According to a study carried out by StressFreeCarRental.com, drivers travelling in Greece have the highest level of “range anxiety”. The study explored the prevalence of EV chargers on key routes in 13 countries in Europe including the Nordic states that are leading the EV revolution. On top of that, the study also focused on finding out the cost of running diesel and electric vehicles. Fewer available chargers for electric vehicles means an increase in stress and anxiety as motorists have to explore less well-known roads to find charging points for their cars along their journey. The figures showed that Greece has no fast CCS (Combined Charging System) chargers for EVs per 100km of the Trans-European Transport Network (TEN-T). This means drivers are more likely to get stranded if they run out of electricity on their journey. READ MORE: Electric car driver fined £100 after charging for just five minutes When factoring the cost of needing to power an electric vehicle, the research found Italy and Belgium are other countries that could increase an EV motorist’s “range anxiety”. Drivers need to pay a higher price for electricity in Italy and Belgium but may find fewer fast chargers on route. The Trans-European Transport Network (TEN-T) was adopted by the European Parliament and Council in July 1996. It is a planned network of roads, railways, airports, and water infrastructure in the European Union. DON'T MISS Red diesel ban will create 'perfect storm' of costs as drivers warned [WARNING] Huge road changes could be made to protect people from 'silent' EVs [REVEAL] NHS nurses furious at decision to bring back 'unfair' parking charges [SHOCKING] Its primary aim is to generate improvements to roads, railways, airports, and ports to provide integrated, long-distance high-speed routes. The core network has a completion target of 2030. In 2017, it was agreed to extend the project to Eastern European countries. The data showed that Italy and Spain did slightly better than Greece with just 2.3 chargers per 100km of the TEN-T network in Italy, and 2.4 over the same distance in Spain. They were followed by Luxembourg with 2.5 and Portugal with just 2.9 chargers per 100km. At the other end of the scale, motorists enjoy an abundance of CCS chargers per 100km of the TEN-T in the UK with 19.7, followed by the Netherlands with 17.2 and Germany with 14.4. But these are the only three countries with CCS chargers available in double figures over 100km - Sweden tables fourth with 8.4. The only Nordic country where data for the prevalence of chargers is not available on the TEN-T route is Norway. However, motorists there appear to have the most value for their money, with the cost of electricity being the cheapest in all of Europe. It would cost around £1.65 to travel 100km by an electric vehicle. Both Sweden and Holland enjoy comparable value for money for topping up an electric car. In both countries, it costs around £2.02 to travel 100km. This is using the same metric of needing 15kwh of electricity to travel 100km. With both countries in the top four for the prevalence of chargers on the TEN-T route, these appear to be the locations where ‘range anxiety’ would be at its lowest levels. When it comes to electricity prices, people in Germany face the most expensive costs. It costs drivers around £3.92 to travel 100km in Germany, with Denmark second at a cost of £3.67 to travel the same distance. Belgium is third at £3.29, with the UK following behind in fourth at £3.04. The study also showed the Dutch may increasingly favour electric vehicles as their chosen mode of transport - as the Netherlands has the most expensive petrol in Western Europe with a cost of £15.74 to fill a tank to travel 100km. Norway is second in this table at a cost of £15.12 to travel the same distance, with Denmark third at £14.17. The cheapest country in the study for petrol is Luxembourg at £11.27 to travel 100km, followed by Belgium at £11.68, Spain at £11.95 and Portugal at £12.89. These figures were obtained on the basis that petrol vehicles need eight litres of fuel to travel 100km.