WARNING: POTENTIAL SPOILERS FOR DOCTOR STRANGE IN THE MULTIVERSE OF MADNESS AHEAD. The next MCU movie is just a month away and Marvel fans have been going over the trailers with a fine-tooth comb looking for clues to where the mysterious story could go. One of the biggest rumours is that Elizabeth Olsen’s Wanda Maximoff, or one of her Scarlet Witch variants, is the films’ baddie, but a new synopsis appears to suggest otherwise. SM Cinemas in the Philippines shared a description for Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness on their official website. And rather than Wanda being the big bad, it seems to imply that the title hero is the villain after all. The synopsis reads: “Dr Stephen Strange casts a forbidden spell that opens the door to the multiverse, including an alternate version of himself, whose threat to humanity is too great for the combined forces of Strange, Wong, and Wanda Maximoff.” The marking for the movie has already teased some of his variants, all played by Benedict Cumberbatch, so which one could it be? The most likely candidate is Sinister Strange, who was first featured in the post-credits trailer for Doctor Strange 2 at the end of Spider-Man: No Way Home. Looking particularly unhinged and villainous, we could see the sorcerer battling himself in the movie with the help of Wong and Wanda. On top of that, Cumberbatch’s Avenger may well need the help of his other variants like Defender Strange, seen in the trailers with slicked-back hair – although he does appear to turn into a zombie. Perhaps even Strange Supreme, who was part of the Guardians of the Multiverse in the animated What If…? series on Disney+, could show up. It’s also possible that an evil Strange variant may team up with a Scarlet Witch against the two good ones from the MCU’s Sacred Timeline. How America Chavez and the Illuminati fit into all this is anyone’s guess, but we have some ideas. Xochitl Gomez’s hero can travel the multiverse, presumably aiding Doctor Strange in his quest. As for the Illuminati, the group of Marvel superheroes in that council with Patrick Stewart’s Professor X in the trailer, look set to spell trouble for the sorcerer. DON'T MISSAvengers Endgame director: ‘Iron Man had to die, not Captain America’ [AVENGERS ENDGAME]Morbius spoilers review: Jared Leto's deathly dull vampire movie sucks [MORBIUS REVIEW]Guardians of the Galaxy Secret Cinema: ‘Mind-blowing MCU immersion’ [GUARDIANS] The Illuminati are rumoured to be policing the multiverse, a bit like how the TVA watched over the Sacred Timeline in Loki. Presumably, they’ve arrested Doctor Strange for his meddling in Avengers Endgame and Spider-Man: No Way Home. However, we reckon he could have to persuade them it was necessary and that the bigger threat to all realities is one of his evil variants. Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness hits cinemas on May 5, 2022. SOURCE