Ten Percent will be airing on Amazon Prime Video from April 28 and it features some huge names. Fans in the US can watch the A-List stars via Sundance Now and AMC+ from April 29. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Kelly Macdonald stars as herself in the series and she is seen talking to her agent about an appearance on a talk show. She sat down with Lorraine Kelly on the host's show today (April 27) to discuss the series. Lorraine played a short clip which features Kelly avoiding questions from the host. Kelly Macdonald is a 46-year-old Scottish actress and mother-of-two. She is best known for her roles in Nanny McPhee, Line of Duty and Boardwalk Empire. TV host Lorraine also makes an appearance in the same episode as Kelly McDonald. She is seen looking confused as Kelly dodges a number of questions at the request of her agent. Lorraine, 62, has had a number of cameos before, having featured in Still Game and River City. READ MORE: Louis Theroux ex-wife: Star’s ‘marriage of convenience’ in New York Helena Bonham Carter can be seen in the trailer for the series as she discusses a mix-up over a role. Playing herself in the show, she explains how it is not the first time such a blunder has happened. Helena Bonham Carter is a 55-year-old actress known for working with her former partner Tim Burton on a number of projects. She also has two children and comes from a family of famous actors.  David Harewood is an actor and presenter known for playing David Estes in Homeland. He is also recognised for his roles in Supergirl and The Vice. The 56-year-old is married to Kirsty Handy. Dominic West, 52, is a popular actor, director and musician who stars as himself in the show. He is recognised for his roles in The Wire and The Affair. He is married to Catherine FitzGerald, a landscape designer, and he has five children. His latest project is the new film Downton Abbey: A New Era, in which he plays Guy Dexter. Emma Corrin is also spotted in the trailer for Ten Percent as she discusses a media frenzy. She explains how reporters appear to be obsessed over an alleged affair. Emma, 26, rose to fame after she played Diana in the fourth season of The Crown. Her other credits include Pennyworth and Grantchester. DON'T MISS... Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' [VIDEO] Ten Percent star addresses fears over fan reaction to UK series [INTERVIEW] Ten Percent release date, cast, trailer, plot: When is the series out? [INSIGHT] Phoebe Dynevor is another huge name in the series and her cameo marks her first post-Bridgerton appearance. The star played Daphne Bridgerton in the first season of the Netflix hit. The 27-year-old actress has previously starred in Waterloo Road, Snatch and Dickensian.  TV presenter Alex Jones, known for hosting The One Show on the BBC, stars in the comedy. Alex addressed her cameo on the talk show, admitting her acting was "terrible". She put her hands to her face as she explained she will be watching the show through her fingers. Speaking on The One Show, she said: "I loved it, but terrible acting. You will see." Olivia Williams is a 53-year-old actress known for her roles on the stage and screen. She previously starred in The Nevers, Dollhouse and Peter Pan. The star is married to actor Rhashan Stone and she has two children.  Hamish Patel is an actor, musician and singer who played Tamwar Masood in EastEnders. The 31-year-old went on to star in Yesterday, Tenet and Don't Look Up.  David Oyelowo is a 46-year-old British-American actor and director. The award-winning star was appointed an Order of the British Empire (OBE) for his services to drama. He is known for his roles in Selma, Nightingale and Spooks. The star is married to his wife Jessica, an actress and singer. The mother-of-four has starred in Mayo, A United Kingdom and Alice in Wonderland.  Ten Percent premieres on Amazon Prime Video on April 28.