The lawyer hit out at the two most recent royal trips carried out in the Caribbean to mark the Platinum Jubilee. Dr Mos-Shogbamimu claimed tours, in particular to Afro-Caribbean nations, should aim to address the issues put forward by activists and the countries' leaders - including slavery reparations. However, the trips of Kate and Prince William and Sophie and Prince Edward did not do that, according to the commentator. She said: "If the purpose of the trip is what we've seen which is basically a continuation of representing the legacy of the British Empire, then absolutely yes these tours should just end. "Quite frankly these royal tours that we've seen to date are an embarrassment to the British monarchy. "However if the royal tour was one that speaks to what many of these Afro-Caribbean nations are seeking to address, which is truth, reconciliation and justice, then you need to get on board those tours and make them work." Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here Kate and Prince William travelled to Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas in March. During their first overseas tour in more than two years, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge faced protests, open letters and calls for reparations and an apology for Britain's colonial past. The second-in-line to the throne did speak about the slave trade during a state dinner in Kingston, branding it "abhorrent" and something that should have never happened. He did not address the calls for an apology or reparations - issues only the Government can decide upon. READ MORE: Dr Shola savaged after claiming royal Caribbean tour ‘failed’ The Duke of Cambridge also touched upon republicanism, acknowledging in a statement the possibility more countries may break away from the Crown as Barbados did last November. He said: "I know that this tour has brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future. "In Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas, that future is for the people to decide upon." He also stated the purpose of his and his wife's role is to serve and support people, rather than telling them "what to do".   Commenting on William's words on slavery, Dr Mos-Shogbamimu told PA: "I don't need you to tell me that. I know that slavery was abhorrent. "I want to know how and when you are going to take responsibility. "This does not mean asking Prince William or Prince Edward to be personally responsible. "No, they are institutionally responsible. It's a collective responsibility." The English monarchy tied links with the slave trade during the reign of Elizabeth I. The sovereign supported the dealings of John Hawkins, one of Britain's first slave traders in the 16th century, after proving lucrative, and provided him with ships for his horrific trade. Much like Kate and William, Prince Edward and Sophie were also addressed in open letters focused on demands for slavery reparations as they visited last week Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, and Antigua and Barbuda. However, they did not address Britain's colonial past, the slave trade or republicanism, with Prince Edward glossing over the issues during a meeting with the Prime Minister of Antigua and Barbuda - Gaston Browne. During a face-to-face meeting, the Earl and Countess were asked by the politician to use their "diplomatic influence" to achieve "reparatory justice". They were also told that, while it is not an issue his Government wants to tackle immediately, Antigua and Barbuda wishes to one day become a republic. Edward responded with a joke, saying he could not address all the points made as he had not been taking notes.