Sam Waley-Cohen yesterday defied outsider odds of 50-1 to clinch the world's greatest steeplechase aboard Noble Yeats. The stunned 39-year-old, a long-time pal of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, said: "I can't say anything. It is a dream. I can't believe it." William and Kate tweeted their congratulations to their friend, who attended their wedding in 2011.The Duchess was a guest at the Waley-Cohen's wedding the same year. They wrote: "Huge congratulations to @swaleycohen for winning the Grand National. What a way to retire." As an amateur, Sam, who celebrated with wife Annabel and children Max and Charlotte, will not receive any prize money for his win. Race favourite Mark Walsh came second on Any Second Now after a dramatic start saw last year's National winner, Rachael Blackmore, fall at the first fence of the Aintree course. All eyes had been on the trailblazing jockey, 32, as she sought to repeat her historic victory on Minella Times in front of a 70,000 strong crowd. Racegoers yesterday returned to the biggest race of the three-day meet for the first time in three years. Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, and the Queen's granddaughter, Zara Tindall, were spotted among a sea of racegoers in colourful suits and glamorous frocks. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace, Sky Sports presenter Chris Kamara and former Liverpool FC manager Sir Kenny Dalglish were also spotted in the crowd ahead of the 174th Grand National. Revellers were seen braving rainy and chilly temperatures at the meeting, which was cancelled due to Covid in 2020 and held behind closed doors last year. The sold-out big race saw 40 Grand National runners and riders negotiate 30 jumps over nearly four and a quarter gruelling miles. Another big name, Snow Leopardess, pulled up during the race dashing hopes she could become the first mare to win the event in 71 years. Siblings Nicky and Steven Baird were at the Merseyside course with their father, George, after the family originally planned to come for his 70th birthday in 2020. Mr Baird, from Glasgow, who wore a checked suit and bow tie with sparkly loafers, said: "We ended up having a Zoom call for his birthday instead so not quite the same as Aintree. Today is going to be electric." Ms Baird added: "We're so excited to be here. I think it's 100 per cent going to be extra special this year, it has to be." Earlier, tragedy struck as horse Elle Est Belle died after a suspected heart attack at the Betway Mersey Novices' Hurdle.