Lille would reportedly be willing to sell Jonathan David to Arsenal this summer so long as their asking price is met. The Gunners are on the lookout for strikers in the off-season with Mikel Arteta’s squad braced for the potential loss of their only two centre-forwards in their squad.    As things stand, both Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are poised to leave Arsenal when their contracts expire on July 1. The club have made overtures to try and keep both strikers, but the situation remains unresolved as the season edges into its final stages. Arsenal spent the January transfer window desperately looking for new firepower, with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s public falling out with Arteta and subsequent transfer to Barcelona leaving the team short of goal scoring options. But despite chasing Dusan Vlahovic – and being linked with the likes of David, Alexander Isak, Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Alvaro Morata and others – they ended the mid-season window empty handed. That is simply not an option this summer, whether or not Lacazette and Nketiah stay put, and the Gunners are therefore ready to pursue at least two strikers. One of those could well be Lille’s David, who has scored 16 goals in 43 goals for the French side so far this season. JUST IN: Lewandowski 'has Barca belief' as agent heads into crunch Bayern talks  Although they would not do business in January, the Ligue 1 side are prepared to sell some players at the end of the season, according to Fabrizio Romano. The 22-year-old is under contract with Lille until June 2025 and that means they will reportedly demand around £42million (€50m) to sell him this summer. David has enjoyed a fast rise to stardom at Lille, where he has contributed 30 goals and five assists in 92 appearances since joining from Gent in a £25m (€30m) transfer back in August 2020. The Canadian international helped Lille shock Paris Saint-Germain to win the 2020/21 Ligue 1 title and has remained consistent in front of goal this season too. DON'T MISS Chelsea star Cesar Azpilicueta explains fan apology gesture Arsenal given inside Odegaard information but snubbed 'recommendation' Arsenal 'have swap deal card to play' for Argentina's Nahuel Molina  Whether they chase David, Arsenal are sure to be busy this summer. The Telegraph reported recently that Arteta wants to sign at least four players, including two strikers, in order to further bolster a squad which had £150m spent on it before the start of the season. Takehiro Tomiyasu, Aaron Ramsdale, Ben White, Nuno Tavares, Albert Sambi Lokonga and Martin Odegaard all arrived on permanent transfers last summer and a similar influx of players appears likely once more before the 2022/23 campaign kicks off. In order to fund new additions, current loanees Dinos Mavropanos (Stuttgart), Matteo Guendouzi (Marseille), Lucas Torreira (Fiorentina), Ainsley Maitland-Niles (Roma) and Pablo Mari (Udinese) could all be sold. 