Chelsea still harbour faint hopes of competing in the Premier League title race, despite being 11 points behind leaders Manchester City with a game in hand. The Blues face a Brentford side who are in a good run of form and know it will not be easy to take home all three points against Thomas Frank's men. Express Sport takes a look at their expected XI ahead of Saturday's clash, with three changes from the FA Cup win over Middlesbrough likely with Hakim Ziyech, Romelu Lukaku and Ruben Loftus-Cheek all dropping out. Goalkeeper: Mendy Edouard Mendy will return to Chelsea a hero after his exploits for Senegal in the international break. The Lions faced Egypt on penalties for the second time this year, with a World Cup play-off win coming after they prevailed in the Africa Cup of Nations final to take home their first ever major trophy. Mendy produced yet more shot-stopping heroics to give his nation their second consecutive appearance at a World Cup finals by saving a spot-kick from Mohamed Mostafa. And with Kepa Arrizabalaga also sidelined due to injury, Mendy will start in goal. JUST IN: Roma 'learn Man Utd already have Boubacar Kamara transfer agreement' DON'T MISS Midfield: Azpilicueta, Kante, Kovacic, Alonso Reece James has suffered a setback on the injury he suffered earlier this season, and although he could return to action against the Bees, the upcoming Real Madrid tie on Wednesday could mean that captain Cesar Azpilicueta will likely fill in as the right-sided wing-back. The formidable partnership of N'Golo Kante and Mateo Kovacic, who have featured heavily this season under Tuchel, will be the two-man central midfield. The pair's absence coincided with Chelsea's poor run of form earlier in the season, and the German will look to avoid another similar run. And on the left flank will be Marcos Alonso, who has covered Ben Chilwell brilliantly this campaign. Attack: Pulisic, Mount, Havertz Christian Pulisic's form for the USA earlier this week showed he is back to his very best, and his pace could be useful in breaking down a Brentford defence that is vulnerable to a counter-attack. Elsewhere, Mason Mount's dependability will likely be called upon as he continues to improve greatly under Tuchel. Romelu Lukaku and Timo Werner's poor form as of late means they will find it tough to find a way into the starting XI for the visit of the Bees. And that will leave Kai Havertz - arguably Chelsea's best player since the turn of the year - to operate in his usual false nine role, where he has been extremely prolific with four goals in his last three Premier League games.