The discovery was made at a site west of Alexandria, the former capital of Egypt. The Egyptian team unearthed evidence of an ancient pottery workshop, with the remains of rounded vessels, coins, figurines and even a "ritual room". The experts say the site dates to the Roman period of Egypt’s history, which began around 30BC, but there is also evidence that points to its use during the later Byzantine period. Also uncovered at the site were two burials – including a pregnant woman – that are believed to date from the later Middle Ages. There is evidence of up to 100 graves, which the team will not continue to probe. Dr Salima Ikram, professor of Egyptology at the American University in Cairo, said: "Alexandria was very significant during the Ptolemaic era because it was founded by Alexander the Great. "It is wonderful to have a whole industrial section of the ancient city, as it tells us about the daily workings of Alexandria, its people and its economy." The mission also discovered a group of 13 rooms built from limestone, which included a room for worshipping. The rooms are believed to have been built during the Ptolemaic period. Found inside were a number of bizarre animal bones belonging to pigs, sheep, goats and fish. Inside another room was clay containers willed with animal remains – believed to have been used as storage. On the floor, the team found a large number of coins bearing the faces of Alexander the Great, the Greek god Zeus and Egypt’s final Queen Cleopatra. READ MORE: Musk takes on Putin! SpaceX BLOCKS electromagnetic warfare attack in Ukraine The last ruler of the Ptolemaic Kingdom of Egypt is one the most famous of all pharaohs, but her tomb has never been found in the 2,000 years since she died. Archaeologists have extensively searched for evidence close to the centre of Alexandria, where she was born and ruled. Many believe that all remains of the great ruler may have been destroyed by a powerful earthquake that struck the coast of Greece in 365AD – causing a tsunami to devastate the ancient town. Egyptologist Dr Chris Naunton previously told Express.co.uk: “From the evidence we have, Cleopatra built her own tomb different from her predecessors who were buried in a group mausoleum in Alexandria. DON'T MISS Nuclear survival advice issued as Putin threatens Ukraine [REVEAL] UK scientists analyse secrets of Putin's prized fighter jet [REPORT] Experts warn to stockpike SEAWEED to slash impact of Russian nuke [INSIGHT] “She built it, quite possibly, in the area opposite the modern-day library of Alexandria, in a peninsula jetting out into the ocean. “Some material has been found underwater which may have come from the mausoleum. “People have looked and not found the clinching evidence, but I think if I had unlimited funds and permission that’s where I’d want to go – underwater. “I would want to conduct as thorough as possible survey of the ocean floor in that area.”