When Britons are doing their weekly washing and tumble drying they probably aren’t thinking about it costing money, each and every load they do. But all the energy and detergent used adds up to around £160 a year, according to the experts at Which. Even the temperature clothes are being washed at has an impact on energy bills. Experts at Which have explained that even making “small changes” will add up to “big savings”. They said: “Making small changes can reduce these costs and turn into big savings down the line, saving you around £100 per year.” The cleaning experts advised washing clothes at 30 regress and often even at 20 when possible. They explained: “We tested a range of washing machines in 2020 to see how washing at lower temperatures affects cleaning and energy use. “On average, switching from 40 degrees to 30 degrees saved 38 percent energy, and going down to 20 degrees saved 62 percent. READ MORE: Heating: Use underlay to save money on energy bills - ‘simple’ “The average washing machine costs about £38 a year to run four washes a week.” So switching to 30 degrees would cut £13 off of this, while 20 degrees would reduce bills by £24. Lowering the temperature doesn’t mean you need to compromise on stain-busting power, either. Which carried out a snapshot test that revealed unless Britons are washing really soiled clothes, modern machines will still do a good job most of the time. Small daily washes should be avoided for those looking to save on their energy bills. The cleaning experts said: “It’s all too easy to stick a couple of items in the wash, putting it on a quick program. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to unblock drains using white vinegar and baking soda [COMMENT]Laundry: ‘Cheap’ and ‘effective’ ways to remove clothing stains [EXPERT]Gardening tips: ‘Quickest’ way to remove moss from pavements - how to [TIPS] “These quick programs or speed-up buttons do reduce how much energy is used in the wash slightly, but not by the same amount that the capacity is reduced. “As such, it’s much more economical to do fewer big loads than daily little ones.” When Which checked what effect speed-up functions have on cleaning and energy in May 2019, they found dramatic differences between the three they tested. One only reduced the energy used by close to 20 percent while another cut it in half. But this isn’t enough to justify a daily wash. Doing a bigger normal wash four times a week still ended up using 17 percent less energy than the average of the three fast washes, done daily. This would add up to an annual saving of around £7 for the average washing machine. This may not sound like much, but remember, you’ll also be saving by using up your detergent more slowly. Even something so simple as switching up your laundry detergent can help save money. Using a laundry detergent from Wilko costs £1.50 and works out as 5p per wash. Compare this to some of the most expensive on the market, that can cost 31p per wash. Add that up over a year and you’ll be saving close to £50, based on four washes a week. As well as maintaining the health of washing machines, tumble dryers are important too. When Which tested how a range of heat pump dryers performed over 20 loads, they were “shocked” by the findings. The experts said: “Some ended up using 50 percent more energy than at first. “The average heat pump dryer costs around £39 per year to do three loads a week, so you can quickly see how this could add nearly £20 to your annual laundry costs.” The reason for this is the filters getting blocked up with dust and lint from your clothes.