Ferrari team principal Mattia Binotto has insisted that he cannot explain why Mercedes and a number of other teams are struggling to combat the porpoising issue that has struck the majority of the Formula One grid since the start of pre-season testing. The Silver Arrows have failed to rectify the problem over the last few weeks and look set for a long and painful afternoon at today's Emilia Romagna Grand Prix as a result of their recent shortcomings. Mercedes failed to make it into the top 10 during Saturday's sprint event that saw George Russell finish two places ahead of Lewis Hamilton, who only managed to cross the line in 14th position. Binotto has since admitted that he is unsure why Mercedes have been unable to eradicate the problem over the course of this season while insisting that Ferrari are yet to fully stamp out the issue for themselves. "I don't know why the others are not as quick as we are with porpoising, but it's true that we are still suffering with it," Binotto told reporters ahead of today's race at Imola. "We put some actions on the car to try to mitigate it, but it's not yet addressed and solved. But it's always a compromise between trying to solve it and giving up some performance, while maybe in the meantime you have to have some porpoising to get the best out of your car." JUST IN: Valtteri Bottas copying Lewis Hamilton with Guanyu Zhou at Alfa Romeo Ferrari have managed to avoid losing much of their on-track performance due to the effects of porpoising, which they have seemingly been able to handle without too much difficulty. Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz have been spotted bouncing up and down on long straights over the course of the weekend at Imola but have remained close to Red Bull in terms of outright pace in spite of the issue. Mercedes, on the other hand, are at a loss in their efforts to correct the problem and were even forced to lift on the straights during Friday's practice session in order to alleviate the bouncing to some degree. Hamilton responded on Saturday by admitting that Mercedes have simply failed to produce a winning car before insisting that his Drivers' Championship title hopes can already be written off after just three races. "A lot of work is going on in the background, but this is what it is, this is what we have," said Hamilton. "Ultimately we haven't got it right this year and everyone is working has hard as they can to correct it. "We are obviously not fighting for the championship, but we are fighting to understand the car and improve and progress through the year. That is all we can hope for right now." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE