Many have hypothesised about the Russian despot’s psychological state as his invasion in Ukraine appears to be struggling and reports emerge of him firing his staff. Voice experts have aimed to provide an insight by comparing his voice from when he first ordered Russian troops to invade Ukraine in February to more recent recordings. Japanese firm Risk Measurement Technologies claim that they are able to detect a person’s mental state based on changes in their vocal chords, according to a Japanese news outlet. They claim that their findings indicate a deterioration in the mental state of the tyrant as his war fails to go according to plan. They analysed an hour and 19 minutes of voice samples from Putin between February 1 and March 18. These analyses suggest that Putin’s stress levels increased in the days leading up to the invasion on February 24, before climbing sharply in early March. The results show high stress levels, mood and levels of anxiety. Experts used his comments at the UN General Assembly in September 2020 as a baseline. There was a significant shift in Putin’s psychology three days before the invasion during a meeting of the Russian Federation Security Council. As he discussed whether to recognised the independence of the self-proclaimed republics of Donetsky and Luhansk, a move that was widely considered to be a serious escalation ahead of the invasion, Putin’s voice indicated swings between high and low levels of stress in a short space of time. The head of the firm Kanji Okazaki told Nikkei Asia: “We can conjecture that he was in a state of psychological instability.” READ MORE: Putin on the backfoot after guerilla attacks [INSIGHT] In a televised speech on the day of the invasion, Putin used forceful language, emphasizing that "today's Russia remains one of the most powerful nuclear states." This was followed by a significant increase in stress by March 10, at which point his stress levels were over 40 percent higher than usual. The experts’ findings add to the building evidence that Putin may be declining, as reports suggested a surgeon who specialises in thyroid cancer in “elderly and senile” patients is being kept at at Putin’s side. Yevgeny Selivanov, of Moscow's Central Clinical Hospital, has flown to the Russian president at least 35 times in the Black Sea resort Sochi. DON'T MISS: ‘You’re part of the problem!’ BBC QT audience member clashes with p... [REVEAL]'Revenge!' Brexiteer warns EU thwarting talks to make UK pay 'price' [ANALYSIS]Do what you're paid to do!' Scot erupts at SNP [INSIGHT] Investigative team Project Media claim to have evidence backing the recent theories that Putin is hiding his medical issues from the Russian people. They said: “We promised to reveal to you the main secret of the Kremlin. Of course, we are talking about the health of Vladimir Putin.” Project Media has been blocked in Russia, along with many major social media outlets such as Facebook and Instagram.