Since autumn last year, the Queen has been receiving medical advice to take more rest following long stretches of intense activity. After overcoming Covid in February, advice to keep appearances to a minimum heightened, and most of Her Majesty’s Royal duties have been carried out virtually ever since. The public was delighted to see her recent physical attendance at her late husband Prince Philip’s memorial at Westminster Abbey in March [link], but her attendance was only confirmed on the morning of. The Easter Sunday service, which took place today at St. George’s Chapel in Windsor Castle, is an important, annual event to the Royals - which is a staple in their calendar. However, this year while the service did see attendance by many members of the Royal Family, the Queen did not join the church event. The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall, who represented the Queen at Thursday’s Royal Maundy service at the same chapel, were also not in attendance at the Easter Sunday service. This is the first Easter service in more than 50 years to be missed by the Queen.  READ MORE: Ex-Archbishop of Canterbury's confession on Kate's wedding day  Although the Queen was “determined” to attend Prince Philip’s memorial, she’s been experiencing some mobility issues recently that the Royal Family need to now acknowledge when planning the diary. In a video for the Telegraph, royal expert Camilla Tominey: “Despite her own discomfort, she was determined to be [at Prince Philip’s memorial]. Yes, concessions had to be made to ensure she was as comfortable as possible but it's these types of engagements she will move heaven and earth to attend." She continued: “What we think is the Queen isn't having health problems but mobility problems - she can't stand for long periods or walk for long distances and therefore accommodations are being made.” "I think the palace are handling this very much as they did when the Duke of Edinburgh retired and he was able to say which engagements he did or didn't want to attend at very short notice."  Prince William and Kate Middleton were joined by Prince George and Prince Charlotte at the Easter service this morning, with Kate and Charlotte wearing matching blue outfits, while William and George paired up in suits and ties. Behind the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were the Earl and Countess of Wessex, Prince Edward and Sophie, with their children, Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. Princess Eugenie walked with Peter Phillips - the son of Princess Anne, and his children Savannah and Isla. Princess Anne’s daughter, Zara Tindall, and her husband Mike brought their eldest daughter Mia along. The Royal Family members who celebrated at the service this morning are thought likely to be dropping in to see the monarch today, who is currently staying in her apartment at the castle.  DON'T MISS: Prince Harry's mother Diana admitted 'Easter always difficult time' [INSIGHT]Queen Camilla would have had Diana's blessing, claims royal expert [ANALYSIS]Have Your Say: Should Harry and Meghan return for Queen's Jubilee [HAVE YOUR SAY]   Apart from the Easter Sunday service at the 14th-century St George’s chapel, the Royals carry out a number of additional traditions to celebrate the important Christian holiday. The Queen is a devout Christian and the head of the Church of England, making this a key series of dates to observe her faith with a number of events and activities. The Easter weekend is usually spent privately with her family, with the Royals returning to the castle following the Easter service for a four-course meal. Former royal chef Darren McGrady told OK! Magazine in 2020: "We’d go straight into the main course – a traditional roast lamb with seasonal vegetables. The meal is often accompanied by Her Majesty’s “favourite German wine, called Gewurztraminer”, and the Easter menu is usually complete with chocolate - something the Queen, who is described as a “chocoholic”, usually gives up for lent.  Mr McGrady said: “Her Majesty loves chocolate, but particularly dark chocolate. “She gives it up for Lent and then looks forward to tucking into her favourite Bendicks Bittermints. Boxes of them are provided for everyone to nibble on.” While the Queen doesn’t take part in an official Easter egg hunt, the Royal Collection Trust at Buckingham Palace holds several works of art inspired by traditional Easter eggs. This includes ornate pieces created by the great Russian goldsmith Peter Carl Fabergé. In the past, several of the Royal Palaces have hosted egg hunts and painting workshops to celebrate Easter. Children are invited to decorate their own baskets and follow a treasure trail to find the eggs hidden in the Royal Mews. It is suspected that the Queen treats her great-grandchildren to an Easter egg hunt in the grounds of Windsor Castle every year. As many royals, such as Prince William and wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, along with Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, joined in the church service today, it's likely they'll stop by to visit the Queen. 