Angela Rayner reiterated Labour Party's opposition to the scheme, which Priti Patel claims will ease pressure on the Border Force as well as clamp down on illegal immigration. But Good Morning Britain host Kate Garraway put the Labour deputy leader on the spot as she noted her own party's policies whilst in power contributed to inspiring the new scheme. She insisted "it was changes Labour made" to the immigration system that allowed the Home Secretary to draft her strategy.  Ms Garraway said: "It was changes that the Labour Government made that allowed for the legislation into being in place in order for them to consider this. "So what the Government said is, if you have ab better idea, what is it? "Come and tell us about it not just to Labour but to anyone. So what is Labour's plan for safe asylum routes?" Ms Rayner explained: "The Conservatives have been in power since 2010, so they've had over a decade to deal with this issue. JUST IN: 'Don't give airtime' BBC fans fume as Angela Rayner calls for Johnson to resign 'Move on'  "Our plan is quite clear – crack down on the criminality, the people who are exploiting vulnerable people." The Good Morning Britain presenter however cut in to point out Ms Rayner's aims appeared rather similar to the Government's. Ms Garraway said: "I'm sorry, I don't want to interrupt you, I know I am so apologies for that. "But that's what the Government ministers have said, crack down on criminality. READ MORE: Where is Anne Darwin now? What happened to her? "So what is different about Labour's approach to cracking down that would make the difference?" Ms Rayner insisted the Labour Party would work alongside partners in the European Union and France to ensure safe routes are available for anyone seeking to enter the UK. She said: "We'd be working with our allies across France and Europe to ensure there is safe and legal passage for those who legitimately are able to come to the UK." DON'T MISS...Paige Sandhu health: Soap star on 'terrible' anxiety - symptoms [COMMENT]Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT] Questions over the new immigration processing scheme have come from across the political sphere, with former Prime Minister, and former Home Secretary, Theresa May saying she would not be backing Priti Patel's proposal. Mrs May warned the policy to send some migrants who arrive by unauthorised means to Rwanda could lead to an increase in the trafficking of women and children. The former Prime Minister, who is seen as the architect of the "hostile environment" that played a role in the Windrush scandal, said she did not support the Rwanda plans "on the grounds of legality, practicality, and efficacy". She also demanded evidence that "this will not simply lead to an increase in the trafficking of women and children". Ms Patel insisted the policy is legal and was needed to tackle smuggling gangs who "effectively exploit various loopholes in our existing laws".