Lord John Bird gave the stark warning as Shelter figures indicate one in 17 private renting households have either been served with an eviction notice or were likely to receive one – a total of more than 275,000. The homelessness charity’s findings also show that 55,000 children and their families were evicted in the final three months of 2021. Some 14,000 landlords began court proceedings to evict tenants from their homes in the same period – an increase of 43 percent on the total in the previous quarter. Shelter research also shows that almost half of renters (45 percent) are worried about becoming homeless due to the cost of living crisis. Meanwhile, in nine out of 10 areas in England, Local Housing Allowance does not cover the cost of a modest two or three bedroom home. Lord Bird said: “We have never had a period in modern history when so many people have been facing eviction, when so many are deprived of the means of properly feeding their families or heating their homes. We would have to go back centuries in history to see anything on this scale.” The magazine founder’s bleak statement comes as Government measures to tackle homelessness in the pandemic unwind. Core homelessness – a concept covering the most acute forms – is estimated to have totalled 203,400 people in England in 2020, down five percent on 2019. This was due primarily to the widely praised Everyone In initiative during the pandemic which saw rough sleepers housed in hotels and a ban on evictions, which ended last June. In December, ministers announced a £316million homelessness prevention fund for councils for the next financial year to protect tens of thousands of people from homelessness, following a joint campaign by The Big Issue and the Sunday Express. Lord Bird, who welcomed the Government grant at the time, now says it is unclear if the move has done much to solve the problem: “Councils were given grants to prevent Covid-related homelessness but where is that money? We cannot see it in the magistrates’ court rooms of Britain where increasing numbers of repossession orders are being made.” He added: “We need to recognise that this is an emergency. Government says borrowing is the highest it has ever been due to Covid, but we need to borrow in order to help people come out of this. “Otherwise we will ruin the education and life chances of millions of children and families.” Polly Neate, chief executive of Shelter, said: “Bills are skyrocketing, and private rents are higher than ever. “Housing is at the root of the cost-of-living crisis, and we could be facing the steepest rise in homelessness in a generation. Years of welfare cuts have left thousands of people on a knife edge making impossible choices about whether to feed their family or pay the rent. “Those facing eviction are running out of options because there are so few social homes, and many people are destitute. “Our services are working seven days a week to support people through this storm. But the Government must act to prevent an explosion in homelessness. The immediate priority must be to reverse damaging welfare cuts that are making it so hard for people to pay their rent. “Long term, we have to build decent social homes with rents tied to local wages so that people have somewhere stable to live.” But a spokesperson for the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities said its own data painted a different picture. They added: “We do not recognise these numbers. “Figures show a decrease in the number of households assessed as homeless or threatened with homelessness compared to the same period last year.” The spokesperson said: “We’ve given councils an extra £65million to support low-income households with rent arrears. “We’re banning no-fault evictions and a £316million homelessness prevention grant will support those at risk get help with evictions or move into temporary accommodation.” ------------------------------- The UK is about to witness the sharpest increase in homelessness since the Industrial Revolution. We have not seen so many people facing homelessness at one time in centuries. Rising food and energy bills, rising living costs, chronic underfunding of housing, soaring fuel bills and the end of Covid eviction bans in June mean that a quarter of a million people are facing eviction or have had eviction notices served. More than 16,000 families and children are being evicted from their homes every month. And this is only set to increase as the rising cost of living takes its toll. This is untold. Modern Britain has never been through anything like this before. Even after bombs hit houses in the Second World War, people were found new homes. I have been looking at the history of poverty in this country. The last time we saw anything on this scale was at the end of the 18th century and early 19th, when Parliament increased land rights to manorial lords by taking hold of common land under the Inclosure Act. This meant small tenant farmers became destitute after they were forced off land they had used for generations. This stripped people of their chances of feeding their children properly. We seem to be getting into a similar situation now. The Government spent so much on Covid but don’t appear to realise that this cost of living crisis we are now in will echo down the generations. We need to recognise homelessness is now a national emergency.