Carlos Alcaraz has the potential to dominate men's tennis in the future and he could soon follow in the footsteps of legends Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic if history repeats itself. The Spaniard prevailed in a thrilling encounter against Serbia’s Miomir Kecmanovic 6-7(5), 6-3, 7-6(5) to advance to the Miami Open semi-finals. He has backed up his appearance in the last four at Indian Wells, and in the process became the youngest player to reach the semis of the two events, known as the ‘sunshine double’. In a tweet posted by ATP Media Info, Nadal and Djokovic, as well as Andy Murray and Andre Agassi, also reached the Indian Wells Miami semis finals as teenagers and went on to become the world number one. Alcaraz will be hoping history repeats itself, and if his insane ability is anything to go by, he could well ascend to the summit of the men’s game in the future. He has had a phenomenal 2022 so far, winning 16 matches and has only been defeated twice, by world number six Matteo Berrettini and Nadal, the winner of 21 Grand Slam titles. Alcaraz has defeated every opponent outside the top eight so far this year and his latest task will be attempting to dethrone the current Miami Open champion, Hubert Hurkacz. Young tennis star Alcaraz crushed 52 winners inside the Hard Rock Stadium last night, and brought the crowd to their feet as he triumphed after two hours and 23 minutes. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic confirmed to play four tournaments as brother admits lack of games struggle  The teenage sensation sank to his knees after producing yet another scintillating performance and thanked the crowd for their unwavering support. "I think that I'm playing in Spain," Alcaraz said of the crowd's tremendous support. "It's unbelievable. The energy that they push to me, it was crazy. I think without them it would not be possible to get into the semi-finals today. Miomir was playing unbelievable," the Spaniard reflected after his first meeting with the Serb. He added: "I knew that I had to put a good level from my side. He had chances to win the match. I did a great shot at 4-5 in the third set, 15/30," referencing a fearless down-the-line backhand winner that helped him dig out of that hole. DON'T MISSTim Henman warns Novak Djokovic despite Daniil Medvedev missing out on No 1 spot againNovak Djokovic served warning as star dubbed 'mini-Rafael Nadal' tipped to stun himRafael Nadal tipped for early injury return as French Open runner-up shares Barcelona hope   One of Alcaraz’s most impressive shots in his armoury is the drop shot, which he utilised at many crucial moments against Kecmanovic. "The rest of the match I'm trying to hit the ball hard to push the opponent off the baseline," he said of his strategy to set up those delicate change-ups. "The drop shot is good for me. I have confidence with that shot. In the tough moments, you have to hit the best shots that you have." Alcaraz will take to the court tomorrow hoping to move one step closer to winning his first Masters 1000 title.