Romelu Lukaku has been labelled as a 'flop' by pundits and fans alike every since his £97.5million move from Inter Milan to Chelsea in the summer. Having scored just two Premier League goals in his last 18 appearances for Thomas Tuchel's men, the Belgian has been tipped to move away from Stamford Bridge at the end of the season in a bid to revitalise his career. And with options aplenty that Chelsea could go for, they could opt for cheaper attackers to avoid making the same mistake with the talisman. Express Sport takes a look at four options that the Blues could make a bid for to save money.  Alexandre Lacazette Now this would be a story that splits London, wouldn't it? The Frenchman has really failed to produce the goods this season, scoring just four goals in 26 Premier League games for Arsenal. He would be a rather uninspiring signing considering that he is set to turn 31 by the time his contract runs out. But due to the fact he is on a free transfer and already living in London, alongside a likely appearance in the Champions League next season, Lacazette would likely be more than willing to make the switch across the city. Eddie Nketiah Could the Blues go for double damage from the Gunners? It would be back to where it all started for Nketiah, having plied his trade at Chelsea from the age of nine until the age of 15.  He would only be 23 come the end of his current contract, and with a pedigree of 20 goals in 86 games for the Gunners he has the potential to grow. And having scored twice at Stamford Bridge in midweek, Chelsea fans know just how good he can be on his day. Richarlison If Everton go down, expect a mass exodus at Goodison Park. Premier League quality players such as Allan, Jordan Pickford and Dominic Calvert-Lewin would likely leave the club if the Toffees are relegated for the first time in 68 years. But Richarlison would probably be the pick of the bunch, having been linked with Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona in the past. If the eventuality does occur that they lose their Premier League status, Chelsea could potentially land the Brazilian star for around the £40million mark - and at the age of just 25 come the start of the season, there is a lot of longevity to work with.  Paulo Dybala It is not just the Premier League that Chelsea could raid if they were to look for a cheap option up front. Dybala has already admitted he is leaving Juventus in the summer after they went back on their contract offer. With only a signing on fee to pay for, and with Dybala likely to not be expecting huge wages, Tuchel could make a bid for his services. And having come close to a move to England in the past, now is the best time for the Argentine to make the switch across Europe. 