Downton Abbey: A New Era is set to hit UK cinemas later this week and speculation is rife among fans over what could happen. A big absentee in the trailers is Lady Mary’s husband Henry Talbot, who was away on business for much of the first movie. However, he seems to be totally absent from Downton Abbey 2, while there’s another man on the prowl for the affections of Michelle Dockery’s character. In the latest behind-the-scenes YouTube episode for the new movie, Dockery teased what was in store for her character. The Downton Abbey star said: “Mary has come into her own and is really running the house and she’s a businesswoman. What’s interesting is that Mary and Violet sort of have this parallel story.” Fans will know from the trailers that Lady Violet has been left a villa in France by what appears to be a former lover. Dockery added: “Mary’s having her own little flirtation with Hugh Dancy’s character.” Dancy is playing a new character called Jack Barber, who is directing a movie that is shooting inside Downton Abbey. Clearly, while her husband is away the filmmaker is taking his adulterous chances with Lady Mary. In another new clip, she admits: “Love is a novel, not a short story, full of plot twists along the way.” A scene of the two alone at the cinema is shown before Dancy says to her: “You do know that I’m completely mad about you?” The question remains though, is Henry Talbot star Matthew Goode going to show up suddenly and take on Barber before he gets his way with his wife? Sadly for fans, the star himself says he’s not in Downton Abbey: A New Era at all. Speaking with Extra TV, the 44-year-old said he’s been too busy filming The Offer, a drama about the making of The Godfather. Of course, he could be playing it coy before making an important cameo later on in the movie, so who knows what surprises are in store. DON'T MISSDownton Jim Carter: 'We do laugh a lot at home... that helps keep you [JIM CARTER]Next James Bond odds: The Downton Abbey stars ‘in the running’ [NEXT BOND]Why did Dan Stevens leave Downton Abbey as Matthew Crawley? [DAN STEVENS] Downton Abbey 2’s cast are as follows: “Hugh Bonneville, Laura Carmichael, Jim Carter, Brendan Coyle, Michelle Dockery, Kevin Doyle, Joanne Froggatt, Harry Hadden-Paton, Robert James-Collier, Allen Leech, Phyllis Logan, Elizabeth McGovern, Sophie McShera, Tuppence Middleton, Lesley Nicol, Maggie Smith, Imelda Staunton, Penelope Wilton, and new cast members Hugh Dancy, Laura Haddock, Nathalie Baye, Dominic West, Jonathan Zaccaï.” Downton Abbey: A New Era arrives in UK cinemas on April 29, 2022. SOURCE