The race for the top four has taken yet another twist as Arsenal beat Chelsea 4-2, and if they can win against Manchester United on Saturday then they will strenghten their grip on a Champions League place. After Jamie Carragher made a bold claim at the start of the season though, he may be hoping that isn't the case. Arsenal can strengthen their grip on the top four with a win over Manchester United on Saturday, and it could leave Jamie Carragher's previous claim under threat as the Red Devils continue to crumble. The Gunners made their worst ever start to a Premier League season as they were rock bottom after the first three games, but United made a bright start, and looked like potential title contenders. However, their form quickly plummeted as Arsenal's improved, and now United are on the brink of having nothing to play for after a woeful season. Arsenal can still make the Champions League, and they're very much amidst a rebuild under Arteta. And Carragher's claim that "United will always be a bigger club than Arsenal" is under slight threat.  JUST IN: Ian Wright's humbling message to Premier League Hall of Fame induction Both United and Arsenal are two of the biggest teams in the world, let alone England, but both share the same unfortunate tale of falling heavily off their perch. The rivals were battling one another for the Premier League title at the start of the millennium, but are now struggling for European places. United's success lasted longer than Arsenal's, granted. But the Gunners look like they've started to gather momentum quicker than their long-term rivals, and they could be battling for trophies long before United get themselves back in the conversation. Carragher said on the Overlap back in October: "Manchester United will always be a bigger club than Arsenal, and they’re a better team right now." But his claim has backfired so far, unless United can cause an upset at the Emirates.  DON'T MISS...Man Utd assistant Chris Armas 'to leave'Man Utd stars have 'growing belief' about underperforming MaguireMan Utd star Cristiano Ronaldo sends heartfelt thanks to Liverpool United have depleted this season and have been thrashed by both Liverpool and Manchester City both home and away, whereas Arsenal proved how far they have come under Arteta with an improved result against the two leaders in their return fixtures. City needed a late Rodri goal to win at the Emirates in January, and Liverpool only edged a 2-0 earlier this year. The Red Devils have been boosted by the announcement that Erik ten Hag will become manager in the summer, but their new boss is still yet to meet the players. And it's already been quoted that he will need a significant amount of time to turn things around. The arrival of Ten Hag is exciting, and it's potentially a daunting prospect for some of their rivals. But United's rebuild hasn't even begun, and they're still treading water from ten years ago when Sir Alex Ferguson left.  Arsenal were also rocked when the legendary Arsene Wenger departed, but Arteta seems to have shaken off some demons since then, and his young, exciting squad look like they're on the right path to make something happen. And if they beat United and get back into the Champions League, it will be a huge sign of their progression. The Gunners may have lost against United earlier in the season, as Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 800th goal in a 3-2 win, but it was United's first win in seven matches against Arsenal. United are known to have dominated Arsenal in recent years, but their present record again shows that there may have been a shift. On top of that, Arsenal are unbeaten against United in their last three home matches, winning two, and conceding none. They've never kept four consecutive clean sheets at home against the Red Devils, so if they can achieve that feat, it will prove that the tides are changing.  United have always been known for their firepower, but this season it's proved that if Ronaldo doesn't score, no one knows where the goals will come from. Ronaldo was meant to be the dream short-term option to a bigger problem, but the fact that they haven't won a game that he hasn't started in, shows how deep the cracks really are. Arsenal on the other hand have a different issue, as they can score with ease, it's just defensively that they're struggling. But of they can shrug off their leaky defence and take control, it could be the making of them. It's a must-win for both sides with so much at stake, but if Arsenal can win and ultimately get back into the Champions League off the back of it, it will be a huge statement. And securing fourth will only accelerate their progression under Arteta, and help them buy the striker that they need in the summer. 