Manchester United supporters on Twitter have managed to get 'buy Manchester United' trending on the social media platform in the UK by begging Elon Musk to buy the club from the Glazers. The 50-year-old, who is the world's richest person, recently struck a lucrative £35bn deal to buy the app and Musk has now teased that Coca-Cola is next on his hit-list... It's prompted United fans to call for him to buy their club, as they seemingly see a change of ownership as their route back to the top. James Melville (@JamesMelville) tweeted Musk: "Can you also buy Manchester United FC and put a decent team back in?" Another (@Yungtambi1) wrote: "@elonmusk could you please buy Manchester United football club? top club turned to shambles, we’d need someone like you who actually cares about how well a business is doing." A third (@_Indianbeast6) said: "Dear Mr.Elon Musk, can you please buy Manchester United? Our owners right now are frauds and are ruining this great football club. #pleasesaveus" READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims One fan (@MatsRmufc) even started a petition on change.org, writing: "Elon Musk please buy Manchester United! - Sign the Petition!" It has previously been claimed that the Glazers would seek around £4billion to hand over the keys to Old Trafford. The Glazers are already understood to have previously rejected a £1.5bn offer from a Saudi consortium. Last October, the Americans decided to place up to £137m's worth of their shares up for sale. READ MOREJurgen Klopp claims Anthony Gordon 'lucky' not to get sent off in Liverpool win vs EvertonErik ten Hag 'in love' with Darwin Nunez and 'personally requests' Man Utd transfer dealArsenal forced into transfer rethink after target Tino Livramento suffers 'serious injury'  Anti-Glazer protests have taken place as recently as last week when around 1000 people forced the club's megastore to close ahead of the 3-2 home win over Norwich. The demonstration was organised by a group called 'The 1958' and saw a number of United fans descend on the stadium's Munich tunnel, where the protest was brought to a standstill. Meanwhile, Musk, who has 87m followers on Twitter, has been teasing about his next investment. He tweeted "Listen, I can't do miracles ok," in response to a fake tweet that read: "Now I'm going to buy McDonald's and fix all of the ice cream machines." Musk also recently lost a bid to get out of an agreement that requires regulation of his tweets about his car firm, Tesla. It comes after he recently posted that he'd "funding secured" to make Tesla private further down the line. He also intends to make Twitter an environment that promotes free speech. "Free speech is essential to a functioning democracy," Musk tweeted.