Manchester United's horrific season could be reignited if they beat Norwich on Saturday ahead of a huge set of fixtures against Liverpool and Arsenal next week. Currently six points behind Tottenham in fourth, they could close the gap with a win over the league's whipping boys - although they know it will not be easy with Norwich resurgent after victory over Burnley last weekend. Express Sport takes a look at their expected XI.  Goalkeeper: De Gea David de Gea continues to divide opinion at Old Trafford. Many believe he is one of the league's best goalkeepers - and has been since he joined the Red Devils. But there are others who think United should sell the Spaniard thanks to his poor distribution if they are to become a modern side. Nonetheless, he is still regarded as United's best goalkeeper ahead of Dean Henderson and Tom Heaton. And he is bound to start against Norwich to keep up his record of being an ever-present in the Premier League so far this season. Defence: Wan-Bissaka, Maguire, Lindelof, Telles Luke Shaw continues to be out with a leg injury, and faces yet another month on the sidelines. That means Alex Telles will be preferred at left-back, with Shaw unlikely to be back for the rest of the season. READ MORE: Man Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal  Elsewhere, Raphael Varane will be out of contention, meaning victor Lindelof and Harry Maguire are likely to start at the heart of defence. And Aaron Wan-Bissaka will complete the four as United aim to keep a clean sheet against the division's basement side. Midfield: Pogba, Matic, Fernandes Fred started the tie against Everton, but went off after half an hour due to injury. Alongside Scott McTominay, the two will not play any part when Dean Smith's men come to town. That leaves Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba as the two senior central midfielders, with Pogba's attacking prowess likely to be called upon against the Canaries. And with Bruno Fernandes in front of him, the Red Devils should have enough to constantly pile the pressure on Dean Smith's men. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal  Attack: Elanga, Ronaldo, Sancho Anthony Elanga has been one of United's only shining lights this season, with the Swede picking up four goals in 22 games for Rangnick's men this season. He will start ahead of Marcus Rashford, who is one of the many failures of United's season so far. Cristiano Ronaldo will look to replicate the form he produced on his last outing at Old Trafford when he scored a hat-trick against Tottenham. And they will be joined by Jadon Sancho, who has impressed and made the wing slot his own this season.