Dan Walker, 45, announced earlier this afternoon that he will be leaving BBC Breakfast as a presenter to move over to 5 News on Channel 5. His co-presenter Sally Nugent, 50, has taken to Twitter to react to the sad news, while wishing her former colleague the best. In response to Dan's retweet of Channel 5's announcement, Sally shared a statement in view of her 143,500 followers. She penned: "We’re not just colleagues but we’re friends too. "Dan is simply brilliant to sit next to. I will miss him. Go and be fabulous." Dan emotionally replied: "You'll set me off. See you in the morning, partner." The former BBC Breakfast presenter issued a statement about his career move, stating: “I can't wait to get stuck into the daily news show, but I am also excited about making some great new TV for Channel 5. "I love their ideas and creativity and it’s rare to get an opportunity like this where paths and ambitions meet. "The chance to do something different was too good to turn down.” Many social media users also took to the post's comments to share their heartbreak over Dan's departure. JWalm61 said: "Congratulations but really sorry to see you leave BBC Breakfast." Dan replied: "I’m sad too Jane but also excited about a new challenge." Former colleague Jane Dougall also penned: "Wow! What a shock! The few times we've shared the sofa on @BBCBreakfast have been a joy. DON'T MISS... Kelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home [INSIGHT] Chris Rock's brother hits out at Will Smith again over Oscars slap [OPINION] Doja Cat puts on a provocative display in sheer skirt at GRAMMYs [GRAMMYS] "Watching the master at work! You'll be a huge loss to the BBC, but wishing you the best in your new role." BBC Breakfast's editor Richard Frediani tweeted: "Dan Walker has been a brilliant Presenter on #BBCBreakfast for more than 6 years. "From Tony’s flypast and highlighting loneliness with Terrence to special programmes including live from No 10. "Thanks for your time on the red sofa and your friendship to all on and off screen." Dan shared in a heartfelt reply: "I love everything about #BBCbreakfast from the boss to everyone who works on the show. "It’s been an amazing 6 years with an incredible team. It was a big decision to leave but I’m also so excited about a new challenge. Thanks for all the lovely comments." Dan will be joining Claudia-Liza Vanderpuije, who co-presents 5 News, which is produced by ITN. He first started working on BBC Breakfast in 2016 after fronting Football Focus.