Future retirees may want to check their National Insurance record as this could dictate how much state pension they get. The new state pension is based on people’s National Insurance record when they reach state pension age. Those who will receive the new state pension, which is anyone who reaches state pension age on or after April 6, 2016, usually need to have 10 qualifying years on their National Insurance record to get any new state pension whatsoever. To get the full new state pension, they usually need 35 qualifying years on their record. Some people may still not be able to get the full new state pension if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. The full new state pension is currently valued at £179.60 a week. This will rise to £185.15 from April 11, 2022. READ MORE: ‘I’m in awe of you’ - Dragons’ Den cast ‘emotional’ after heartfelt pitch for £60,000 The full basic state pension is worth £137.60 a year. From April 11, 2022, this will increase to £141.85. Up to 30 qualifying years may be needed to get the full basic state pension. Qualifying years for National Insurance are commonly earned through working. Those who are employed and earning over £184 a week from one employer should pay National Insurance and get a qualifying year. DON'T MISSState pension warning: Britons urged to check record to ensure they get full sum [WARNING]State pension to rise by £700 as triple lock is BACK - now pensioners must fight for it [STATE PENSION]State pension increase: Grandparents could boost their sum by up to £2,340 [INSIGHT] Self-employed people who pay National Insurance contributions should also earn qualifying years. Those who do not work may be able to get National Insurance credits if they claim certain benefits. This could improve their record and entitle them to more state pension. Britons may get National Insurance credits if they claim: Alternatively, people may be able to pay voluntary contributions to earn more qualifying years and potentially increase their state pension entitlement in the process. Britons can request a National Insurance statement to get more detailed information about their record. When filling out the form, someone must provide: The statement will only provide information on tax years that ended more than 12 months ago in the statement. Users will then be asked to provide personal information, such as their: