Chris Beasley, from the home insurance company Smart Cover, has revealed how to organise your fridge to make your food last longer. Chris said the first step in making your fridge work smarter is to commit to being organised with where everything goes. He explained: “It may sound obvious but having a system when it comes to unloading your shopping is really effective. “Being organised means you know where to find things and are less likely to have food that you’ve forgotten about languishing at the back of your fridge. “This means less food waste which is good for the environment and it’s better for your pocket because you’re not buying things you already have." READ MORE: Aldi shoppers praised £7 face cream for 'youthful' results  Chris continued: “Another rule of thumb is to avoid overfilling your fridge. "Stacking stuff on top of each other will prevent air circulating between your goods and cold air getting everywhere that it needs to. "This means your fridge has to work harder and your food will go off quicker.” He revealed the best spot for each product and shared the reason why fruit and vegetables have their own drawers.  Chris said: “All fridges have warmer and colder sections because different foods actually store better at different temperatures. “Meat and fish produce needs to be kept cold so you want it to be stored in the chilliest section of your fridge. You can use a thermometer to check this. “Most people will find the coldest area is in the back of the fridge because when you open the door the warmer air hits the front first. “Fruit and veg should be stored in their dedicated compartments because this part of the fridge isn’t as dry as the rest, meaning it should keep everything fresher for longer.” Mr Beasley said eggs store best at consistent temperatures, "which is why you might find they keep better on the top or middle shelf of your fridge”. Leftovers need to be stored in a particular way to ensure they don’t spoil other items in the fridge. Chris explained: “If you have cooked food that is suitable to store as leftovers, make sure you leave it to properly cool down beforehand. “If you put hot or warm food in the fridge before it’s properly cooled this will increase the temperature in the rest of the fridge and could lead to other items spoiling quicker.” Most people store their milk in the door of the fridge, but this might not be the best place to ensure it keeps fresh for longer, the expert warned. He explained: “Door compartments are actually warmer than the rest of the fridge. If you find your milk isn’t lasting very long, try storing it in the main storage area instead. “Condiments and sauces tend to have a longer shelf life and don’t need to be stored at a specific temperature in the fridge, so they will usually last okay in the door or on the top shelf. “The same goes for bottled drinks. It makes them easier to store and more convenient to reach if they are in the door, too.”