Manchester United interim head coach Ralf Rangnick has ‘very limited say’ on who the club’s next boss will be, according to reports. Erik ten Hag is currently the strong favourite to take the role but the Red Devils continue to consider other options. Former Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino is one of those, with Paris Saint-Germain reportedly not fussed about any potential departure for the Argentine. United are widely believed to be holding a second round of interviews this week as they consider their options. However, interim boss Rangnick has reportedly been shunned from those discussions. That is despite the German being expected to take on a consultancy role within the Old Trafford hierarchy when he steps aside at the end of the campaign. The 63-year-old was appointed following the dismissal of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in November and it was agreed that he would move into the club’s complex structure once the season has drawn to a conclusion. But a difficult run of form has placed Rangnick’s future in doubt.   JUST IN: Chelsea fans warned of conduct by Courtois ahead of Madrid clash And according to The National, the former Red Bull director of football will have limited say on who his replacement will be. He has been told to focus on ensuring United finish the season in the best possible form. Rangnick’s reign has been littered with disappointing results, below-par performances and public falling-outs with his players. United crashed out of the Champions League prior to the international break and face a huge battle if they are to finish in the Premier League’s top four. The 20-times English champions are seventh in the top-flight. Bar an incredible improvement in results, it seems as though fourth place will go to either Arsenal or Tottenham.   DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan involved in Spanish exchange with ex-Arsenal ace CeballosEgypt minister joins 3 others in calling for Salah to leave LiverpoolEverton slammed for 'rookie manager' Frank Lampard's 'chaotic' tactics Despite not having a strong say on who should be the next head coach, Rangnick has made it clear what United need to do in the summer transfer window to give the new man the best chance of success. He believes his squad needs to be more physical, saying after Saturday’s 1-1 draw with Leicester: “I don’t think we have a lack of character but what was obvious in some parts of the game is that we were second best with regards to physicality. It was about one on one duels. “We spoke about that counter-attacking moment we had ourselves where they tackled us twice, within two seconds [and went on to score] and the same was true in quite a few other moments. “Whenever there was body contact, we were too often we were second best. This is something we have to get better at for the rest of this season but even more so for the next season.”