Snooker professional Ronnie O'Sullivan and his ex-fiance Laila Rouass are reportedly "giving things another go" following their split two months ago. Former Holby City actress Laila sparked a frenzy among fans after she was spotted with her engagement ring firmly back on as an insider has claimed that the "love is still there" between the couple. A source close to the couple has claimed that the pair are giving things another go after deciding to go separate ways earlier in the year. The insider said: "The love is still there. "It seems like they are giving things another go." They went on to claim that there is still "a lot of love" between Ronnie and Laila. READ MORE: Helen Skelton announces heartbreaking split from husband Richie Myler "Nothing is ever straightforward when it comes to Ronnie but there’s a lot of love there," they told The Mirror. It comes after Laila addressed the split in her first TV appearance since their break up. Appearing on Steph’s Packed Lunch, Laila addressed how she is feeling through the transition and assured viewers she was going to "get through it". Laila insisted it could be a "good process" and not necessarily a bad one. Steph asked how she was feeling, and she replied: "I'm fine, I've just been manifesting, using self-compassion practices, and you just get through it. "It can be a good process." Back in February, Laila announced the sad news they had split up in a statement on social media. "After nearly ten years of love and memories, Ronnie & I have parted ways,” it read. DON'T MISS... Karen Hauer and Luba Mushtuk stun in bikinis as they shower together [INSIGHT]Johnny Depp doodles as police give evidence on final row with Amber [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Meghan and Harry for 'exploiting Invictus Games' [UPDATE] "Peace & love to you all Laila X". The couple had met in 2012 when Laila was house hunting. "It happened by accident. I was shown around Ronnie’s house by his father, who told his son about meeting me,” Laila told The Mirror. "Ronnie called the estate agent, a friend of mine, and asked me out via her. "When she said he was a snooker player, I said, ‘Yeah, but what does he do for a living?’ I’d never heard of him because sport doesn’t interest me at all, although Ronnie’s won me over to snooker." After just one year of dating, Laila and Ronnie were soon engaged, but they never made it down the aisle. Laila also reflected on breakups on Instagram, saying they don't "have to be a sad time." “Using self-compassion & manifesting a new life without someone you love can still lead you to a place of joy," she penned. Express.co.uk has contacted Ronnie O'Sullivan's and Laila Rouass' representatives for comment.