Paul Newman is one of Hollywood’s most celebrated names, having delighted generations of film fans with his iconic performances. The star had been nominated for 10 Oscars by the time he won his first Academy Award for Best Actor for ‘The Color of Money’ in 1986. Newman’s ravishing good looks were on show in classic pictures such as ‘Cool Hand Luke’ and ‘Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid’. It is no surprise then that the actor’s second wife Joanne Woodward, the earliest surviving Academy Award winner, was instantly enamoured by him. Joanne once opened up about their first meeting back in 1953 as Newman made his Broadway debut in the play ‘Picnic’. The couple took part in a joint interview on US talk show ‘Today’ in 2002, offering an insight into their relationship. Joanne joked about how it was “disgusting” that on a sweltering summer’s day she was sweating while Newman looked as cool as ever. She said: “It was a hot August day and I had been out making the rounds. It was hot and I was sweaty. JUST IN: Naga Munchetty admits struggle behind-scenes as she urges BBC colleague to 'ask for help' “In those days you had to wear your high heels and your gloves and everything. “And I went into my agent’s office because it had air conditioning and I was sitting out talking to a friend of mine who was the receptionist. “What looked like an ad for an ice cream soda – there was Paul in a seersucker suit, which looked so pristine and his shirt. “No sweat, big blue eyes, lots of curly hair and everything and I thought, ‘urgh, that’s disgusting’.” Newman appeared stony-faced as his wife shared the anecdote, but then smiled as he saw the funny side. He explained: “I had one suit that I washed every night and ironed. “I had one blue shirt, a black tie and one pair of shoes and that was it.” The couple’s chance encounter came while Newman was still married to his first wife Jackie Witte, with whom he had three children. After the actor’s divorce with his first wife was finalised, he and Joanne tied the knot in Las Vegas in January 1958. Following the nuptials, the newlyweds flew to England to enjoy their honeymoon at London’s Connaught Hotel. DON'T MISS: Strictly's Karen Hauer and 'wifey' Luba Mushtuk stun in bikinis as they shower together [LATEST]Steve Coogan BACKS Scottish independence calling it a 'kick in pants to little Englanders' [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew be stripped of York dukedom after losing Freedom of City? [ANALYSIS] Their union lasted an incredible 50 years, cementing them as one of Hollywood’s golden couples. Newman and Joanne’s romance was cut short in 2008 when he died from lung cancer aged 83. Joanne shed some light on the couple’s longevity during her and Newman’s ‘Today’ interview. She said: “Somebody once said, ‘What is your relationship based on?’ “I said, he is very good looking and very sexy and all of those things. “But all that goes out the window finally. “And what finally is left is if you can make somebody laugh. “Then that is very important. And he sure does keep me laughing.”