As exciting as the warm temperatures may be, it is vital that drivers do not take their feet off the break when it comes to road safety, experts have warned. With the temperatures increasing and all Covid restrictions lifted, British motorists are now more likely than ever to receive fines for breaking the law. While most Brits enjoy the sunshine, it can also bring something many people dread every year - high pollen counts. The Met Office has forecasted warmer and brighter weather across England and Wales in the coming days. However, they also warned of high levels of tree pollen on the way. According to the Met Office, most hay fever sufferers are allergic to grass pollen which starts to rise in mid-May. READ MORE: Speeding offences named as the most common car crime And for some, it can cause huge issues, especially drivers. It is believed that hay fever affects around three in 10 people in the UK. With the warmer weather forecasted over the Easter weekend and more than 21.5 million car trips expected to be made from Friday until Sunday, the pollen could spell a recipe for disaster. According to motoring experts at Peter Vardy, drivers could be given fines of £1,000 if they are caught behind the wheel if suffering from severe symptoms of hay fever. DON'T MISS More than 3,000 fixed speed cameras installed on UK roads [REVEAL] Taxi drivers hit out at ‘draconian’ penalty points proposal [INSIGHT] Passer-by left shocked after wheelie bins blocked parking spaces [SHOCKING] This is because drivers experiencing intense pollen allergy symptoms could be charged with "failure to have proper control of the vehicle and a full view of the road". Craig Forbes, motoring expert at Peter Vardy, says: "Drivers must take responsibility for assessing their own fitness to drive when experiencing symptoms. “There are ways to minimise symptoms of hay fever during spring, but if your eyes are extremely watery and you feel unwell, your driving could be impaired and you may wish to consider alternative travel in order to avoid a fine." Many hay fever sufferers will use medication, such as antihistamines to prevent the relentless sneezing and watering eyes. And as innocent as that may seem, it’s important to know that this could make drivers drowsy and impact their ability to drive. Driving under the influence of any drug, including any prescription or over-the-counter medications, is illegal if it the driver’s abilities. A conviction for drug-driving carries a minimum of a one-year driving ban and an unlimited fine, whilst the worst offences can carry a six-month jail sentence. Amy Josling, Car and Scrappage expert from National Scrap Car, said: “The regulations are always changing for drivers so it’s important to keep up to date, and with petrol costs continuing to rise in the UK along with the cost of living increases, the last thing anyone needs right now is to be lumped with a huge fine - if it can be avoided.” Ms Josling continued: “This warm weather has put a smile on everyone’s face and people will want to make the most of it by jumping in the car and planning fun trips away. “But as temperatures start to rise, it’s important to be aware of the latest rules and laws that could find drivers in a lot of trouble. “Being safe on the road is key to having a fun time this summer and the police will be clamping down on motorists to avoid as many accidents as possible when the roads are busy.” The motoring experts have also provided tips on how drivers can make hay fever manageable while driving without breaking any laws. They urged motorists to plan their journeys around the pollen forecast and use essential oils on air fresheners. Lavender, peppermint, and eucalyptus all have anti-inflammatory properties and can unblock stuffy noses naturally. Drivers were also told to take non-drowsy allergy medication, clean their cars, keep car windows closed, and avoid rural areas.