The monarch was pictured leaving Windsor Castle in a Range Rover, before travelling by helicopter to Sandringham for her 96th birthday. It is thought the Queen will spend her birthday, taking place tomorrow, at the Duke of Edinburgh's cottage, Wood Farm. The cottage is located on her Norfolk estate.  A royal source said the monarch is making the move so she can be "as close as possible to her late husband". She has previously said that Prince Philip "loved" the property because the "sea was so close". She has reportedly been suffering from some mobility issues in recent months. In February, the Queen alluded to having mobility issues during an audience with incoming Defence Services Secretary Major General Eldon Millar at Windsor Castle.   In a clip of the meeting, the Queen can be heard saying: "Well, as you can see, I can't move", gesturing to her leg. The helicopter would allow the 95-year-old monarch to travel much more quickly between her two residences. The Queen was last seen in public on March 29 at a memorial service held to honour her late husband, after he died in lockdown last year. Speaking to the Mirror, the source said: "The Queen decided very recently that on her birthday she wanted to be as close as possible to her late husband and in an environment that was very close to both of their hearts. DON'T MISS: 'Harry's expression says it all!' Sussexes body language analysed [ANALYSIS] Kate dazzles as Duchess arrives at Easter Sunday service with William [PICTURES] Meghan and Harry's meeting with Queen could be used in Netflix series [REVEAL] "Sandringham holds so many special memories for the Queen and Prince Philip as well as the rest of the royal family. "It’s certainly a positive step that Her Majesty is feeling well enough and rested to enjoy her upcoming mini-break which she thoroughly deserves to celebrate her birthday." The Duke of Edinburgh retired to Wood Farm after he stepped back from royal life in 2017. He transformed the Sandringham estate into an organic farm, reportedly taking great pride in managing the grounds until it was taken over by Prince Charles.  It is not known whether other members of the Royal Family will be joining the Queen at Sandringham for a private celebration this weekend. The "mini-break" comes after the Queen was forced to skip multiple royal engagements in recent weeks. She cancelled her attendance at the Maundy Thursday Service last week, with Prince Charles attending in her place. The monarch was also unable to attend the Easter Sunday service at St. George's Chapel, within the grounds of her home at Windsor. It is the first time in more than half a century that the Queen has missed either event.