But the Conservatives are expected to suffer some heavy defeats on May 5, losing 800 seats across the nation. If correct, this would mean a five per cent swing to Labour and enough to put Sir Keir Starmer in Downing Street at the next general election. Labour would be the largest party in Parliament but 15 seats short of an overall majority.  It was suggested such a result would be disappointing for the Tories but not catastrophic. If there is not huge backlash from voters over Covid rule-breaking in Downing Street, it would help Mr Johnson shore up his position as Prime Minister ahead of the next general election. Martin Baxter, CEO of Electoral Calculus, said: "If the actual results are similar to our predictions, then Boris Johnson will be spared new backbench pressure to unseat him. "Although the Conservatives will lose some ground, it doesn't look like a catastrophic defeat, and that is a good result for them after their poor poll ratings post-Partygate." More than 5,000 council seats are being contested in 197 councils across Britain - mainly in Labour-held areas. Electoral Calculus and Find Out Now polled 12,115 residents of 201 district and unitary councils between April 4 and 8, after many Partygate revelations but before Mr Johnson was fined.  The study predicted the Tories would drop 810 seats in England and Wales, from 1,965 to 1,155, compared to their performance the last time the seats were up for grabs in 2017/18. Labour would gain 835 seats, rising from 2,887 to 3,722. The Lib Dems would lose 13, Plaid Cymru gain 64, while other parties or independents would lose 75. It projects the Tories could lose key councils including Thurrock, Barnet, Harlow and Wandsworth in London and the South-east. A Tory loss of Wandsworth to Labour would prove a seismic result, as the London borough was Margaret Thatcher's favourite and has been a flagship Conservative council for more than 40 years. It was the first to introduce Mrs Thatcher's right-to-buy scheme for council house tenants. Although the Tories are set to lose 800 councillors, only a few councils may slip from their grasp. They could even gain some such as Elmbridge, Havering, Pendle, Vale of Glamorgan andWorcester, the study found. Nick Fox, of Find Out Now, said: "We're expecting the results to confirm the headway that Keir Starmer has been making in the polls. "Whether this is the end of the Partygate scandal or we are seeing its effects temporarily diffused by the conflict in Ukraine remains to be seen." 