Manchester United have allegedly decided against appointing Mauricio Pochettino as their new manager due to concerns over his lack of achievements and 'confusion' over his efforts at Paris Saint-Germain. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick's contract is set to expire in the summer, with the German to take up a technical director role at Old Trafford come the end of the season.  A new man is therefore to be brought in, with Pochettino and Erik ten Hag being billed as the top replacements by the media. But the Dutchman has reportedly moved ahead of his counterpart in the race for the hot seat - with the former being overlooked for three reasons, according to reports. Pochettino has been linked with United for a number of years, with the Argentine's superb exploits with Tottenham putting his name on the map. He took the north London outfit from a Europa League side to arguably the best team in the Premier League for a couple of years, although he failed to win a trophy in his time at White Hart Lane. After Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked by United in November, rumours once again linked Pochettino with a move to the north west despite being in charge at French giants Paris Saint-Germain. But instead it now appears Ten Hag is the favourite for the role, having reportedly 'agreed' a deal with United verbally. And Spanish reporter Guillem Balague has told the BBC three reasons as to why Pochettino was not chosen as the number one candidate, with CEO Richard Arnold seeking opinions from his staff on who the new boss should be. READ MORE: Man Utd target Milinkovic-Savic 'destined to leave' Lazio this summer  The report states that the majority of the decision makers at United had favoured Pochettino as their choice to replace Rangnick at the end of the current campaign. It is thought they had commended his tactics, development of players and how he has represented Southampton, Tottenham and PSG in the past. However, others considered his achievements to be insufficient - something Arnold was notified of. In the end, the United's owners the Glazers were more impressed by Ajax manager Ten Hag's CV after being confused by what Pochettino had actually achieved at PSG. And it appears a move is edging closer and closer due to these factors, with Pochettino being overlooked. And Ten Hag's prowess is set to outshine that of Pochettino, with the Ajax boss set to take the reins in the summer. The 52-year-old reportedly verbally agreed to become United boss earlier this week, with huge changes needed in the playing staff at Old Trafford.  And Rangnick remained coy on who the new manager would be, although he named Ten Hag as a 'top coach' as rumours continue to intensify. “I know all of the managers with whom the club have so far spoken to are top managers and top coaches," he said ahead of their 1-0 loss at Everton last weekend. "If this includes Erik ten Hag, it is also true with him. That’s all that I can say at this stage, for me, it is all about preparing for the team for tomorrow’s game and hopefully three points.” United failed to take all three points, and currently sit six points off the top four with just seven games left in the season.