Jamie Carragher believes Manchester City would have a massive advantage in the Premier League title race should they suffer a Champions League exit to Atletico Madrid this week. Pep Guardiola's side carry a one-goal lead into Wednesday's second leg in the Spanish capital, however former Liverpool defender Carragher believes the outcome of that match could have a significant impact on who wins the Premier League this season. Kevin De Bruyne's strike at the Etihad last Tuesday proved to be the difference in a first leg which City dominated as Atletico failed to register a single shot on target. In contrast, Liverpool ran out 3-1 winners over Benfica in Lisbon in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final to put themselves in a commanding position ahead of this week's Anfield return. However, while Carragher believes his former side have all-but secured their passage to the competition's semi-finals, he believes City will face a tough test in Spain this week. In fact, the ex-defender admitted Guardiola's side could crash out of the Champions League, though that may significantly benefit their hopes of defending their Premier League crown. Carragher told Sky Sports: "I think that game on Wednesday [vs Atletico] will be tougher than some people think. It’ll be really tough, it’ll be a good atmosphere. JUST IN: Man Utd 'have approached Everton for Richarlison' but face competition "Liverpool are virtually already in the semi-final so you know those midweeks are done. I think if City went out, it’ll be a massive advantage for them in the league, it’ll be huge." The victorious side from Liverpool's quarter-final clash with Benfica will face either Villarreal or Bayern Munich at the semi-final stage, with the two legs set to take place in the final week of April and the first week of May. Both Liverpool and City face incredibly congested calendars over the remaining weeks of the season, but a Champions League exit would change that. DON'T MISSTottenham boss Antonio Conte hints at transfer plans involving Harry Kane [QUOTES]Erik ten Hag 'wants to take trusted Ajax coach with him to Man Utd' after Rangnick warning [REPORT]Arsenal signing Hazard could force Arteta to fast-track plan and save millions [OPINION] Should City exit Europe, they wouldn't face the distraction of midweek commitments and could focus solely on retaining their Premier League crown. However, should they overcome Atletico, either Real Madrid or Chelsea await in the last four. City remain a point ahead of Liverpool at the Premier League's summit following the two side's exhilarating 2-2 draw at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. The pair will lock horns again next Saturday as they head to Wembley for an FA Cup semi-final encounter, where, unlikely the Etihad epic, one side is guaranteed to emerge victorious.