The Masters Champions Dinner is one of sport’s most exclusive events. The dinner makes up part of the aura of Augusta, further embedding a sense of tradition and history that no other golf tournaments on the calendar can compete with. The classy meal occurs on the Tuesday night before the anticipated Masters each year, with many of the great stars of the sport sitting down to celebrate the beginning of the first major of the season. The defending champion traditionally selects the menu and serves as host for the exclusive dinner. After securing the green jacket with a sensational performance last season, Hideki Matsuyama was the host last night. The 30-year-old paid homage to his native Japan by serving three courses of the best food from his homeland, beginning with assorted sushi and sashimi. The champions then tucked into miso glazed black cod with dashi broth - a concoction of water, kombu and bonito fish flakes. The central dish is A5-graded wagyu beef ribeye steak served with mushrooms and vegetables as well as sansho daikon ponzu, which is a citrus dressing made up of pepper and radish. The meal was capped off by a Japanese strawberry shortcake, which uses Amaou strawberries grown in the Fukuoka region. Matsuyama’s menu sounds frankly amazing, but lets check out some of the wildest choices since the tradition began in 1952: READ MORE: Tiger Woods' Masters Thursday tee time confirmed Bernhard Langer - 1986 After claiming the first of his two green jackets, Langer became one of the first golfers to truly customise his meal with a sense of culture from his home country of Germany. Langer chose wiener schnitzel (breaded veal) and Black Forest cake as his meals. Sandy Lyle - 1989 Following his only Masters title, the Scot decided to wear a kilt and truly introduce his colleagues to Scottish cuisine by serving Haggis. Lyle said: “That seemed to make quite a statement. The older guys, like [Jack] Nicklaus, had been to Scotland and knew what haggis was. But the newer ones, guys like Lar­ry Mize, they weren't too sure about that.” Tiger Woods - 1998 Woods was just 22 years of age when he hosted his first Champions Dinner, which may explain his choice of food. Woods opted for cheeseburgers, fries and milkshakes which legends such as Jack Nicklaus and Arnold Palmer tucked into. Mike Weir - 2004 As the only Canadian to ever win the Masters, Weir certainly had to ensure his fellow champions feasted on his native food. He served up elk and wild boar along with local beers, while also offering fried chicken and filet mignon for those who wanted to steer clear of the rogue meat. DON'T MISSTiger Woods confident he can win The MastersTiger Woods confirm he's set to play Masters 14 months after car crashWho is Tiger Woods' son Charlie and why is he at the Masters? Trevor Immelman - 2009 Immelman was inspired by his homeland of South Africa when he hosted his Champions Dinner. After claiming the Masters in 2008, the Cape Town-born star fed his colleagues bobotie - a minced meat pie dish with egg topping - along with a variety of local wines. Charl Schwartzel - 2012 Schwartzel celebrated his Masters triumph over Adam Scott by serving a selection of South African BBQ favourites. An opening course of shrimp, lobster and oysters was followed by braai - a traditional South African barbecue board - which is made up of lamb chops, steaks and local sausages. Schwartzel served vanilla ice cream sundae for dessert. Danny Willett - 2017 After Willett secured a stunning dramatic win at the 2016 Masters, the Englishman went traditional for his menu, serving mini cottage pies as starters. His main was, of course, a Sunday roast compiled of prime rib, roasted potatoes, vegetables and a Yorkshire pudding. For dessert, Willett served apple crumble with vanilla custard before offering his guests coffee and tea to go with English cheese and biscuits. Sergio Garcia - 2018 Upon finally winning the Masters, Garcia surprised his guests by treating them to an International salad to start, using ingredients chosen to represent the countries of past Masters champions. The Spaniard’s main course was ‘arroz caldoso de bogavante’, a traditional Spanish lobster rice. However, his dessert was the real star of the show. Garcia served ‘Angela Garcia’s tres leches cake’, with the dessert made from his wife’s recipe.