Next week, Princess Anne will visit Papua New Guinea in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The trip is one of four being undertaken by senior royals to mark the monarch’s monumental milestone. Her Majesty acts as Head of State for the Pacific country, which is one of the 54 Commonwealth nations. Earlier this year, Governor-General Grand Chief Sir Bob Dadae said in a statement: “We look forward to receiving Her Royal Highness Princess Anne.” Anne has long been admired for her work ethic and has carried out numerous royal engagements. A reader of The Times, Tim O'Donovan, recently revealed that Anne completed a staggering 387 official engagements in 2021, making her the busiest royal. While she is now a seasoned working royal, the princess has previously revealed that royal tours once triggered a “nightmare”. Speaking to TV legend Michael Parkinson, the Princess Royal described a “vivid” dream she had during her first major Royal Tour in 1970. The tour started in Fiji, came through Tonga and went onto New Zealand, where the family stayed for about a week. Anne and her older brother, Prince Charles, were in their early twenties at the time, and had just started their careers as working royals. The pair were allowed a couple of days' rest at a sheep station west of Christchurch, but on her first night off, the Princess Royal suffered from the nightmare. Recalling the dream a decade later in 1980, Anne said: “That night I found myself – I kept trying to wake myself up, because I was absolutely convinced that I was in the middle of a room full of people and that I was supposed to be talking to them, and actually what I was doing was lying down in this room full of people and I just couldn't get up to talk to them. “And eventually I woke myself up and it was two o’clock in the morning or something and I should have been fast asleep and enjoying myself. “It was a rather vivid sort of nightmare.” Anne explained that she had spent the previous days shaking hands, chatting and conducting royal walkabouts, which were a relatively new practice for the Royal Family. DON'T MISS:William's 'awkward laugh' gave royal feud away in throwback interview [INSIGHT]Prince Charles could welcome Meghan and Harry back into fold — expert [ANALYSIS]Kate and William's tour was not as 'seamless' as other royal visits [INTERVIEW] She said: “It was quite an experience.” The princess revealed that she received no training before embarking on the Royal Tour. She told Mr Parkinson: “There isn’t a school for royal touring. I’m afraid it comes with experience." She added: “Because you grow up with it so they rather think you know everything – and you don’t!” Anne has gained plenty of experience in the last 52 years as a dedicated working royal. Her upcoming trip will kick off on Saturday with a visit to Australia. The Queen’s only daughter will be guest of honour at the Sydney Royal Easter Show, which begins on Friday. In a statement released in February, organisers said: “Her Royal Highness is specifically coming to Australia in her role as Patron of the Royal Agricultural Society of the Commonwealth to open the 2022 Sydney Royal Easter Show where we celebrate our Bicentenary. “HRH also opened the 1988 Sydney Royal Show where we celebrated the nation’s bicentenary.” Anne will visit Australia from April 9-11, before heading to Papua New Guinea until April 13.