A Place In The Sun presenter Danni Menzies has revealed that she regularly experiences sexist comments due to being in the public eye. The 33-year-old beauty admitted she occasionally gives in to the temptation of "making trolls look stupid" by publicly blasting them for their insults. "I know I don't look like a hooker! She's making herself look like an idiot!" Danni defiantly declared in a new interview with Express.co.uk, reigniting a row she had with one particular A Place In The Sun viewer, who criticised her on-screen outfits last year. "Typically I just ignore [trolls, but] I might occasionally, if you catch me on a bad day, react to someone who needs putting in their place," she confessed. Branding them "keyboard warriors", she added: "You just have to pity them for taking such a huge interest in your life, because they've not got one of their own." It comes after the Scottish TV host fought back against criticism over a 2021 promotional photo taken for A Place In The Sun. READ NOW: Kaleb Cooper breaks silence on being branded a 'sell-out' Danni had been wearing a girly pink tulle dress cut to above her knee, prompting some Instagram users to cruelly claim that she was dressed like a "hooker". The star, who recently announced her departure from the show after six years, admitted of her reaction: "It's just a little bit of a vent, basically. Making someone look stupid! "When they've made a really silly comment and you manage to sort of shut them down, it makes you feel a little bit better. "[Sometimes] silence is better but I dunno... sometimes you've gotta set them straight!" She also warned that judging women for what they are wearing can create a dangerous culture. "When people say, 'she was asking for it because of what she was wearing', I think that's absolutely insane," she elaborated. "What you wear shouldn't mean that anyone can treat you in a certain way or behave a certain way around you." The star admitted that in her younger years, the type of male attention she received made her feel so uncomfortable that she was only content wearing "jeans and a T-shirt". DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress [PHOTOS] Melanie Clark Pullen dead: EastEnders' star dies aged 46 [LATEST] Insight into Brooklyn Beckham's star-studded brunch [INSIGHT] "I know a lot of young girls like my sister's friends who are sort of going against [sexism], just doing what they want and feeling more liberated than I would have done when I was younger," she explained. "But I hated anybody saying things to me or giving me attention, so I just wore jeans and a T-shirt." "Sadly [sexism] just happens," she lamented. "I don't know anyone who hasn't [experienced it]. "I think every single one of [my female friends], if you asked them, has had some sort of experience." Of course, showing prospective buyers around properties in sweltering Spanish heatwaves meant that sometimes the most comfortable option for Danni was to wear skirts and dresses. Blasting "bitter old [ladies]" who were against "someone showing skin", Danni has resolved that she will dress the way she chooses. Plus, even though she's decided to say goodbye to the show, it's not the end of her journey to many more places in the sun. "There's like 280-whatever Greek islands [and] I've been to about four or five of them," she pointed out. "When I'm not working, I'm planning on seeing much more of them!"