Research conducted by floor cleaning experts at Hizero discovered the "stains Britons find hardest to remove", based on search volume. Ranging from kitchen stains to those picked up in the garden, there were three in particular which left Britons scratching their heads. According to the research, blood, tea and grease are the three stains households find "hardest" to clean. However, David Watt, an expert at Hizero, revealed that the solution to cleaning these stubborn marks could be tucked away in your kitchen cupboard. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said that although cleaning stubborn stains can take "a lot of time, effort and elbow grease", there are some "easy" steps that can slash cleaning time. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks Mr Watt said: "While many people dread the idea of cleaning a bloodstain, they are actually a lot easier to remove than most people think. "To treat a bloodstain, simply soak a sponge in a mixture of one part hydrogen peroxide and two parts cold water and blot the affected area with the sponge." Hydrogen peroxide works well to clean stains because it is a bleaching agent - though a gentler form than standard bleach. DON'T MISS‘Sellers are in pole position’ Buyer demand remains ‘strong’ [COMMENT]Top regrets of new build homeowners - flooding gardens and no parking [REVEALED]Cleaner switches oven on for 10 minutes to remove grease [INSIGHT] Not only is it a powerful disinfectant, but the oxidising agents in hydrogen peroxide are also able to break down the pigmented components of chemical structures so that the stain becomes invisible. However, people should be careful when blotting the affected area using this solution. Mr Watt explained: "When doing this, be careful not to drag the sponge or apply too much pressure to avoid spreading the stain." Once complete, rinse the area with cold water and "repeat the process as many times as necessary until the blood stain fades". As the stereotype goes, the Great British public loves nothing more than a cup of tea, but according to search trend analysis, this often leads to an influx of stains. Luckily, there is one simple baking ingredient that Mr Watt hails as the "simplest" method to banish an unsightly stain. Mr Watt explained: “One of the most common household stains, tea stains can easily be removed using the simplest of techniques. "Wet the stain with cold water and then cover with a thin layer of baking soda." Baking soda, or bicarbonate of soda, is a leavening agent typically used in baking to help the likes of bread and muffins rise. However, it also has an array of cleaning uses around the home. As a base, baking soda dissolves organic compounds like dirt and grease. The powder is also rather absorbent, meaning it can help to soak up stains. Mr Watt said: "Leave the baking soda on the stained area for 10-15 minutes before wiping off with a cloth. "Repeat as many times as necessary until the stain has lifted." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Once again, baking soda is said to be an essential ingredient in banishing grease stains. Mr Watt said: "Another much-hated stain by homeowners, grease stains can often be difficult to remove. "A handy tip for these is to mix three tablespoons of baking soda with one cup of water, apply the solution to a sponge, and work against the stain until it lightens in colour." This process should be repeated as many times as necessary until the stain disappears. Mr Watts added: "If you are struggling to remove the stain, try a more abrasive scrubber, such as a nail brush.”