The Kardashians has just started airing on Hulu in the US and UK fans can catch up via Star on Disney Plus. Following the announcement that Keeping Up With The Kardashians was coming to an end, the personal lives of Kim Kardashian and the Kardashian–Jenner family are on show in a brand new format. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what day new episodes air. The new series shines a light on the Kardashians and their current and ex-partners. Their long-running reality show Keeping Up with the Kardashians ended in 2021 after 20 seasons. Fans of the famous family were then thrilled to hear they had signed a deal with Hulu. Internationally, the series airs on Disney+ with new episodes airing weekly. The first episode, titled Burn Them All to the F******g Ground, aired on April 14. READ MORE: The Kardashians spin-offs: What are all the KUWTK spin-off series? The upcoming episode, titled Did Somebody Tape That? is scheduled to air on Thursday, April 21. This means new episodes drop on Thursdays from midnight for fans in the US. The full episode schedule is as follows: Episode three – Thursday, April 28 Episode four – Thursday, May 5 Episode five – Thursday, May 12 Episode six – Thursday, May 19 Episode seven – Thursday, May 26 Episode eight – Thursday, June 2 Episode nine – Thursday, June 9 Episode 10 – Thursday, June 16 In the series premiere, Kim was invited to host Saturday Night Live. Meanwhile, Kourtney visited a fertility specialist. The series is made up of 10 episodes and there is some insight into what fans can expect from episode two. Khloé goes out on a trip with her mother to pick out a new rug and she learns an important lesson. She carries out the 'roll test' by using her body to check the rug can adequately roll. DON'T MISS... The Kardashians fans brand reboot 'weird' as they return without Rob [DISCUSSION] Kim Kardashian runs off Ellen set after being scared by a fake spider [VIDEO] Kim Kardashian sobbed after son Saint, 6, saw advert for her sex tape [INSIGHT] Khloé says in a preview: "My mum, she will get down and dirty and she will do a carpet roll test. "She’ll get down on her knees and I’m sure [will] do a handful of things, but you know, the roll test is definitely one of them." The official synopsis for the second episode reads: "As Kim rehearses for her Saturday Night Live hosting debut, her past continues to haunt her. "Khloé deals with her ongoing anxiety and the scrutiny of being in the public eye. "Meanwhile, things with Kourtney and Travis Barker are getting more serious." The timings for the new episodes released on Disney Plus are as follows: Pacific Time midnight Eastern Time 3am UK 8am France 9am Sydney, Australia 9pm  The Kardashians airs on Star via Disney Plus in the UK and on Hulu in the US. New episodes air on Thursdays.