Due to ongoing health issues, the monarch, who celebrated her 96th birthday yesterday, is unable to commit to any of the events planned to mark her 70th year on the throne in June.  However, aides have suggested a variety of measures which could be implemented to ensure Her Majesty’s presence, such as changing the route of her official car so it park directly outside the Queen’s stand.  This would ensure that the Queen only has a few yards to walk to get to her seat. It appears that palace officials will have to do whatever it takes, with one aide telling the Daily Mail: “She really is absolutely determined to attend.” The Cazoo Derby on Saturday, June 4, is part of the official national celebrations over the four-day Platinum jubilee weekend and has particular personal importance for the monarch. The prestigious flat race remains the only one of five ‘Classics’ the Queen is yet to win as a lifelong racehorse owner. READ MORE:Earl and Countess of Wessex's Queen Jubilee trip to Grenada cancelled  This is despite the fact that she finished second with Aureole in 1953 and third in 2011 with Carlton House, the last horse to contest the Derby in her colours. Her Majesty is patron of the Jockey Club and has had a highly impressive record of more than 1,800 winners globally, She has three contenders in this year’s race: Reach For The Moon, who was also bred at the Royal Stud in Sandringham, Educator and General Idea. Legendary Royal jockey Willie Carson, who rode the Queen’s filly Dunfermline to win two Classics – The Oaks at Epsom Downs and the St Leger – in 1977, told The Daily Mail it would be a “fairy-tale” for her to finally win the Derby in her Platinum Jubilee year in an interview at Epsom Downs on Tuesday. DON'T MISS:  William must 'temper' meeting with Sussexes after 'intentional damage' [REVEAL] 'Can see it all blow up in their face again' Harry and Meghan warned  [INSIGHT] Prince Charles ‘at end of tether’ with Prince Harry  [SPOTLIGHT]   He said: “You never know – him upstairs might just think it’s about time she had a Derby winner. “When you put those colours on... they are very, very famous colours in the racing fraternity... especially at Epsom, a jockey grows six inches. “It makes you feel important when you put those colours on. “Putting those colours on, you’re riding for Her Majesty the Queen, and the Queen is the most famous woman in the whole wide world, so you’re privileged. “You’re honoured. You want to be doing your best for her. “You’ve got to be careful what you say, because she’ll pick you up if you get it wrong. “And I know she’s now an old lady, but she’s sharp. Her mind is still very, very sharp and her breeding is right at the forefront of her brain.” The Jockey Club announced on Wednesday it will honour the Queen’s contribution to horse racing on Cazoo Derby Day by permanently renaming the building that houses the Royal box to the Queen Elizabeth II Stand. Her Majesty’s arrival at the race is due to be honoured by a guard of honour formed on the track featuring 40 retired and current jockeys who have ridden for the monarch. 