The Manchester United hierarchy have already discussed the possibility of signing Antonio Rudiger and Jurrien Timber for Erik ten Hag this summer, reports claim. A deal to bring the Ajax boss to Old Trafford is now believed to be on the verge of completion, with a view for a formal announcement that could arrive in just a matter of days following the conclusion of Sunday's KNVB Cup final against PSV Eindhoven. Ten Hag is expected to demand full control at United, where he wants a say on signings. But that hasn't stopped United from planning ahead and discussing some of the names they could target in the coming months... The Mail are reporting that United have talked about trying to lure both Rudiger and Timber to Old Trafford as part of Ten Hag's rebuild project. Rudiger is expected to leave Chelsea on a free transfer at the end of June when his current Blues deal expires. READ MORE: Man City goalkeeper Scott Carson 'offers out' Sime Vrsaljko in new Atletico tunnel clip The German is yet to sign with another club despite extensive talks between his reps and several European giants, including Real Madrid, Barcelona, Bayern Munich, Paris Saint-Germain and Juventus. Tottenham and Manchester City have also previously shown interest but a contract extension at Chelsea is still not completely off the table. Thomas Tuchel is desperate to keep his compatriot but knows it will be impossible without new owners in place. Meanwhile, Timber is a player that has been consistently linked with United in the wake of Ten Hag's interview with John Murtough and Darren Fletcher. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal The young Dutchman has been a revelation under Ten Hag and is quickly emerging as one of the brightest defensive prospects in Europe. While Ajax have been fully compliant with United's approach for Ten Hag, there is still a chance they could prohibit him from signing any of the current squad in his first summer with the Red Devils. Dutch football expert Marcel van der Kraan believes Ten Hag would approve of the signing of Timber, as well as his team-mate Antony. "Well I have to go back to those Ajax fans, who would be gutted to see Ten Hag leave," he told Sky Sports News. "But they would be even more gutted if he takes two of their best players, one is the defender Jurrien Timber, who has made his debut with the Dutch national team. "He has been excellent, rapidly developing, quick-thinker, quick on the ball, like very many Ajax players coming from their own academy. "Timber is a massive talent who he would like to take. The other is an expensive one, Antony the Brazilian forward who is lining up with Neymar with the national team." United's transfer budget is likely to hinge on a top-four finish, while the absence of Champions League football could also prove to be a challenge when convincing potential targets to join the club.