Novak Djokovic crashed out of the Monte Carlo Masters in what was his first match since February as he suffered a three-set defeat to world No 46 Alejandro Davidovich Fokina on Tuesday. It was the Serb’s earliest exit at the clay court Masters in six years and for the first time in the world No 1’s career, he suffered nine breaks of serve in a best-of-three set match. Djokovic returned to the tour in Monte Carlo after being unable to play Indian Wells and Miami over his unvaccinated status. It was just his second tournament of the year after the Dubai Championships, where he lost to qualifier Jiri Vesely in the quarter-finals. But the top seed’s rustiness proved detrimental as 22-year-old Davidovich Fokina managed to get the win of his career over the 20-time Major champion 6-3 6-7(5) 6-1 in just under three hours. The Spaniard attacked Djokovic’s serve as the world No 1 broke an unfortunate career record he won’t want to repeat, suffering the most breaks of his serve ever in a best-of-three match. The world No 46 managed to break his opponent nine times, holding 20 break points throughout the match. Every other match Djokovic has played and been broken nine times has come over best-of-five sets at Grand Slams, including against Rafael Nadal and Dominic Thiem at the French Open in 2012 and 2019 respectively. JUST IN: Nadal's French Open prep derailed as Spaniard yet to train on court  Following the world No 1’s defeat to Vesely in Dubai, the match also marked Djokovic’s first set of back-to-back defeats since the Tokyo Olympics last year, where he lost the semi-final to Alexander Zverev and the bronze medal playoff to Pablo Carreno Busta. With minimal match play in 2022, the 34-year-old admitted he suffered a physical “collapse” against his young opponent at the tournament held in his local Monte Carlo Country Club, with the Serb residing in the city with his family. "Physically I completely collapsed. I couldn't move any more. I didn't like the way I felt in the end. I need to talk with my team,” he explained after the match. "He was the better player. I was hanging on the ropes the entire match. I just ran out of gas completely. If you can't stay in the rally, not feeling your legs on the clay, it's mission impossible.'' DON'T MISSRaducanu shares two motivators ahead of clay-court debut in StuttgartNadal to skip Barcelona with injury throwing French Open into doubtRaducanu's training link up with coach Piatti explained ahead of clay   Djokovic’s lack of competition is a result of his unvaccinated status, which has left him unable to travel to the United States and saw him deported from Australia ahead of the Aussie Open. While his time away from the tour has been difficult, the 86-time title winner is now hoping to leave the vaccine controversy in the past as he said: “The last four, five months have been really challenging for me mentally and emotionally, but here I am and I try to leave all that behind and move on.” He will be back in action at next week’s Serbia Open, held in his own Novak Tennis Centre in his home of Belgrade, where his brother Djordje is the tournament director. The world No 1 will then play the Madrid Masters before heading to the French Open, where he is the defending champion. 