And he insisted he was “confident” Mr Johnson will stay in Number 10 whatever the consequences of the police probe into the so-called “partygate” scandal. “I have every confidence that Boris will lead us into the next election,” Mr Dowden. On Friday, the Metropolitan Police began issuing fines on Friday relating to a “bring your own bottle” gathering in the Number 10 garden on May 20 2020 attended by the Prime Minister. Downing Street officials yesterday Mr Johnson, who received a £50 fixed-penalty notice for a birthday get-together in the Cabinet room, has not received a further fine for the garden party. Questioned about the prospect of more fines on the BBC’s Sunday Morning programme, Mr Dowden said: “I think in relation to these fines, we just have to let the police investigation happen. “I think it is quite a speculation to assume there will be more fines issued.” Mr Johnson has insisted to MPs that he believed it was a work event to thank staff for their efforts during the pandemic. Mr Dowden also yesterday dismissed speculation about a confidence vote in Mr Johnson’s leadership of the Tory party. He said he did not “agree” with predictions a vote was imminent. “I don’t agree with that analysis, but again I think all of this sort of starts drawing us more and more into speculation about what may or may not happen with the parliamentary party, what may or may not happen with the police investigation,” the Tory chairman said. He added: “The way that we draw a line under this is by focusing on the priorities of the British people right now; at a time when we have a national security crisis in the Ukraine, it’s essential that we continue our efforts and the Prime Minister continues his leadership and has genuinely been leadership of the western world in tackling this crisis.” Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer told the BBC the Prime Minister’s authority had been “shot through” by the allegations surrounding him and his administration. Sir Keir called Downing Street “probably the most fined workplace in the whole of the United Kingdom”, adding: “And we’re not at the end of these fines yet.” He claimed there was “no equivalence” between accusations that he broke rules during the pandemic while in Durham. Sir Keir added: “I do know that over 50 fines have been issued in relation to what went on in Downing Street. That is extraordinary. It’s probably the most fined workplace in the whole of the United Kingdom. And we’re not at the end of these fines yet.” Cabinet minister Jacob Rees-Mogg yesterday said Mr Johnson was a "great leader" who had not lost the support of the public. The Minister for Brexit Opportunities told GB News: "I don't think people are losing faith in him, the socialists don't like him, of course they don't, that's their job. "You had Keir Starmer drinking a beer and Nicola Sturgeon not wearing a mask when she thought everyone else should, the police didn't mind about either of those, but the Prime Minister has paid his fine". Mr Rees-Mogg praised the Prime Minister for getting "so many of the decisions right" and "leading the world in terms of Ukraine" He said the UK "got out of lockdown earlier than other countries. "Boris Johnson got those decisions right,” Mr Rees-Mogg said. "I think talking about things that happened two years ago is not the most pressing political issue by any means,” he added. Asked if he is still "definitely" backing the Prime Minister, Rees-Mogg said: "Of course, he is a great man". MPs agreed last week that Mr Johnson should face a parliamentary probe on whether he misled the House of Commons when previously batting away accusations of rule-breaches in Downing Street. The Privileges Committee probe is due to commence after the Scotland Yard inquiry has been wrapped up. Lib Dem deputy leader Daisy Cooper said: "Dowden is deluded if he thinks the toxic cocktail of Boris Johnson’s illegal partying and the cost of living crisis won't affect the Conservatives at the local elections. "Boris Johnson has angered many life-long Conservative voters around the country. Voters will not back a liar, they will definitely not back a criminal and they feel taken for granted more than ever by the Conservative Party.” Mr Dowden admitted next month’s town hall elections will be “challenging” for the Tories. “We’re mid-term, they will be a challenging set of elections but nonetheless I do think that we have really great Conservative councils that are delivering for people up and down the country,” the Tory chairman said.