Britney Spears, 40, announced yesterday she was expecting a child with her fiancé Sam Asghari, 28. Her ex-husband, Kevin Federline, 44, has reacted to the Toxic singer’s happy news as he “wished her the best”. Britney and Kevin, who were married from 2004 to 2007, share sons Sean, 16, and Jayden, 15. Following Britney’s announcement on Monday, Kevin’s attorney issued a statement outlining the former dancer’s thoughts on the news. Lawyer Mark Vincent Kaplan said: “Kevin is aware of Britney’s Instagram post.” “He wishes her the best for a happy, healthy pregnancy and congratulates her and Sam Asghari as they plan for the excitement of parenthood together,” he told NBC News. Britney was overjoyed yesterday as she revealed the happy news and teased that she could be having twins. In view of her 40.3 million Instagram followers, Britney explained she had initially thought she was gaining weight. The pop star shared a photo of some pink flowers on a table and wrote: “I lost so much weight to go on my Maui trip only to gain it back… I thought ‘Geez … what happened to my stomach ???’ My husband said ‘No you’re food pregnant silly !!!’ "So I got a pregnancy test… and uhhhhh well… I am having a baby… 4 days later I got a little more food pregnant It’s growing !!!” She added: “If 2 are in there … I might just loose it.” Britney went on to explain that she will not be going out as much anymore “due to the paps getting their money shot” of her. The Womanizer hitmaker also opened up about her previous pregnancies and her struggle with perinatal depression - a mood disorder that can occur during and after pregnancy. She continued: “It’s hard because when I was pregnant I had perinatal depression … DON'T MISSAndrea McLean's sadness after being forced to sell home amid show exit [LATEST]Al Pacino, 81, leaves restaurant with Mick Jagger's ex-girlfriend, 28 [PICTURES]Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show [INSIGHT] “I have to say it is absolutely horrible… women didn’t talk about it back then … “Some people considered it dangerous if a woman complained like that with a baby inside her … But now women talk about it everyday. “Thank Jesus we don’t have to keep that pain a reserved proper secret.” Britney explained that she will be practicing yoga and “spreading lots of joy and love” during her pregnancy with baby number three. Sam spoke out last night on parenthood following Britney's announcement in an Instagram post shared with his 2.4 million followers. He uploaded a painting of two adult lions and a cub, adding: “Marriage and kids are a natural part of a strong relationship filled with love and respect. “Fatherhood is something I have always looked forward to and I don’t take lightly.” He concluded: “It is the most important job I will ever do.”