Longleat Safari park, in Wiltshire, saw a seven-month-old female koala become the first ever southern koala born in Europe when her mother Violet gave birth last year. Staff must weigh the new born marsupial to ensure it is in good health. In a bid to make sure the baby koala remains stress-free, keepers have given it a cute cuddly toy while being weighed. A spokesman for Longleat Safari explained: “Koalas’ diet consists entirely of eucalyptus leaves so keeping a close eye on their weight helps us make sure they are eating enough, and their digestive systems are in order. “As well as helping us to monitor her condition, the weekly weigh-in also helps her to get used to our presence and allows us to give her an overall health check.” Born blind, hairless and the size of a jelly bean, within minutes of birth a koala joey must find its way into its mother's pouch where it continues to grow and develop. It will occasionally leave the pouch and explore but will remain largely dependent on its mother until it is up to one year old. Violet's baby initially survived largely on milk but has been weaned off this and onto eucalyptus leaves in recent weeks. A plantation of eucalyptus trees has been established on the Longleat estate to provide the koalas with a regular supply of leaves, one of the only things the marsupials will eat. READ MORE: Snow tracker LIVE: UK braced for -6C Arctic blast- yellow warning Longleat boasts England’s only koalas, and is one of two parks where the creatures are kept alongside Edinburgh Zoo. The facility is part of a joint initiative between the government of South Australia, Cleland Wildlife Park and Longleat to support research and raise funds for koala conservation. The animals can be seen at the park in their own dedicated 'Koala Creek' enclosure. DON'T MISS Ukraine War LIVE: Russian troops flee Chernobyl ‘You’re part of the problem!’ BBC QT audience member clash Queen 'compartmentalising' with Harry and Meghan: 'Very strong' In February, the Australian government officially listed the koala as endangered after a decline in its numbers due to land clearing and catastrophic bushfires shrinking its habitat. The Wilderness Society’s (TWS) analysed the Queensland government’s most recent Statewide Landcover and Trees Study, and found 92,718 hectares of clearing occurred in koala habitats from 2018-2019. Anita Cosgrove, TWS Queensland campaign manager, told the Guardian that species protection laws have to be enforced more thoroughly, and the scale of meat consumption needs to be addressed. Meanwhile, the Living Koala Genome Bank pilot program hopes a two-year-old koala named Jagger can help improve populations with “high genetic merit”.