Tom Fletcher, 36, has revisited the time Rod Stewart, 77, criticised his singing ahead of McFly’s upcoming album. The band had been working on the finishing touches for their latest output, which comes two years after their comeback collection Young Dumb Thrills. Rod was on a call with Tom’s bandmate Danny Jones, when the former Strictly Come Dancing star overheard the Maggie May singer’s criticism toward him. “Once Rod called us – or called Danny – and he was on loud speaker and he didn’t know he was on loud speaker,” Tom began. “He was telling Danny that Danny should have sung all the songs because his voice is way better than mine, and I was like, ‘Hi Rod, I’m here.’ “It was an awful moment,” Tom told Metro’s Guilty Pleasures. READ MORE: Sandra Bullock admits Daniel Radcliffe was 'not who I expected' The musician went on to tease that the band now have plans to release the album by the end of the year. Tom explained that they started working on it last summer and then were “hopefully putting a plan into motion” to release it by the end of the year. However, he stressed that he did not want to give too much away and that it was “very band-y again”. Tom concluded that the process had been “good fun.” Last year, Tom was announced as one of the contestants appearing in Strictly Come Dancing 2021. Tom’s bandmate Harry Judd previously addressed his reaction after being told that his friend was thinking of taking part in the hit BBC show. Harry said he "stopped the conversation" after being told the father-of-three’s plans. Speaking to  Express.co.uk late last year, Harry explained his argument against Tom competing in the dance contest. DON'T MISS...Mick Jagger's daughter Jade, 50, and his girlfriend, 35, stun at event [LATEST]'I'm a jealous person' Emma Willis banned husband Matt from Strictly [INSIGHT]Penny Lancaster, 51, puts on affectionate display with Rod Stewart, 77 [PICTURES] He did, however, throw his support behind Tom once he realised the singer was in it for the "right reasons". Harry had won the Glitterball trophy in 2011 when he participated with professional dance partner Aliona Vilani. He recounted: “He rang me and said, 'Listen, I've been asked to do Strictly again, what do you think?' "And I said, 'Look, you know, we've got a tour coming up, you're busy with your books and family, do you really want that? "'It's really full on,'" Harry advised his bandmate. Harry went on: “‘Don't get me wrong, it's a lot of fun but maybe this year's not the right year but things are going well for you.’” Tom and his dance partner Amy Dowden were eighth to be voted off the show following their performance in Musicals Week. The duo danced an emotional Couple's Choice routine to On My Own from Les Misérables.