Ms Leyen said that the European Commission is “preparing the sixth wave” of “heavy sanctions” against Russia while sympathising with the sacrifice of the Ukrainian people. The mass killing of civilians in Bucha, near Kyiv, have been widely condemned by the West as war crimes with piles of bodies showing signs of torture as they were pictured when the town was recaptured by Ukrainian forces.  Ms von der Leyen was joined in Bucha by the EU's foreign affairs chief Josep Borrell who this week admitted the bloc is paying a billion euros a day for energy provisions. He said banning oil imports from Russia would be discussed when EU foreign ministers meet on Monday but today the bloc rowed back, with a diplomat saying an embargo would not be discussed at the conference in Luxembourg. The European Commission president tweeted: “We can never match the sacrifice of the Ukrainian people. “But we are mobilising our economic power to make Putin pay.   “We have imposed heavy sanctions against Russia & are already preparing the 6th wave. “Russia will descend, while Ukraine is marching towards a European future.” The EU has allocated 1 billion euros to support the Ukrainian armed forces with weapons, informed Ms von der Leyen. She said the deaths of civilians in the Ukrainian town of Bucha, where forensic investigators started to exhume bodies from a mass grave, showed the “cruel face” of Putin's army. READ MORE: Kremlin says Ukraine war could end 'in foreseeable future'  Speaking to reporters in Bucha, Von der Leyen, wearing a flak jacket, said the EU would do everything to support Ukraine to do “the necessary steps” to secure membership of the bloc, a demand Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has pressed. She told reporters in Bucha: “The unthinkable has happened here. We have seen the cruel face of Putin's army. “We have seen the recklessness and the coldheartedness with which they have been occupying the city.” Von der Leyen’s trip to Kyiv was aimed at offering Zelensky moral and some financial support.  Travelling by train from Brussels to Kyiv, she told reporters the most important message she was bringing was there “will be the EU path” for Ukraine. She pledged her support for Kyiv to “emerge from the war as a democratic country”, something, she said, the European Union and other donors would help with. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Meghan makes 'crucial misstep' Kate’s ‘strategic’ royal career allows devoted motherZelensky warns Borodyanka killings ‘much more horrific’ than Bucha Travelling by train from Brussels to Kyiv, she told reporters the most important message she was bringing was there “will be the EU path” for Ukraine. She pledged her support for Kyiv to “emerge from the war as a democratic country”, something, she said, the European Union and other donors would help with. 