From July 6, 2022, all new cars sold in Europe will be fitted with a speed limiter as a legal requirement. It had previously been assumed that the UK would also adopt the law as the Government has retained most EU laws for new cars. Despite Brexit, the Department for Transport said that no decisions had been made on which safety regulations would be introduced in the UK. Richard Gladman, Head of Driving and Riding Standards at IAM RoadSmart, praised speed limiting technology for the reminder it gives drivers to abide by the law. Speaking exclusively with Express.co.uk, he said: “Speed limit assist is an interesting thing to me because we should be making an effort to stick to the speed limit. “We don't have to like what the speed limit is, we just have to accept that it's there. READ MORE: Police seize car owned for 45 minutes “They do still exist with fuzzy logic. They do allow you to exceed the speed limit, they just tell you about it. “If ever you needed to exceed the speed limit for safety, and there are situations where you would need to, it just means you've got to work a bit harder for it. “The speed limit assist gives you a little wake up call and helps you avoid 12 points on your licence. “If we were talking about a hard geo-fenced limit, where it says you physically cannot go above 30mph, then I would be up in arms about it. DON'T MISSUproar over push from Greens to ban second cars [INSIGHT]Drivers could be fined £1,000 this summer for not using air con [WARNING]Furious locals set up fake speed camera to catch out tourists [SHOCKING] “But at the moment, it's a little nudge, a little reminder. It's a sensible intervention.” The 2019/2044 regulation also mandates all new cars that have already launched be fitted with an Intelligent Speed Assist (ISA) by July 7, 2024. When they are introduced in the EU and potentially the UK, drivers will be able to turn the road safety feature off. Mr Gladman continued, saying: “If you want to ignore them all, then you still can ignore them all. “It does it in a non-intrusive way and brings you down to the speed limit and reminds you, that's what the speed limit reminds you for. “Defaulting to the off button because you’re stuck in your ways is almost the coward's way out. “All of these road safety features are your guardian angel that's looking over you all the time.” Earlier this month, Jacob Rees-Mogg suggested that the Government is considering ditching plans to fit safety devices in all UK cars because of a desire not to follow EU rules. He spoke with other MPs saying he was against following EU regulations after Brexit. Rees-Mogg, who is the Minister for Brexit Opportunities, added: “I don't care what the EU does anymore. “I better be careful ... I don’t want to upset collective responsibility too much. “We may be putting speed limiters on people’s cars because the EU’s doing it. “Because the EU’s doing it is no argument for doing anything anymore. We want to get away from this mentality.”