Arsenal can return to the upper reaches of the Premier League table next season by signing Gabriel Jesus, Cristiano Ronaldo and Declan Rice in the upcoming transfer window, according to lifelong Gunners supporter Piers Morgan. The north Londoners spent more than any other English club on new players last summer and will be expected to splash the cash once again over the coming months in order to strengthen their ranks in advance of the new campaign. Arsenal are said to have already opened talks over a move for Jesus, who is reportedly open to the idea of joining the club from Manchester City in the not-too-distant future. The 25-year-old is one of three players that Morgan believes would make a world of difference at the Emirates Stadium if they can be snapped up ahead of next season."Arsenal should sign @Cristiano, @gabrieljesus9 and @_DeclanRice. Then we can compete for the league again," he tweeted on Tuesday.Although a move for Jesus appears to be a real possibility ahead of the summer window, it seems unlikely that Arsenal will be able to land Rice and Ronaldo in addition to the City marksman in pre-season. The former has turned down the offer of a new deal at West Ham and has been heavily linked with the likes of Manchester United and Chelsea, but the Hammers are adamant that he will not leave the club before the start of the new campaign. JUST IN: Conte 'has three conditions' for PSG job which may scupper Spurs exit Meanwhile, Ronaldo is contracted to United until the end of next season and would undoubtedly command a sizeable fee and a mega-money wage to be sold by the Red Devils over the coming months. Morgan has already revealed that he has spoken to the five-time Ballon d'Or winner, who he considers to be a close friend, about the possibility of joining Arsenal before he eventually decides to hang up his boots."Do you know what I'd do if I was Arsenal manager? I'd go in, get Cristiano Ronaldo and put him up front," the TalkTV host told talkSPORT earlier this month."I've had this conversation with him last week, I said: 'Come to Arsenal'." I'm not even joking. I'd love to bring Cristiano Ronaldo to Arsenal. "If he's not going to stay at United, I'd take him in a heartbeat. I watched that game at the weekend and he was the best player on the pitch."I don't feel there's that respect for Ronaldo at United from those younger United players. I think the egos are writing cheques that their lack of trophies doesn't cash."And my message to those young United stars is: 'You're talented, but your egos are out of control'. You should be begging Ronaldo for advice." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here 