Erik ten Hag, it has been claimed, has told Manchester United he wants control over the club’s transfer business should he take over at Old Trafford. The 52-year-old is presently the frontrunner to get the job, ahead of Mauricio Pochettino and Luis Enrique. But history suggests the Red Devils may let him down, like they have his predecessors. Manchester United recently interviewed Ten Hag as they weigh up their managerial options, with interim boss Ralf Rangnick primed to move upstairs as a consultant the moment the season ends. And Fabrizio Romano has since revealed the 52-year-old requested a say in the club’s future transfer business if he’s to take over at Old Trafford this summer. Romano said: “Ten Hag is a manager, from what I’m told, in the interview he had with Manchester United, he wanted to make sure they want to back him. “He wants to be the man who decides, together with the board and Rangnick, but with his own ideas, the signings they will do. “It’s not about signing Donny van de Beek and never playing him for two years, for example. It’s important to protect the players you sign, to trust, this is something for Ten Hag this is more than important. “Ten hag wants clear ideas, wants a project, this is how he works and works with Ajax.” But while United have backed managers in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson retired, they’ve also let them down. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And it’s possible that, for all of Ten Hag wanting his own players at the club, the Glazers will be unable to meet all of his demands. Take David Moyes, for example. Back in 2013, the Scot arrived wanting to make his mark on the team with deals for the likes of Leighton Baines, Cesc Fabregas and Gareth Bale all targeted. Yet Moyes, despite making it clear to Ed Woodward that the ageing squad he’s inherited needed overhauling, ended up with just the arrival of Marouane Fellaini instead. Speaking in 2016, the current West Ham boss lamented the club’s failure to sign his intended targets - and expressed a belief that, if given time, he’d have succeeded in the role. “Toni Kroos had agreed to come in the summer,” Moyes said. “I’d agreed it with Toni himself and his agent. “It was a done deal, so that was the level I was targeting – but sometimes you don’t get deals done; the Cesc one was disappointing, it was very close. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players “I don’t know if those signings would have made the difference but I would have hoped that, given time, I would have been working with a successful Manchester United team now.” After Moyes, came Van Gaal. The charismatic Dutchman certainly got backing in a way his predecessor never did, landing the likes of Angel Di Maria, Radamel Falcao, Memphis Depay, Bastian Schweinsteiger and Anthony Martial throughout his two years in charge. Yet Van Gaal wanted more. Speaking a couple of years ago, the Netherlands boss said he actually wanted 10 different players as well - including Neymar, Riyad Mahrez and N’Golo Kante. "I wanted Robert Lewandowski, but when this proved difficult I tried to get Gonzalo Higuain instead,” he said in 2020. "Before I had arrived, I also spoke with the board about Neymar. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “If you are at United, you have to think big - he was also interesting for the club in terms of selling shirts, and I wanted to have quick wingers. "For that reason, I also tried to get Sadio Mane and Riyad Mahrez. Thomas Muller was on my wish list, too, and in central midfield, I wanted N'Golo Kante. “I even tried to sign James Milner, who was already quite old but very multifunctional and possessed leadership skills. "For the defence, I wanted Sergio Ramos and Mats Hummels, because ours wasn't the strongest in building from the back. “Those were my top targets, but we couldn't get any of them. I don't know why, because as the manager I wasn't involved in any negotiations. "After I left, players like Mahrez and Kante ended up at Manchester City and Chelsea, while United couldn't get them. I found that very odd." In 2018, Jose Mourinho was managing United. He’d done well, too, guiding the club to second in the Premier League table the previous year and winning the EFL Cup and Europa League before that. But United, again, failed to meet his transfer demands. Mourinho wanted the club to sign Harry Maguire and Toby Alderweireld, who were strutting their stuff for Leicester and Tottenham respectively at the time. Yet United didn’t and they then proceeded to suffer during the early moments of the 2018/2019 season, with Mourinho losing his job at roughly the halfway stage. Like with Van Gaal, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer got plenty of backing. Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane, Cristiano Ronaldo, Donny van de Beek, Maguire, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Alex Telles and Edinson Cavani were just a few players who were snapped up during his tenure. Yet Solskjaer was still left disappointed. In 2020, he wanted Jack Grealish from Aston Villa - adamant the England international would be the perfect partner in crime for Bruno Fernandes. But Grealish was considered too expensive and the Glazers then proceeded to go for the cheaper option in Van de Beek instead. Solskjaer was also disappointed last summer when, despite suggesting the team strengthen in midfield, he was told the signings of Sancho, Varane and later Ronaldo would suffice instead. Ten Hag wants control at United. But there’s still no indication he’ll get what he wants, especially when you consider what his predecessors have had to contend with.