The sixth and final ever season of Bull is just a handful of episodes away from its series finale on CBS as fans ready themselves to say farewell to the likes of Jason Bull (played by Michael Weatherly) and Marissa Morgan (Geneva Carr) for the last time. However, one character fans had to say farewell to way back in season one was budding lawyer Liberty Davis (Dena Tyler). Now, former NCIS star Weatherly has spoken out on how much he wished they could’ve welcomed his co-star back before the series ended. Tyler was introduced as Liberty way back in 2016 in the CBS series pilot. Initially hired by Jason, Liberty helped him and his team in the courtroom, eventually earning the respect of her peers thanks to her alliance with the show’s leading man. Sadly, however, Liberty hasn’t been seen since 2017, with her final appearance coming in the season one episode, Free Fall. Now, while reflecting on the show and its imminent ending, Weatherly has taken to Twitter and admitted the show “needed” to bring Liberty back on more time before its swan song. READ MORE: NCIS LA’s Chris O'Donnell on how daughter inspired new role To his 467.5k followers, Weatherly penned: “You know-We really have time now to look back ⁦@BullCBS and make some comments. POSITIVE comments. “Like- we needed THIS huge talent to come back! Well- there’s always the next show. Hi Liberty!” The Bull and NCIS star then attached a link to actor Tyler’s Twitter page. And it’s a sentiment seemingly shared by co-star Geneva Carr who retweeted Weatherly’s words with the caption: “Dr. Bull!! #season6.” It soon became clear Weatherly wasn’t alone in his desire to see Tyler reprise the role of Liberty as fans soon flooded the replies section with their thoughts. Sherri Keefer replied to Weatherly: “Oh how I loved the Liberty character! @denatyler played this part perfectly! So would've loved to see her back! “Oh how I am going to miss seeing you on my TV screen, Michael! Please bring us another phenomenal show that you star in! Remake Hart to Hart with #Cote!” And Luz Angela Vallejo echoed: “During six seasons BULL has given us some epic stories and wonderBULL unforgettable characters. Liberty is one of them. DON'T MISS:Blue Bloods' Donnie Wahlberg rules out another family TV seriesBull's Michael Weatherly jokes co-star was a 'tyrant' during CBS debutNCIS Hawaii season 2: Will there be another series? Has it been axed? “I always wanted her to come back, as well as many others,” they added. “I love the writers, I love the cast and crew, I love you, big kiss from Colombia.” And @Bnkr_Chk2 added: “I’ve been asking for Dena’s return for several seasons now. She’s amazing. “One of my fave things about the show is the wonderful women it introduced me to like @Go_Carr_Go, Jaime Lee Kirchner, Annabelle Attanasio, & Mackenzie Meehan. I hope to see lots of them in the future.” While @ChiliOHGirl59 weighed in: “I was definitely a voice for more appearances by @denatyler / Liberty Davis.  I enjoyed watching her evolution.” Sadly, it sounds like Liberty won’t be reappearing before Bull finishes, but a number of fans did notice Weatherly’s tease of “the next show”. In the meantime, CBS has confirmed when Bull’s series finale will air - and it’s not far away. The Bull season six finale is penned to air on Thursday, May 26, 2022. Bull season 6 continues Thursdays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.