Gary Neville has insisted that England will be keen to "avoid" both Scotland and Wales after Gareth Southgate's side learnt their World Cup fate on Friday. The Three Lions were drawn into Group B alongside Iran and United States, with the final spot going to the winner of one of the final play-off matches - meaning that either Scotland, Wales or Ukraine will join England. England are one of the betting favourites to win the tournament, which is scheduled to kick off in Qatar later this year. And those odds are only likely to shorten after the Three Lions were handed a plum draw in Doha. But the potential inclusion of Wales or Scotland could throw a spanner into the works for Southgate's side. England laboured to a 0-0 draw with Scotland in their final group match at Euro 2020 - and Neville has warned that any repeat clash would again be hard work. He told Sky Sports: "Yeah, we've seen it in recent tournaments, [with] Wales as well. Scotland was a very difficult game in the last Euros, and Wales we just nipped past them a few years ago - but then Wales ended up going a lot further. READ MORE: Kane tipped to get better as Hart lifts lid on 'lunatic' striker "Those games will be really challenging for England; always have been. We know how much it means to the Welsh, the Scottish, the Irish to play against England. And that's not being sort of arrogant - we just know a huge fixture. It is for England as well, but it doesn't seem to carry that same level of dislike at times that comes with the Welsh and Scottish fever towards England. "I'm looking forward to the group. They've all got a meaning to them, but they're all difficult games from an emotional perspective more than a football perspective and that does carry something of a problem for England." With England set to begin their group campaign with a clash against Iran on November 21 before facing the United States just four days later, any potential meeting with Scotland or Wales would be the final group game for Southgate's men. DON'T MISS...Man City's Guardiola hints Dias will not return in time for LiverpoolMan Utd chiefs in 'considerable debate' over Ten Hag and PochettinoThomas Tuchel 'confident' of new Antonio Rudiger Chelsea contract And Neville believes that the fanatic travelling support that Scotland and Wales would likely be able to call upon if they do manage to clinch the final spot in Group B could give England a scare. He added: "Certainly England would have wanted to avoid playing a home nation. It just brings that complication that you don't need. It's always been the same - we had it in Euro 96 where Scotland should have beaten us, and then obviously Gazza scores this incredible goal. But they've always been difficult opponents; the emotion of it, the passion that the Scottish fans bring and the Welsh fans. Obviously we have great fans with England as well, but I think those two travel really particularly well. "But brilliant games for us to watch. That's the main thing, we've got great games to watch and it could be Ukraine as well, we shouldn't dismiss the fact that they're still in the hunt."