James Milner and usual suspect Luis Diaz dazzled on Saturday lunchtime as Naby Keita scored the winner against Newcastle to bank a crucial three points for Liverpool. After ending the Magpies' four-match winning run with a 1-0 victory, the Reds go two points ahead of Manchester City, who face Leeds United later in the day. Alisson Becker - 7 Not given much to do by the Magpies. Alert enough to come off his line and deal with danger and got down to make a relatively comfortable save late on, but nothing to add to his glittering saves montage. Joe Gomez - 8 Impressed again in his second-favourite position, filling in at right-back for Trent Alexander-Arnold. Dynamic and athletic, didn't look out of place and set up a great chance for Sadio Mane that should have doubled Liverpool's lead. Joel Matip - 7 An assured performance, dealt with the unpredictable threat of Allan Saint-Maximin without getting stung. Virgil van Dijk - 7 Strong and composed on the ball, not afraid to receive it in dangerous positions and a respectable showing alongside Matip - albeit not impenetrable. Andrew Robertson - 7 Energetically got himself around the pitch, and although he was unable to dramatically influence the game or manufacture attacking joy, he barely put a foot wrong. Naby Keita - 8 Took his goal superbly after rounding Martin Dubravka and waiting for a gap to open up. Also some eye-catching touches on the ball - offered more going forward than any Liverpool midfielder. Jordan Henderson - 5 Not the ex-Sunderland star's finest afternoon on his old foes' stomping ground. Alexander-Arnold laughed at his first-half free-kick attempt, and he was caught over-committing in midfield a couple of times before being replaced by Fabinho. James Milner - 9 A dogged, tenacious performance from the veteran on his 810th appearance for club and country. A great tackle led to Keita's opener, he bravely put his body on the line when Newcastle threatened and Jurgen Klopp will have loved every single bit of it. Luis Diaz - 8 His impact wasn't as consistent as Milner's, but when he was involved it usually struck fear into the hosts. Lively, willing to make good runs on the break while maintaining the composure to pick out the right pass, it was another impressive performance to add to his growing Liverpool collection. Diogo Jota - 8 Neat pass to set up Keita's goal, almost got on the scoresheet himself with an exceptional header just before the interval. A looming goal threat whenever he is on the pitch. Sadio Mane - 6 Willing to take the ball on the half-turn and ask questions, but things didn't click for him at St James' Park. Missed a sitter that should have made it 2-0 before being substituted. Mohamed Salah - 6 Brought fear factor as soon as he came on and linked up well with Diaz. Fabinho - 5 Did not have time to settle in and begin dictating the game after replacing Henderson. Thiago - 5 No noticable impact after replacing Milner late on.