Sophie, the Countess of Wessex, and Prince Edward were the second royal couple confronted with protests this month as they embarked on an 8-day tour of the Caribbean. Their visit sparked calls for reparations from the Royal Family over the role they played during the slave trade as well as for Britain's colonial past. Royal editor Emily Nash suggested the tour should have been "shelved" after the backlash Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge faced, noting "it's incredibly difficult" to justify traditional royal tours in former colonies. The HELLO! editor told True Royalty's The Royal Beat: "Possibly it would have been sensible to shelve this visit. "Times have changed immeasurably, you can’t just go to the Caribbean and do a set piece tour like people would have done five years ago. "We have had Black Lives Matter; the world has changed immeasurably. "You just have to look at the optics of a member of a white, very upper-class British Royal Family going to the Caribbean and not engaging with things that people there feel very strongly and passionately about. It is incredibly difficult.” READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG Prince Edward was also awkwardly confronted by Antigua and Barbuda's Prime Minister Gaston Browne, who told the royal to wield his "diplomatic influence" to secure "reparatory justice" for his nation. The Earl of Wessex attempted to break the tension by jokingly telling Mr Browne he had not taken notes and would not be able to respond to his comments. Mr Browne however did not seem to appreciate the attempt at levity and did not laugh. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle's dad Thomas to visit UK for Platinum Jubilee [LATEST]Queen's Jubilee has been 'tarnished' by monarch's 'puzzling attachment' to Andrew [INSIGHT]Kate  to shake up 'outdated royal rules' as Queen consort [ANALYSIS] Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge also faced protests from local protesters during their stay in Belize, Jamaica, and The Bahamas. The Duke of Cambridge attempted to broach the subject of his family's role in the slave trade, expressing his "profound sorrow" and saying the slave trade "forever stains our history". He however faced criticism for falling short of apologising in his speech, and also faced a backlash over the colonial undertones of some of the photo ops the Cambridges engaged in. They faced particular disapproval over images showing them greeting the crowds through a metal fence. Most senior members of the Royal Family have been engaged in touring Commonwealth nations and realms to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee this year.