West Ham star Jarrod Bowen clattered the crossbar with a stunning late bicycle kick that would have brought the Hammers level against Eintracht Frankfurt in their crunch Europa League semi-final. The German visitors shocked the London Stadium by pulling off a 2-1 victory, including a goal within the first minute to ruin West Ham's monumental evening. It took Frankfurt's Ansgar Knauff just 49 seconds to open the scoring in a raucous east London, with the atmosphere buoyed by huge away support. Michael Antonio was at full stretch to equalise midway through the first half, but Daichi Kamada restored the visitors' advantage after the break before the final whistle blew at 2-1. The Hammers could have equalised in stoppage time, however, when Bowen missed out on what would have been a timeless strike by mere inches. Declan Rice sent in a cross which the forward met on the volley with an acrobatic bicycle kick, and although the strike was superb, it cannoned off the underside of the crossbar. DON'T MISS: Man Utd fans boycott Chelsea clash as thousands of empty seats left in protest  With less than two minutes remaining on the clock West Ham players, fans and staff were left with heads in hands at the spectacular near-miss that may prove crucial once the scores are settled after the second leg. When the ball was sent hurtling towards goal, not many would have bet against it finding the net given Bowen's impressive form this season. His haul of 17 goal contributions in 32 Premier League games is nothing to be scoffed at, and he has also bagged three goals in the Europa League.  In the other semi-final, RB Leipzig made no such mistakes at home as they saw off Rangers 1-0. That leaves the Scottish side with ground to make up when they play the reverse leg at Ibrox, but a one-goal margin could have been even worse given their solitary shot on target and 29 per cent possession. Overall, it was a solid evening for the two remaining German teams vying for Europa League glory as both Frankfurt and Leipzig may now fancy their chances of setting up an all-Bundesliga final. The Hammers and The 'Gers, on the other hand, must pull something out of the bag if they are to set up an all-British one instead.  Europa League success, and the Champions League qualification that comes with it, would be invaluable for West Ham given the current status of their top-four bid. After a valiant effort to crack the established elite, they have been left with too much ground to make up going into their final four league matches of the season. Entry into next season's top-tier European competition could be crucial to a number of David Moyes' summer objectives. Namely, keeping hold of in-demand midfielder Declan Rice, who would have more leverage to demand a transfer exit should the Hammers miss out. 