Doubting Tiger Woods is a mug’s game. Golf’s rebuilt bionic man emerged from the void with the odd creaking noise and a little rust but with his head held high after a comeback which held Augusta National transfixed. Woods might have ceded some ground to the first round leaders but to break par with an opening 71 was still a remarkable performance after 17 months away from top-level golf and the other small matter of almost losing his right leg in a car crash. It was like flicking a switch for one of sport’s great competitors as he squeezed everything he could out of a round that saw him hit only nine of the 18 greens in regulation. It was a ringcraft masterclass with some classic Woods escapology thrown in. There were no noticeable problems for him traversing the course’s pronounced hills and valleys with the metal in his leg, only with squatting down to read putts. Woods chose to operate from a table-top pose but after 90 previous rounds at the Masters he had the slopes and borrows covered. There was a pointer that he might be OK for what lay ahead just before he emerged into the thronging crowd. After completing his practice drills he walked into the clapperboard clubhouse, removed his cap and, with a broad grin and an ‘excuse me’ to the lady coming down the stairs, skipped up them like a bounding young pup on his way to the Champions’ Locker Room. He was looking forward to this. He chose a vivid cerise pink shirt for his return which was a competitor to some of the bolder azaleas around the old fruit nursery. It was certainly not shy and retiring. If the world was going to be looking at Woods yesterday, he was happy to offer them a location beacon. Woods’s first drive back leaked a little right but he salvaged his par from ten feet and was on his way.It was a pied piper walk with huge crowds following his every move with squelching obedience after the overnight storms which delayed play by half an hour. To say the galleries were invested in his return was an understatement. When Woods almost birdied the difficult fifth after a superb approach shot, his putt lipping out as he started to walk it in, one patron fell to his knees and thumped the ground in frustration. The Tiger Army had their moment at the short sixth as the five-times champion arrowed his tee shot to within two feet of the hole. Cue mayhem. As Woods walked towards the green he was greeted with a standing ovation and serenaded by chants of ‘Tiger, Tiger’. The birdie putt was a formality. He gave the shot back with a sloppy bogey six at the eighth after a five-minute delay on the fairway but saved par well at the next to turn in level par. Woods made his second birdie of the day at the 13th only to surrender it at the next hole but he ensured he would end the round in red numbers with a magical moment at the short 16th. The 29ft bomb brought another birdie, the crowd to its feet and the famous fist-pump. How golf has missed it; how golf has missed Woods. It’s good to have him back.