Max Verstappen has explained where Red Bull stand compared to Ferrari ahead of the Australian Grand Prix. After a late retirement in Bahrain, the Dutchman bounced back in style with a win in Saudi Arabia last time out. He prevailed in an intense battle with Charles Leclerc to register his first points of the season. While many believe he is in a strong position to claim another victory in Melbourne, the 24-year-old thinks the iconic Italian team hold the advantage going into Sunday’s race. "We're a tiny bit off Ferrari but I do think that we can maybe make it a little bit closer," he told reporters in the paddock. "But they are quick again. In the long run everything looked quite stable and quite nice so I'm happy about that. We definitely made some good improvements today." Verstappen’s Red Bull underwent some improvements in Friday's final practice session to iron out some balancing issues. He complained of a lack of front grip early in the day but improved the car towards the end of the session. JUST IN: Max Verstappen holds crunch meeting with F1 chief Stefano Domenicali  "P1 and beginning of P2 we were lacking a bit of balance," the world champion said. "For the final run, we changed the car around a bit and I felt a lot happier. We are a tiny bit off Ferrari but I do think we can make it a little bit closer. But in the long run everything felt quite stable and quite nice so I am happy about that. We have little bit of work to do but we are more or less there." He went on to finish 0.245 seconds behind Leclerc and the pair will jostle for pole position in qualifying on Saturday. Speaking of upgrades, the circuit at Albert Park has been resurfaced in the three years since it last hosted a grand prix. The new track features fewer corners and some wider turns, which saw a number of cars skid off as they adjusted to the new layout. Verstappen, however, is a fan of the upgrade - Albert Park's first since its F1 debut in 1996. DON'T MISS "It's good. I think the track grip is quite nice," he said. "The bumps definitely improved, it's smoother. But I think it actually makes the track nicer as well because you can attack the corners a bit better now, being a bit more smooth. They did a good job with that. I enjoyed my laps today." Mercedes’ problems continued as George Russell finished 11th fastest, while Lewis Hamilton languished in 13th. "Nothing we change on the car makes a difference at the moment," Hamilton said of the difficult session. “So that's the difficult thing. It's just a tricky car. You're trying to push and catch and even when you do a decent lap it's 1.2 seconds down."