Wheeler Dealers: Dream Car sees Mike Brewer and Marc 'Elvis' Priestly go above and beyond to help those in need. The TV stars have listened to some emotional stories and have decided to help some lucky individuals get the car of their dreams. They spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the challenge of achieving such a big task. The Dream Cars series has brought smiles to the faces of many people who face difficult circumstances. Through no fault of their own, they have been unable to get their hands on the vehicle they have always imagined. Mike and Elvis use their technical skills and initiative to 'trade up' until they get their hands on the dream car. Working only with what they are given by members of the public, this can sometimes be a mammoth task. READ MORE: Wheeler Dealers star left 'crying' after helping a father with illness Yet it is a challenge they are proud to take on each and every time. Elvis said: "It's a pressure we put on ourselves, no one is forcing us to do this. "We are desperate to achieve what we set out to achieve, it's emotional pressure rather than financial pressure. "We will go to greater lengths than on any other show for that very reason." Mike agreed the pressure was "intense" and there was no turning back on his word. He added: "From the moment I say to those contributors 'Next time you see me I'll get your dream car' that's it. "I have said it, the words are out there and there's no coming back from that. "It's real, so the pressure is dumped clearly at that moment on mine and Elvis' shoulders. "We are the ones who have to deliver." He confirmed the team does not get any outside help from production when it comes to resources. DON'T MISS... Wheeler Dealers Mike Brewer urges drivers to maintain classic cars [DISCUSSION] Wheeler Dealers Mike Brewer believes 2030 car ban will be delayed [INSIGHT] Wheeler Dealers' Mike Brewer admits guests were left ‘in tears' [INTERVIEW] Mike continued: "There's no cheating, there's no magic pot of money we get from our bosses. "We really do this, buy and sell to get up to this dream car. "If it means Elvis has to work in the workshop until 1am that's what we do." Elvis jumped in to praise the crew for their dedication to the cause. He said: "The team around us deserve as much credit as if I'm there until 1am so is the camera guy, so is the sound man. "We are committed and the team are equally as committed." The pair admitted they sometimes fall out about certain decisions, but they soon put the disputes past them. Elvis said: "The reason we are able to do what we do is Mike and I have 100 percent trust in each other. "So we do disagree but in those moments if one of us feels strongly enough about it, I will 100 percent trust what he is about to do."  Catch weekly episodes of series two of Wheeler Dealers: Dream Cars on Discovery on Mondays at 9pm. The series is available to stream on Discovery+. Season 16 of Wheeler Dealers is out on Quest now.