Chelsea threatened to complete an all-time great Champions League comeback against Real Madrid on Tuesday night, only for Los Blancos forward Karim Benzema to score a late winner and knock the Blues out of the competition in a dramatic quarter-final at the Bernabeu. Goals from Mason Mount, Antonio Rudiger and Timo Werner overturned a 3-1 first-leg defeat, but Rodrygo and Benzema dragged the game back in favour of the La Liga giants.  Here is how Express Sport rated the Chelsea players. Edouard Mendy - 6 The Chelsea goalkeeper made a couple of good saves at different stages of the game, which allowed his side to take control. There was not a lot he could do about either goal he conceded. Reece James - 6 James was moved into a right-sided centre back role by Thomas Tuchel, possibly in a bid to counter Vinicius Junior’s threat. It was a move that proved to be a good call by the Chelsea head coach - James did well after an early booking and Vinicius struggled to get into the game. Thiago Silva - 7 This was a much better performance by Chelsea’s defence. Benzema dominated at Stamford Bridge in the first leg, scoring a hat-trick. But he was largely forced to feed off scraps in this game - until his winner in extra-time. Antonio Rudiger - 8 Rudiger was incredible on the night. The centre-back defended well, strode forward on the ball and scored an excellent header for the second goal. Rudiger got above everyone else in the penalty are and with the ball slightly behind him, guided his effort right into the corner. JUST IN: Man Utd suffer £12m transfer blow as suitors perform Pereira U-turn Ruben Loftus-Cheek - 6 Tuchel used Loftus-Cheek in a wing-back role again here, just as he did against Southampton on Saturday. The 27-year-old looked uncomfortable when defending but his probing runs from deep were at times threatening. N’Golo Kante - 7 Kante conceded a couple of dangerous free kicks but otherwise protected his back three really well. Was typically astute in possession, prompting a couple of attacks. Mateo Kovacic - 7 Midfielder Kovacic had a solid game alongside Kante against his former club. His job of sitting in front of the defence while the attacking trio create is underappreciated. Marcos Alonso - 6 The Spaniard was so unfortunate to have a goal disallowed for handball. At 2-0, Alonso collected his own rebounded cross and hammered a half-volley into the top corner. But it was incredibly harshly judged to have hit his hand before his strike. DON'T MISS...Chelsea have Marcos Alonso goal controversially disallowed by VARMan Utd stars warned over Erik ten Hag’s intense training methodsMan Utd suffer £12m transfer blow as suitors perform Pereira U-turn  Timo Werner - 8 This was one of Werner’s best performances in a Chelsea shirt. He drove at Los Blancos’ defence and set up a couple of key chances. He then scored a wonderful solo goal to make the aggregate score 4-3, but Real soon equalised through Rodrygo. Replaced by Christian Pulisic late in the initial 90 minutes. Kai Havertz - 7 Havertz led the line well for the Blues and was unlucky not to score on a couple of occasions. Mason Mount - 8 Scored a wonderful goal to open the scoring. The England midfielder burst forward and found the corner of Thibaut Courtois’ net. Mount had a much better game than he did in the first leg, pressing and harrying constantly and proving a menace to the Madrid back line. Subs Christian Pulisic - 6 Replaced Werner but failed to have much of an impact. Tuchel might have been better off keeping the German on the pitch. Hakim Ziyech - 6 The Moroccan was put on in place of Kante with Chelsea needing an extra-time goal, but did not do enough to create a chance. Jorginho - N/A The midfielder replaced Ruben Loftus-Cheek as Tuchel threw more players forward but the plan was to no avail.