Weight gain is one side effect of perimenopause and menopause, and it can be extremely difficult for women to lose weight around their middle. Express.co.uk spoke to Suzie Walker, founder of Keto Collective about the keto diet and the weight loss benefits it can for women over 40. Suzie explained what a keto diet involves: “Keto is based on a way of eating that promotes very low-carb, moderate protein and high-fat foods – or simply put – LCHF. “This sounds crazy and counter-intuitive at first, because it goes against everything we’ve been taught about nutrition; it turns the traditional food pyramid on its head. “The purpose of the keto way of eating is to change the way your body converts certain foods into energy. “Keto has become popular because it turns your body into a fat-burning machine. READ MORE: 'I do every day' Dr Mosley says squats are best exercise to lose fat “Simply put, keto shifts your whole body from relying on carbs as an energy source to fuelling itself with fats, burning fat stores 24 hours a day.” As for how keto can help a woman over 45 or those who are experiencing perimenopause or menopausal symptoms, Suzie said: “Keto can be a great way to outsmart your menopausal symptoms. “Ketosis helps to balance out your hormones which is great start. “Because it optimises insulin and other hormone levels, expect to experience fewer symptoms such as hot flashes. DON'T MISS...Princess Eugenie’s engagement ring is ‘remarkably similar’ to mother's [STYLE]Boots announces change to Advantage Card holders' discounts [NEWS]Aldi shoppers ‘truly amazed’ with results of age-defying face cream [REACTION] “Keto also helps you maintain steady energy levels. “Healthy fats offer a clean and efficient energy source that level out your hormones. “This also helps improve your sleep as hormones like cortisol, serotonin, and melatonin, stop spiking, ultimately resetting your circadian rhythm. “You’ll also experience reduced brain fog,” she added. “Brain fog” or keto flu is a group of symptoms that may appear two to seven days after starting a ketogenic diet. Headache, foggy brain, fatigue, irritability, nausea, difficulty sleeping, and constipation are just some of the symptoms of this condition. While a keto diet can help reduce these symptoms for someone experiencing perimenopause or menopausal symptoms, can it also helo them lose weight? The expert explained: “We gain weight in menopause because of a slower metabolism. “Studies show that a low-carb diet works well for sustained weight loss, primarily due to the hormone balance. “It keeps your cravings from going all over the place and manages insulin, which impacts blood sugar. "The weight loss happens because you’re running your body on fat, rather than sugar - which is why it’s so effective.”