While fans were glad to see the return of Starz’s hit romance series Outlander, they were even happier when they watched Lord John (played by David Berry) also make his long-awaited comeback. Thankfully for fans, after his brief appearance, the actor revealed he would be back on screens for future episodes.  Outlander followed the life of World War II nurse Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) as she gained the ability to time travel from 1946 and go to her exact location, but in 1743. It was during season two when she and her husband Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) met a young Lord John, who was the second son of Viscount Melton. They met in Scotland close to where the British regiment were camped. However, as Jamie was a Highland warrior and Claire an English woman Lord John mistook her for an English prisoner and tried to save her. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy Jamie was able to restrain him and spared his life, which gave fans the opportunity to fall in love with the character for his charming and loyal ways. However, after departing from the series in season five, Lord John made a surprise return. He attended the gathering intended to honour Scottish folk hero Flora McDonald, (Shauna Macdonald) who was urging the colonists to pursue peace. While this took fans by surprise, Claire and Jamie were even more stunned to see him. Although it was only a brief appearance, John star David Berry opened up about his comeback to Outlander. Speaking to Hello Magazine, the fan-favourite opened up about the fate of his character and confirmed he would be back for more episodes. The actor confirmed: “Yes, Lord John will be in future episodes,” however didn’t specify when fans could expect to see more of his character. However, with the next episode being the finale, it's more than likely Lord John will return to the series in season seven, which will provide a better opportunity for a future storyline. DON'T MISS...Jennie Bond details why royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew [INSIGHT]Outlander season 6 theory: Jamie banishes Lizzie from the Ridge [THEORY]Outlander author on character ‘showrunners were loath to lose’ [INSIGHT] Outlander is the onscreen adaptation of a series of best-selling novels written by Diana Gabaldon. As a result, viewers who have read the books already have a clear understanding of Lord John's future on the show. This includes an entire spin-off series of historical mystery novels which take place in 1756 and 1761 during the events in Gabaldon’s third book, Voyager. Speaking to Entertainment Weekly, Starz CEO Jeffrey Hirsch was asked about the possibility of spin-offs, to which he gave a cryptic response. At first, Hirsch stated: "We think there’s a lot of opportunity in the Outlander universe to have story extensions or spinoffs or sequels, we continue to look at that with our partners at Sony.” The publication then asked him specifically about a Lord John spin-off which he neither confirmed nor denied. Instead, he said: “We continue to talk on a regular basis about developing the storyline around Outlander. “It’s something that we are aware of, we want to continue to serve that audience with what we think are the best stories.” Outlander is available on Starz in the US and on Starzplay in the UK.