There are a number of ways scammers scam consumers. The focus is often on insisting that the scam can deliver you a lot of money or cost you a lot if you don’t do something. The second part is urgency. The scammers make you feel that you need to take immediate action, so you don’t think about what’s happening until after you’ve taken the action. Spray and pray This is the one we all know. You have emails arrive in your inbox promising to be from a business with a discount voucher, offering you to win a prize or an investment opportunity or similar. They are often picked up by spam filters. The English is usually poor or images blurry. We are mainly confident at picking these up and ignoring them. Targeted From the numerous data breaches that have occurred around the world, and that continues to happen, your data is bought and sold on the dark web. Now, most of this data is out of date and so the scammers will have information that’s inaccurate. However, they may have your address, an old password, or your mobile number. This data is used to convince you that your account has been breached. Then they try to get you to move money from one account to a new one they've set up, and suddenly it’s gone. These scams can be scary as it appears they know all about you.  Personalised This uses more accurate and more up-to-date information. The scammers will be more likely to use texts or WhatsApp and could know details of your family and the effort made to scam you will be high. Consumers are conned by the insight and knowledge the scammers employ. These are dangerous as they can be very convincing. Adverts This is one Martin Lewis is very keen to eradicate through inclusion in the forthcoming digital harms bill. These are served as electronic adverts on search engines and social media platforms. They appear genuine offers that are often recommended or endorsed by celebrities.  Scambusters Mailbag – answering your scam questions Q1 Is there anything you can do to prevent being scammed? Yes! There are several key tools you should use. Firstly, all key email providers now include a scam filter. We also recommend using a password manager to manage your passwords and having a couple of email addresses. One of my favourite tips is to put my first name in plus the website name when I register. So Jamessitename. Then if I get any communications through, I know where the data has been breached from. Finally, I recommend deleting your data from as many sites as possible, this is where tools like Rightly can help. Tip of the week If you have a Gmail account, remember to add the site name to the email address when you register. Add a plus “+” after your name and before the @ sign in the email. After the plus add in the website name so you know where your data was entered. STOP others from being cybercrime victims by reporting scams and suspicious emails. Forward the scam email to report@phishing.gov.uk. Use Rightly to stop fraudsters from sharing your data and exposing you to scams.