Arsenal are expecting to lose at least five players at the end of the season when a number of Mikel Arteta's stars are out of contract at the Emirates Stadium. Strikers Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah plus Egyptian defensive midfielder Mohamed Elneny will all see their deals expire on June 30 and as things stand, the Gunners are preparing and forward planning for their departures. Newly-appointed captain Lacazette will remain central to Arsenal's top-four hopes between now and the end of the season and his game-time will not be affected by his uncertain future in north London, something that was communicated to him earlier in the season by his manager. There is, however, a faint chance the Frenchman could yet extend his stay with Arsenal on a short-term contract, providing he is willing to accept reduced terms. Arteta and Edu are planning to sit down with Lacazette and his entourage at the end of the campaign to decide his fate but the 30-year-old is already being lined up for a return to Lyon. The club's president Jean-Michel Aulas has already publicly outlined his plan to bring his former player home, telling French press in February: "We'll do our best to sign Alexandre Lacazette in June." READ MORE: Arsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer after consulting Benfica Meanwhile, Nketiah is almost certain to quit Arsenal after rejecting the club's latest contract offer last December. He is set to move onto pastures new in search of regular playing time and could yet stay in the Premier League with Crystal Palace among those interested, after seeing a January bid rebuffed. There have been no talks over a contract extension for Elneny since 2021 when initial discussions failed to get off the ground. Arsenal are set to pocket around £12.5m through the permanent sale of Lucas Torreira to Fiorentina, where the Uruguayan has just won his second Player of the Month award this season. The combative, diminutive defensive midfielder cost Arsenal £26.4m in the summer of 2018 when he was signed from Sampdoria after impressing at the World Cup in Russia. READ MOREArsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer after consulting BenficaThomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea bossArsenal's perfect summer transfer window consists of four signings including two strikers Finally, Bernd Leno - who joined in the same transfer window as Torreira under Unai Emery - is also on course to leave Arsenal with Newcastle amongst a list of potential suitors. His replacement, 27-year-old Matt Turner, will arrive from New England Revolution this summer after a prearranged deal was struck with the MLS side in late January. Several other loanees including Hector Bellerin could also be off, although his Real Betis loan deal does not include an option to buy. Greek defender Konstantinos Mavropanos has made quite the impression in the Bundesliga with Stuttgart and his loan will become permanent for just £2.5m if the German side are able to preserve their top-flight status. Borussia Dortmund are thought to be keen on Mavropanos and Arsenal have also negotiated a sell-on clause into the deal. Ainsley Maitland-Niles is expected to temporarily return to Arsenal following his loan spell with Roma, although he will be pushed towards the exit door with his contract due to expire in 2023. The same applies for Reiss Nelson, who has failed to score in 17 appearances in the Eredivisie on loan at Feyenoord this season. Pablo Mari could also make way with Arsenal expected to strengthen their options in defence. His loan with Udinese does not include a permanent option, however, meaning the Italian club will have to negotiate a fee with the Gunners if they want to keep the 28-year-old. Finally, Icelandic goalkeeper Runar Alex Runarsson is almost certain to be sold having spent this season on loan in Belgium with Oud-Heverlee Leuven. With up to seven potential summer signings on the agenda, Arsenal will be looking to recoup as much spending money as possible - even if that means encouraging a fire-sale.