Manchester City have apparently held a “secret meeting” with Erling Haaland and his representatives over a proposed move to the Etihad Stadium. The Borussia Dortmund striker looks set to leave his current club in the summer. Haaland has become one of the best strikers in the world since joining Dortmund from RB Salzburg at the start of 2020. During his time at Signal Iduna Park, the 21-year-old has found the back of the net a staggering 82 times in 85 games. And he has also provided 23 assists. Few players are worth more than Haaland is - but he has a clause in his contract which would allow him to move on this summer for just £63million. And Europe’s powerhouses are now circling. According to The Star, City held a secret rendezvous with Haaland, his father Alfe-Inge and his super-agent Mino Raiola. And during the meeting, chiefs presented the financial terms they are prepared to offer the player. JUST IN: Arsenal ready 'important proposal' to Paulo Dybala as Juventus ace set for 'three offers'   The Premier League champions are apparently willing to pay Haaland £375,000 a week and top his wages up with lucrative bonuses and add-ons to take his earnings towards £500,000. City’s current highest earner Kevin de Bruyne earns the same as Haaland’s base salary would be. But the Citizens could be reluctant to move beyond that figure as they don’t want to unsettle other high-profile names in the team. City were in imperious form earlier this season and built-up a 14-point lead over Liverpool at the top of the Premier League table. But the Reds have reduced the deficit to just one point. On Saturday, Pep Guardiola’s side were knocked out of the FA Cup by the Merseysiders as they missed out on a place in the final. And former England international Gary Lineker has suggested City’s boss knows he needs a blockbuster frontman. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal    “Everyone says City need a striker,” the 61-year-old said as he presented BBC’s coverage of the FA Cup. “They went for Harry Kane last season, they're going to go for Haaland this season - so it seems the club and Pep agree.” And Alan Shearer backed City to get the deal done after watching Gabriel Jesus miss a guilt-edged chance against Liverpool. “When you get to this stage of the season and you're playing such important matches, those little chances make all the difference,” Shearer added. “World-class strikers take those chances. That's why he [Guardiola] wanted Harry Kane - that's why he wants Haaland and will probably get him.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 