Bruce Willis, who has been diagnosed with aphasia, has decided to step back from the world of acting. The 67-year-old's family made the announcement on Wednesday that he would be retiring as his wife Emma Heming, 43, has since spoken out on Instagram. The Die Hard actor is living with aphasia - a condition that can impact the brain and sufferers' ability to speak. Emma took to her Instagram story on Thursday evening and thanked fans for their outpouring of support. "Your love, support, compassion, prayers really help," the model began. She concluded: "I'm grateful. Thank you from the bottom of my heart." READ MORE: 'I betrayed their trust' Will Smith resigns from Academy It has been suggested that Bruce has been aware of his disorder "for some time" and he has sold off almost $65 million (£50 million) of property. Reports have claimed that the star has sold off his property in New York and beyond and that he is going to focus on his life in California as he continues his health battle. “Bruce Willis has been preparing for his decline in health for some time, say friends, selling off all of his prize property in New York and beyond," a source has claimed. “Willis has spent a number of years selling nearly $65 million worth of luxury properties to focus on life with his family in California.”  The source went on: “Bruce has been preparing for this moment for a long time. He knew there would be a time, as his health declined, when his earning power wouldn’t be as great as it once was. “Plus he knew that he wouldn’t eventually need multiple estates and apartments to travel between and that he would instead need to live in a safe environment surrounded by his family." They added to PageSix.com: “Looking at how he has sold off most of his properties in recent years, it is clear that he has been preparing to downsize and simplify his life for a number of years.”Express.co.uk has contacted Bruce Willis' representatives for comment. Bruce and his wife reportedly sold a property for £7.7 million (£5.9 million) in December 2019. DON'T MISS... A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman tried for another baby[LATEST]Monty Don bids farewell to Gardeners' World colleague[TV]Britney Spears swims topless and tells fans to 'say hello to my booty'[PICTURES] The Die Hard star also sold a six-bedroom property in the Central Park West duplex in NYC in 2018 for $17.8 million (£13.6 million) and sold his Sun Valley, Idaho, mountain house that same year for $5.5 million (£4.2 million). According to reports, the couple also sold a huge home in Turks and Caicos in 2019 for $27 million (£20.6 million). The actor is also said to have sold a plot of land for $6 million (£4.6 million) on the island of Parrot Cay in Turks and Caicos just last year. Bruce had previously opened up about his decision to sell up his homes, saying back in 2019: “The only reason we are giving it up is because we are so far from our California family, which is why we have decided to return to the West Coast and make our home there.” The actor's family previously addressed Bruces' health troubles in a candid announcement on Instagram earlier this week. It read: "Our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities. "This is a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support," the statement continued. "We are moving through this as a strong family unit, and wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him," they added. Bruce shares daughters Rumer, 33, Scout, 30, and Tallulah, 28, with Demi Moore, who he was married to from 1987 to 2000. He tied the know with Emma in 2009 and the couple shares two daughters, Mabel Ray, who turns 10 next month, and Evelyn Penn, who turns eight in May. 