He said in court he felt no shame at stabbing the much-loved MP 20 times with a foot-long carving knife. “You regret nothing?” Tom Little QC (prosecuting) asked him. “Nothing,” replied Ali. “If I thought there was something wrong I wouldn’t have done it.” And there you have it – the life of one loyal, decent man snuffed out by an unrepentant terrorist who even now thinks he did nothing wrong. Imagine how Sir David’s devastated widow, Julia, must have felt hearing that? Imagine how David’s son and his four daughters felt when they heard their father’s life literally meant nothing to the dirtbag who took it. That kind of evil makes coming to terms with his loss so much harder to bear for this very close-knit family. And yes, since the court case counter-terrorism experts have been slated because after just one meeting Ali had managed to convince them he wasn’t a terror risk. He was just 14 when his teachers, who suspected he’d been radicalised, referred him to Prevent, the Government-led programme that aims to stop vulnerable people from being lured into terrorism. But with Ali Harbi Ali they didn’t. Because this teenager fooled these so-called “experts” into believing he wasn’t a risk. And yes, the question has to be what’s the point of Prevent when it’s not preventing murder? What’s the point of these so-called “experts” if a 14-year-old teenager can run rings around them. If his own teachers thought he was a risk why didn’t the people who specialise in this stuff see his terrorist potential? These Prevent bods need to be a whole lot better than they currently are – or get the hell out of the job. Because their mistakes cost lives. Ali Harbi Ali was displaying all the classic signs of being radicalised but these idiots missed them. So, yes Prevent must shoulder some of the responsibility for this. But so, surely, must Harbi Ali’s own family. This young man was turning into a radicalised monster in front of their very eyes. Family and friends claim he was watching extremist videos online including those by militant Islamist Anjem Choudhary. He even spurned an offer to study medicine and instead spent hours in his bedroom looking at ISIS clips. We’ve heard his family had no clue he’d dropped out of university and weren’t aware of what he was doing for the next five years. Why the hell not? This young man is their blood for God’s sake. His parents aren’t no-marks from some trashy sink estate. They are well off, well-educated people yet still they had no clue what their son was doing for five years. Is it any wonder he was able to radicalise himself? No one was actually interested in what the hell he was doing. One of his aunts in Nairobi says she’s spoken to Ali’s mum many times who suspected her son was under the influence of friends connected to Islamic extremism,. Says the aunt: “She suspected he had joined the Islamic State group through one of his friends (early last year) but she was too scared to report it to the police.” Instead, she told Ali’s father, Harbi Ali Kullane, who didn’t take it seriously. Eh? Your wife tells you that your son might be a member of the Islamic State and you don’t take it seriously? I’m sorry – there’s absolutely no excuse for this kind of dereliction of duty as a parent.  David Amess might have been alive today if Ali Harbi Ali’s mother had shopped her son to the police and if his father had phoned an anti-terrorist hotline. Both know what Islamic State has done around the world. Both know this death cult murders men, women and children indiscriminately – yet still, they did nothing? David Amess’s five children have to walk through the rest of their lives without the father who adored and was proud of them. That’s hard enough to bear. But to hear that his murder might have been stopped by his killer’s mother who’d suspected him – but did nothing – and a father, who despite all the damning evidence, refused to accept his son was radicalised – must be unbearable. Our security services have to watch over thousands of terrorist suspects every day. Inevitably mistakes will be made, people will slip through the net. And I’m not making excuses for that. I’m just stating a fact. But the fact that friends, family and parents saw Harbi Ali’s potential for causing harm – and just turned away from it – beggars belief. Because in ignoring this young man’s evil they allowed David Amess to become a victim of it. And he died needlessly. I wonder does Harbi Ali’s family feel any guilt or responsibility for the monster their son became? When they look at David’s broken family and hear what the loss of him has done to them – do they feel shame? Because had they acted on their suspicions Ali Harbi Ali might not have bought that carving knife. He might not now be in prison for the rest of his life – where he will die. But most heartbreaking of all is that a wonderful husband and father is now in his grave when he should have been getting ready to celebrate Easter with his family.