Jeremy Vine was joined by radio presenter Cristo Foufas on his Channel 5 talk show and discussed Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's trip to Windsor Castle before travelling to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. Foufas touched on their Netflix documentary and slammed them for bringing the Netflix camera crew with them despite previously stepping away from the Royal Family for more privacy. Cristo blasted: "I do have some great sympathy for the plight of privacy for the Duke and Duchess of Netflix who were obviously spending time with the Queen this weekend. "It was a very, very intimate meeting between them, the queen, the director, the cameraman, the hair, make-up, their publicist..." Jeremy interrupted and asked: "Do you think the cameras were in there?" "If I were the producer of that, it would of 100 percent been, 'Right we want to film you before you go,'" Foufas exclaimed. READ MORE: Jane McDonald has 'awkward' moment as she boards boat in travel show "Film the preparation to meet the Queen, and then they'll go and meet the Queen and then they'll come back to do interviews with the Netflix film crews who are, of course, accompanying them on this trip. "But please give them their privacy, please, for heaven's sake," he sarcastically concluded his rant. Former Netflix producer Jasmine Dotiwala snapped back at Foufas' points and said: "Do you know why you sound so ridiculous saying that? "So I am a producer, and I have also worked for Netflix, and I will say this to you, we all say that Harry and Meghan want their privacy, but they want to be in the public eye. "They just didn't want to be bullied, abused and harassed by the press, they didn't say they are never going to come out again and do things on their own terms. "They are shining a light on the Invictus Games, heroes and veterans who should have a light shone on them!" Many people have questioned the £113million Netflix deal Harry and Meghan signed, especially since they were insistent on their privacy. Good Morning Britain host Kate Garraway blasted their choice to have the camera crew at the Invictus Games and Windsor Castle and exclaimed it "rankles people". DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway says Brits annoyed at Harry and Meghan's camera crew [INSIGHT]Netflix's The Crown on the hunt for a Kate 'lookalike' for season 5 [LATEST]Harry and Meghan's emotional return to limelight at Invictus Games [WATCH] She exclaimed: "I would say there are a lot of people here in the UK that never thought that Prince Harry and Meghan were a bad thing for the country. "They love the fact that they seem to be received so well initially, it is more their view of how they were treated that has caused this upset. "I think there is this element of look they want privacy, they don't want to be intruded upon, but they have a Netflix camera crew following them around which one would imagine it's something they can control. "It is under an arranged deal, and at the Invictus Games, it is very much the way they want to be viewed. It comes back to that control thing again, which rankles with some people." Piers Morgan's wife Celia Walden also recently expressed her views about the streaming giant's latest documentary and claimed they don't care about "morality and ethics". She joined GB News host Dan Wootton and exclaimed: "I think where morality and ethics are concerned, both of these things tend to fly out the window when there are dollar signs. "Things get very embarrassing I mean, this is just, been unanimously agreed that it is a preposterous thing to do. "I do think we have now reached a point where you would think by now we would get used to it, [but] I never stop being surprised at how badly both of them messed up what could have been a really easy win for them." Jeremy Vine airs weekdays from 9:15am on Channel 5.