Pensioners are being forced to reckon with rocketing energy bills, as well as rising inflation impacting food and other prices. For those with a limited income, this presents a worrying turn of events. However, there are certain steps that Britons may be able to take to at least somewhat mediate the impacts. Express.co.uk spoke to Andrew Tully, technical director at Canada Life, who touched upon the cost of living crisis for older people. He said: “This is a very difficult time for anyone on a fixed income, and that includes millions of pensioners. There is really no easy answer here. “The basic state pension will rise by £4.25 per week, while the full new state pension will rise by £5.55, clearly not a king’s ransom. READ MORE: 'Queen’s telegram, frozen state pension!' 100-year-olds pension plight “Make sure you are getting the most from any savings you have. “It’s easy to transfer accounts, but if you are unsure how to find the best rates, ask a family member to help.” Other than tweaking one’s savings, Mr Tully also pointed toward a helpful benefit, which many people are unaware they could claim. He said it is estimated 1.3 million pensioners are currently eligible, but not claiming, Pension Credit which could be a vital source of support. DON'T MISSInheritance tax: Britons urged to act as tax year end looms [ANALYSIS]Pension savers urged to act before end of tax year [INSIGHT]Drawdown vs. annuity - how to determine what's best for your pension [EXCLUSIVE] Mr Tully continued: “You can contact the pension service helpline to see if you are eligible. It won’t hurt to find out. “Claiming Pension Credit will also trigger other financial benefits, including a free TV licence, help with fuel bills, rent, council tax and reduced water bills. “It is really well worth checking to see if you are eligible.” Experts estimate an average Pension Credit payment is worth £3,000 per year, which could make a huge difference to the lives of older people. However, not everyone will be eligible for this kind of support, so it may be necessary to look elsewhere. For those that own their own home, Mr Tully pointed toward the idea of equity release, which could free up capital from the home to use as a person sees fit. He added: “This can be for home improvements or to improve your living standards.” However, for those keen to explore this option, Mr Tully advised caution. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Equity release can only be embarked upon if a person seeks out regulated financial advice. It is an option that is not suitable for everyone, and so talking to a professional is key to help in decision-making. Mr Tully also encouraged Britons to involve their family or friends in any decisions they make as an important form of checks and balances.   Do you want to share your story with Express Money? Get in touch by emailing personal.finance@reachplc.com. Unfortunately we cannot respond to every email.