The photos, which show the youngest Cambridge prince smiling joyfully with the eastern coastline in the distance, were released to mark his fourth birthday. The young prince was captured gleefully playing in the sand by his mother, Kate, earlier this month near the Cambridges’ Norfolk retreat, Anmer Hall. Holkham Beach is not far from the ten-bedroom country estate, which is a stone’s throw away from the Queen’s residence at Sandringham. In the new photographs, comparisons have been made to the Middleton side of the family, especially calling up a likeness to his paternal grandfather, Michael. Louis, wearing a grey star print jumper in the new photos, is thought to be celebrating his birthday with family and friends. The third of the Cambridges' children was born at St Mary’s Hospital in London in 2018, and is still considered too young to attend a number of Royal Family events with elder siblings, Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, six. He made his first-ever appearance during the Queen’s official birthday, held by Prince William on the balcony of Buckingham Palace as the senior royals watched the Trooping the Colour parade in 2019. Later that year, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, brought young Louis along with her to Wokingham, where Prince William was playing polo for The King Power Royal Charity Polo Day. Inkeeping with the family’s enthusiasm for sports, Louis is a lover of rugby, as the Duchess of Cambridge revealed earlier this year. When Kate took on royal patronage of the Rugby Football Union, she told the professional players at Twickenham that Louis particularly relished getting stuck into a game. READ MORE: Dr Shola savages Sophie Wessex and Edward's Caribbean royal tour She remarked: “They’re all enjoying it.” She added: “Louis is kamikaze. “We’re worrying about when he gets older, he’ll be in the middle of everything.” Prince William has previously joked that his youngest son “lives outside” with his enthusiasm for being out of doors. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Is it enough?' Harry opens up about 'struggle' [LIVE] Inside Frogmore Cottage where Sussexes will likely stay for Jubilee [INSIGHT] Queen's 'special' grandson tipped to be Peter Phillips [REVEAL] He commented: "Louis just enjoys playing outside the whole time - he lives outside." Prince Louis has gained a reputation for being the most boisterous of the three siblings, which was given further credibility over the Easter weekend this year. The Cambridges journeyed to Windsor Castle for the long weekend, with Louis stealing the show as he attempted to propel himself into a car boot along with the family’s bags. He finally launched himself into the back of the car with a run-up, to the amusement of gathered royal fans. But young Prince Louis was not present at the Easter Sunday service attended by his parents, with Prince George and Princess Charlotte in tow. He was absent from the Cambridge entourage at Prince Philip’s memorial service last month, at which George and Charlotte impressed royal fans as the youngsters navigated early royal duties in front of the nation. It is expected that as he approaches primary school age, he will step a little more into the public spotlight as his siblings have done.