Roma have been told Manchester United already have an agreement in place to sign Marseille star Boubacar Kamara on a free transfer this summer, according to reports. The 22-year-old has been heavily linked with a move to Old Trafford for a few months, now. But the Red Devils aren’t the only team being linked with the France international as the end of the campaign creeps closer. Manchester United are primed to sign a new midfielder this summer, especially given the current uncertainty surrounding the likes of Paul Pogba, Donny van de Beek and Nemanja Matic at the current moment in time. Pogba is expected to leave for free, with Juventus and Real Madrid both showing interest, while Van de Beek and Matic have been linked with moves away having both endured underwhelming campaigns. Back in January, United were heavily linked with a move for Kamara - who was supposedly admired by interim boss Ralf Rangnick behind the scenes. In the end, however, the 22-year-old remained with Marseille. Newcastle were also linked yet ultimately ended up settling for alternative targets instead, with Eddie Howe’s side since going from strength to strength. Roma have now emerged as potential suitors for Kamara, with Jose Mourinho looking to bring the Frenchman in as he eyes a shot at the Serie A title next time out. However, Il Romanista claim the Italian titans have learned that United ‘already have an agreement with Kamara’ as the summer transfer window creeps closer. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The publication states this ‘may be true’ but, given that nothing has been announced, Roma are still hopeful of bringing the youngster to the Stadio Olimpico at the end of the campaign. United would likely be able to blow Mourinho’s side out of the water when it comes to tabling a wage offer, given their huge wealth. But it’s also possible the Red Devils will look elsewhere, especially given the fact they’re eyeing a big-money move for West Ham’s Declan Rice as a result of his fine performances this season. United have signed eight players from Ligue 1 in the Premier League era, not including trialist William Prunier, having mixed success along the way. Edinson Cavani scored 17 goals last term after arriving on a free from Paris Saint-Germain but he’s toiled this term ever since the Hollywood homecoming of Cristiano Ronaldo and is poised to leave at the end of the season. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Before him came Zlatan Ibrahimovic, with the Swede firing them to Carabao Cup and Europa League glory during the days where Mourinho ruled the Old Trafford roost. Anthony Martial remains on their books, having arrived from Monaco in 2015, yet there’s a sense the France international won’t be given another chance amid an underwhelming time at Sevilla. United had high hopes for Radamel Falcao upon snapping him up in 2014 but, with just four goals, the Colombian never lived up to expectations. Gabriel Obertan, Eric Djemba-Djemba and Fabien Barthez were all flops - even if the latter helped them beat Arsenal to the Premier League title in 2003. But Patrice Evra and Gabriel Heinze both impressed, with Evra going on to win five league titles before leaving on a free in 2014. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking earlier in the season, meanwhile, former United star Luke Chadwick had his say on a possible move for Kamara. And he expressed a belief that Kamara was a ‘promising player’ who can help ease the workload on Fred and Scott McTominay, who remain too inconsistent as a midfield duo. “He looks a promising player, really athletic, and fits that mould for the modern day defensive midfield role,” he said. “He’s also confident on the ball and can pick out a pass. “Obviously it’s well documented that Man United are looking to strengthen in that position. It’s probably been 18 months now with the main pairing being Fred and Scott McTominay, and though they’ve done a decent job for United, to get to the next level you need to strengthen that position, particularly just to give options to the new manager in charge. “He might not be a household name, but United have shown before that they can find young players and develop them into world class players. “It’s an exciting link, I’m not sure if there are other options out there, but it looks like a good signing for the future, as well as right now.” He then added: “I think if it works out it could give fans real confidence in the new recruitment policy. “I know that United have strengthened the recruitment side of things and are looking at doing things slightly differently, finding these fantastic young players for the future as well.”