Helen Skelton was on a mission to find out all the secrets of Britain’s most popular brands. In the first episode of Inside the Superbrands, the presenter went behind the scenes of Heinz, to find out how their products are made and uncovered a few interesting facts about their most iconic item - the baked bean. The UK eats more baked beans than any other country in the world. Helen wanted to see how they were made and dropped by the Heinz food factory in Wigan. “Every week this high-tech factory makes around 20 million cans of beans to meet our demand,” she explained. She stood by and watched a two-tonne bag of haricot beans be swapped into the machine, before being told 140 tonnes of beans go into the factory during one single day of production. READ MORE: Tesco and Aldi issue warning over fruit and vegetables “In a typical 24 hours, we’ll make between three and three and a half million cans of beans,” the factory manager revealed. Having picked up a handful of baked beans, Helen noted: “They’re rock hard. Do you actually bake them?” The factory manager explained: “They’re actually baked and cooked inside the can.” “What?” Helen remarked and the factory manager reiterated what he said: “Baked and cooked inside the can.” DON'T MISS...Michael Mosley: 'Burn fat around tummy’ with the keto diet [EXPERT]Meghan Markle altered eternity ring from Prince Harry [STYLE]Jamie Oliver’s American-style pancake recipe - how to make [VIDEO] “In a typical 24 hours, we’ll make between three and three and a half million cans of beans,” the factory manager revealed. Having picked up a handful of baked beans, Helen noted: “They’re rock hard. Do you actually bake them?” The factory manager explained: “They’re actually baked and cooked inside the can.” “What?” Helen remarked and the factory manager reiterated what he said: “Baked and cooked inside the can.” Heinz is the biggest haricot buyer in the world, but to get to the soft baked bean consumers know and love, every day, more than a billion of them are washed, then blanched - a process of scalding the beans in steam for a short time - then quickly cooling them. Viewers were told this prevents loss of flavour, colour and slows vitamin loss. Then, every single bean is checked by a laser for size and colour. The rejects are then removed, and the rest are put into cans that are made on site. All that’s left to go in now is the “very special mix of herbs and spices” that make up the sauce. Helen asked: “How many people know the exact recipe for Heinz baked beans?” The manager replied: “Four.” “No way, it must be written down?” The presenter wondered. “Nope,” the factory worker said and then revealed he didn’t know who the four people were. “I feel like I can see salt,” Helen said looking at the tub of “very special mix of herbs and spices”. “It looks like turmeric but it is not, it looks like paprika but it’s not,” she added. The spices are then added to tomato pulp to make the secret sauce, the sauce is then heated before being added to the beans, already in the can. Every can holds around 465 beans. The cans are then sealed and cooked at 126 Celcius.