The National Rally lead will face off against the French President for the second round of the 2022 election on April 24. The head-to-head clash comes just five years after Ms Le Pen and Mr Macron last met in the second round of the 2017 French Presidential Election. Mr Macron won the bout with the support of 66 percent of voters compared to just 34 percent who backed Le Pen. However, there are now concerns across the European Union that Ms Le Pen can cause a Donald Trump-style upset and become French President. A recent Ifop-Fiducial opinion poll even suggested the knife-edge election result could be decided by just two percent after it gave Macron 51 percent to Le Pen's 49 percent. Optimists inside the Brussels bloc are said to be relying on the fact Mr Macron extended his lead against Ms Le Pen in the first round. The French President received 27.8 percent of the vote, putting him over four points ahead of his far-right challenger. JUST IN: Fighting in Ukraine to ‘intensify’ over next weeks as Kremlin modifies efforts, MoD warns Mr Macron might also benefit from the support of mainstream parties. However, mainstream political parties, who put up Valerie Pecresse and Anne Hidalgo, failed to bounce back from the 2017 poll as the centre-right Les Republicains and centre-left Parti Socialiste were confounded to their worst electoral results since 1965. Pessimists look at the other results in the first ballot to suggest Ms Le Pen could emerge victorious. Eric Zemmour, a populist protagonist who has since endorsed Le Pen, broke the French electoral mould after finishing in a distant fourth place on 7.1 percent. Jean-Luc Melenchon is also thought of as a potential risk for President Macron. Despite telling voters not to support Ms Le Pen, the far-left Eurosceptic could see much of his support fall behind the National Rally leader. Markus Ferber, a German MEP, said: "The election result paints a picture of a deeply divided country. "That more than 50 percent of voters cast their ballots for a left or right-wing populist candidate can only be described as shocking." Green MEP Reinhard Bütikofer also warned Europe is not prepared for a Mr Macron defeat and that it could cause a "meltdown of the EU". He said: "No, we are not prepared for a Le Pen victory." DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson praised for ‘amazing PR team’ amid partygate fine [REVEALED]Russian trawlers have access to £16m of fish in British waters [INSIGHT]NATO chief hints full-scale military force could be placed permanently [SPOTLIGHT] The victory might also pose a threat to the Franco-German relationship. Le Pen's election manifesto on defence even states France has "deep and irreparable differences of opinion with Germany on doctrine, readiness and industry". The National Rally leader even announced she could terminate the Treaty of Aachen between Berlin and Paris. The joint security accord was signed by Angela Merkel and Mr Macron in 2019. Ms Le Pen's foreign policy has tamed much of her foreign policy, particularly Frexit and leaving the Eurozone. However, she also has questioned the legal supremacy of European law and elements of the Single Market. Additional reporting Monika Pallenberg.