Ronnie O'Sullivan, 46, and John Higgins are back on the table at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield today. BBC Two’s coverage of their heavyweight clash in the semi-finals of the World Championship continues this afternoon. This Sunday, one of snooker’s ‘Class of 92’ will make it to the final of the competition for the 18th time. The two players were level at 4-4 at the end of their incredibly tense first session on Thursday night. The veterans, who turned pro in 1992, were in sizzling form as they battled for a place against either Judd Trump or Mark Williams. Four-time champion Higgins was leading 3-0 before O'Sullivan won four of the next five frames, unleashing two centuries on the way. The Rocket is on the hunt for a seventh world title – a feat that would see him draw level with snooker wizard Stephen Hendry. O'Sullivan’s return to the Crucible this year may be one of his last after the star revealed his retirement plans in November. Speaking to Metro.co.uk, the player, the greatest of his generation, suggested he would play in three more World Championships. JUST IN: How Ronnie O’Sullivan’s ‘unacceptable’ 147 snub infuriated Barry Hearn: ‘I am disgusted’ The snooker ace discussed his disenchantment with the sport, saying that his only way he might be prepared to stick with it would be if the popularity of the game continues to surge in China. He said: “If the game took off in China and it got exciting and every tournament was a very, very good tournament then I’d be prepared to invest my time for the year. “And focus on being a very good snooker player. But I don’t see that happening. “So, if I get another three World Championships, I’ve got a goal to keep me playing for at least another three World Championships. “Once that comes, it might be a good time, I’ll be 49 then, it might be a good time to focus on other things I’ve got going on and just focus on them. “While I’m able to just mess about with the game and get a few results then it’s alright.” He added: “Listen, if I wasn’t getting any results, I probably wouldn’t even play at all because I wouldn’t want to embarrass myself or get to the point I was that bad that people say, ‘what’s he doing still playing?’” The Rocket claimed he may embark on a world tour as his final swansong from snooker, a sport to which he has brought so much over the years. He said: “At the end of the day, once I do finish playing, I’ll probably do a two or three-year swansong going round the world. “Just playing snooker for the fans as a testimonial, I’d enjoy that. DON'T MISS: Mark Williams once fumed at 'appalling' World Championship treatment: 'Pathetic!' [LATEST]Judd Trump: Barry Hearn's 'playboy' ultimatum to star 10 years ago 'You've got to decide' [INSIGHT]How Mark Williams infuriated Barry Hearn with Crucible comments: 'Idiot!' [ANALYSIS] “I do enjoy playing. It's just when you’re at a tournament you’ve got to be prepared to hurt out there. “And I don’t want to hurt, I’m not invested in it enough to want to go through that. I’m in a good place, that’s important as well.” O'Sullivan, who is not one to hold back his opinions, also spoke of how he had fallen out of love with snooker. He said: “Once you’re detached, you’re detached. “If you’re in it, then every tournament’s a big tournament, I wanted to win everything years ago but now I’m totally detached. “I’m not interested in that, I just go out there and play. Treat it like a good holiday and enjoy myself everywhere I go.” Coverage of the semi-final between O'Sullivan and Higgins resumes on BBC Two from 2:30pm today.