Katie Shakeshaft’s dogs Mopsy and Scrappy were stolen from her farm in Garswood, near Wigan, last week. She then received chilling anonymous phone calls threatening to inflict serious harm on the Jack Russell-Yorkshire terrier mix breeds if she doesn’t pay a £1,000 ransom for their safe return. The terrified pet owner told Manchester Evening News at the time: "I’m just very anxious and I’m actually at the point now where I’m just really angry about it. "I just want my dogs back. I’m mentally exhausted and drained from it all. I don’t feel safe at all. “I’ve had numerous phone calls from different people. I’ve had people telling me I’ll never see my dogs again, or demanding money. “I was told that if I don’t pay £1,000 then they will slice their throats and throw them into the canal. "It’s absolutely sickening. It’s causing me so much pain, it’s really concerning." Katie left the farm the following day for a walk in a desperate search for her missing dogs but, when she returned, a number of her boyfriend’s tools had been stolen from the site. She said: "They must have waited until I left and then they came back to steal something else because I was only gone for like an hour. "They must have watched me leave and then stolen a grand’s worth of tools. "We’ve not left the yard ever since as we’re scared about what will happen next. READ MORE: Brexiteer dismantles Remoaner outside Commons in brilliant swipe "I’ve not really slept properly for six days. Every noise causes me to look around. "I’m just very anxious and I’m actually at the point now where I’m just really angry about it. "I just want my dogs back. I’m mentally exhausted and drained from it all. I don’t feel safe at all.” Katie had added: “I don't have a clue why someone is doing this to me, but it’s absolutely getting out of hand. DON'T MISSBrexit LIVE: Boris and Liz's 'aggressive' plot to shred hated deal [BLOG]POLL: Is Boris right to increase Indian immigration for trade deal? [POLL]Have Your Say: Should Boris be FURTHER punished for rules breach? [COMMENTS]  “I don’t know if these people calling me are doing it as a prank or not. But it’s stressing me out and upsetting me. "For all I know, they could actually have my dogs.” A spokesperson for Merseyside Police had said: “We were called to a report of the theft of two dogs in Ashton-in-Makerfield on Wednesday April 13. “It was reported that two Yorkshire Terriers were taken from the horse box of a property on Camp Road between 1 and 3pm. “People have been asked to keep an eye out for the terrier cross tricolour dogs both in the area and online for sale. "Anyone with information about this incident is asked to DM @MerPolCC or @CrimestoppersUK anonymously on 0800 555 111 quoting log 349.” But in an update on her Facebook page posted on Thursday, Katie revealed Mopsy and Scrappy have been found by police. She wrote: "Mopsy and Scrappy have been found I am going picking them up now from the police station. "I am absolutely over the moon." 