On Thursday (April 28), the Princess Royal welcomed Lt Gen Sir Jim Hockenhull to St James' Palace.  The Intelligence Corps Colonel Commandant welcomed Anne into the "strong Corps family" after she formally accepted the role of Colonel in Chief.   Lt Gen Sir Jim Hockenhull reflected on Prince Philip's "coveted relationship" with the Intelligent Corps when announcing Anne's appointment. He said the Duke of Edinburgh "provided leadership and inspiration to all Corps personnel". He added: "It is a most distinguished honour to announce that Her Royal Highness Princess Anne, The Princess Royal, has been appointed as the Colonel in Chief of the Intelligence Corps. "Her Royal Highness was welcomed into the strong Corps family today at St James' Palace."  The Duke of Edinburgh served in this role from June 1977 until his death last year at the age of 99. During his more than 40 years as Colonel in Chief, Anne's father showed a keen interest in the business of the Corps and was shown to be thoroughly engaged by its people. The honorary title was bestowed upon Anne by her mother, the Queen, in the presence of Lieutenant-General Sir Jim Hockenhull and Colonel Mike Peebles ADC The Intelligence Corps Colonel. The visit represents the first formal meeting between Anne and members of the Corps. During the audience, they discussed the role of the Corps, its history, culture and ethos, and future plans. READ MORE: William's university friends had to sign 'confidentiality agreements' In her new role as Colonel in Chief, Anne is expected to conduct a visit to the home of the Corps in Chicksands in the near future. The Princess Royal previously visited the Intelligence Corps in October 1979 when the HQ was based in Ashford. The Queen's daughter also serves as Colonel in Chief of a number of other British Army corps and regiments. These include the Royal Logistic Corps, Royal Corps of Signals and The Royal Army Veterinary Corps. Royal fans were delighted by the news of Anne's latest appointment after the news was shared by both the Corps and the Royal Family. DON'T MISS Prince Charles savaged over cow's face mask award [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan 'tried to enforce' royal tour rules in The Hague stay [REVEAL] Camilla and Charles beaming as royals visit BBC [REPORT] A royal fan page called 'Loveforcambridg' wrote: "Amazing news!! Congratulations to Her Royal Highness". A second user called 'CuddlerDuck' said: "A wonderful person and excellent choice". A third with the screen name Baeyes added: "What an honour for HRH Princess Anne and the Intelligence Corps to have such an amazing woman in your Corps family!" A fourth with the username 'CountessCommon1' wrote: "Her father would be so proud of the Princess Royal". Another royal fan called 'view_palace' agreed with this sentiment calling Anne the "perfect choice" for the position, before adding: "I am certain Prince Philip, The Duke of Edinburgh will be watching over today".  The Intelligence Corps was formally constituted on 19 July 1940, and provides military intelligence support to the Field Army, Defence, Intelligence Agencies and Allies. News of Anne's new position comes just one day after she stepped out with the Duchess of Cambridge for a rare joint engagement. Anne and Kate teamed up to visit the London headquarters of the Royal College of Midwives (RCM) and of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG). The pair have never teamed up for an engagement before without other members of the Royal Family also being present.