Piers Morgan and Alex Beresford’s feud was revisited once more during the former’s debut episode of Uncensored on TalkTV’s launch night. After leaving Good Morning Britain last year following an explosive row with Alex on the ITV show and a refusal to apologise for comments made against Meghan Markle, Piers took aim at “cancel culture” and the “woke brigade” in his opening monologue before fans got to see his exclusive sit-down with former US President Donald Trump. And while the pair discussed a wide range of topics - from the Royal Family to the US election - GMB’s Alex was also brought up in conversation. The moment came as Piers teed up the second part of his exclusive interview with Trump which will air on Tuesday evening. Piers shared previews of Trump’s thoughts on the Duke and Duchess of Sussex as well Elon Musk’s purchase of social media giants, Twitter. The TalkTV host then shared a snippet of the conversation regarding his GMB departure, with Piers saying to viewers: “Trump even gave his forthright take on my walkout from Good Morning Britain.” In the clip, Piers says to the former President: “I chose the title [Uncensored] because I lost my last job at the Good Morning Britain show -“ READ MORE: TalkTV viewers fume as tech and sound issues plague launch Trump nodded along before he interjected: “I thought you overreacted by the way…” “Well, I’ll tell you what happened…” Piers tried to protest before Trump delivered his own damning verdict on Alex. He weighed in: “I mean, the guy was a stiff! “You didn’t have to do (that),” Trump added before Piers tried to point out: “It wasn’t about him.” “You made it about him!” Trump interrupted again. “He probably got a nice raise.” Piers could be heard chuckling in the background in the interview before commenting: “You’re right about that.” And as the cameras return to the TalkTV studio, Piers had one final swipe to aim at his former colleague. “He’s not wrong,” Piers calmly stated as he agreed with Trump’s verdict on the ITV weatherman. DON'T MISS:'Pensioners to lose £7800 a year' Eamonn Holmes rages at abandonmentPiers Morgan unleashes scathing cancel culture rant on TalkTV debutPiers Morgan savages 'little weasel' Farage over 'sneaky' Trump plot The swipe at Alex wasn’t the only talking point to emerge from Piers’ chat with the former US President, as he even opened up about the possibility of running for office in the future. “Here’s a big question for you which everybody wants to know,” Piers put to Trump. “The latest poll says if the 2024 election was held tomorrow, you would beat Joe Biden by six points and Kamala Harris by 11 points. “In other words, you would be reelected President of the United States. So are you going to run again?” Trump replied: “Well, you know, for reasons of campaign finance and everything I'm not allowed to say, but let me just say this, I think a lot of people are going to be very happy.” Piers continued to probe for a straight answer, to which Trump replied: “I'm not going to say that. “But I think people are going to be happy. You might even be happy.” Taking aim at President Joe Biden’s tenure, Trump delivered another dig as he stated: “Our country's a mess. Our country has never been so disrespected. “Our borders have never been so open. We've never had in 44 years inflation like we have it.” Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays at 8pm on TalkTV.