Donna Hefferon has lived in an apartment in the gated community for one year and, as part of the tenancy agreement, she and her wife Lisa are able to park in the residents car park with her permit. The 40-year-old recently displayed her laminated permit on her car as usual but it dropped down the windscreen overnight. As the permit wasn't visible, a ticket of £170 was issued. Donna says she refuted it but was told the time to appeal had lapsed and it was too late. She says she is now being chased by a debt recovery agency. Johnnie Johnson Housing Community, which manages the apartments in Sale, Greater Manchester, has apologised for the stress the situation has caused Donna. But today the motorist told Manchester Evening News: "I am quite disgusted about it now, it's going to affect my credit rating if I get a CCJ. I have disputed it but it is putting pressure on my marriage. "We live in a gated community and have a fob that opens the gates for the cars to enter. I have had my permit displayed in my windscreen. "The laminated permit had dropped down the windscreen and wasn't entirely visible but could still be seen. I pay a service charge for the upkeep of the area and the gardens and it is in our tenancy agreement that we can park." The debt recovery letter, sent this week, says "the vehicle was parked on the site but no valid permit was clearly displayed and a PCN was correctly and legitimately issued as a result." The contravention happened in November last year and has caused Donna significant stress since then. But this week, Johnnie Johnson Housing Community confirmed the ticket had been cancelled. A spokesperson for Marsland House said: "Marsland House has limited parking, so to prevent the wider community from parking in the customer only parking spaces, Johnnie Johnson Housing consulted with residents about putting a permit holder parking system in place. The residents voted for this, and the scheme has now been in place for several years. "The Community Housing Officer for the local area is responsible for issuing permits to the residents. The permits must be clearly displayed on the car windscreen to prevent a parking ticket being issued. On occasion the permit gets forgotten or slips down, when this happens, we ask the resident to contact their Community Housing Officer straight away in order for her to contact the parking enforcement team to verify that they are a permit holder and that the ticket can be waived. "However, if the Community Housing Officer is not informed that this has happened, the parking enforcement team continue with their process and a fine may be issued. As soon as we become aware of any issues, we step in to try and resolve them. Our Community Housing Officers will always endeavour to work with our residents to ensure that they are receiving the support and help they require. "In this case, we spoke with Donna Hefferon and then contacted the parking enforcement team on her behalf. As a result, the ticket was cancelled, and the matter is now closed. We apologise for any stress or inconvenience this may have caused Donna Hefferon and can confirm there is no longer an outstanding fine." 