Manchester United players have reportedly been informed about Erik ten Hag's imminent appointment as boss. The Dutchman already has a verbal agreement in place to take the reins from the end of the season, and an announcement is expected after the Red Devils' clash with Arsenal this Saturday. United fans were left crying out for a shred of good news after they were thrashed 4-0 by Liverpool at Anfield on Tuesday evening. They were forced to withstanding another brutally lacklustre performance as the Reds ran riot, much as they did at Old Trafford earlier this season. They may not have to wait too long for the good news to come, as The Mirror report that players have already been made aware of Ten Hag's arrival. It adds that an official announcement, which was supposedly being put off out of respect to Ajax, is expected after Saturday's date with the Gunners. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick is still poised to see out his touchline duties until the end of the campaign, although many players and fans appear to have given up on hopes of finishing in the top four and qualifying for next season's Champions League. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Conte 'a fan' of Kalvin Phillips but move rests on major Daniel Levy doubt  Ten Hag is expected to oversee a dramatic revamp this summer, the need for which was hammered home further by Liverpool's emphatic victory this week. A host of players are set to leave the club once their contracts expire in a few weeks' time, and Rangnick claimed that 'three or four new arrivals' would not be enough to put them back on the straight and narrow. As part of the agreement that brought the German to the club, Rangnick will transition into a consultancy role once Ten Hag assumes his new post. An overhaul of the club's scouting system is already underway, and chief scout Jim Lawlor, along with Marcel Bout, have both departed. DON'T MISS...Chris Sutton slams Jesse Lingard's clothing choice vs LiverpoolMan Utd icon Paul Scholes tells club to finish 8th in 'saddened' rantMan Utd icon Gary Neville admits he was 'unprofessional' on Sky Sports Part of an official club statement reads: "Jim Lawlor has decided to step down from his role as chief scout in the summer after 16 years with the club. During that time, Jim played a key role in the development of multiple trophy-winning Manchester United teams and was an important source of guidance to Sir Alex Ferguson and each of the managers who have followed him. "Marcel Bout has departed from his role as head of global scouting after eight years with the club. A respected figure within and outside of Manchester United, Marcel has played an important part as an assistant coach and in the strengthening of our scouting capabilities in recent years."  United threatened to make a late charge for the top four last weekend when their victory over Norwich City coincided with defeats for Tottenham and Arsenal. But the painful loss to bitter rivals Liverpool, and the very nature of it, looks to have relegated them from the race once again. Tough meetings with the Gunners and Chelsea are up next, and Ten Hag's prospective announcement could come as a welcome boost if performances fail to pick up. 