Lewis Hamilton gave a damning response to being lapped by Max Verstappen at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix on Sunday, insisting it proves ‘how wrong’ Mercedes have approached the start of the 2022 season. The seven-time world champion went head-to-head with Verstappen last year but is already unlikely to win a record eighth title this season. Hamilton and 2021 champion Verstappen shared a thrilling battle for the world title last season, with the Dutchman controversially coming out on top in the final lap of the final race. Both have endured difficulties this season but Verstappen’s win in Imola was his second since the start of the year. Given the tight nature of last year’s championship, it was therefore a shock to see Verstappen lap Hamilton in Italy. The 24-year-old raced past Hamilton in his 41st lap of the circuit. The Brit finished 13th and Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff apologised to the driver over the team radio. Hamilton has now said that being lapped by Verstappen is evidence of his team’s faults in 2022. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton warned over Chelsea takeover due to Arsenal loyalties “This shows how wrong we’ve got it,” he simply said. Hamilton is now 58 points behind championship leader Charles Leclerc. Mercedes have endured performance struggles since pre-season testing, despite George Russell registering a couple of positive finishes, including coming third at the weekend. Team principal Wolff said to Hamilton as he culminated the race: “Hi Lewis, Sorry for what you have had to drive today. I know this is undrivable and not what we deserve to score as a result. This was a terrible race. We will come out of this.” Red Bull star Verstappen was unfazed when asked how he felt lapping Hamilton and took a subtle dig at his rival’s performances. “Mercedes has been slow all year, so for me it's not anything exciting, it just happens,” he said. DON'T MISS...Mick Schumacher second as Hamilton and Verstappen faultless in tableMercedes face 'hierarchy changes' amid Lewis Hamilton strugglesFive F1 stars facing unsure futures including Lewis Hamilton in swap The reigning champion’s win at Imola elevated him to second in the world title standings and onto 59 points. Ferrari’s Leclerc still leads despite finishing sixth after a costly error. Red Bull advisor Helmut Marko quipped that Hamilton might have chosen to retire at the end of the 2021 season had he known how badly Mercedes would perform this year. There were strong reports that Hamilton would quit the sport following the contestable ending that saw him miss out on a record eighth title. "I mean, he was lapped by us," Marko told Sky Sports. "Maybe he is thinking he should have stopped last year."