New testimonies have provided fresh evidence of possible war crimes in Ukraine’s northeastern region of Sumy. A journalist from the Independent spoke to Ukrainians who had suffered for days within basement rooms that were used by the Russian military as torture chambers. One torture chamber was just a few metres wide and is still smeared in blood. The torture chambers are located in the town of Trostyanets, which is close to the border with Russia. Residents of the town of 20,000 people said the torture chamber is just one of several cases of abuse, violence and murder that they are in the process of investigating. They said that men routinely disappeared during Russia’s occupation of the town. On Saturday, President Zelensky urged the world to "prepare" for the worst by stocking up on anti-radiation medicine and building air raid shelters. In an interview with national media, he said: "We shouldn't wait for the moment when Russia decides to use nuclear weapons... We must prepare for that." Vladimir Putin is prepared to use nuclear weapons during the next stage of his war, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has warned. President Zelensky also urged the world to "prepare" for the worst by stocking up on anti-radiation medicine and building air raid shelters. In an interview with national media, he said: "We shouldn't wait for the moment when Russia decides to use nuclear weapons... We must prepare for that." Fears the Russian dictator could resort to nuclear warfare were also raised by the great-granddaughter of former Soviet leader, Nikita Khrushchev.  Nina Krushcheva, a professor of international affairs in the US, told the BBC that Putin is likely to do anything to ensure victory in Ukraine. She said: "I think this war is really the one that Putin plans to win, and plans to win at any cost. If he needs to declare victory and he may need to use tactical nuclear weapons - I’m not predicting that - that could be one of the options the Russians may be prepared to use." FOLLOW MORE UPDATES BELOW