Meghan Markle and Prince Harry married on May 19, 2018, and Kate Middleton was one of the many royals in attendance. The Duchess of Cambridge re-wore an outfit she'd been photographed in before for Prince Harry's royal wedding. This was most likely so she would not steal focus from the bride, Meghan Markle.  For Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's 2018 royal wedding, Kate chose her Alexander McQueen tailored coat she had worn several times before. Wearing a recycled look was not a sign of disrespect, it was probably a very thoughtful choice. Kate knew that, if she wore a new outfit, it would increase the attention on her and most likely did not want to pull focus from Meghan, the bride. Kate famously wore the Alexander McQueen coat to at least two other high-profile royal engagements.  However, this was not true. The official description from the palace was “primrose yellow”. Although primrose yellow is usually a much deeper shade, almost a light marigold compared to what Kate was wearing. On television and in photographs, the Duchess’ dress read more cream or off-white. It looked much yellower in the dim lighting of the church, and much whiter on the steps afterwards.  Her earrings were lemon yellow quartz, to match the original colour of the dress. Regardless, it was most definitely not bright, bridal white. Similarities were drawn to when Pippa Middleton nearly stole the show at Kate’s wedding in a white McQueen gown at her wedding in 2011. Peggy Post, a granddaughter-in-law of the famed etiquette expert Emily Post and author of many books on etiquette, said: “Today, wedding guests can wear cream—or white for that matter—as long as the outfit doesn’t say ‘bride. “If that Kate’s dress could talk, it would say ‘Wear me to a sensible service on Easter Sunday’ not ‘Weee, I’m a wedding gown!’ Post wrote in the New York Times.  Also, it is most likely that the outfit was approved by both Meghan and the Queen before the ceremony. Kate is famous for recycling outfits, as it’s part of what makes her such an adored style icon. The Duchess’ coat is clearly a favourite of hers, which is no surprise as it is exceedingly flattering, with an open neck revealing a hint of collarbone and a fitted waist. The rest of her look was equally toned down. She could have borrowed jewellery from the Queen’s collection, but instead, she wore a ring she was first seen sporting in 2008, three years before she married William. Kate also gave birth to Prince Louis 26 days before the wedding. Therefore, this particular McQueen may have been a forgiving, comfortable style. 