Tottenham are closing in on their first summer signing, with the club set to trigger the option to sign Dejan Kulusevski on a permanent basis. The Swedish winger joined on loan in January, and has made an immediate impact. Kulusevski has already won the hearts of Spurs fans despite only joining at the end of January. The Swede's performances on the right wing have adorned him to the N17 faithful, who have already created their own song for him. Spurs boss Antonio Conte was eager to sign Kulusevski in January, and initially hinted he would play him as a right wing-back. However, instead he's started playing as a right winger in a front three. The forward, still contracted to Juventus, has made the right wing position his own, with Harry Kane and Heung-Min Son completing a formidable front three. Kulusevski has bagged two goals and five assists in his first ten Premier League games. MUST READ: Man Utd hero Wayne Rooney backs Liverpool to beat Man City in crunch clash And as a result of his immediate impact, Conte and Tottenham transfer chief Fabio Paratici want to sign him permanently as soon as possible. The Times claims Spurs could sign him for £33million if they wait for his loan spell to end in the summer of 2023 before triggering the option. However, if they stump up the money sooner rather than later, they'll only have to pay £25m, provided they pay this summer. And apparently Spurs are eager to do so, having been impressed with him so far. Kulusevski put in another solid performance on Sunday as Spurs smashed Newcastle 5-1 to put the pressure on Arsenal in the race for the top four. Speaking afterwards, Conte claimed that Kulusevski and fellow January arrival Rodrigo Bentancur make the side "more complete". “I said that with these two players, despite that we lost four players in January, with these two new signings we made this squad more complete, with more balance,” Conte said. “I think that it’s very important in football to have a clear idea, and to have a good vision. Because in this way, the situation is more simple.”