Mr Blinken visited Kyiv on Monday, along with US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin. It was the first official meeting of US representatives since the Russian invasion of Ukraine two months ago. During their visit, Mr Blinken and Mr Austin met with President Volodymyr Zelensky and Ukrainian officials. The meeting, which ran for three hours instead of an allotted 90 minutes, followed a press briefing which took place in Poland. During the briefing, Mr Blinken stated: "In terms of Russia's war aims, Russia has already failed and Ukraine has already succeeded." In a daily update on the conflict, Britain's defence ministry said Russia had only made minor advances in some parts of Donbas. "Without sufficient logistical and combat support enablers in place, Russia has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough," it said. The US has announced a gradual return of diplomats to Ukraine and the nomination of a new ambassador. The cabinet secretaries also pledged new assistance worth $713 million (£560 million) for Mr Zelensky's government and countries in the region, where Russia's invasion has raised fears of further aggression by Moscow. Mr Austin said of their visit to Kyiv: "Our focus in the meeting was to talk about those things that would enable us to win the current fight and also build for tomorrow." He added that the meeting was "very productive". READ MORE: Putin seen with ‘hand and leg tremors’ amid mystery illness rumours [ANALYSIS]Putin 'afraid' protest could see him 'ousted from power'[INSIGHT]'We want to see Russia weakened!' US general fires warning at Putin [JUST IN] The US officials also told Mr Zelensky of more than $322 million (£252 million) in new foreign military financing for Ukraine. This additional assistance takes the total support from the US to about $3.7 billion (£2.7 billion), according to a senior State Department official. The official noted the assistance will provide support for capabilities Ukraine needs, particularly for the needs of the fight in the Donbas region. He said it would also help Ukraine's armed forces transition to more advanced weapons and air defence systems. DON'T MISS: Putin taunted over Ukraine as US highlights Russia's failed war aims [NEWS]Fears Biden latest remark pushes Putin to nuke button [REVEAL]Kamala Harris' blindsided' by plane proposal ahead of trip to Europe [REVEAL]