Nikita Mazepin’s family villa valued at over £100million has been taken over by authorities as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine continues. The huge plot, situation on the Italian island of Sardinia, is priced at £118m ($153.8m) and was seized after an impounding order was served. A spokesperson for the Italian Financial Police told the Daily Mail: “Following verifications on subjects that are part of the current European Union sanctions list, an impounding order was served on Dmitry Mazepin his and his son Nikita Mazepin, a driver with the Formula 1 team Haas until March 5, on a residential complex worth 105 million Euro and traceable to both through an overseas company.” The house - known as Rocky Ram - was purchased by the family in 2012. It has a whopping 25 rooms with views over the Mediterranean. The villa also comes with a sculpted garden and its own private swimming pool. An official said the property was in the name of the former Haas star and his father. READ MORE: Mazepin will fight F1 sacking and blasts 'cancel culture' sanction EU sanctions lists describe Dmitry as a “member of the closest circle of Vladimir Putin." Mazepin was dropped by Haas after it cut ties with his father Dmitry’s Russian company UralKali ahead of the new season. The Russian took part in the team’s preparation for the new campaign but was let go ahead of the second pre-season test. He was replaced by Kevin Magnussen days before the start of the new season. The Dane has starred despite limited preparation and has scored 12 points across the first three races. Ahead of the Australian Grand Prix, Mazepin spoke out about Haas’ decision to terminate his contract. DON'T MISSMick Schumacher explains Kevin Magnussen's impact at Haas [INSIGHT]Haas boss Guenther Steiner apologises to Nikita Mazepin over sacking [ANALYSIS]Schumacher gives verdict on Magnussen replacing Mazepin at Haas [COMMENT] The 23-year-old even hinted he would fight the decision and branded the move as “cancel culture”. He said: “I don't agree with being in the sanctions. I've said previously that I intend to fight it. "Perhaps now is not the right time because if you look at the whole situation that's happening against athletes in the general case, it's cancel culture against my country." Mazepin added the war made for painful viewing but refused to comment further on the crisis. He added: “It's very painful to watch that on many levels. My feeling obviously changed as a human being and as a person who wants to live in a very peaceful world. "But I see tremendous risks in saying anything at all about this case because I will never satisfy everyone and therefore I will keep myself publicly quiet."