Alejandro Davidovich Fokina has followed in Roger Federer’s footsteps as just the second man in history to back up his Masters 1000-level defeat of Novak Djokovic by reaching the final. The 22-year-old stunned the top seed in his opening match earlier this week and has now backed it up by making it to the championship match, where he faces defending champ Stefanos Tsitsipas for the title. Davidovich Fokina became the 49th player in history to defeat one of Djokovic, Federer and Nadal in their opening match at a Masters 1000 when he overcame the Serb 6-3 6-7(5) 6-1 in what was Djokovic’s opening match on Tuesday, after he received a bye to the second-round as the top seed. Of the previous 48 players before the world No 46, only one in history has gone on to reach the final of the tournament - Federer. The Swiss star defeated a then-18-year-old Djokovic 6-3 2-6 6-3 in the first round of the 2006 Monte Carlo Masters when the Serb was ranked down at No 67 in the world. It was the first of their 50 tour-level meetings and Federer went on to reach the final, where he lost to Nadal. It means no man in history has been able to lift the title when defeating one of the Big Three in their opening round in a Masters tournament, and Davidovich Fokina joins the man many regard as the GOAT in being just the second-ever to back the feat up with a run to the final. The 22-year-old can make history if he defeats defending champion Tsitsipas in Sunday’s final. JUST IN: Becker waxes lyrical about Alcaraz and backs him to emulate Djokovic  Davidovich Fokina has gone on a remarkable run in the principality, going on to defeat recent Marrakech champion David Goffin, 10th seed and Indian Wells winner Taylor Fritz, and former world No 3 Grigor Dimitrov en route to the final. He served for the match against Dimitrov at 5-4 in the second set on Saturday but was broken back as the 2017 ATP Finals champion won a tiebreak to force a decider. But the young Spaniard still wasn’t deterred, managing to claw back a 6-4 6-7(2) 6-3 victory to reach his first-ever career final. “I am so, so happy to be in the final. It is a dream come true,” Djokovic’s conqueror said after booking his place in Sunday’s championship match. DON'T MISSDjokovic's brother 'in talks' with Nick Kyrgios after Serbia Open snubEmma Raducanu retains public backing but gold rush puts it at riskMedvedev's Wimbledon ban threat slammed by Djokovic's ex-coach   “When I was a kid I was dreaming about this day. It is a dream and I am so happy. The second set I had my chances, but I didn’t play very well. I was so tight and he just put the ball in. The tie-break was also tight but I went to the bathroom and said that I want this win.” Davidovich Fokina’s final against last year’s champion Tsitsipas begins at 1:30pm UK time. The Spaniard will be bidding for his maiden tour title and to become the only man in history to back up his Big Three opening-round victory with a Masters 1000 trophy. 