Mould is a common problem for wooden furniture outdoors, but it can become a nuisance when it finds its way into the home. Getting rid of black mould spots within your property is crucial to reduce the impact on your health, but what’s the best method to banish it for good? This is how to remove mould from wooden furniture in four easy steps. Mould which grows on outdoor surfaces such as wooden fence panels, garden furniture and decking, can be unpleasant to look at, but it can also damage the structure of the wood over time. While the damp weather can be hard to avoid in your garden, tackling mould around the home is easier to do than you might think. Damp is the most likely cause of black spots and slimy green growth on wooden furniture inside, but what’s the best remedy? How can you banish mould from wooden items around your home? READ MORE: UK family denied entry to Portugal due to post-Brexit rule Removing mould from wooden bed frames, wardrobes and cabinets requires just a few simple tools - and you probably already have them in your cupboard. While you could just reach for a commercial mould spray, using this four-step cleansing method is more effective to treat, remove and prevent mould spores from returning to your home. To clean the affected surface, you will need: If you can move the furniture outdoors on a clear, mild day to help the surface dry out after cleaning. Black mould spots can be vacuumed away before cleaning to help banish harmful spores. Lots of models now include high-efficiency particulate air (HEPA) filters which are particularly useful for people with allergies. Once you have vacuumed the surface, empty your hoover completely before reusing it. Always wear gloves and a face mask while removing mould to avoid breathing in harmful spores. Start by washing the mould away using a cleansing solution of dish soap and water. Adjust the quantities according to the size of the affected area, sticking to a ratio of one teaspoon of dish soap for every one cup of warm water. Use a toothbrush to work the liquid into the spores and scrub the visible mould out of the wood. DON'T MISS:Drug resistant mould found in the UK – immunocompromised at risk [INSIGHT]B&Q is selling a £6 plant that prevents mould growing at home [LATEST]Mrs Hinch fans share how to remove mould from outdoor cushion covers [REVEAL] Lingering stains could be a sign that the mould has deeply penetrated the wooden fibres, though this is less likely to be the case with treated wood. Use undiluted dish soap to spot treat the stains by scrubbing with the toothbrush and washing away the excess foam. Distilled white vinegar or pickling vinegar can be used for more stubborn marks and spores, while restoring the natural hue of the wood. To treat stains with white vinegar, you should: If it's clear that the mould has penetrated the wood deeply, you'll want to sand down the area as a final step. You should then protect the wood to prevent further mould growth, using dish soap and bleach. A 120 grit sandpaper should work well on most surfaces, then simply wash the area using the dish soap and water combination used earlier.