Rick Stein's Cornwall is back for a second season on BBC Two, on Wednesday, April 6. The award-winning chef owns four restaurants in the heart of Cornwall so has great knowledge of the area and what makes it special when it comes to culinary delights. In the new series, Stein will be working his way along roads less travelled to give viewers an insight into the beautiful county. Rick Stein is no stranger when it comes to cooking shows, having appeared on Saturday Kitchen, Steph's Packed Lunch, Sunday Brunch and Masterchef Australia, just to name a few. This isn't counting his own various shows throughout his thriving 30-year TV career as well as his best-selling cookery books. Rick Stein's Cornwall made its debut in January 2021 and was renewed for a second at the end of last year. Once again, the show will be made up of 15 episodes which will air every Wednesday night. READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show Celebrity chef Rick Stein was born in Oxfordshire on January 4, 1947. This means that Stein reached the milestone age of 75 earlier this year. He and his wife Sarah marked the occasion with a birthday party at his restaurant in hotel Bannisters in Mollymook, Cornwall. He shared a picture of himself and Sarah as he cut into his chocolate cake. Along with the photograph, Stein wrote a caption to thank everyone involved. He said: "Can’t believe how great the food was at my birthday party on Tuesday all done by @ricksteinatbannisters especially as we’re very short-staffed. "Thanks so much to @pjgoodenough @remi_lachiaille @jeancharlessommer and Mark and all the chefs plus Loly and Jet for serving everything. "Thank you @sasstein for organising my annual Mollymook birthday." DON'T MISS...Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits [REAL LIFE]The Split Annabel Scholey speaks on ending BBC series [EXPLAINER]BBC's Naga Munchetty heartbroken over veteran Harry Billinge's death [CAST] Stein has three children with his ex-wife Jill who he split up with after 31 years to be with his new wife Sarah who is 20 years his junior. Their eldest son Edward is a sculptor who has helped his parents renovate a couple of their restaurants. Jack is the chef director of the Stein restaurants' menus and has since launched his own cookery courses at Rick Stein's Cookery School. Their youngest Charles is the co-founder of Vintners, a west London wine merchant which now supplies his father's restaurants. Stein's Cornwall season two, episode one premiere will see him explore the religious side of the county. The synopsis reads: "Rick is at Tintagel in Cornwall, where he discovers that it was an important trading port with Europe and the birthplace of perhaps Britain’s greatest legend, the tale of King Arthur. "At Camborne, once the richest mining area in the world, Rick explores how the Methodist religious movement was so important to Cornwall, and how Methodists would cook a rather unusual bun during special feast days. "And on the Roseland Peninsula, Rick meets a family who are continuing the surprisingly ancient tradition of growing the exotic spice saffron." Rick Stein's Cornwall season 2 premieres on Wednesday, April 6, at 7.30pm on BBC Two.