Former Gogglebox star Scarlett spoke how the upcoming BBC show opened her eyes to religion and helped her discover what she believed in. As she explained her journey, Richard Madeley began to interrogate her about where exactly she stands, leading some viewers to mock him for acting as though she was "a government minister talking about lockdown breaches" on the ITV show. The upcoming programme will follow seven well-known personalities with differing faiths and beliefs put on their backpacks and waterproofs and set out on foot, by road and sea, travelling over 1,600km to learn about a key figure in early British Christianity, St Columba. Introducing the segment, host Kate Garraway began: "It's an interesting journey she's going on, she's going to find God." Richard added: "It's a kind of religious, spiritual awakening for her, she says. "It's going to see her travel from Ireland to Northern Ireland and then over to Scotland and the series is actually called Pilgrimage." READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show Scarlett, 31, explained: "I was travelling for 15 long days although if I'm honest it did feel like a year!" Speaking of her religious beliefs before the series began, the star said: "Well, my grandad was always really religious and if somebody asked I'd say 'oh I believe in God.' "And just before I go on an aeroplane I'd do a little prayer, or if I'm in like a sad place that's when I would pray - when you need it. "But other than that I didn't really know what my religion was, so when I sort of got approached to do it, [Pilgrimage] even though it's really out of my comfort zone, I was like, 'No I actually want to know what religion means to me' and I actually found it." Scarlett continued: "I didn't think it was going to be as deep as it was, but yeah it was really thought-provoking and I think because I'm someone who's always either on my phone or chatting or with friends, I don't ever get a moment to just think about things." She began to reflect on a memory of the trip, stating: "I think it's because me and Nick would-" But Richard interrupted: "So what do you believe now then, Scarlett?" As she began to answer, he cut in again: "Let's go for the triple - hang on - do you believe in God? DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Ben Mitchell becomes killer after violent attack [THEORY]Vine caller argues against claims Rishi’s too rich to be chancellor [VIDEO]Eamonn Holmes row as Webster condemns elderly royals [LATEST] "Do you believe in an afterlife, in heaven? And do you believe that Jesus was the son of God?" Scarlett replied: "So I would say that I'm a Christian, yes. Which I wouldn't ever say before. "So I'm still getting used to the idea of being a Christian, really." Several viewers took to social media to comment on Richard's grilling. Twitter user @BeardedGenius wrote: "Lol at Richard Madeley interrogating Scarlett Moffatt about whether Jesus is the son of God like she’s a government minister talking about lockdown breaches." @theghirl penned: "Just seen the end of the show how ignorant is @richardm56 Scarlett speaking he buts in Scarlett trying to explain and he tells her hold on a minute what a P???? Get rid of him." "Does Richard Madeley enjoy being rude and condescending to people? Poor Scarlett Moffat!! @GMB #gmb," Andrew asked. Rose added: "Go Scarlett don’t let anyone get you down. No one has a right to tell you what to do or criticise you. You are a lovely lady." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.