Diana, Princess of Wales’ former royal chef Darren McGrady has often revealed anecdotes about working for the Princess on his YouTube channel. He often outlines her likes and dislikes when it comes to food as he cooked in the royal palaces between 1982 and 1993. Princess Diana had a more eclectic taste when it came to fruit, not just sticking to apples and pears.  Remembering his time with the Royal Family, chef Darren McGrady revealed Lady Spencer's unusual favourite fruit she would eat an entire bowlful of when Princes William and Harry were just children. Speaking about his time as Diana's personal cook Darren recalled "she wasn't a good cook". She once even left pasta to overboil while hooked in a conversation. It put the pilot light out on the hob causing a gas leak in the palace kitchens.  Luckily Diana was saved by "12 hunky firemen," in her own words, and Darren returned to work to find the kitchen not totally exploded. Darren, who also cooked for the Queen for 11 years, remembered Diana enjoyed picking through a bowl of Lychee fruits. He said: "She loved eating lychees, she would eat a whole bowlful, she'd sit there and just shell them herself and just eat those Lychees. She loved those." Lychees contain several healthy minerals, vitamins, and antioxidants, such as potassium, copper, vitamin C, epicatechin, and rutin.  These may help protect against heart disease, cancer, and diabetes. This makes them an excellent addition to a healthy diet. Darren also remembered she loved stuffed bell peppers, stuffed aubergine and "she loved bread and butter pudding". Royal fans might think Diana was vegetarian from that list of favourites, but Darren says she enjoyed meat as well.  However, she preferred chicken and fish to red meats. According to Darren, her favourite fish was Egg Suzette. The hollowed-out jacket potato with wilted spinach, a poached egg, and some sort of buttery hollandaise to finish was the perfect dish for the Princess. Sometimes if she was feeling cheeky, Darren said Diana even opted for extra bacon.  However, she was not always a fan of the 'jacket' part of the potato, leaving it uneaten according to Darren. When it came to the boys though, it appears Diana was happy to go off-script. She often went against the nanny's orders and let them eat pizza. As Darren said: “The Princess just wanted them to be boys.” 