The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have become "the toast of Hollywood" and hold the "right credentials" to further cement their status as a "power couple" across the pond, according to popular culture guru Nick Ede. While they retained their royal titles following their exit from the Firm as working members, the expert believes they would not be damaged if the Queen ever decided to strip them of their remaining honours as she has recently been urged to do by former US President Donald Trump. Rather, this move may open the Sussexes to new opportunities - including a career in politics for Meghan. Mr Ede told OK! magazine: "I can see Meghan going into politics. "She has a platform for positive change and it’s very exciting to see how she could run for office one day. Knowing her, she’ll get in!" Referring to Archewell, Meghan and Harry's organisation which includes a production powerhouse and a non-profit foundation, the commentator added: "Plus their brand Archewell would become a huge machine managing everything from production, development and execution of their projects, too." Speaking about how the Duke and Duchess are currently doing after relinquishing their roles within the Royal Family, Mr Ede said: "The future is bright for Harry and Meghan. "They have a huge network of big hitters as friends and, with Netflix and Spotify contracts signed plus shows in production, they’re already becoming the toast of Hollywood. "They have all the right credentials to cement their status as one of the biggest power couples in Hollywood." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'underestimated' life without royal platform Meghan never publicly voiced a desire to run for office following her return to the US in the spring of 2020, when she also stepped down as a working member of the Firm alongside her husband Harry. However, her activism has led some commentators to think she may be harbouring the desire of stepping into the political arena. The Duchess of Sussex showed an interest in politics since she was a student, as she graduated from the prestigious Northwestern University in Illinois with a double major bachelor's degree in theatre and international studies. While at Northwestern, she famously completed an internship at the US embassy in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Despite choosing to pursue an acting career, she remained interested and engaged in causes close to her heart such as female empowerment and racial justice. Prior to joining the Royal Family in May 2018, she had taken part in a few trips overseas as an ambassador of organisations she supported. In 2017, Meghan visited New Delhi and Mumbai as an ambassador of World Vision Global to advocate for gender equality and raise awareness on period poverty and the disparity between the level of boys and girls' education around the world. While she remained strictly politically neutral during her two years as a working royal, she continued to advocate for causes she cares about. And, after her royal exit alongside Harry at the end of March 2020, she started campaigning for voter registration in the US ahead of that year's presidential elections. Moreover, in October last year, she also supported the Paid Leave for All campaign by penning a letter addressed to the US Senate majority leader, Chuck Schumer, and the House Speaker, Nancy Pelosi. After relinquishing their roles as senior members of the Firm, Meghan and Harry can no longer carry out royal duties, hold royal and military patronages and use their HRH styles. In turn, they are free to live abroad, pursue financially profitable deals and back the causes they prefer. However, Mr Trump recently said he would want to see the Sussexes removed of their royal titles. In an interview with Piers Morgan aired during his new show Piers Morgan Uncensored, the former president said: "The only thing I disagree with the Queen on, probably one of the only things ever, is that I think she should have said [to Meghan and Harry], if that's your choice, fine. "But you no longer have titles, you know, and frankly, don't come around where you're just, because her loyalty is to the country. "She said that many times. Her loyalty is to the country."