TEAM NEWS Arsenal XI: Ramsdale, Soares, White, Gabriel, Nuno Tavares, Odegaard, Smith Rowe, Elneny, Saka, Nketiah Manchester United XI: De Gea, Dalot, Lindelof, Varane, Telles, Sancho, Matic, McTominay, Fernandes, Elanga, Ronaldo Arsenal are facing off against Manchester United in a huge game in the Premier League today. The latest chapter in a fierce Premier League rivalry will be broadcast live exclusively on BT Sport 1, with coverage beginning at 11.30am ahead of kick-off at 12.30pm. If you want to tune into today's big Arsenal vs Manchester United game you can do so with the BT Sport Monthly Pass which offers contract-free viewing for every single BT Sport channel. Today's game at the Emirates is huge for both Manchester United and Arsenal's hopes of securing Champions League football for next season. The fight for the final Champions League place in the Premier League table looks to be between Tottenham, Arsenal and Manchester United. Tottenham, in fourth place, are level on points with Arsenal but are ahead on goal difference, while Manchester United are just three points behind the two London sides - however they have played a game more. Arsenal go into today's game after a staggering 4-2 win over Chelsea at Stamford Bridge during the week, while Manchester United lost their last game. The Red Devils suffered a humiliating 4-0 loss to bitter rivals and title chasers Liverpool last time out.  BT Sport has all the action live from the Emirates Stadium today. The Arsenal vs Manchester United match will be broadcast on BT Sport 1 (Sky HD channel 870, Sky 413, TalkTalk 408, Virgin 527, BT TV 430). Pre-match build-up begins at 11.30am, with the afternoon Premier League kick-off at 12.30pm. BT TV subscribers can also watch all the action beamed to tablets and smartphones via the BT app which is available for both Android and iOS devices. It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use BT due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a BT TV subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). If you're not currently a BT TV customer but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a BT Sport Monthly Pass. This runs for 30 days and gives you access to all BT Sport channels for £25. The BT Sport Monthly Pass is contract-free and will let you watch BT Sport 1, BT Sport 2, BT Sport 3, BT Sport ESPN and Box Nation on a wide variety of devices. You can access the BT Sport Monthly Pass on smart TVs, laptops, mobile devices, desktops, tablets and consoles. 