The raw, powerful energy of yesterday’s Mars conjunction with Saturn is still bearing an influence. However, you’ll feel the heat start to lift today as Venus moves from Aquarius to Pisces. A more peaceful, content energy is due to blossom, but don’t forget your limits and boundaries, as lines are more inclined to blur under this influence. Venus’s transit of Pisces will continue until May 2, and it’s due to bring with it a mix of more whimsical energies throughout the month. Cafe Astrology said: “This transit brings sweet but sometimes escapist energy to our lives, especially our interactions and relationships.” Pisces, a calm sign that spends a lot of its time in a world of its own, tends to avoid confrontation at all costs. Despite it being one of the more expressive signs in the zodiac, Pisces are not ones to deal with difficult conversations, situations or other forms of aggression.  READ MORE: Horoscopes April 2022: Russell Grant's reading for your star sign  When influenced by this sign, you might feel less inclined to tackle situations head-on and instead, take a side step for an easier life. Cafe Astrology said: “Venus in Pisces is tender and affectionate, although difficult to reach, as there is a longing for something hard to define and satisfy. “Borders and boundaries blur under this influence.” Spiritual and expressive Pisces will give Venus more freedom to expand its beauty and generosity. However, you may be more prone to forgetting your limits. Rein in your good intentions if you start to feel out of control, and you’ll feel much better for it in the long run.  Cafe Astrology said: “The shadow side of this position can involve evasiveness and avoidance. “Otherwise, it’s a time for increased compassion and greater understanding. We’re opening our minds to different pleasures and pastimes in the weeks ahead. Don’t be afraid to step out of your comfort zone while Venus transits Pisces; the more serene energy this planet positioning brings will help you maintain composure and spark more of a level-headed approach to new encounters. The Moon will spend today in the sign of Gemini, which will definitely help keep you mentally on your toes.  DON'T MISS: Royal Family horoscope: Kate and Meghan personality traits explained [EXPLAINED]Zodiac: Queen Elizabeth II is a true Taurus - 'powerfully resilient' [ANALYSIS]April 2022 horoscopes: What’s in store for each star sign this month [INSIGHT]    Social Geminis are known for humour, entertainment, and strong social skills, so you might feel more drawn to events that offer each of these things today. The good news is with this Gemini-Moon transit, you’ll also feel more at ease during these situations so try not to pass them up as you’re more likely to come across well. Cafe Astrology said: “The Gemini Moon encourages us to diversify, put our feelers out, and pick up new ideas or tips.” Enjoy this time of cautious expansion as this approach can help bring new opportunities to fruition. 