Kate Garraway, 54, was announced as the host of a new Saturday morning breakfast show, Kate Garraway's Good Stuff last month. The Good Morning Britain presenter took to Instagram last night to share a snippet of her guests for today's show as well as a poignant insight into her tough family life. Kate shared a picture of herself with her guests Tom Read Wilson and Matt Goss. In view of her 1.1 million Instagram followers, she captioned the snap: "Hey join me, @tomreadwilson & @mattgoss tomorrow at 8.30 a.m on @itv for the 1st ever #garrawaysgoodstuff. "Life’s so hectic isn’t it & I find early on Saturday morning is often the only hour I get to myself before the kids & Derek wake-up. "So I indulge in me time - the things I love that make me feel good & stay positive." READ MORE: Amber and Johnny's counsellor says she 'would strike him to keep him' She continued: "So the idea behind the show is to share the 'good stuff' & hear from great guests about what brings them joy & a sense of well being. "Hope it kickstarts your weekend well & gives you a better week ahead! "Oh & do let me know if there’s anything you would love me to explore!" Many social media users took to the comments to wish the presenter luck prior to her show airing. Freire.mariaf said: "I am in awe of you! You are a wonderful woman! I have been following your story and I don't know how you do it! "Hope Derek is getting a little better every day. Take care of yourself Kate! Inspiring woman!" Creativeprincessuk added: "Fabulous Kate, wellbeing is everything." Leahlouisacollinson commented: "@garrawaygoodstuff - can't think of a better way to spend my Saturday morning with a little bit of me time too - best of luck with the show xx." DON'T MISS... George Alagiah leaves fans tearful at BBC return amid cancer battle [HEALTH] Judi Dench on ruling out marriage with partner of 11 years David Mills [INSIGHT] James Martin furiously defends love of butter despite health concerns [COMMENT] Kate's husband Derek Draper was diagnosed with Covid in March 2020 and remained hospitalised in critical condition a year later. He is now at home being cared for, however, he is still seriously ill and needs round the clock care. The family have filmed parts, and in February, the ITV sequel Caring for Derek aired which highlighted Derek's journey after leaving hospital as Kate navigates through the difficult circumstances while juggling her ITV job and raising their two children. Kate recently revealed Derek still struggles to communicate as he continues his slow recovery. The presenter explained he still can't "express himself" but can say "odd words" after spending a year in hospital with the virus. She offered the insight during an interview with The Bill's Chris Ellison, who has been diagnosed with a speech-debilitating condition aphasia. She said speaking to Chris and his wife Anita: "In a sense Derek – because of Covid – has a version of this where he can understand, sometimes do odd words, but can't express himself. "It's very interesting what you say Anita about the loneliness of that because you've lost that relationship and that ability for others to see your partner." You can watch Kate Garraway's Good Stuff this morning at 8.30am on ITV.