Although the vaccine helps against the virus, it is still possible to become infected and have symptoms. Indeed, some research has highlighted eight key signs in those infected with Omicron. Research, published in infectious disease and epidemiology journal, Eurosurveillance, was conducted in Norway. It studied guests at a party in November 2021, where there was an Omicron outbreak.  In total, 111 out of 117 attendees, 95 percent, participated in the interviews. They had all been at the same party in Oslo. Of 111 guests interviewed, 66 were confirmed to have had Covid and an additional 15 possibly had the virus too. Of the participants in the study, researchers found that 89 percent had two doses of a Covid vaccine. Though they were fully vaccinated the group experienced several symptoms of the Omicron strain. READ MORE: 'Resistant' warts on fingers and palms – skin doctor provides solutions to get rid of it  The NHS explains: “The coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccines are safe and effective. They give you the best protection against COVID-19.” Indeed, the health body explains that anyone who gets COVID-19 can become seriously ill or have long-term effects. It notes that though the vaccine may not stop infection, research has shown the vaccines help reduce your risk of getting seriously ill or dying from COVID-19. You can book them through the NHS website. According to the findings there were eight key symptoms experienced by the group of fully vaccinated partygoers.  According to the research the signs were: The study states: “Assuming exposure occurred at the party, the incubation period for symptomatic cases ranged from zero to eight days with a median of three days.”  For some time the NHS had listed just three main symptoms of coronavirus, but it has updated its website to include nine more signs. The health body lists the following signs in adults: It also notes: “The symptoms are very similar to symptoms of other illnesses, such as colds and flu.”  The NHS notes free testing for COVID-19 from the NHS has ended for most people in England. It states: “If you have symptoms of COVID-19, you are no longer required to do a rapid lateral flow or PCR test. “If you still want to get tested and you're not eligible for a free NHS test, you must pay for a COVID-19 test yourself. You can buy a COVID-19 test from some pharmacies and retailers, in person or online.” There are, however, a small number of people who will still be able to get free COVID-19 tests from the NHS. For example, some healthcare workers. 