Manchester City are reportedly 'fearful' of losing both Raheem Sterling and Gabriel Jesus with neither player showing any signs of extending their current contracts. Pep Guardiola's side currently remain on course for a historic treble heading into their FA Cup tie against Liverpool on Saturday. They still sit one point above the Reds in the Premier League and are into the Champions League semi-finals after beating Atletico Madrid this week. But focus will soon turn to the summer transfer window and City's main attention may well be trying to keep the core of their team together. Fernandinho has already announced that he will leave at the end of the season after spending nine season at the Etihad. Scott Carson is the only other player out of contract this summer, but 2023 could present a few problems for Guardiola. Sterling, Jesus, Riyad Mahrez and Ilkay Gundogan are all out of contract next year with no progress made on deals for any of them so far. Gundogan has already made it clear that he plans to stay beyond his current contract, and it appears as though Mahrez will also sign new terms at the club. JUST IN: Man City changes Guardiola must make for FA Cup semi after injuries  According to TeamTALK, Mahrez is expected to be handed a raise on his current £120,000-a-week deal. The 31-year-old is City's top scorer in all competitions this season with 22 goals while also providing seven assists. But there are genuine concerns over the futures of both Sterling and Jesus, who are said to be attracting interest from clubs all over Europe. City are said to be hoping to hear from the two attackers on their plans for the future 'in the coming weeks'. DON'T MISS  There is reportedly 'some alarm' that City may have to start considering offers for the pair heading into the summer transfer window. Borussia Dortmund, Paris Saint-Germain, Atletico Madrid and Juventus are all said to be strong admirers of Jesus. Meanwhile, Sterling has long been linked with a move to Barcelona who 'remain keen' on the England international. Both Jesus and Sterling have been regulars in Guardiola's starting line-up this season and the former grabbed an important goal in the recent 2-2 win over Liverpool. Sterling's goals have dried up of late, although he did bag a hat-trick against Norwich back in February.