Royal fans have delighted in the births of three royal Cambridge children in recent years, with the first and future King, Prince George, born in 2013. Princess Charlotte, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William's only daughter, was born in 2015, and little Prince Louis followed in 2018. As the grandchildren and children of future kings, the three Cambridge children represent the future of the monarchy, but their names were selected by Kate and William to pay tribute to royals of the past and present.  Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge is the latest in a long line of royal George's, and his name was likely a tribute to the Queen's beloved father, King George VI. Provided neither Prince Charles nor Prince William chooses George as their regnal name when they become King, Prince George will likely reign as King George VII when he inherits the throne. The first of George's middle names is Alexander, and this name is thought to be a tribute to the Queen as her middle name is Alexandra. And George's middle name of Louis is also Prince William's middle name, and it is thought to be a tribute to Prince Philip's beloved uncle, Lord Louis Mountbatten.  READ MORE: Royal horoscope: Meghan and Harry here for something 'very important' Princess Charlotte Elizabeth Diana of Cambridge is fourth in the line of succession to the British throne, so it stands to reason that she has a suitably royal name. Charlotte is a traditionally regal name and it was famously held by King George III's wife Queen Charlotte. But the Cambridges reportedly chose the name Charlotte in tribute to William's father Prince Charles, with Charlotte being a feminine equivalent name to Charles. Charlotte is also the middle name of Kate's sister Pippa Middleton.   Charlotte shares her middle name of Elizabeth with several royal women, including Princess Beatrice, Lady Louise Windsor and Zara Tindall, and it is a clear tribute to the Queen. Charlotte also shares the middle name with her mother Kate, who was born Catherine Elizabeth Middleton in 1982. Charlotte's second middle name of Diana is a tribute to her late grandmother Princess Diana, who died in 1997 when Prince William was just 15. Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex's daughter also shares the same middle name with Charlotte, and she was born Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor.  DON'T MISS:George, Charlotte and Louis take up hobby favoured by Queen [INSIGHT]Kate and William have ruled out 5 homes for Windsor move [ANALYSIS]Kate and William's tour was not as 'seamless' as other royal visits [INTERVIEW] Prince Louis Arthur Charles of Cambridge is the youngest of his siblings, and his first name is the most untraditional for a member of the Royal Family. Louis was the name of several French kings before France abolished its monarchy, but it is thought Prince Louis was given the name after Lord Louis Mountbatten. As well as being close to his nephew Prince Philip, Lord Mountbatten was known to be incredibly close to Prince Charles too.  Prince Louis' first middle name is Arthur, a name he also shares with his father Prince William, who was born William Arthur Philip Louis. Arthur evokes connotations of King Arthur, the legendary British leader, and it is thought Prince Charles personally selected the name for his firstborn. Prince Charles also holds the name Arthur as a middle name, and it was selected by the Queen and Prince Philip. Louis' final middle name is Charles, which is of course a tribute to his grandfather Prince Charles. 