Connor Wellsted had been dead for at least an hour when he was found bolt upright in his cot with the "inflexible" bumper over his neck at The Children’s Trust (TCT) in Tadworth, Surrey. His inquest heard he suffered an airway obstruction. A coroner gave a narrative ruling this week to say Connor’s death yesterday. The child’s dad, Chris Wellsted, 29, wept at Woking Coroner’s Court as he heard harrowing details of his son's injuries. "I’m heartbroken. Knowing that he should not have died is devastating," he told Daily Mirror. "I was told he would never walk or talk but the last time I spoke to him was on his fifth birthday he held my hand and called me 'daddy' for the very first time. "These were his last words to me." Connor, from Sheffield, South Yorkshire, had been receiving treatment from The Children’s Trust (TCT) to help improve his mobility.  It is believed Connor, who suffered a brain injury after a cardiac arrest at five-weeks old and was in foster care, may have stood up and grabbed the 2kg bumper causing it to come off and trap him at the centre in May 2017. Dr Karen Henderson, assistant coroner for south-eastern England, said: "I’m satisfied but for the position of the cot bumper on Connor’s neck he would not have died when he did and that his death was directly a consequence of the cot bumper. "I’m satisfied The Children’s Trust failed to properly secure the cot bumper appropriately and in so doing failed to keep Connor safe in his cot." The inquest heard on the night before Connor’s death, nurses entered the room to "sniff" the air to see if he needed to be changed - but did not check him visually. Dr Henderson said this was a "significant lapse in care" but could not be proven more regular checks would have prevented Connor’s death. But she added it was "wholly inadequate" Connor’s cot had not been serviced in four years.   Connor's dad told The Mirror: "I thanked the coroner at the end for her tenacity. She laid into every single witness, she did not let any witness get away with anything. "I’ve been robbed of the chance of having my son home. I have been robbed of a chance of being part of his life and watching him develop into a man. "He was a very special little boy who was very loving, very caring and very sociable. "Connor was a fighter, he fought for his own life. He fought every day to get better. "I was crying as he said to me 'It’s okay daddy'. the last time I saw him. "It was the last words I heard. "It’s been hard, a tough old fight to get here. Crucial information was being withheld. In some way someone at the Children’s Trust tried to mislead me, the coroner’s officer, the foster parents, the police, the pathologist."   At the inquest Dr Henderson also commented on the "patent lack of transparency" from The Children’s Trust, throughout the investigation into Connor’s death. She said the Trust had sought to "minimise" the potential role of the cot bumper in the tot’s death, and it had failed to properly inform the police and coroner’s office. TCT were also said to have "misled" the Care Quality Commission when it wrongly reported to it that nurses checked on Connor every 15 minutes. Dr Henderson said: "If you cannot be open when something goes wrong and be fair and helpful then I believe then it is of sufficient severity for me to write a Preventing Future Deaths report to the relevant authorities which will include the CQC, clinical commissioning groups and further to the Department of Health. "It is the lack of acceptance, understanding, acknowledgement and the lack of trust and care that you provide these individuals who are all vulnerable which is of great concern to this court and it requires me to write a report." Connor’s foster mother Barbara Harriott, who cared for him from the age of three-months, said after the hearing: "It was the cot that caused his death and could have been prevented. Connor was let down the whole way. "When we agreed to foster Connor we were told it was highly likely he would die. They told us he was deaf and blind but I would speak to him using sign language and one day he copied one of my signs. "There was so much more to him than they thought. It seemed like his brain was waking up. He was continuing to improve. He amazed us. He had started to pull himself up and walk. He really wanted to write his own name."  The Children’s Trust, said: "Firstly, our thoughts are with Connor’s family who have waited so patiently over the past five years to hear the outcome of this hearing. Sadly, nothing any of us can do now will bring Connor back. "Our thoughts are also with our staff, who have been greatly affected by Connor’s death and the events that have surrounded it. "We will always remain sorry that Cnnor died whilst in the care of The Children’s Trust, but we want to reassure those who rely on us that we will do everything in our power to ensure something like this can’t happen again. "We will await the full findings of the coroner’s report, before considering our next steps." 