Channel 4’s most brutal endurance show SAS: Who Dares Wins returned on Sunday night with 20 new recruits who will have their mental, emotional and physical strength tested in the toughest screening processes led by ex-army officials Jason 'Foxy' Fox and Mark “Billy” Billingham. As fans tuned in to watch the first instalment, Channel 4 audiences were infuriated when Ant Middleton, who was Chief instructor before being axed last year, was replaced by a US marine soldier called Rudy Reyes while former US Navy Seal Remi Adeleke also joins the show. The series stalwart Ant was missing after he was dropped from the show in 2021 by Channel 4. Despite the controversy, fans rushed to social media to share their frustration over his absence and called on the show’s producers to “bring Ant back”. On Twitter, @TonyS1525 wrote: “If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it! Where’s Ant? #saswhodareswins.” (sic) @MattyYoung123 echoed: “@Channel4 what have you done to #SASWhoDaresWins! You've completely ruined a brilliant programme! READ MORE:MasterChef contestant sparks concern with chicken feet and blood stew “Why have you Americanised it!! Should have left Ant in charge and not interfered,” they went on to add. @vennersp shared: "Well it certainly isn't the same.. Rudy is insufferable and not sure I'm be watching episode 2.. Far too dramatic #Channel4 #SASWhoDaresWins." @Rosie12_1994, exclaimed: “#SASWhoDaresWins not really keen on the new guys bring ant back!” However, others praised the show for a killer start to the season, with @Spinkzilla saying: “I enjoyed it.  For me, all about the contestants mental, emotional & physical strength with the shouty fellas playing 2nd fiddle #SASWhoDaresWins.” @Sanassee weighed in: “Surprised everyone lasted the first episode. Like Remi, think he’s a good addition to the DS. Not sure about Rudy yet. But overall a good first episode of the series #SASWhoDaresWins.” While fans are yet to adjust to Ant’s absence, co-star Billy has also spoken about what the show has been like without him. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other media press, he said: “I miss working with all my mates, you know? But time moves on and it does. “When you ask anybody about what's the hardest thing after you've left the military, this is like being in the military again, you miss your mates, you miss the camaraderie, of course, you do. “You miss it, but it's new again now so you can't dwell in the past, you've got to move with the future and the team now is just great.” Ahead of the series debut, Billy shared his concerns with the new line-up and confessed Ant’s presence was a big part of the show. The reality star admitted: "It's new, a lot of people don't like change. I guess if we're honest none of us do. “But, then you embrace it eventually and you think, ‘It was the right thing to do,’ and I think that's what the audience will do. “They'll go, ‘Wow, they miss Ollie, they miss Ant, they miss Mel, they miss the lads before that but, then they’ll go, ‘Okay, well, actually, these people bring something else or take it forward as it should go.'” The SAS: Who Dares Wins contestants for 2022 include Shylla, Jamie, JJ, Paige, Claire, Tom, Flo, Abigail, Reece, Vince, Stacy, Leo, Cat, Pahrnia, Dylan, Nic, Justyn, Jody, Sarah and James. The first episode saw the recruits sent on an intense journey in the blistering heat to their new base in the Jordan desert. Working as a team, the recruits were instructed to cross a ravine using only a rope suspended 165 feet above the ground. SAS: Who Dares Wins starts on Sunday, April 10 at 9pm on Channel 4 and All 4. There will be six episodes in total, airing weekly on Sunday nights until May 15.