The Earl and Countess of Wessex were met by a small gathering of protesters in St Lucia yesterday, April 27, who demanded reparations for historic slavery. One sign held by a group member insisted the royal family “stole us”, “sold us” and now “owe us”. The royal couple came across similar frustrations on other stop-offs during their Caribbean tour to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Dr Shola suggested this pointed to an “utter failure” of the Royal Family, and she claimed royals are “not listening” to criticism. She told Sky News the “sole purpose of the royal tour is to bask in the embodiment of British empire, which it represents”. The lawyer and author added the institution “refuses to apologise, reconcile and pay the price for its enslavement of black people there”. She was clear about historic slavery being “its” – that is, the Royal Family’s – burden rather than that of the empire, which later fought for the trade’s abolition. But GB News presenter Colin Brazier insisted Dr Shola’s assessment was wrong and ignored the historical facts of the matter. He wrote in a post on Twitter: “The monarchy does not embody Empire. “It embodies our island nation, and has done for 1,200 years.” READ MORE: Sophie and Edward confronted by reparation protest on royal tour This, Mr Brazier added, was “long before the Atlantic slave trade”. Others responded that Dr Shola was attached to the very theme she accused the Royal Family of basking in, and insisted she must “move on”. @HDirkH wrote: “The British Monarchy embodies the unification of the island in which it has existed in for over a 1,000 years. DON'T MISS: Andrew to remain firmly 'off stage' despite settlement [REVEAL] Charles and Camilla's Coronation plans unveiled [REPORT] Meghan and Harry blasted for staying silent on 'dramatic' Camilla coup [OPINION] “This was way before trans-Atlantic movements and a slave trade, and has most definitely moved on from slave trades for over 200 years already. “That’s over eight Generations ago. Move on.” Alan Lyons added: “What is the purpose of panning the Royal Family? “No-one is imagining that the empire exists. We now have the commonwealth which is a VOLUNTARY arrangement which you can leave at any time you choose.” Dr Shola, not content with accusing the Royal Family of being rooted in the slave trade, attacked Queen Elizabeth II for failing the Common Wealth. She asked “what did the Queen ever do for the subjects” of the Caribbean islands, despite these having become independent from the UK.