Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal look set to face off in the Davis Cup Finals group stage this September, straight after the US Open. Serbia and Spain have both been drawn in Group B with the Republic of Korea and this year's ATP Cup champions Canada. As the No 1 players for their respective countries, they are set for a mouthwatering match in Valencia to help their countries get to November's knock-out stage. Serbia and Spain have been drawn in the same group for September's group stage of the Davis Cup finals, with Group B set to compete in Valencia from September 14 to 18. It means Djokovic and Nadal are on course to face off just days after the conclusion of the US Open, as the No 1 players of their respective nations. They have only met once before in the Davis Cup, back in 2009 where the Spaniard won 6-4 6-4 6-1 in the first round of the old format. They will now meet in the group stages, with the dangerous Canadian team also joining them in Group B, led by top 16 players Felix Auger-Aliassime and Denis Shapovalov who clinched ATP Cup victory in January. Djokovic and Nadal also met in a team format in the inaugural 2020 ATP Cup, in what was the final between Serbia and Spain, where Djokovic was the victor with a 6-2 7-6 defeat of his rival. JUST IN: Raducanu could open Wimbledon as Barty replacement being considered  In last year's event, Spain were eliminated in the round-robin stage with Nadal sidelined with an injury and unable to compete. Djokovic led Serbia to the semi-finals before losing to Croatia, who were the eventual runners-up. Spain won the tournament in 2019 - the first time the new Davis Cup Finals format was played in Madrid - where they faced Canada in the final, which will now instead be a group stage clash. The four nations in Group B will be vying to clinch the winner and runner-up spots in the group which will allow them to advance to the knock-outs, to be held in Malaga from November 21 to 27. DON'T MISSWimbledon explains two key factors that influenced Russian banRaducanu's 'bruising' approach to hiring coaches as family role shared'Very independent' Raducanu already told coach isn't make or break  Bologna, Glasgow and Hamburg are the other three host cities for September's group stage. Defending runners-up Croatia - the top seeds with the defending champions Russian Tennis Federation banned - will be playing iin Bologna with host country Italy, as well as Argentina and Sweden. Group C's clash will take place in Hamburg with France, Germany, Belgium and Australia, while Great Britain will host Group D with the USA, Kazakhstan and the Netherlands in their group.