Arsenal are reportedly in negotiations to sign Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City this summer, and they could launch a swoop for the perfect follow-up arrival in Marcus Thuram. The rangy Frenchman has supposedly been put in the shop window by Borussia Monchengladbach for a bargain price tag, and if the Gunners revisit their previous interest in the attacker, they could begin next season buoyed by a new-look partnership. Arsenal are preparing for a total overhaul of their attacking options this summer. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang joined Barcelona in January, Alexandre Lacazette looks set to leave once his contract expires and Eddie Nketiah could follow suit. Debate has surfaced on Nketiah's future after scoring twice against Chelsea and playing the full 90 minutes in a win over Manchester United last week. But even if the youngster signs a new deal and stays in north London, he will need support. Jesus has reportedly emerged as a serious target, and with one year remaining on his contract it may not be a stretch for Arsenal to negotiate a cut-price deal. The Brazilian has refused to rule out the switch and could link up with City's former assistant, Arteta, at the Emirates. JUST IN: Everton to contact PGMOL demanding answers as Toffees baffled by penalty snub vs Liverpool With one already in the crosshairs, Gladbach's decision to put Thuram in the shop window could allow Arsenal to line up a perfect partner before the summer transfer window has even begun. The 24-year-old has been monitored by the Gunners before, and with just one year remaining on his contract he could be available for as little as £10million. Thuram has had a disappointing season with just three Bundesliga goals to his name, but he hit double figures in all competitions during each of the preceding three campaigns, and already has four caps for the French national team. Launching a transfer swoop while the player is in something of a lull could therefore be perfect timing.  Staring down the barrel of an attacking exodus, links to Jesus have been met with a mixed response. The general consensus is that he may not be able to fire Arteta's side to the top four and beyond as a lone striker, which has provoked talk of a two-man partnership up top. With the Brazilian standing at 5ft 9in and Thuram a towering 6ft 4in, the duo could have all the credentials of a fruitful little-and-large pairing. The former is a tireless runner and adept at dropping deep, while the latter has the physicality to hold up the ball and the pace to run in behind. Thuram also has the versatility to play out wide, and Arteta has shown a fondness of players who can feature in multiple positions. While the Gladbach star does not carry the same star power as a player like Erling Haaland or Darwin Nunez, the Gunners will have to spend wisely this summer if they miss out on fourth place. Inter Milan, Tottenham and Chelsea are all believed to have shown an interest in Thuram before, and it remains to be seen how each team will react to the news that the attacker could be on the move for a bargain fee this summer.