Didi Hamann doesn't share the same opinion as Jurgen Klopp that Pep Guardiola is "the best coach in the world" with the former Liverpool midfielder unsure of the "hype" around the Manchester City boss. Klopp and Guardiola go head-to-head this afternoon in a mouthwatering top-of-the-table title clash at the Etihad. It's billed as the clash of the titans with both Liverpool and City dominating the Premier League over the past few years. Guardiola holds the edge having won an impressive four league titles in five seasons. Klopp's success has been in leading Liverpool to their first ever Premier League title back in 2020, along with a sixth European trophy the year prior. The rivalry between Liverpool and City has been likened to that of Manchester United and Arsenal in the early stages of the 21st century. Hamann agrees the "pedigree" of both managers puts them on a par with Sir Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger. But the Liverpool hero feels there is too much "hype" around Guardiola and has picked three current managers who he holds in higher regard. JUST IN: Liverpool team news vs Man City: Expected XI with three changes likely  "So is this the Fergie-Wenger rivalry of the modern generation? Well, it used to get a bit more verbal between those two, but in terms of pedigree it’s definitely a fair comparison," Hamann wrote for the Daily Mail. "But there are three current managers who I regard as more successful than Guardiola and I still don’t really get the hype that surrounds him. "Jose Mourinho has won league titles in four different countries and the Champions League with two clubs, while Carlo Ancelotti’s record is second to none and about to get better if Real Madrid can win La Liga. And the third manager? For me, it’s Jurgen Klopp. What he has achieved on the budgets he has at Liverpool is remarkable. "He is a truly exceptional manager. His great skill is in integrating players which is a talent Guardiola doesn’t possess in quite the same way." DON'T MISS  Hamann uses Klopp's transfer business as an example of the difference between the two managers. "When Klopp signed Diogo Jota last season everyone questioned whether he would get anywhere near the team, but he was immediately involved. It’s been exactly the same with Luis Diaz," he added. "In fact, compare the case of Diaz to Jack Grealish and it goes some way to showing the difference between the managers. "We’ve seen players come into the Premier League and you often need six to eight weeks to adjust because it’s a unique game. Diaz came in and he fired immediately because the style suits him. Look on the other side, you’ve got Grealish, who cost three times as much yet is struggling to make any sort of an impact. He’s a £100million player yet he still isn’t fully integrated."