Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick revealed Bruno Fernandes rallied the dressing room with a speech after Tuesday's 4-0 'humiliation' against Liverpool. The Red Devils put in a pitiful display as Jurgen Klopp's side outclassed them in every aspect at Anfield. It took Liverpool just five minutes to breach Rangnick's unorthodox five-at-the-back formation after Mohamed Salah easily breached the defence before squaring for Luis Diaz in waiting. Salah added two goals of his own to continue his fine record against United on either side of a sumptuous Sadio Mane strike. Fernandes was the away side's player to speak to the media after full-time, rather than captain Harry Maguire. And Rangnick revealed that the Portuguese playmaker also led the conversation in the dressing room after Liverpool inflicted a 9-0 aggregate scoreline across the season. He said: "We had a conversation in the locker room right now where Bruno also said something towards the team, and I said something. In the end, right now, it doesn't help. We have to hope for some injured players coming back for Saturday and then just take it game-by-game." JUST IN: Neville hangs his head in frustration in row with Souness over Glazers  Rangnick hasn't been one to mince his words since replacing Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at Old Trafford in November, and he was as critical as he has ever been toward the current crop after the rout at Anfield. The German labelled United's performance 'embarrassing', 'disappointing' and 'humiliating' in a damning verdict. "We have to accept they are six years ahead of us now," Rangnick lamented. "For us, it is extremely embarrassing. We just have to admit they are better than us. We have to be critical with ourselves." READ MORE: Man Utd icon Roy Keane sticks the boot in after Liverpool thrashing United missed the chance to go level on 57 points with fourth-place Tottenham on Merseyside, and top-four hopes would be all but gone with defeat at Arsenal on Saturday. The daunting fixtures don't end there, with Chelsea visiting M16 next Thursday. Arsenal face Chelsea on Wednesday, where defeat would leave them level on points with United, but with one game in hand. The only way the Red Devils can keep their slim dreams of Champions League football alive next season is by hoping Thomas Tuchel's men do them a favour before beating Arsenal themselves. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.