Over the weekend, Sarah Ferguson shared a series of Instagram posts on behalf of her ex-husband Prince Andrew. Across the three posts, the Queen’s son penned more than 700 words reflecting on the 40th anniversary of his leaving to serve in the Falkland War with the Royal Navy. The Duke of York, 62, flew missions as a Sea King helicopter pilot during the conflict. Within the posts, he said he entered the war "full of bravado" but returned a "changed man." The message was signed off with “written by HRH The Duke of York”, however, Andrew is not supposed to use the title. In January, he was stripped of his military titles and patronages amid the sexual assault civil case filed against him by one of Epstein's victims, Virginia Giuffre. Andrew vehemently denies her claims. The Palace said while he would retain his title as the Duke of York and keep his place in the line of succession to the throne, Andrew was to no longer use the style "His Royal Highness" in any official capacity. Later Sarah’s post was amended to remove “HRH” and then the post as a whole was deleted just hours later. The post came just days after the prince made his first public appearance since reaching a settlement in the case with Ms Giuffre. Andrew raised eyebrows when he accompanied the Queen to Prince Philip’s memorial service, as he took a prominent role at a royal event despite stepping back from all official royal duties. READ MORE: Royal fans gush as Queen shares Fijian princess 1963 throwback snap Royal author Robert Jobson was left baffled by Andrew's Falklands statement and is unsure what he hoped to achieve. He claims the Duke’s decision to share the post via Sarah’s Instagram page and to use the post to “bolster his own image” was an “odd move”. He told The Mirror: "The Duke of York’s bizarre decision to try to bolster his own image by waffling on about his Falklands war experiences on his ex-wife’s Instagram account and also use the HRH title that has been stripped from him to sign off was an odd move. "I remember well his bravery in that conflict 40 years ago. He showed death-defying courage in a war that claimed the lives of many brave young men. "I remember his triumphant return too, the picture of the single rose in his mouth. Yes, for him they were better times for the then-dashing young prince and serviceman.” DON'T MISS Royal documentary was considered huge success [INSIGHT] Queen warned Prince Andrew's Epsom presence could be a PR threat [REVEAL] Prince William said concerns about Land Rover 'red flag' before shoot [REPORT] He went on to claim that the “weird” post made the Duke appear “desperate for public recognition”. He said: “But quite what he was trying to achieve by reminding everyone of them I don’t know. It was weird. It made the duke look more than a little desperate for public recognition." Despite his appearance at his late father’s memorial service last week, Mr Jobson believes Andrew will never have the bounce back sources claim he desperately seeks. He said that the best thing for Andrew to do right now is to lay low if he is hoping for rehabilitation in the minds of the masses. He said: "He needs, in truth, to lay low for now. Any rehabilitation, whilst unlikely, will take time. Personally, I doubt it is possible. "He, despite the multi-million dollar pay off to his sex case accuser Virginia Guiffre, still believes he is innocent but circumstances meant he could not clear his name. "Millions of others, due to his awful TV appearance with Emily Maitlis and his association with evil sex offender Epstein, believe he is damned. "His ramblings about the Falklands - where we accept he fought with courage - shows how out of touch he is. He seems clueless about what people really think of him these days - a far cry from those days as the handsome and feted naval officer and pilot. "It is unclear if this was a shameless comeback pitch or a last hurrah - by reminding people that he was once a war hero. But a return to public life for the 62-year-old Xang and It won’t happen.”