Vitamin B12 deficiency, if left untreated, can cause severe and irreversible damage, especially to the brain and nervous system. Prior to this damage however, a person may begin to notice changes in the way they walk and think. Lacking the vitamin therefore causes the body to undergo a number of unsettling changes. Some of the most serious signs of B12 deficiency include a difficulty walking. Peripheral nerve damage resulting from vitamin B12 deficiency can lead to movement problems, said Medical News Today. The health site continued: “Numbness in the feet and limbs may make it hard for a person to walk without support. “They may also experience muscle weakness and diminished reflexes.” Vitamin B12 deficiency symptoms can cause damage to the nervous system which affects the way a person’s legs move and the way they walk. Lacking in the vitamin can therefore impede a person’s overall balance and could even make them prone to falling. Harvard health said: “Vitamin B12 deficiency can be slow to develop, causing symptoms to appear gradually and intensify over time. “Vitamin B12 deficiency symptoms may include strange sensations, numbness or tingling in the hands, feet or legs, a swollen, inflamed tongue, difficulty thinking and reasoning, weakness, fatigue anaemia or difficulty walking including staggering and balance problems.” The NHS also warned a person may experience irritability, depression, changes in the way they think, feel and behave and a decline in their mental abilities, such as memory, understanding and judgement when lacking in B12. The health body adds that you may also notice “changes in the way you think, feel and behave”. Some people also report a decline in their mental abilities, such as memory, understanding and judgement, says the health body. “Some of these symptoms can also happen in people who have a vitamin B12 deficiency but have not developed anaemia,” it adds. “The longer the condition goes untreated, the higher the chance of permanent damage.” The NHS says those aged 19 to 64 need about 1.5 micrograms a day of vitamin B12. The health body explains if you eat meat, fish or dairy foods, you should be able to get enough vitamin B12 from your diet. It says taking 2.0 micrograms or less a day of vitamin B12 in supplements is unlikely to cause any harm. The Mayo Clinic says vitamin B12 plays an essential role in red blood cell formation, cell metabolism, nerve function and the production of DNA. Although a vitamin B12 deficiency is something which can be dangerous, people should be careful not to take too many supplements. The Mayo Clinic states: “Most people get enough vitamin B12 from a balanced diet. However, older adults, vegetarians, vegans and people who have conditions that affect their ability to absorb vitamin B12 from foods might benefit from the use of oral supplements.”