The Prince of Wales shared the message on his and Camilla's Clarence House Twitter account. Anzac Day - April 25 - marks the anniversary of the start of the First World War Gallipoli landings, and is a national day of remembrance for Australia and New Zealand. Charles said in his message: "On this Anzac Day, my wife and I are thinking of all the courageous troops who endured so much in 1915 on the beaches and in the rugged hills of the Gallipoli Peninsula. "As we pause to reflect on the sacrifice of the Armed Services personnel of Australia and New Zealand in two World Wars, and in other conflicts and peacekeeping operations, our thoughts will also be with those communities around the world who are being torn apart by violence and conflict, and those who are fighting for freedom in the face of oppression. "In 1916, one year after the Gallipoli landings, my great-grandfather, King George V, wrote of the first Anzacs, 'They gave their lives for a supreme cause in gallant comradeship.' "One hundred and six years later, gallant comradeship remains a defining mark of the uniformed men and women of New Zealand and Australia." The heir to the throne signed off his message: "Lest we forget." Charles's message comes as Prince William and the Duke of Gloucester will join Australians and New Zealanders to attend services commemorating Anzac Day today. The Duke of Gloucester will attend the Dawn Service at the New Zealand Memorial at London's Hyde Park Corner. Later on Monday, the Duke of Cambridge will take part in a wreath laying ceremony at the Cenotaph in Whitehall followed by a service of commemoration and thanksgiving at Westminster Abbey. READ MORE: Prince Harry savaged as Trump rages over Queen's treatment Thousands of Anzac troops - Australian and New Zealand Army Corps - died in the ill-fated 1915 campaign. Waves of Allied forces launched an amphibious attack on the strategically important Turkish peninsula, which was key to controlling the Dardanelles straits, the crucial route to the Black Sea and Russia. But the plan backed by Winston Churchill, then first lord of the admiralty, was flawed and the campaign, which faced a heroic defence by the Turks, led to stalemate and withdrawal eight months later. Its legacy is the celebration of the "Anzac spirit" - courage, endurance, initiative, discipline and mateship - shown by the Antipodean troops. DON'T MISSPrince Harry skipping Prince Philip memorial 'worst of all' blows Duke [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: Queen urged to strip Harry and Meghan of titles [LIVE BLOG]Royal rift POLL: Should William work to resolve the feud with Harry? [POLL] The dawn service will include readings, the Last Post will be sounded by a bugler and wreaths will also be laid as it draws to a close. William will lay wreath on behalf of the Queen at the Cenotaph and hundreds will take part in a parade, including members of veterans' associations, service and ex-service personnel and their families. At the Westminster Abbey service, the Dean of Westminster will give the address and there will be readings from the New Zealand and Australian High Commissioners, prayers will be read by children of each country, and a Maori waiata, or song, performed by the London-based Ngati Ranana.