In the latest instalment, Emmerdale’s Meena Jutla was sentenced to 75 years in prison for the crimes she had committed, leaving the killer in distress as she kicked and screamed her way to her cell. However, after a key clue was spotted by eagle-eyed fans, some have suggested Meena could be set to return for the soap’s 50th anniversary special. As the reality began to set in for Meena, she began to bang on her cell door and pleaded with the guards not to ignore her. It was during the episode’s final moments when ITV viewers believed it wouldn't be the last the Dales would see of her. As she began to cry out, fans had spotted some small writing on the sign outside of her cell. Some viewers were quick to notice that on the board, the name 'I Beeker' was written, confirming this to be the officer seemingly working in that area. READ MORE:Ukrainian millionaire orders home to be bombed as Russia moves in Officer Ian Beeker was manipulated by Meena before her trial after she tricked him into leaving her door unlocked at court in a final attempt to escape. He had also brought her snacks and gifts as she kept him on her sweet side. The clue could hint at Meena manipulating the prison guard for a second time. Fans shared their thoughts on social media and predicted Meena will make her comeback during the 50th-anniversary special. On Twitter, @justanemeraldx wondered: “Why do I have a feeling Meena will be back for the 50th anniversary? #emmerdale @emmerdale.” While @Vanessabooty1 pointed out: “And the officer on that cell is I Beeker." They went on to add: “Which was the guy she manipulated. Bet you they bring her back for the 50th…#emmerdale #meena.” @man18united said: “@Emmerdale #Emmerdale Warped, evil Meena is coming back for revenge in October during the big 50th Anniversary week for the show, i'm calling it. She'll escape from Prison!" (sic) “I think dull Manpreet will be killed by Meena, what is the purpose of Manpreet now?” they went on to ask. Another viewer, @josh__hartley echoed: “Although I was premature about her departure, I reckon  today won’t be the last we see of her. "I think she’ll be back for @emmerdale’s 50th anniversary…#Emmerdale #Meena.” Emmerdale’s official Instagram account shared the news of its 50th-anniversary special coming up, teasing fans with a memorable episode filled with “exciting” new storylines. The caption read: "Our birthday year has begun! “Watch out for lots of exciting things happening later in the year, but for now we’re excited to reveal our birthday logo.” Fans rushed to gush over the special outing and praised the soap for 50 years of entertainment. Maggiemog1976 said: "I’ve been watching Emmerdale since I was a little girl as it was Emmerdale Farm then. 50 years is AMAZING." Beverleyw2211 said: "50 years which I have watched for a good 40 of those. Great soap although I am going to miss @paige_sandhu as the amazing Meena x" Emmerdale airs weeknights on ITV at 7:30pm