The cost of using household appliances has rocketed following Ofgem’s energy price cap rise on April 1. With the average energy bill now up to 54 percent higher for more than 22 million customers, billpayers across the country are being forced to weigh up their options when it comes to doing simple tasks such as cooking. Air fryers are best-loved for their ability to fry almost any food without the need for unhealthy oils, but could they also become the frontrunner as a low-cost oven alternative too? Air fryers are much more energy-efficient than most convection ovens because they cook food much faster, though they do use electricity which is typically more expensive than gas. According to the latest Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy data, average UK electricity prices per kwh were 0.21 p/kWh for 2021, but will be closer to 0.28 p/kWh for 2022 based on the new price cap. While Uswitch claims that an air fryer is in fact cheaper than using the oven, the actual figure will vary based on your energy tariff, location, and size of the air fryer you’re using. READ MORE: Is it cheaper to buy train tickets online? Where to get cheap fares Katie McAuliffe, reporter for the Manchester Evening News, put the two appliances head to head to determine whether it really is cheaper to ditch the oven while frying food. Her experiment involved frying the same dish in the air fryer and the oven at the same temperature, while tracking her energy usage on a smart meter. According to Katie, the smart meter revealed that using the airfryer at 200 degrees for 15 minutes cost just 20p. The next day she set her fan oven to the same temperature and cooked exactly the same dish - which took 11 minutes for the oven to heat up and 30 minutes to cook the cauliflower wings. Based on Katie’s smart meter readings, she found that the cost of using the oven to cook the same dish at the same temperature cost her more than double what she spent while using the air fryer. DON'T MISS:Council tax monthly payments could be reduced by changing payments [INSIGHT]Influencer shares how to save hundreds on food shop - 'do the basics' [REVEAL]You could save £303 on your utility bills with just 'few adjustments' [ANALYSIS] The experiment found that using an air fryer saved: Katie said: “If I used the oven for this length of time every day over the span of a month, I would end up spending approximately £6.60 more than if I used an air fryer.” Based on Katie’s Bulb energy tariff, she could save a staggering £79.20 over the course of a year by making this one simple switch. 