David Leigh broke the huge story back in 2007, which has now been made into ITV drama The Thief, His Wife and The Canoe. Speaking to Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield on This Morning, David explained that "archaic" laws meant Anne received a "shockingly harsh" sentence for something she was "coerced into". John and Anne Darwin even fooled their own children into believing John had died in a canoeing accident. The plan was created so Anne could claim life insurance to pay off John's debts. "Was there an element of relief from her to finally get this burden of lies off her chest?" Holly asked David. "Yeah, I think there was a huge amount of relief," the journalist replied. READ MORE: Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series "I mean, I think people have this image of her sitting on a beach drinking Piña coladas, that wasn't the case at all. "I strongly believe she was coerced and bullied into doing all these things - I have a lot of sympathy for her." He recalled: "And once she started talking it was like a cork coming out of a bottle. "She just unloaded for about six or seven hours telling me her story." Holly explained: "You convinced her to fly home and once she was back home in the UK she was arrested. "She pled not guilty she relied on the defence of marital coercion, which you agree with. Her sons testified against her." "Yeah," David replied. "She made a huge mistake. On the plane on the way home I said to her 'It doesn't matter if you've lied to me, now's the time to put your hands up and take whatever punishment is coming your way if you want to have any chance of reconciling with the boys.' "Because obviously, they'd issued a statement with fairly harsh words - quite naturally and quite rightly." DON'T MISS... Lorraine skewers Starmer over calls for Johnson to resign [VIDEO]Adil Ray explodes over Johnson lies 'Tear up ministerial code!?' [LATEST]BBC Breakfast viewers fume over Brandon Lewis's defence of Johnson [VIDEO] He went on to argue Anne had "never done anything wrong in her life" before the incident. "And now she knew she was going to go to jail," he added, explaining how scared Anne was. David stated that an "archaic law", which is no longer in use was used to go against her claim of marital coercion. "She got a slightly longer sentence than he did..." Phillip pointed out. "Well that's because she pleaded not guilty," David replied. "I still thought the sentences were shockingly harsh - it was a £250,000 insurance fraud, basically. "And to send someone to jail for six-and-a-half years... I mean she was sent to a jail where Rose West, a serial killer, was - and other very nasty people. "And I just thought it was... yes, the boys were the real victims in an emotional sense, but from a criminal sense it was the banks and the credit card companies." This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. The Thief, His Wife and The Canoe is available to watch on ITV Hub.