Simon Cowell lives in Hollywood and has an almost unlimited stream of cash - so it’s hardly surprising he’d been under the knife and altered his face. The Britain’s Got Talent judge looks drastically different to when he was younger, and he’s been refreshingly honest about why. It wasn’t until Simon showed his eight-year-old son Eric a photograph of his dad before he’d had any work done, that the X Factor boss realised he needed to make a change. There was a stage where I might have gone a bit too far,” he admitted. “I saw a picture of me from ‘before’ the other day, and didn’t recognise it as me first of all. “Eric was in hysterics. Enough was enough. There is no filler in my face at all now. Zero,” he added to The Sun. Simon added that these days, he chooses to maintain his fresh appearance through healthy eating and drinking a lot of water, having lost 20lbs in recent years. He did go under the knife back in 2019 with a “21st century facelift” ahead of his 60th birthday. The star confessed to visiting Dr Jean-Louis Sebagh, known as the 'Picasso of dermatology'. Costing £2,000, the non-surgical procedure involves “sewing bioplastic-infused thread” into the face to give a more lifted appearance. However, the result was slammed by Simon’s fans, who accused him of “ruining” his face. “There’s lots of things you can do now. You don’t just have to stuff your face with filler and Botox,” he told the Sun on Sunday at the time. “It hurts like hell but it gets rid of sun damage and unplugs all the c**p. “For me now, it’s all about having clean skin. If you have clean skin, you look better. But you have to be very careful with some of this stuff.” DON'T MISS...Johnny Depp's best friend sobs in court over Amber Heard abuse case [TEARS] Stacey Solomon says 'boobs are on fire' as she's rushed to doctors [UPDATE] Adam Boulton erupts at ex-Sky News pal over Rwanda migrant comments [TWITTER] Despite Simon’s insistence, plastic surgery experts are certain he also underwent a secret blepharoplasty, a procedure which removes skin and fat from the eyelids. Doctor Yoel Shahar of Natural Look Institute said: “After careful review of Simon Cowell’s pictures it appears to me that Simon Cowell underwent cosmetic surgery. “More precisely upper Blepharoplasty. He also had a facelift and neck lift.” The doctor added: “Additionally, he has a sun tan and may have had a chemical skin peel since his skin texture looks better.” The dad-of-one spoke about getting Botox to reduce signs of ageing as early as 2008, in an interview with Glamour. “To me, Botox is no more unusual than toothpaste. It works, you do it once a year – who cares?” he said. But he also admitted to one surprising treatment - a sheep placenta facial - which he described as “quite out there”. He has also overhauled his diet, after an expert warned him he needed to give up red meat, dairy, sugar, bread, and gluten. Whatever the truth about Simon’s face, he certainly looks younger than his 62 years.