The MotoGP 2022 season continues with the best riders in the world heading to Argentina for the first time since 2019. When MotoGP was last in Argentina Marc Marquez won at the Autódromo Termas de Río Hondo but the Repsol Honda superstar will be missing out this weekend's race after a horrifying high-side last time out at the Indonesian Grand Prix. If you want to tune into this weekend's MotoGP race you'll need access to BT Sport who are broadcasting the race live exclusively in the UK - you can find the best deal for the broadcaster's sports channels below... Going into this weekend's race, it's fair to say the championship standings aren't what anyone would be expecting. Gresini Racing rider Enea Bastianini - who won the opening race in Qatar - leads from KTM's Brad Binder in second, with defending champion Fabio Quartararo in third. The Ducati of Francesco Bagnaia - who was many people's championship favourite for this season - is 19th in the standings with Marquez in 12th.  BT Sport has all the action live from the latest round of the 2022 MotoGP season today. The MotoGP race will be broadcast on BT Sport 2 (Sky HD channel 871, Sky 414, TalkTalk 409, Virgin 528, BT TV 431). Live race coverage from Argentina begins at 3.15pm, with the Moto 3 race taking place at 4pm. Moto 2 coverage starts at 5pm with the race at 5.20pm, while for the headline act of the MotoGP build-up will begin at 6.30pm ahead of the race starting at 7pm. BT TV subscribers can also watch all the action beamed to tablets and smartphones via the BT app which is available for both Android and iOS devices. It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use BT due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a BT TV subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network).  If you're not currently a BT TV customer, but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a BT Sport Monthly Pass. This runs for 30 days and gives you access to all BT Sport channels for £25. The BT Sport Monthly Pass is contract-free and will let you watch BT Sport 1, BT Sport 2, BT Sport 3, BT Sport ESPN and Box Nation on a wide variety of devices. You can access the BT Sport Monthly Pass on smart TVs, laptops, mobile devices, desktops, tablets and consoles. 