Paris' Europe Minister, who has frequently been wheeled out to defend France's access to UK fishing waters post-Brexit, joined other Europhiles in celebrating Macron's victory in the 2022 French Presidential Election. Mr Macron won his second consecutive French Presidential Election by defeating National Rally candidate Marine Le Pen by 58 percent to 42 percent. The margin was slightly narrower when the pair faced off in 2017, as Mr Macron emerged victorious by 66 percent to 34 percent. However, Mr Beaune, an ally of the French President, claimed Mr Macron is now arguably the most powerful leader on the continent. He told Playbook Macron's victory "is excellent news for a strong France that is a leader in Europe". Beaune added: "Now comes the next battle, that of the legislative elections: to have a majority that will allow us to implement the program, meet expectations and not block the country." JUST IN: Frexiteer blasts Macron as 'anti-French' after playing EU anthem at election victory party Macron's Europe Minister played a major role in pushing the idea Ms Le Pen had a covert plot to take France out of the European Union. He told French broadcaster Public Senat during the campaign: "If she says: my (EU) allies, they don't exist. "It will be Victor Orban. I'll decide on my own. That's where I say there's a hidden Frexit. "Because deciding on your own without renegotiation and freeing yourself from the common rules is like when you live in a condominium, in a commune, in a democracy, and you leave the community without saying so. READ MORE: 'Elect me as Prime Minister!' Far-left Eurosceptic piles pressure on victorious Macron "That's all. I have no problem with the fact that she wants Frexit, but she should say so." However, Mr Beaune had previously made some interesting comments about Brexit Britain on Twitter, including when he once described the choice itself as "intellectual fraud". In a post about the ongoing fishing feud, he said: "Stop telling us you do not need us anymore, stop being obsessed with us, stop believing we will solve your problems. "They made a mess of Brexit. It’s their choice and their failure, not ours." DON'T MISS:Macron delivers victory speech & claims to be "guardian" of France [VIDEO]Read why Macron's challenger Marine Le Pen admitted defeat [INSIGHT]'Don't want Macron and don't want Le Pen!' French voter exasperated [REACTION] In another dig at the UK, he added: "We’ve seen the shortages taking place in Great Britain, the problems in Northern Ireland are better because they have access to the European market." Boris Johnson is even said to have personally asked Mr Macron to rein in Mr Beaune's social media posts, according to the Telegraph.