Spain is a popular Easter holiday hotspot, with most visitors to the country flocking to sunny Barcelona, Malaga, Alicante and Palma. Jetcost revealed that Barcelona is the most searched for city by Italian, French and Portuguese tourists. However, Britons prefer Alicante over other Spanish destinations. It has also been named the most popular destination for British expat buyers, who year upon year flock to Benidorm for sun, sea and sand. Recently named the most ‘British’ resort in Spain due to the high number of British themed establishments, Benidorm is brimming with British hotels, restaurants and pubs. READ MORE: Holiday nightmare as passenger loses £12,000 and gets 'pitiful' refund  @heylucylooo tweeted: "It will never get old." SECTION THREE @Fradderstokie took to Twitter to share her love of the seaside resort: "Hola from Benidorm where we have some beautiful lenticular clouds this morning." @jamiemillington replied: "Wow, unreal." Germans go for Palma, the capital of Mallorca in the Balearic Islands. But why is Spain so popular amongst tourists? The country's high vaccination rate have helped make it an extremely desirable tourist destination. This has been compounded by a sharp decline in Covid infections. Currently, Spain is ahead of both Italy and Portugal for Easter tourism. For Spanish natives staying at home during the Easter break, the majority visit the capital, Madrid. They typically spend time there during Semana Santa, an annual tribute during the final week of Lent. Directly before Easter, the celebrations consist of processions by brotherhoods or fraternities. However, Holy Week sees its most glamorous celebrations in Andalusia. It is renowned worldwide and attracts tourists from all over the globe. An event that transforms the region, towns and cities are overwhelmed by processions including elaborately decorated floats and shrill brass bands. The most popular long haul destination is New York. Flight searches have increased exponentially by a whopping 150 percent in the first three months of the year, according to Jetcost. In a similar vein, hotel searches increased by an incredible 210 percent within the same period. Searches for Easter are already similar to pre-pandemic levels, mirroring 2019.