The Government wants companies to put cash into British energy projects to reduce the country’s dependence on foreign imports even further. Mr Kwarteng has assured bosses that he will not “bend to the will of activists who naively want us to extinguish production”. But he has demanded they demonstrate how they will “accelerate and maximise domestic oil and gas” production. The push for action comes just days after Chancellor Rishi Sunak hinted that he could consider a windfall tax on energy companies, saying that such an option is “never off the table”. A Government source insisted the companies “need to step up”, saying: “These companies are making a lot of money. We want that money reinvested in the UK, in British jobs, in the British supply chain. “We think that’s a pretty fair request.” The conflict in Ukraine and the concern about European dependence on Russian gas has brought a new urgency to the push to ramp up British production. The source said: “When [countries are] dependent on Russia that affects their actions against Russia. Because the UK only imports about four percent of its gas from Russia we’ve been able to put in place far more significant and crippling sanctions compared to those countries that are more physically dependent on Russian gas because Putin uses gas as a geopolitical weapon. “The more gas we produce at home the less we need to import from abroad.” Labour has proposed a 10 percentage point increase in corporation tax for North Sea oil and gas producers, claiming this would raise £1.2billion. In his letter to energy giants, Mr Kwarteng insisted North Sea energy has a “bright future”, adding that “domestic production is now more important than ever”. He said: “Scaling up, accelerating and investing in home-grown energy production will support us in continuing to grow the British economy, create good jobs across the country, and crucially bring down consumer bills in the long-term. In return for the UK Government’s ongoing support for the sector, the Prime Minister and I want to see a very clear plan from the oil and gas industry to reinvest profits in the North Sea and, importantly, in the clean energy technologies of the future. “[I] would like you to set out how you will reinvest profits, double down on investments in the clean energy transition and importantly accelerate and maximise domestic oil and gas production. We need to collectively show the British people how the success of our offshore oil and gas sector has a direct and enduring benefit to the British economy and people’s jobs and livelihoods in order to protect the North Sea as a major UK energy asset for decades to come.”