The 37-year-old, and his wife Meghan Markle, are in line to attend the wedding of the weekend, as Brooklyn Beckham marries his fiancée Nicola Peltz. Reports suggest the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would be welcomed to the nuptials after Brooklyn's parents, David and Victoria Beckham, were invited to their own ceremony, and reception, in 2018. A source said Harry and Meghan were among those invited, adding: “Prince Harry and Meghan are top of the pile as David and Victoria are good friends with them and know their attendance would make the day even more special. “Brooklyn’s godfather, Sir Elton John, is also a good pal of Harry and Meghan’s and Victoria and David hope his presence will also encourage them to take a pew." This week Harry missed out on a special tribute in the UK to his grandfather, Prince Philip, who died aged 99 last year. He has only returned back to his country of birth twice since ditching his royal duties in 2020 - Philip's funeral, and a statue unveiling for his late mother, Princess Diana. But that doesn't mean he has been completely forgotten by his royal counterparts, particularly as a memoir on his life is expected to be published later this year. While it remains unclear the exact details of its contents, author Robert Jobson was highly critical of Harry, accusing him of "not giving a damn" about his family's feelings as a result of his book. Mr Jobson said last year: "I think he seems slightly detached from the things he does because when he talks about the Queen he talks of great fondness, and talks of great respect for her, and all of these things. "But almost with a day, something comes out like his latest project that he has been working on for many many months with this ghostwriter in America. "So he obviously knows what he has been up to and it is almost like he has been playing a game with the royals." JUST IN: Royal Family LIVE: 'Rude' Meghan and Harry's 'pointed snub' to family He added: "I am intrigued [by the memoir], I am looking forward to reading it. "I think it is going to have a massive impact on the Royal Family. Harry does not give a damn about the feelings of his grandmother, or his brother or his father." The book deal Harry signed is reportedly surrounding four memoirs, including one that will only be released after his grandmother, the Queen, dies. Tensions within Harry's inner royal circle have remained frosty, particularly after he and Meghan quit their royal duties in 2020, opting for a new start across the pond. DON'T MISS:Harry's heartbreak as more Invictus Games members killed in Ukraine [INSIGHT]Kate and Wills 'jumped on bandwagon' after Meghan and Harry set trend [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry tipped for new revelations in memoir [LATEST] They were joined by their son Archie, and recently added young Lilibet to their growing family now living in the US. Despite the issues surrounding their split away from senior royal duties, Harry reported remaining close to his cousins Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice. Though an insider claimed even they were left stunned by the book deal Harry had signed. A source said: "The emotional turmoil as they wait over a year for publication is going to be torturous. "What's really telling is even the relatives he remains closest to, like princesses Eugenie and Beatrice, are stunned by what he's up to." The source added: "Let’s be honest, Harry has never been close to the Duchess of Cornwall. If he documents their fraught relationship in the book it could be very damaging at a time when Charles is laying the groundwork for her to become Queen.” The book's release was confirmed by Penguin Random House. In a statement, Harry claimed he was "writing [his memoir] now as the prince I was born but as the man I have become". He added: "I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story—the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned—I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think. "I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful."