Major General Rustam Minnekayev revealed for the first time that the Russian army will try to seize all of southern Ukraine and repeated widely-discredited Russian propaganda of oppression of Russian-speaking people in Moldova. Many towns and cities in the south of Ukraine have been under de-facto Russian occupation for almost two months, with the Russian military raising Russian flags over Ukrainian towns and in some places installing pro-Russian mayors to replace local legitimate authorities. Ukraine responded to the comments by saying Moscow had “stopped hiding” their ambitions and “imperialist” Russia wants to seize territory. Rustam Minnekayev, deputy commander of Russia's central military district said: “Since the beginning of the second phase of the special operation, it has already begun literally two days ago, one of the tasks of the Russian army is to establish full control over the Donbass and southern Ukraine. “This will provide a land corridor to the Crimea, as well as influence the vital objects of the Ukrainian economy. "Control over the south of Ukraine is another way out to Transnistria, where there are also facts of oppression of the Russian-speaking population.” This has prompted renewed fears that Russian forces will push towards the major Ukrainian cities of Mykolaiv and Odesa. Ukraine said Major General Minnekayev’s comments had given the lie to Russia's previous assertions that it has no territorial ambitions. "They stopped hiding it," Ukraine's defence ministry said on Twitter. Russia had "acknowledged that the goal of the 'second phase' of the war is not victory over the mythical Nazis, but simply the occupation of eastern and southern Ukraine. Imperialism as it is."  Ukraine's general staff said Russian forces had increased attacks along the whole frontline in the east and were trying to mount an offensive in the Kharkiv region, north of Russia's main target, the Donbas. In a Russian-held section of the Mariupol, volunteers in white hazmat suits and masks roved the ruins, collecting bodies from inside apartments and loading them onto a truck marked with the letter "Z", symbol of Russia's invasion. And new satellite images appear to show mass graves near Mariupol that could contain as many as 9,000 civilians, Ukrainian officials claim. Mayor Vadym Boychenko accused the Russians of “hiding their military crimes” by taking the bodies of civilians from the city and burying them there. Mr Boychenko labelled Russian actions in the city as "the new Babi Yar", a reference to the site of multiple Nazi massacres in which nearly 34,000 Ukrainian Jews were killed in 1941. "The bodies of the dead were being brought by the truckload and actually simply being dumped in mounds," an aide to Mr Boychenko, Piotr Andryushchenko, said on the Telegram messaging service.  Russian President Vladimir Putin claimed victory in the battle for Mariupol on Thursday, despite the presence of an estimated 2,000 Ukrainian fighters holed up at the Azovstal steel mill. But Ukrainian troops holed up in the Azovstal steel mill have vowed to continue fighting for freedom. Captain Svyatoslav Palamar from the Azov Battalion insisted: “I always say that as long as we are here, Mariupol remains under control of Ukraine. “All the buildings in the territory of Azovstal are practically destroyed. They drop heavy bombs, bunker-busting bombs which cause huge destruction. We have wounded and dead inside the bunkers. Some civilians remain trapped under the collapsed buildings.” Palamar said the civilians are in separate basements to the fighters, each full of 80 to 100 people, as he claimed there were 'enough to repel attacks' stationed inside. He said: “We keep in touch with those civilians who stay in places that we can get to. We know that there are small children there as young as three months old.”  The British Ministry of Defence said of the change in Russian tactics in Mariupol: "Putin's decision to blockade the Azovstal steel plant likely indicates a desire to contain Ukrainian resistance in Mariupol and free up Russian forces to be deployed elsewhere in eastern Ukraine." In Luhansk, Russian troops opened fire at an evacuation bus with 25 people onboard from the city of Popasna, local officials said. The head of the Luhansk regional military administration Serhiy Haidai said: ‘"This evacuation was special and extremely dangerous. 22 passengers were seated. There were a 25-year-old boy, who was injured in the back and leg, and a paralyzed elderly woman in a stretcher on the floor.” 