Mrs Hinch fans often share their own cleaning tips and tricks on dedicated online forums. Taking to the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips page, Sarah Bossons wrote: “Hello, does anyone have any tips for getting lily pollen out of carpets? I must have brushed past the lilies and didn’t realise.” Lily pollen can stain everything from clothing and carpets to household surfaces, leaving yellow or brown marks. Pollen stains are caused by a dusty powder which often penetrates into the fibres of carpets. They can be extremely hard to remove, resisting the majority of cleaning products. If not targeted as soon as possible, some may even remain indefinitely. Mrs Hinch fans headed to the comments to share their top tips, which included using shaving foam. READ MORE: Princess Anne's £750k home has 'decor of a 100-year-old' - see inside Caroline Quinn commented: “Use shaving foam. I had to do this last week for my new carpet. “Leave it on for 10 minutes, then brush it in, it works.” Nicola Ross said: “Use shaving foam!” Alison Emmet wrote: “Shaving foam will banish the pollen as long as it hasn’t sunk in. If it hasn’t sunk in yet, may be worth using sticky tape.” DON'T MISS:Phil Spencer: Top tips on preparing to move home [EXPERT]How to properly wash your bed sheets to ‘eradicate dust mites’ [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans use white vinegar to clean television screens [COMMENT] One Mrs Hinch fan recommended picking up a cheap shaving foam. Honor Mitchell said: “I don’t have shaving foam in the house so I picked up a cheap one in B&M for 50p and it did the trick.” Shaving foam is a form of whipped soap, which means when applied, it lathers up. This can help generate and add moisture into the skin, lifting it up. It can also be used to help remove stains from clothing and mattresses. Other group members recommended using a carpet cleaner. Becky Wattson commented: “The Dr Beckmann Carpet Stain Remover is amazing. “I had a stain and it got it out straight away, it’s brilliant. It has even worked on my sofa. “I highly recommend it, I picked it up for £2.99 and most places sell it.” Ellie Ive said: “I wanted to recommend that product too, it works wonders.” The product claims to remove spillages such as red wine, coffee, fruit juice and grease as well as other common household stains. It comes with a built-in brush, making the cleaning process simple. The product can be picked up in supermarkets as well as stores such as B&M.