Pluto will remain in retrograde until October 8, and this shift is due to bring a change of personal direction with it. This shift might evoke some initial confusion and heaviness as it elucidates problems you might have previously been ignoring. However, this new insight will prove invaluable for self-development. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for April 29. Pluto, the planet of transformation and self-destruction enters retrograde in the sign of Capricorn, meaning today is a day to really look inward, whether you want to or not. Cafe Astrology said: “Pluto’s retrograde cycle itself is an excellent period for research and gaining new insight into our self-destructive tendencies, control needs, and search for the truth by looking within. “Outward pressures may ease somewhat during this period. Over the coming months, we may be reassessing how we use our power.” The Sun is due to form a semi-square with Neptune today, which might cause you to feel indecisive or lethargic. READ MORE: When is the Eid al-Fitr 2022 moon sighting - key date explained  Cafe Astrology said: “Our willpower may not be as strong as usual as we stray from our goals and temporarily lose focus. “This aspect serves as a gentle reminder to consider our needs for downtime, fantasy, or spiritual refreshment.” Today marks the eve of a New Moon solar eclipse, making it perfectly acceptable to invest in a full wind-down. Mercury will move into Gemini today, and this cycle will last until May 22, but due to Mercury’s upcoming retrograde cycle (from May 10 to June 3), Mercury will enter Gemini again from June 13 to July 5.  Cafe Astrology said: “Mercury rules Gemini and is exceptionally comfortable in the sign. “This transit piques our curiosity and motivates us to reach out, learn, and share.” During a Mercury-Gemini transit, we tend to be especially communicative, curious, and sociable. DON'T MISS: NASA's Mars helicopter spots 'otherworldly' wreckage on Red Planet [ANALYSIS]NASA detects first seismic activity on Mars’ far side [INSIGHT]Vitamin B12 deficiency: Two symptoms to spot [EXPLAINED]   Although during these transits, more pleasure is taken in gaining a superficial knowledge of many subjects rather than digging deep into any one topic. You might be especially astute when it comes to arguing or making a point during this period, and you might feel more comfortable accepting change. At 1.19am BST, the moon will move into steady Taurus, which will bring with it a heightened sense of security and balance. The grounded nature of Taurus will allow you to focus better, so if you’ve been putting anything off in recent weeks, take time to tackle it on Saturday as you’re more likely to see some success. 