Liam Gallagher has opened up on his agonising arthritis battle, admitting he’s been told he should get a hip replacement. But the Oasis star refuses to have the surgery, vowing to use a wheelchair instead. Liam, 49, explained he was in agony every single day due to the chronic condition. He has been forced to give up running, and can only sleep through the pain with the use of sleeping tablets. But while he has been offered the option of surgery that could help ease the discomfort, replacing his hip with an artificial implant, Liam has refused to take doctors up on the offer. “My hips are f***ed, I’ve got arthritis, bad,” he said. READ MORE: Rod Stewart, 77, dotes on wife Penny Lancaster, 51, in loved-up snap “I went to get it checked out and my bones are mashed up. The lady was going, ‘Oh, you might need a hip operation, a replacement.’ “I think I’d rather just be in pain. Which is ridiculous, obviously. I know that. Just get them fixed. But it’s the stigma, saying you’ve had your hips replaced.  What’s next?” he added. Liam went on to explain to The Sun that he had been told he could die on the operating table, and he’d surmised it simply wasn’t worth the risk. In his typical style, he poked fun at his condition, joking that his fiancee Debbie Gwyther could push him around in the wheelchair “like Little Britain”. It’s not the first time Liam has opened up on his arthritis, which he was diagnosed with in 2019. “When the weather’s cold, my hips are like snap, crackle and pop. I need warmth,” he said in a previous interview. “I can’t sleep at night for the pain. Tossing and turning. So I’m on herbal sleeping tablets and they’ve saved my life. One of them, seven hours out, no pain, nothing. “My new thing is Deep Heat. Caked myself in it on the knees and hips, the calves, then into the steam room for as long as I can handle it,” the star told MoJo. He also revealed he undergoes acupuncture for calf pain which is caused by the arthritis. "This geezer is mega, he doesn’t f**k about,” said Liam. "He gets the needles and whacks them in. He sorts it but it keeps coming back. Acupuncture is alright, at least it’s needles. "I can convince myself it’s still a bit rock 'n' roll,” he added to Q Magazine. Liam has been open about his several other health battles too, including a thyroid problem called Hashimoto’s disease. The autoimmune disorder inflames his vocal chords and affects his singing voice, making it “a lot hoarser” and causing him to get tired more quickly. Back in 2020, after his show in Hamburg was cut short, Liam said he was being treated with a shot of cortisone. He tweeted: "So I’ve had the doctor out vocal chords are inflamed he’s give me a shot of cortisone reckons I should be rite for the gig tmorrow fingers crossed sorry once again to my brothers n sisters in Hamburg LG x"