Fans of influencer Mrs Hinch have shared their hacks for removing limescale from taps. Limescale is caused by a build-up of calcium and magnesium minerals in hard water. Eradicating limescale can be difficult, especially if it’s been left for a long period of time. Cleaning guru Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became popular after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.4 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips in the influencer’s name. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips and tricks Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to keep the limescale on her waterfall tap away. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to get rid of limescale using white vinegar Ellouise Hope wrote: “Tip for cleaning these waterfall taps please. Can’t keep the hard water/limescale away.” More than 60 percent of the UK has hard water, so most households are prone to hard water deposits and limescale in their bathrooms and kitchens. Most metal taps are probably covered in white hard water deposits right now, but homeowners might not have realised because they rarely see the head of their faucets where the water comes out. Hard water deposits on faucets are not only unsightly but can clog your tap and impair its function. DON'T MISS: Garden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay [TIPS]Grass care: How to get rid of moss from your lawn using baking soda [INSIGHT]Gardening: Household drinks as a ‘great alternative’ to weed killers [EXPERT] Luckily, over 200 Mrs Hinch fans have taken to the comments to share their top tips for removing limescale. The most popular solution was to use a 2p coin to remove limescale deposits. Cleaning fans suggested rubbing it over limescale while being careful not to scratch. Nikki Garland said: “A 2p coin makes removing limescale so quick and easy.” Becky Dennis commented: “Wet 2p coin is amazing and works so fast for getting rid of limescale.” Chloe Brindley agreed: “Wet a 2p coin and rub over it, it will shift the limescale off.” Becky Broom said: “I have this tap and same problem! Wet 2p coin trick works the best I find.” Louise Pullen suggested: “2p coin, I use these on my clients’ taps in hard water areas.” Lauren Goddard added: “2p coin but you have to be careful as it can scratch the chrome.” Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using lemons or lemon juice to remove stubborn limescale build-up. Carol Cowell said: “Cut a lemon in half, rub it all over the tap and leave to work it’s magic. “Then use a toothbrush to rub off stubborn bits, rinse off and then buff with a microfibre cloth.” Kyle Grace-Taylor added: “Squeeze half a lemon over the tap, and leave it. The citric acid will break down the limescale, wipe over with a damp cloth and then polish with a microfibre cloth.”