Lennox Lewis isn't convinced that Tyson Fury is set to retire following his masterful win over Dillian Whyte at Wembley Stadium. Lewis, 56, was among the 94,000 crowd that watched 'The Gypsy King' control the opening five rounds - before landing a savage right uppercut in the sixth to retain his WBC and The Ring heavyweight titles. Immediately after his win, Fury reiterated his pre-fight pledge to walk away from the sport, saying: "You know, I promised my lovely wife Paris of 14 years that after the Wilder 3 fight that'd be it. I meant it. I had a war, it was a great trilogy, and I meant that," he said. "But I got offered to Wembley at home and I believed I owed it to the fans and to every person in the United Kingdom to come here and fight at Wembley. Now it's all done, I have to be a man of my word and I think this is it. This might be the final curtain for the Gypsy King. And what a way to go out. A big thank you to the United Kingdom." Despite his apparent retirement speech though, the Morecambe man soon contradicted himself by seemingly agreeing to a 'crossover' bout with UFC heavyweight champion Francis Ngannou. Regardless, Lewis believes he will be back in the ring with boxing gloves to defend his titles. JUST IN: Floyd Mayweather comments serve as Francis Ngannou warning to Tyson Fury "I would understand it [Fury retiring], the guy has been working hard all of his life and if he promised his wife he wouldn’t box any more. That what he promised," Lewis told BT Sport. "I think he’s going to be back in the ring. I still hold the undisputed status. I’m the last man so if he wants it he’s going to have to stay." Back in November 1999, Lewis famously defeated Evander Holyfield to become the unified heavyweight champion of the world, an achievement Fury now has within his grasp. Should he continue, he is widely expected to face the winner of the Oleksandr Usyk v Anthony Joshua rematch, which is provisionally scheduled for July. DON'T MISS:Dillian Whyte breaks silence on Tyson Fury defeat and claims fight was 'close' despite KODillian Whyte 'amazed' Tyson Fury with mid-fight conversation in ring before uppercut TKOTyson Fury backtracks on retirement bombshell with Francis Ngannou comments Fury has held all the world titles at different stages in his career, winning the IBF, WBO and WBA belts after beating Wladimir Klitschko in 2015, before vacating them as he took a much publicised hiatus from the sport. Should Joshua prevail against Usyk, then the prospect of another huge 'battle of Britain' would surely prove a tempting one. Lewis also took to Twitter to hail Fury's display, posting: "A great showing by Tyson Fury tonight. It emphatically keeps him as the man to beat. He’s already in a very exclusive club in boxing, but I look forward to welcoming him to the undisputed club." 