Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William missed Harry and Meghan's UK visit as the family spent most of the Easter holidays skiing. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex flew to the UK to visit the Queen and Prince Charles on their way to the Invictus Games in The Hague. Military historian Christopher Joll claimed the couple were able to reconcile with the family. Speaking to LBC, Mr Joll said: "The Invictus Games and the absence of the Cambridges gave them the perfect opportunity to drop in for a cuppa and a bit of reconciliation. "There's no surprises there. "It does pave the way for them coming back for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations." Asked by host Camilla Tominey about how the Cambridges will feel sharing a balcony with the Sussexes, the historian continued: "I don't think that's the big issue. READ MORE: Zara and Mike Tindall step out to support Firm at Easter Sunday "I think that's a private issue within the Royal Family that they have got ot sort out amongst themselves. "I think there is a far, far bigger issue which is that ceasing to be full-time members of the Royal Family, Harry and Meghan have put themselves in a very awkward position. "What they are in effect now is commercial celebrities. "They are doing things in which they get paid; multimillion-dollar contracts with Netflix amongst others." The trip to the UK comes after Harry was absent from the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service in London last month. Harry is bringing a claim against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the same degree of personal protective security when visiting from the US, despite offering to pay for it himself. The duke wants to bring his children to visit, but he and his family are "unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous, his legal representative has said. A spokesperson for Harry confirmed earlier in March that he would miss the service for his grandfather, but that he hoped to visit the Queen soon. DON'T MISS 'What happened to 'just Harry!?' Royal fans left fuming [VIDEO]Prince Harry and Megan Markle told to 'move on with your life' [INSIGHT]Beckham's accused of 'choosing Harry and Meghan' over Kate and William [ANALYSIS] On Thursday night, a spokesperson for the couple confirmed they visited the Queen ahead of their appearance at the Invictus Games which open this weekend. Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty Magazine, described it as "a very welcome if long overdue move" on the part of Harry and Meghan. Earlier this week, Dai Davies, a former head of royal protection at Scotland Yard, told the PA news agency that the idea Harry is unable to come to the UK due to safety concerns is "sheer unadulterated nonsense", adding the duke is "not an expert in security". Speaking about the likely security arrangements in The Hague, Mr Davies said: "The truth is I have no doubt that he will be protected, whether he takes his own team or whether the Dutch authorities give him some kind of VIP status. "The truth is, if there's a risk both countries - ours and the Netherlands - have sophisticated systems of determining risk."