Fans of Mrs Hinch have shared their advice for removing dirty stains from socks. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning and lifestyle influencer. She has more than 4.4 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Now, Mrs Hinch fans have created social media groups in the cleaning influencer’s name dedicated to sharing cleaning tips and tricks. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips and tricks Facebook page, one woman asked for some laundry advice when it came to washing white socks. Linda Norman wrote: “Someone tell me how do you keep white socks white even after washing they look like this? Fed up with them.” Socks are worn every day and so can become worn out very quickly. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share how to remove tape marks from hard surfaces Over time they can become stained, which can be hard to remove. Fortunately, Mrs Hinch fans shared their top tips for bringing socks back to looking “brand new”. The most popular solution was to use soda crystals when washing socks. Christine Ratcliffe said: “Add soda crystals to the drum of your washing machine for your whites.” DON'T MISS: Is it cheaper to boil water with gas or electric? [INSIGHT]How to clean a shower cubicle - five things you should always do [COMMENT]Garden pests: How to avoid a rat infestation in your garden [TIPS] Sue Butler advised: “Wash whites together and add soda crystals to the wash, whitens a treat.” Sheila Clay commented: “I soak my white socks in soda crystals and boiling hot water before putting them in the washing machine. Honestly, it comes out looking brand new!” Soda crystals have been used to clean clothes for several years and can help to remove stains and soften water. They can also be added to washing detergent for use in the washing machine. Carol Hare suggested: “Soak in soda crystals and hot water then wash as normal, it’s such an easy method for removing stubborn marks. Berni Myers added: “I put my soda crystals straight in the washing machine with the dirty socks. “Not only is this great for cleaning my socks but it helps to keep my washing machine clean.” Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested simply using boiling water to remove any stains. Nick Mcdermott said: “Boil them on the hob.” Mary Lane commented: “I used to boil a lot of my whites in a saucepan when my kids were young.” Linda Crawley replied: “I always boil my soils for a few minutes before putting them on a normal cycle in the washing machine. Works well.” Marie Nutley added: “Boil wash them to remove the majority of stains fast.”