Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has reacted after his side slumped to a disappointing 1-0 defeat to Brighton on Saturday. Leandro Trossard scored the only goal of the game in north London to deal a blow to Spurs' hopes of qualifying for next season's Champions League. It's now advantage Arsenal in the race for the top four with just a few games remaining. Tottenham had gone into the game against Brighton hoping to continue their fine form, having won every game since a 3-2 defeat to Manchester United last month. But Spurs were woeful against Brighton and lost it in the closing stages when Trossard struck to send the visiting fans while. It means Tottenham now face a huge fight to qualify for next season’s Champions League, especially with Arsenal keeping pace them them in the table. And Conte was disappointed with Tottenham’s performance on the day, even admitting he’d try and use the weather as an excuse for their shambolic showing. "We started very slowly, in this type of game, a tactical game, you have to move the ball quickly, you have to try and find the right space and attack the goal,” he said. “Today we did everything too slow, maybe the weather, spring, I want to find an excuse, but for sure it wasn't a good game for us." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here On the game itself, he added: "A difficult game, a difficult game. “We knew this and I had seen the game against Arsenal and knew what could happen today from a tactical aspect. It was a very tactical game, from one side to the other side." "I think at the end a draw was the more fair final result, but at the end it was Brighton who won the game and they deserve it. “They deserve to win, it was a difficult game for us." And on lessons to learn, he continued: "I said before it was a tactical game, Brighton were good to close the space, and counter-attack, move the ball more quickly than us in possession. “But for sure this type of game, you understand you can win, you're not to lose. “This is a lesson for us to learn after this game. There are many games where you understand it isn't your day, you must pay more attention to not lose." Eric Dier also spoke out following the contest. And the Tottenham star admitted it was a blow miss out on all three points as they hunt a place in next season’s Champions League. "We knew it was going to be tough and I don't think we were right from the beginning,” said the England international. “We struggled to create chances and conceded a sloppy goal. "We wanted to set a marker and we haven't done that. I am sure there will be a lot of twists and turns." Brighton matchwinner Trossard, meanwhile, was delighted that his side were able to secure victory. “Tottenham are a great side and to beat Tottenham and Arsenal feels great,” he stated. “We created some chances and I think it is a deserved win.” Jermaine Jenas thinks Tottenham deserved to lose on the day and hailed Brighton for their display. “They were the better team and much more energised,” said the BT Sport pundit. “They came here with a plan and executed it with perfection.  “Spurs had no shots on target today. One of the biggest things was that there was no space anywhere on the pitch. “Usually you see Spurs running in behind and Harry Kane in the whole, but there was nowhere really for anyone to operate.” On Tottenham specifically, he added: “They didn’t turn up at all. “They’ve been brilliant for a number of weeks and every now and then you’re going to come across a performance that you don’t quite understand. “There was no energy and the top players didn’t turn up. “When you’re up against a team like Brighton, you’re going to get caught out.”