Audiences have taken to Twitter after catching the first 15 minutes of Grace which aired before the watershed. The show's opening scenes featured some shocking sexual violence and while some fans were thrilled to see DSI Roy Grace (played by John Simm) return to screens after the ITV drama first began last March, some viewers believed the programme should have aired an hour or two later. ITV viewers have complained after the second episode of Grace kicked off with the death-by-hanging of a man in fetish gear. In episode two, DI Grace is called to investigate a chilling murder when the body parts of a young woman are found on the Downs. He begins to suspect the crime could be connected to two killings involving sex-drug overdoses. A memory stick allowing access to footage of one of the murders soon surfaces, but Grace’s investigation is halted when the man who discovers the video is warned not to go to the police. READ MORE: Gogglebox backlash: Shirley called out for ‘insulting’ co-star Depictions of bondage and violence against women proved shocking for some viewers, who took to social media to claim the episode shouldn’t have been shown before 9pm. @Dayjur11 tweeted: “Man hanging from the rafters in a g**p costume is a far cry from Last of the Summer Wine on a pre-watershed Sunday night…” @S____J____S wrote: “8pm and they’ve shown a man hanging, I always thought things like that were shown after 9pm? #Grace @ITV." They later added: “Yeah it seems a bit full-on for before 9pm. Luckily daughter has gone to bed as wouldn’t want her to see it.” Actress Stacey Guthrie also weighed in as viewers expressed their concern over the show’s inappropriate content. “Ummmm... not sure Grace is suitable pre-watershed fare @ITV. Fetish, drugs,” she tweeted. “Oh yeah, and a hanged body. Sex games gone wrong? At 8pm on a Sunday?!” Sergeja Krajnc claimed: “This evening’s episode of #Grace on @itv is clearly in breach of the Watershed rules.” DON'T MISS:Heartstopper author explains major character’s absence [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom’s Aldhelm star on season 5 challenges [INTERVIEW]Britain’s Got Talent viewers call out ‘staged’ water escape [REACTION] Although @STiRLNDN wasn’t offended, arguing: “If you go on #Grace right now, you will see just how many Karen's there are in the UK. “Jesus, it is hardly explicit content. Stop moaning about the watershed.” And other fans enjoyed the creepy vibes, with Jamie Pragnell tweeting: “Fantastic episode so far, so much is coming back to me from the book!” Grace was already testing the viewers’ patience with a staggering year-long hiatus between the first and second episodes. Having already aired both episodes in the States last year, the UK release was put on hold so it could run weekly with further adaptations of PD James’ crime novels. Production was also nearly derailed by ITV’s mandate for the series to take place in a completely Covid-free world. Thankfully, the series will keep up the momentum over the next month, with three more gripping cases to look forward to over the next month. Grace continues Sundays at 8pm on ITV.