Mark ‘Billy’ Billingham returns to Channel 4 on Sunday with a brand new series of SAS: Who Dares Wins. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, the former SAS soldier opened up on the new recruits, new instructors and his meeting with the Queen when he received his MBE. Billy joined the Parachute Regiment in 1983, aged 17 before joining the SAS in 1991. During his time with the elite unit, Billy rose to Warrant Officer Class 1. The Channel 4 star was awarded an MBE for his service as a soldier and has met the Queen several times. Discussing these encounters, Billy said: “I’ve met Her Majesty on a number of occasions. Read more: Gordon Ramsay’s Future Food Stars branded ‘Poundland SAS’ “I’ve been decorated by her and she came to the camp a few times and I met her. Wonderful person, I'm very much a royalist person. “[She’s] absolute wonderful, [she’ll have a conversation with you] that's exactly what she’s like, she’s absolutely brilliant. I’ve had a few conversations with her.” Speaking about being awarded his MBE, he continued: “I do remember her asking me, why was I so busy because I’d left her waiting four years when I got my MBE. “I didn’t go and eventually when I did go the lady in waiting told her I’m the only person to ever leave her waiting four years.” “[The Queen said] ‘Oh, you’ve been busy Mr Billingham?’ And she started laughing. Her face changed as I was marching out towards her. “I remember she was all smiling and the lady in waiting says, ‘I’m the only person ever to leave her waiting,’ and her face dropped.” The new series of SAS: Who Dares Wins will see the introduction of two new faces. Former United States Recon Marine Rudy Reyes takes on the role of the chief instructor. DON'T MISSAnt Middleton's SAS replacement Rudy Reyes swipes at former instructor [INSIGHT]Ant Middleton slams 'woke patrol' after SAS: Who Dares Wins exit [INTERVIEW]Celebrity SAS’s Ore Oduba details aftermath of show ‘Broke down!’ [VIDEO] “[The Queen said] ‘Oh, you’ve been busy Mr Billingham?’ And she started laughing. “Her face changed as I was marching out towards her. “I remember she was all smiling and the lady in waiting says, ‘I’m the only person ever to leave her waiting,’ and her face dropped.” The new series of SAS: Who Dares Wins will see the introduction of two new faces. Former United States Recon Marine Rudy Reyes takes on the role of the chief instructor. He’ll be joined by former US Navy SEAL Remi Adeleke and returning stars Billy and Jason Fox. Sharing his thoughts on the new chief instructor, Billy praised the “lovable ball of energy”. He said: “He’s very professional, he’s actually pretty smart as well. “He’s just got this lovable energy and he wears his heart on his sleeve and he is always doing as best as he can for the right reasons.” Billy addressed the differences between this new series and previous instalments Billy added: “I loved it. It’s a new dynamic so when new people come in you're kind of on your toes yourself so you step your own game up because obviously we want to prove ourselves to them and they want to prove themselves to us so it just bought a new atmosphere and it was great. “The banter was different as well, we're all one-liners but they've got a lot of funny one-liners as well so it worked really well it’s just like being back in the military.” SAS: Who Dares Wins begins on Channel 4 on Sunday at 9pm.