A resurgence of Omicron is driving infections across the UK. The highly contagious Omicron BA.2 is now thought to make up 90 percent of coronavirus infections, which have risen sharply in recent months. In the last set of results from the React-1 study found Covid prevalence jumped to 6.37 percent in March – equivalent to around 4.3 million people. The previous high in January had been 4.41 per cent at the height of the Omicron BA.1 wave. The conclusion reads: “We observed unprecedented levels of SARS-CoV-2 infection in England in March 2022 and an almost complete replacement of Omicron BA.1 by BA.2. “The high and increasing prevalence in older adults may increase hospitalizations and deaths despite high levels of vaccination.” READ MORE: Boris Johnson refuses to rule out plunging UK into new lockdown There is evidence that cases are now beginning to taper off - but this could be due to the end of free testing across England. The ONS infection survey tests thousands of people, whether or not they have symptoms, so is not affected by the end of free testing in England. It is seen as the best measure of the spread of coronavirus in the UK. Sarah Crofts, from the ONS, said: "While infections remain high, there are early signs in our latest data that they may no longer be increasing in some parts of the UK. "It is too early to say if infections have peaked in England and Scotland." England is recording the most cases of all UK nations, with 383,149 cases reported in the last seven days. The worst affected area is the southeast of England, On a county-wide level, Hampshire has recorded the most cases in the last week in England, with 12,245 cases recorded. DON'T MISSHave your say: Would YOU follow the rules if Boris enacts lockdown? [HAVE YOUR SAY]Looking for a new job? Hospitality needs you, says ESTHER MCVEY [OPINION]Covid: New study compares Omicron symptoms to previous Delta variant [INSIGHT] Kent and Essex are the second and third places with the most infections, recorded 11,470 and 10,084 respectively In England, Rutland has recorded the least amount of cases in the last seven days, with only 302 positive tests reported. In Scotland, Glasgow and Edinburgh are recording the highest number of cases. Glasgow has recorded 5,564 new cases in the last seven days, whereas Edinburgh is doing marginally better with 5,090 new infections. However, overall infections appear to be falling in Scotland, which has had some of the highest Covid rates in the UK in recent months. Comparatively to Scotland and England, Wales and Northern Ireland are doing much better. Northern Ireland has recorded 8,808 cases in the last seven days, whereas Wales has recorded the lowest number in the UK with 7,846. In the week leading up to April 2, the ONS estimates: • One in 13 people in England had coronavirus, about 7.6 percent of the population - the same as last week • One in 13 people in Wales had coronavirus, about 7.6 percent - up from 7 percent last week • One in 16 people in Northern Ireland had coronavirus, about 6.2 percent - down from 6.7 percent last week • One in 13 people in Scotland had coronavirus, about 7.5 percent - down from 8.6 percent last week