Shaun Wright-Phillips has urged Manchester City to seal a sensational summer swoop for Erling Haaland, with the former City star claiming that the striking prodigy is "perfect" for his old club. City are just one of a host of European heavyweights - including Manchester United and Chelsea - who are vying to snap Haaland up in the summer. Pep Guardiola's side are expected to be in the market for a top striker in the summer; regardless of whether or not they retain their Premier League crown. The defending champions currently hold a one-point lead over Liverpool ahead of their crunch clash on Sunday, with City aiming to clinch their fourth title in five years. But City have led the pack without an orthodox striker after they failed to seal a deal for Harry Kane last summer. The England captain was earmarked for a mega-money move to the Etihad after admitting that he wanted to quit Tottenham, but City couldn't strike a deal with Spurs' supremo Daniel Levy. Various reports have claimed that - rather than rekindling their interest in Kane - City are set to swoop for Haaland in the summer. The 21-year-old is one of the most coveted players in Europe after his stunning form at Borussia Dortmund, where he's plundered 80 goals in just 83 games since arriving in 2020. READ MORE: Rangers fans warned of 20-point deduction after ugly Old Firm scenes against Celtic And Wright-Phillips - who racked up over 250 appearances across two spells for City - believes Haaland would flourish at the Etihad playing alongside the plethora of creative stars plying their trade for the champions. But he admits that City would benefit from just having any out-and-out striker to put away the hatful of chances they conjure up on a weekly basis. Speaking exclusively to Express Sport courtesy of William Hill, Wright-Phillips said: "I’ve always said I’d love to see Haaland at City. But I feel like even if they just had any striker in general, they would still capitalise because of the amount of chances they create. Of course, Haaland’s perfect because you see what he’s done at Champions League level and domestic level with Dortmund, and to a point, what he’s done with his country. Even though he’s so young, he’s pretty much in a similar situation to a lot of the other young players in the City team, so I think he’d fit straight in. "He’d get so many opportunities with the chances created by the likes of Kevin de Bruyne, [Raheem] Sterling, [Phil] Foden, [Jack] Grealish, Bernardo Silva and [Joao] Cancelo. There’d always be things happening for him if he played in that City team and there’d always be opportunities for him. And with the way we’ve seen Haaland can finish, he’d score so many goals." DON'T MISS...Rangnick 'has limited say' as Man Utd mull over Ten Hag or PochettinoMan City performed 'chess move' to coerce Man Utd into signing RonaldoGoater names two next Man City boss options that would annoy Arsenal The Athletic claimed last month that Manchester City and Real Madrid are seen as the two frontrunners in the race to acquire Haaland's services. The Norway star is reportedly set to be available for a bargain £67million at the end of the season due to a clause in his contract. In a weird quirk, Manchester City's pursuit of Haaland could open the door for their city rivals to snap up Kane. Manchester United are reportedly set to test Tottenham's resolve with a mega-money bid for the 28-year-old - 12 months after City came up short in their bid to prise him away from north London. At the time City were chasing Kane, reports claimed that United were keeping their powder dry ahead a move this summer for Haaland - but both clubs have now seemingly switched targets ahead of a mammoth summer transfer window. Shaun Wright-Phillips was speaking exclusively to Express Sport courtesy of William Hill.