Manchester United stooped to their latest low point of the post-Sir Alex Ferguson on Tuesday as a 4-0 defeat against Liverpool showcased how far the mighty have fallen since his 2013 retirement. But even during Ferguson's reign, United suffered gut-wrenching losses to their biggest rivals. The Red Devils are the Premier League's most successful club, winning 20 titles from its 1992 introduction to 2013. Whilst their common glory come May overshadowed plenty of bad results, the drop-off since Ferguson's exit has worsened each blow and seen them come around more regularly. Express Sport takes a ride through United's five most embarrassing defeats in Premier League history, including three after the iconic Scotsman's time in the dugout. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'spotted' in management building 'set to complete' deal Newcastle United 5-0 Manchester United (96-97) United were still finding their rhythm in the early stages of the 1996-97 season as they travelled to St. James' Park to face a Newcastle United side who would go on to be the eventual champions' closest challengers. And the Magpies sent an early statement by coasting to a memorable 5-0 win on Tyneside. Darren Peacock opened the scoring after just 12 minutes before David Ginola, Les Ferdinand, and Alan Shearer added three more. In the closing stages, Philippe Albert produced the pick of the bunch, lobbing Peter Schmeichel from 25 yards to send St. James' into raptures. DON'T MISS: Harry Kane's reason for snubbing move away from Tottenham this summer Chelsea 5-0 Manchester United (99-00) United had become treble winners just months prior, a feat still unmatched to this day, but Chelsea brought them down to earth at Stamford Bridge in the 1999-00 season. A Gus Poyet brace helped the Blues emphatically end Ferguson’s imperious side’s 29-game unbeaten run in the top-flight. Poyet’s 27-second opener set the tone for the remainder of the clash, as Chris Sutton doubled the lead in the 15th minute before Nicky Butt saw red. A second from Poyet, a Henning Berg own goal and Jody Morris rounded off the scoring. Although Ferguson rallied his team and got the last laugh, winning their second successive title by 18 points later in the season. Manchester United 1-6 Manchester City (11-12) On one of the darkest days of Ferguson's storied career, the 'noisy neighbours' invaded Old Trafford and produced one of the most shocking results in Premier League history. Roberto Mancini masterminded a 6-1 triumph over United courtesy of Mario Balotelli and Edin Dzeko's braces added to Sergio Aguero and David Silva's strikes. Darren Fletcher netted a consolation goal, but the result was a major talking point in a season where Man City lifted their maiden Premier League title in the most dramatic of fashions. The Citizens once again bettered United to pip to the gold on goal difference after Sergio Aguero's iconic stoppage-time winner on the final day. Manchester United 1-6 Tottenham Hotspur (20-21) With 75,000 fans nowhere to be seen throughout the Covid-affected 2020-21 season, United suffered some woeful results at Old Trafford. The worst of the lot came when ex-boss Jose Mourinho guided Tottenham Hotspur to a 6-1 triumph in M16. After Bruno Fernandes fired United ahead from the penalty spot after just two minutes, Tottenham responded with two goals in the following five minutes from Tanguy Ndombele and Son Heung-min. Anthony Martial was controversially sent off after a spat with Erik Lamela, which all but ended the hosts’ chances. Son notched his second, Harry Kane bagged a brace of his own and Serge Aurier even got in on the act as Spurs recorded their biggest-ever league win over United. Manchester United 0-5 Liverpool (21-22) Liverpool's four-goal victory on Tuesday night accumulated the aggregate score between the bitter rivals to 9-0 this season. United were appalling at Anfield but fared much worse in the reverse fixture as Jurgen Klopp's side romped to a 5-0 triumph in their own backyard. The Reds led 4-0 at half-time before Mohamed Salah completed his hat-trick in the second half, adding to Naby Keita and Diogo Jota's goals on arguably the darkest day in the lifetimes of current match-going supporters. Paul Pogba's second-half red card summed up the afternoon, and the humiliating result contributed to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's demise shortly after. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.