Antonio Rudiger's potential move to Juventus has hit the rocks over the defender's wage demands. Rudiger is set to leave Chelsea at the end of the season when his contract expires, with the Blues currently unable to hand out any new deals. Many of Europe's leading clubs will be in the market to sign him, given his performances under Thomas Tuchel. But according to Corriere Torino, it would appear unlikely that Juventus will be able to complete a deal for him. It is stated that the distance between 'supply and demand persists' in terms of Rudiger's wage demands and how much Juve are willing to pay. The Serie A giants have offered a contract in the region of £2.5million less than the German is asking for. There is also a sticking point over the signing on fee and commission that Rudiger would recieve by joining Juve. The Italian paper claim that he is seeking a figure in the region of £16.9m for those parts of any deal. READ MORE: Arsenal line up stunning Eden Hazard move after 'meeting' Despite the apparent failure of his talks with Juve though, Rudiger is said to be remaining calm about his situation. The defender will 'take his time' before coming to a decision about his future beyond this season. His 'priority' is remaining at Chelsea, though the sanctions that have hit the club means they are unable to offer him a new deal. As soon as the Blues get a new owner, Rudiger's contract would appear to be one of their top priorities, though the search for a new investor is taking time. DON'T MISS: Chelsea forward risk losing millions as Werner transfer value drops (NEWS)Chelsea boss Tuchel highlights Christensen error for Xavi to avoid (INSIGHT)Simon Jordan tells Thomas Tuchel why he could face Chelsea sack (NEWS) Rudiger opened the scoring in the defeat to Brentford last week, with the defender racing towards Tuchel to celebrate. And the Chelsea boss hinted that celebration showed that Rudiger was enjoying life at Stamford Bridge, despite his uncertain future. “I was surprised he came to me to celebrate. He was maybe surprised that the ball went in, because he tried so many times. But yeah, it was a nice moment. You could see how happy he is, you could see how everybody was happy with him and what it meant to him and what it meant to us," Tuchel said.