Last weekend, a series of posts surfaced on Sarah Ferguson’s Instagram page which were written by Prince Andrew. The posts, which have now been deleted, spoke of his experience of fighting in the Fauklands. They read how he entered the conflict “full of bravado” and returned a “changed man”. Speaking on the latest episode of their podcast Royally Obsessed, hosts Roberta Fiorito and Rachel Bowie discussed the controversal posts and the Palace's "blindsided"reaction to them. Ms Fiorito said: "It is @sarahferguson15 that they shared these posts written by Andrew, supposedly Fergie's the one who requested that he share his reflections on the 40th anniversary of him leaving to serve in the Fauklands war with the Royal Navy" "He shares over 700 words in three different posts" "It was originally signed the HRH Duke of York which he's not supposed to be using the HRH" Ms Fiorito shared that the first step in this was that "they removed the HRH from the caption, edited that out and then the posts were taken down" She added: "Buckingham Palace aides were told and they were totally blindsided and had zero clue [about the posts]". READ MORE: 'It would be Charles!' Prince and Camilla risked major clash with Philip's memorial Ms Bowie added: "I kind of look at it that Andrew was like, I [he] showed up at the Service of Thanksgiving, this gives me a moment to start my path back. "It makes no sense, my very first reaction was... that this guy mainly needs an editor" She adds: "Who is in their inner circle guiding them to make these decisions or are they just totally going rouge". The posts were quickly deleted after posting, but not before they were seen by many, including Fergie's 360,000 followers. On the latest episode of US Weekly, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross spoke about the Duke's surfaced posts. Ms Ross described the posts as "very cringy". READ MORE: Queen opens up on Covid hell - Monarch left 'exhausted' as she bemoans 'horrible pandemic' The posts caused controversy as Prince Andrew had signed off the captions with “written by HRH The Duke of York”. During the sexual assault civil case brought against him by Virginia Giuffre in the US, the Duke was stripped of his military titles and patronages, including his HRH title. Virginia Giuffre claimed Prince Andrew sexually assaulted her on three occasions when she was 17. Prince Andrew has repeatedly denied these allegations. In November 2019, journalist Emily Maitlis quizzed the Duke over the sex abuse allegations made against him. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] The interview received enormous amounts of public criticism, and following the interview, the Duke made a decision to step back from his royal duties. In February 2022, it was confirmed that Prince Andrew had agreed to pay a settlement fee to bring the civil sexual assault case brought by his accuser to a close. The settlement agreement has been reported to amount to as much as £12million, although the actual amount has not been confirmed. The settlement is not an admission of guilt.