The most well-known group who are able to receive this benefit is those in England who have reached the state pension age, which is 66. Comparatively, people who live in Scotland and Wales are eligible for the free bus pass once they turn 60. Eligible claimants can apply through their local council which is responsible for administering the “freebie” benefit. Experts cite the positive influence that many “freebie” benefits, such as the free bus pass, have on state pensioners. Stephen Lowe, group communications director at Just Group, explained: “The social and cultural reference to ‘freebie’ benefits means nearly all over 65s know about them but their financial value is dwarfed by other benefits which are less well known. “The state pension alone will not provide a comfortable standard of living so checking your entitlement for other state benefits should be as much a part of planning for retirement as understanding what your private pension and other savings will provide.” Furthermore, people living in London can apply for a London Freedom Pass which offers free or discounted travel for the city’s residents.  READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  This travel pass also covers all of London’s travel networks including the Underground, trams, National Rail and the city’s river services. Free bus passes can be claimed by those with a disability through the National Concessionary Travel Scheme. Recently, residents under 22 years in Scotland have now been able to claim a free bus pass through a new scheme. This concession is available to young people through the Scottish Government and children who own a new National Entitlement Card (NEC).  Free bus travel on the bus is not to those who have an old NEC so tens of thousands of card holders have put forward a new application to get one. In Scotland, over 2.3 million people are eligible for free bus travel around the country, which includes everyone under 22, everyone over 60, disabled people and carers, according to Transport Scotland. Jenny Gilruth, the Scottish Government’s Transport Minister, said: “Extending free bus travel will make public transport more affordable, and help give many young people wider access to more education, leisure, and work opportunities. It will also support the choice to travel sustainably early in their lives. “Increasing bus use will help us achieve our world-leading goal of reducing the number of kilometres travelled by car by 20 percent by 2030 and reaching net zero emissions by 2045. “It will also support local bus services to recover, as we all emerge from the most recent COVID-19 restrictions. “Please remember that to keep people safe, face coverings are still required on public transport for those aged 12 or older, unless otherwise exempt.” For those who are still unable to claim this means of support, charities such as Age UK have sage advice on how they can reduce their travel expenses going forward. On its website, Age UK stated: “It’s also worth contacting the individual coach and train operators to see if they offer discounts for older people. “For example, National Express offers a Senior Coachcard for people who are 60 and over. It costs £12.50 and offers a third off your travel throughout the year. “Some local authorities offer concessions that apply to local public transport. Contact your local council for more information about what they offer.”