Pensioners are having to reckon with a substantial rise in the cost of electricity and gas, which has left many fearful. Unfortunately, scammers are preying on these concerns to target older people. Age UK has issued a warning about a scam currently circulating, where scammers could be targeting the elderly or vulnerable. Taking place over the phone, it relates directly to energy prices, and claims to help Britons save money. Scammers ring up a person, claiming to be from a familiar price comparison website. It may not appear out of the ordinary, especially if a person has used this website in the past. READ MORE: Nationwide offers 2.5% interest rate account but for a ‘limited time' Individuals are then provided with a “special offer” on energy prices for one day only. The criminals will state this is only available for a limited number of customers, to press Britons into acting fast. Age UK explained: “They will pressurise you to make a quick decision and won’t give you time to think.” However, this is definitely a scam, and there are key signs to spot in contact of this kind. DON'T MISSState pension warning as millions to work past 66 [EXCLUSIVE]‘Had no idea!’ WASPI woman, 70, frustrated at state pension age change [ANALYSIS]Drawdown vs. annuity - how to determine what's best for your pension [INSIGHT] Firstly, it is highly unlikely any price comparison website will call a person’s phone, especially out of the blue. Age UK has also said it is not likely there will be offers just available for limited numbers of people. The organisation warned older people they should never give any of their details out over the phone. If someone suspects they are being targeted by scammers, they should put the phone down. Cifas also alerted Britons to a similar scam, intended to prey on uncertainties surrounding rising energy prices. Some pre-payment customers have been offered discounted energy prices by criminals. These individuals have claimed to be able to top-up meters for a cut-price fee. However, energy companies know when they have not received correct payment for the energy used. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Consequently, it could mean victims have to pay more for their energy as the criminals make off with their spoils. Amber Burridge, Head of Fraud Intelligence, said: “Criminals are always trying new ways to trick people out of their personal details and money. “Always do your research before parting ways with your details or money, such as by looking at trusted review sites, contacting organisations through details listed on their official website or checking against registers held by organisations such as the FCA. “Criminals have zero regard for who they trick out of money, meaning its important individuals remain alert to potential scams during the current cost of living crisis.”