Compulsion is the latest drama to air on Channel 5, following a string of hits including Sheridan Smith's The Teacher and Jill Halfpenny's The Holiday. This time around, it is Compulsion that delves into the life of troubled paramedic Jenny Challoner (played by Leanne Best). She takes a turn for the worst after seeing the devastation of a horrific incident first-hand. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Compulsion.The story of Compulsion begins when paramedic Jenny is called to assist at a fatal train crash. What Jenny sees torments her as she begins her journey of struggling with PTSD. As a coping mechanism, she gets addicted to gambling and soon finds that it takes hold of her life. With loan shark Connie Bertram (Hayley Mills) on her heels and Jenny uncertain of who she can trust, her issues continue to grow. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces Compulsion will begin airing on Tuesday, April 12, at 9pm on Channel 5. The drama is going to consist of four episodes in total and thankfully, there won't be a long wait between each one. Compulsion will be airing every night this week in the same timeslot on Channel 5. This means that the drama's finale release date is Friday, April 15. If fans do happen to miss an episode of Compulsion when it does come out, there is no need to worry. Once an episode is released on Channel 5, it will then be dropped on the channel's streaming service My5. The entire boxset, much like the various other dramas that have come out in 2022 so far, will be ready in full on My5 once it concludes on April 15. The streamer is a free service so viewers just need to register an email address in order to gain access to its content library. DON'T MISS...'No appetite for Meghan to come back' Royal expert says [ROYAL]Hayley Mills opens up on being crippling ‘shyness’ ahead of new drama [CAST]Emmerdale theory: Wendy Posner to exit as secret exposed during trial [THEORY] Actress Leanne Best is taking on the lead role of Jenny and is no stranger to the small screen. She has previously been in series such as Tin Star, Young Wallander, Four Lives and Close to Me. Her next big project is the upcoming movie Bolan's Shoes which is currently in post-production. The film, which "captures the heady exhilaration of glam rock mania", will also star Timothy Spall, Mark Lewis Jones and Mathew Horne. Other cast members include The Split actress Anna Chancellor, Cobra's Danny Ashok and Coronation Street's Krissi Bohn. Acting alongside Best is former 1960s Disney actress Hayley Mills as the loan shark Connie Bertram. Mills has described her character as "a sociopath but she doesn’t think she is". Compulsion premieres on Tuesday, April 12, at 9pm on Channel 5.