On April 24, 2007, Manchester United locked horns with AC Milan in a Champions League thriller. The Red Devils won 3-2 at Old Trafford, with Wayne Rooney the hero of the hour. But Kaka produced a masterclass that earned praise from Sir Alex Ferguson, with the Brazil international operating at the peak of his powers at the time. In 2007, Manchester United were vying to win a treble. They were already top of the Premier League table, ahead of Chelsea, with Ferguson’s young side eventually going on to knock Jose Mourinho’s team off their perch. They were also hoping to win the FA Cup, too, having set up a final with Chelsea. And United had genuine ambitions of winning the Champions League as well, a trophy they’d failed to claim since Ferguson had masterminded the treble in 1999. They went up against a strong Milan team in 2007 who were on the prowl for Europe’s biggest trophy under Carlo Ancelotti. And the two sides played out a five-goal thriller at Old Trafford. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Cristiano Ronaldo put United ahead early on with a header, sending the home crowd wild in the process. But, after that, it became the Kaka show. The Brazil international produced two moments of sublime magic to turn the score around, putting Milan 3-2 in front. His second goal, where he weaved through the Red Devils’ defence, was particularly memorable. And while United went on to claim victory, courtesy of two goals from Rooney, it’s still a display that stands out. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag After the game, Ferguson was full of praise for Kaka. "He is one of the two best players in the world,” stated the Scot. And Kaka would go on to win the Ballon d’Or later that year after propelling Milan to Champions League glory. In the reverse leg in Italy, the Brazilian again turned on the style. And Milan won 3-0 at the San Siro to end United’s treble hopes, with the Red Devils out of sorts on the night. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Also after the game at Old Trafford, Ferguson hailed his United side for their stirring comeback. "We kept playing our football, some of which was fantastic, and dominated the second half," said Ferguson. "Some of the football we played was absolute quality, really top class. We've got a magnificent chance now." And he also hailed Paul Scholes for his pass that allowed Rooney to level the scores in the 59th minute. "We're in front and they know that - it's a really big game now. "They have got a really difficult game on their hands now. We are chasing the Premiership and this is the biggest boost we could have got. "Scholes' pass for Rooney's equaliser was fantastic, just a little flick but what a pass." In 2011, when Kaka was at Real Madrid, the Brazilian revealed Ferguson had previously hoped to sign him. He said at the time: "Ferguson is a great coach and knows how to win big games like the Champions League final. "Once he wanted to sign me and my brother while we were with Milan, but we chose to stay."