Jose Enrique has claimed that Liverpool supersub Divock Origi 'deserves a statue' at Anfield - and has admitted that he'd be a top signing for Newcastle. Origi is poised to quit the Reds in the summer when his current contract at the club expires and has been linked with a host of top clubs. Origi's match-winning contribution against Everton at the weekend is set to be one of the 27-year-old's final contributions in a Liverpool shirt. Despite not being a first-team regular under Jurgen Klopp, Origi has still managed to bag some of the biggest goals in the Reds' recent history. And Enrique - who had a brief stint at Anfield during his playing career - is adamant that Origi's heroics for Liverpool prove that he is good enough to be the main man for someone if he chooses to stay in the Premier League. Speaking to Lord Ping, Enrique said: "Origi is good enough to stay in the Premier League and he's playing for one of the best teams in the world. He's not starting and he's not been playing too much this season, so a team like AC Milan and Inter Milan looks like where he could be heading. I can’t see him playing anywhere in the Premier League but I think he is good enough. READ MORE: Arsenal scouts to watch Tammy Abraham 'up close' as Roma set lucrative asking price "I think if I was him and you have teams like AC Milan, Inter Milan and top teams like that interested, I would rather go and play in a team where he's a ‘hero’ as Liverpool call him the legend himself because he always comes when the team needs him. Also, they are in Europe and a footballer's career is short, so maybe that’s the best thing to do." Enrique believes that Origi would be the perfect fit for Newcastle. The Magpies have cash to burn after being taken over in a £305million deal last October and are expected to be in the market for a striker in the summer. However, Enrique has warned Origi that a move to St James' Park could tarnish his legacy at Anfield. He added: “He could go to Newcastle because they have a lot of money to spend and they'll want to bring new players, but I would not go to one of Liverpool’s rivals because I think his legacy at Liverpool is amazing, they should make a statue of him for what he's done and what he's won.” Enrique's stance has been backed by Klopp, who hailed Origi as "a legend" after his huge impact at the weekend. And the Reds boss even claimed that the striker is "world-class" and tipped him to make an impact wherever he ends up next. Klopp told Sky Sports on Sunday: "We will never miss a player like him because if he leaves, he will explode wherever he goes. "He is a world-class striker, he is a legend and will stay a legend forever. He doesn't always make the squad which is ridiculous, but he is there when we need him every time."