After a week where Parliament voted for a new investigation into the Prime Minister over whether he misled MPs about parties in Downing Street, Labour’s lead has actually fallen by one point to 6 percent. The Conservatives are no change from the week before on 34 points while Labour is down 1 on 40 percent and Lib Dems up one on 10 from a poll of 1,625 people. Chief executive of Techne Michela Morizzo said: “While the Conservatives remain stubbornly behind Labour the lack of movement in their support suggests that the continued Partygate problems are no longer changing people's minds on who to support. "Meanwhile, the fact Labour has slipped a point is concerning for Starmer whose performance last week has not improved his party's standing as an alternative government." But the impact of Partygate appears to still be felt among voters who appear to be inclined to stay at home. According to the survey just 43 percent would definitely vote in an election. The biggest apathy is among 18- to 34-year-olds with only a third (33 percent) saying they would definitely vote. But one bonus for the under-fire Mr Johnson is that pensioners (over-64s) still largely back him with 54 percent supporting the Conservatives and are the most likely to vote with 61 percent saying they would cast their ballots. However, confidence in Boris Johnson’s government to deliver is still low with only a third (32 percent) expressing confidence in ministers getting their priorities done compared to almost two thirds (63 percent) not confident. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry should stay away from Jubilee celebrations – POLL The survey findings have landed as the Prime Minister this weekend has launched a fightback to save his Premiership. Mr Johnson insists he is delivering on policies people really care about and “providing the leadership needed in challenging times”. He told the Sunday Express: “This Government is getting on with the job of delivering for the British people. The 10 Bills expected to pass into law this week will protect our borders, tackle the Covid backlogs, keep our streets safe and ease pressures on household budgets by equipping people with the skills to secure-well paid jobs. “All this sits alongside our relentless drive to capitalise on new Brexit freedoms and unleash the potential of people and businesses right across our country. Whether it be in response to Putin’s illegal invasion of Ukraine or our recovery from the pandemic, we are providing the leadership needed in challenging times.” DON'T MISS: Sturgeon's independence plan in tatters amid brewing NATO crisis [REVELATION]POLL: Should PM override Northern Ireland protocol with new law? [REACTION]Church is preaching politics while pews are empty, says NICK FERRARI [INSIGHT] The results have come as Express.co.uk today launches its new poll tracker partnership with Techne UK. Techne, based in Rome, has just entered the British market and is accredited by the British Polling Council. But it has a reputation as one of the leading polling companies in Europe and has consistently been accurate on major elections on the continent. Express.co.uk will be publishing monthly tracker polls on the state of the parties and confidence in the Government from Techne UK as well as polls on topics of the week.