The ex-England fullback locked horns with the Boris-backing former MEP after the pair quarrelled about the UK Government's immigration partnership with Rwanda on Friday. Gary Neville, 47, who revealed he had joined the Labour Party in January, criticised Boris Johnson, 57, and his Cabinet colleagues over the £120million scheme. The Sky Sports pundit even took aim at Immigration Minister Tom Pursglove, 33, in a tweet to his 5.1million followers. He said: "Look at me, l’m English and I’m proud to send ‘em back to Rwanda." Mr Neville, who made 85 appearances for the Three Lions and served as assistant manager for four years, was then accused by David Campbell-Bannerman, 61, of "hating his country". The descendant of ex-Prime Minister Henry Campbell-Bannerman said: "Why do you hate your country so much Gary? "It’s the British flag by the way. JUST IN: 'Blatant hypocrisy!' Nicola Sturgeon reported to police over face mask breach video "Brain left in your boots?" Responding to the ex-Tory and UKIP MEP, the former Manchester United defender said: "I couldn’t love this country more. "I just hate what you lot are doing to it. "We’re being governed by a mean spirited set of lying charlatans without an ounce of decency. "They voted for OUR children not to have food. READ MORE: 'What a cop out!' Michael Portillo rages at Archbishop over Rwanda comments "FYI the Rwanda Policy will fail like most others they bring in!" Match of the Day host and ex-Spurs striker Gary Lineker, 61, praised Mr Neville following his intervention. Mr Lineker, who was paid £1.36million in 2020/21, said on Twitter: "This 'they hate this country' nonsense is deliberately and dangerously divisive and completely untrue." However, Mr Neville's criticism was not the first time he has found himself taking aim at Mr Johnson's Government. The Bury-born co-owner of Salford City challenged the Prime Minister before his Government backtracked in the 2020 free school meals row, which also involved the 24-year-old Manchester United forward Marcus Rashford. DON'T MISS:Patel's Rwanda scheme failing to deter migrants [INSIGHT]Left's Rwanda fury is phoney, blasts CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT]Le Pen may be on verge of shock win with horror undecided stat for Macron [FRANCE] Mr Neville also mocked Mr Johnson after the Prime Minister was issued with a fixed penalty notice following the Metropolitan Police's Operation Hillman investigation into 'partygate'. Number 10 insiders had compared the situation to receiving a speed fine, to which Mr Neville responded: "I can relate to this. "Was recently caught speeding, around 35-40. "For first time in 30 years I’m now over 12 points. "So I am banned. Because that is the law. "When you break the law it means no excuses, no gaslighting, no lies! Speed kills and I’m so sorry!"