The Australian news host was quick to oppose claims Meghan Markle manipulated Prince Harry in the couple’s decision to move to the US. Broadcaster Susie Elelman, who appeared as a guest on the Today Show, claimed Meghan was the “dominant one” in the relationship and was able to “lure” Prince Harry abroad. Today Show presenter David Campbell interrupted the claims of Ms Elelman to highlight Prince Harry had “chosen” to accompany Meghan back to the US. He criticised the use of similar phrases which suggest Meghan held some form of “mythical power” over the actions of her husband, Prince Harry. Ms Elelman retracted her bold language and clarified the Prince had not been “dragged” to the US against his own will. However, she highlighted how Prince Harry was thoroughly “entrenched in the Royal Family” before Meghan’s presence and “now he’s living in the US.” In her analysis of the couple's transition to US residency, Ms Elelman declared “it is perceived, particularly in the UK, that he has deserted,” the Royal Family. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle made the decision to step back from royal duties in 2020.  Ms Elelman mocked the significance of Prince Harry within the Royal Family and declared “he was only a spare anyway”. The author’s claim of Prince Harry as a “spare” presumably alludes to his diminishing claim to the throne. The Prince is sixth in line to the British throne, behind his father Prince Charles, his brother Prince William and the Duke of Cambridge’s three children. Prince Harry has declared his current “home” lies within the US as he resides in California with his wife and two young children. Read more: Thomas Markle savaged for 'constantly betraying' Meghan The discussion on Australian network 9 News was sparked in reaction to an interview between Donald Trump and English journalist Piers Morgan. During the interview, Morgan questioned the views of Trump towards Meghan and Prince Harry and the couple’s decision to reside in America. The former US president declared he was “not a fan” of Meghan Markle and described Prince Harry as “whipped” in his decision to relocate. 9 News host David Campbell rushed to condemn the hateful language used by Trump as “misogynistic”. Don't miss:Prince Harry and Meghan ‘addicted to drama’, claims Diana’s biographer [REVEAL]Thomas Markle: Timeline of key moments in fallout with Meghan Markle [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan claims Meghan Markle 'woke Prince Harry into submission' [INSIGHT] After their ‘step-back’ from royal life, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle settled in Santa Barbara following a brief stay in Canada. The couple returned to the UK together for the first time since their move in a visit to Windsor Castle that was shrouded in secrecy. The Prince has rejected prior calls to visit his homeland amid concerns for his family’s safety as he claims his US security team would not have sufficient access to UK intelligence. The couple met with the Queen and Harry's father, Prince Charles, before they travelled to Holland to attend the events of the Invictus Games.   