Lewis Hamilton has backtracked on a pre-season prediction he made on Mercedes’ capacity to make mistakes. The seven-times world champion has endured a difficult start to the 2022 season and already seems unlikely to regain his title from Max Verstappen.    Hamilton finished 13th at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix on Sunday, having placed third, 10th and fourth in the previous three races of the campaign, respectively. Team principal Toto Wolff apologised to Hamilton as he finished in Italy, telling the Brit that his car is “undriveable”. Mercedes have struggled for performance in their new W13 car. All teams had to start from scratch at the beginning of the season due to new regulations. George Russell has also only registered one podium finish since joining the team at the start of the year. Hamilton has now remembered a claim he made in pre-season testing in Barcelona and has backtracked on the prediction. JUST IN: Mick Schumacher second as Hamilton and Verstappen faultless in table After performance issues were evident during testing, the 37-year-old was asked if he feared Mercedes would not be able to give him a car worthy of winning a record eighth championship. He responded: “Why would I feel that way? Why would I ever think that? We’ve won eight in a row. Why would I ever feel that way?” The journalist followed up by asking: “They can make a mistake building the car…” Hamilton, with plenty of conviction, hit back: “My team don’t make mistakes. Of course there is always a risk. We don’t make mistakes. We’ve got a lot of intelligent people back in the factory, I trust them 100%. And whatever we start with today, good or bad, we’ll work through it. We’ve always had a great development plan to work towards.” DON'T MISS...FIA stalls F1's plans to increase number of sprint races to sixLewis Hamilton on worst run for nine years after 'weekend to forget'Mercedes face 'hierarchy changes' amid Lewis Hamilton struggles But that conversation has clearly stuck in Hamilton’s mind as Mercedes have struggled with the same issues for four races. He has now appeared to backtrack on the claim, telling Autosport: "It's difficult, for sure. But, you know, I'm not the only one in the team, right? We're all feeling the pain. We're all right in this together. And we win and we lose as a team. So we are doing the best we can with what we have. “Earlier on in the year in Barcelona a question was put to me, 'What happens if you get it wrong?' And I said, ‘Well, we don't do that, we don't get things wrong. We're world champions’. “But the fact is, with all the possibilities out there, we may have. But what we continue to do is just keep our heads down, keep working. If one person is down, we rely on our team-mates to lift each other up. “And yeah, we're nowhere near where we want to be. But we will just keep fighting, keep working as hard as we can, and hope that eventually we see light at the end of the tunnel."   