Sophie, 57, was announced as the new Colonel-in-Chief of The Royal Electrical & Mechanical Engineers this week. The role was previously held by Prince Philip, who passed away aged 99 last April two months before his 100th birthday. The Countess of Wessex was handed the military title the day after the memorial service to the Duke of Edinburgh on Tuesday, March 29. Sophie, who is married to the Queen’s youngest son Prince Edward, was appointed in her new role by Her Majesty. She was reported to be incredibly honoured to be taking over the post from her late father-in-law. Philip himself took over the role from his cousin Princess Marina, Duchess of Kent in 1969 a year after her death. Sophie met with the Corps’ Master General Lieutenant General Paul Jaques and Colonel Jason Phillips to formally receive the title. The Queen’s bestowal of the honour on her daughter-in-law is indicative of her standing within the Royal Family. JUST IN: Princess Beatrice broke royal tradition with outfit at Prince Philip's memorial For royal historian Marlene Koenig, part of Sophie’s value to The Firm is her role as a “mentor” to Kate Duchess of Cambridge. The US-based writer and librarian has researched Britain’s Royal Family for more than 40 years. She told Express.co.uk: “You don’t hear a bad word about Sophie. Her organisations and charities are very fond of her. “She gives her all when she’s involved with them, and I think that says a lot about what a royal does and the value of a royal. “You are getting your money’s worth with Sophie. “I also think she is certainly someone that the Duchess of Cambridge can see, as someone who is a generation older, and how she goes about her royal duties – a mentor. “Again, coming from a similar background.” Ms Koenig referred to the fact that both Sophie and Kate were not born into aristocracy like previous royal wives. The Countess was the daughter of a sales director, while the Duchess’ parents ran a party-planning business. Ms Koenig also compared Sophie to Marina, Duchess of Kent, her predecessor as Colonel-in-Chief of the Corps. DON'T MISS: Princess Charlotte's heartwarming gesture may have comforted a teary Beatrice [LATEST]Prince Harry 'really down' about not returning for Prince Philip's memorial, claims expert [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should the public decide if royals get to keep their titles? [ANALYSIS] She said: “She does so much and is appreciated for what she does. “You have Catherine and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, who have positions as future queens. “But you can sometimes have a royal who is also a star like the late Duchess of Kent, Marina. “Of course, she was a superstar in a way. She was beautiful. She was stylish.” The expert elaborated on Sophie’s humble upbringing before she married Edward. She said: “She didn’t grow up in public. Her father was a tyre salesman. “She was raised in an ordinary British home and fell in love with a prince. “And the best part is that they took their time to get to know what royal life would be like. She is the real superstar.”