Victoria Beckham, 48, congratulated her husband David Beckham, 46, for making his “dream a reality” and getting approval for Inter Miami's new stadium. The ground will be developed within the new Miami Freedom Park and is due to be ready by 2025. The billion-dollar project will include a 25,000-capacity stadium along with a retail complex, 750-room hotel, and one million square feet of office space. Victoria Beckham shared the news to her Instagram Story on Thursday. She said in view of her 29.9 million followers: “Soooo exciting! Congratulations!” David and his Inter Miami co-owners, business tycoons Jorge and Jose Mas, have fronted the plans. READ MORE:Susanna Reid in 'terrible state' as Piers Morgan recalls GMB aftermath The football legend shared a mock-up of what the stadium will look like in a post to his 72.6 million Instagram followers. He added in the caption: “Your dream is a reality. "I want to thank our fans for their support, patience and passion, and of course The City Of Miami (our city). “Also, to the commissioners and Mayor Suarez for believing in this dream. “Finally, I want to thank Jorge and Jose Mas and the whole Mas family for believing in my dream and making it a REALITY.” The project got the green light from city commissioners on Thursday and now David and the team will be able to redevelop 131 acres of the publicly-owned Melreese Country Club. The news has sparked a mixed reaction on social media. Some welcomed the project including American sports executive, Don Garber. He tweeted: “Get ready, Inter Miami fans! Congrats to Jorge Mas, Jose Mas, David Beckham and everyone who worked so hard these past years to bring a world-class soccer stadium to a world-class city!” DON'T MISSGame of Thrones’ Rose Leslie refuses to 'nanny' husband Kit Harington[INSIGHT]Rachel Riley slammed after arguing 'no one should defend Johnny Depp'[LATEST]Kim Woodburn shares picture from hospital bed after hospital rush[NEWS] While Fizzer18 celebrated: "Miami Freedom Park is coming to the city of Miami - congratulations to our amazing owners Jorge Mas, Jose Mas and David Beckham for making this dream come true." On the other side of the debate, film director Billy Corben said ahead of Thursday's commission: “Today's @CityofMiami commission meeting on the Inter Miami boondoggle will be pure political theater. Bought and paid for politicians selling out their constituents to a billionaire in the biggest real estate deal in Miami history while pretending to drive a hard bargain.” And user ArmoredUpKnight wrote: "They are talking about tearing down high schools to build a new Stadium for the Canes. It’s not Hard Rock Stadium vs Inter Miami Stadium. It’s tearing down high schools vs Inter Miami Stadium." Express.co.uk has contacted Inter Miami's representatives for comment. In a statement to The Guardian, a spokesperson for the club said: “The team is aware of a social media campaign aiming to disinform and confuse the public about the impact the Miami Freedom Park project will have on the City and its residents. “We believe that everyone has the undeniable right to expect timely, truthful, and accurate information.” The spokesperson adds that the project is completely privately funded and will generate more than 15,000 jobs and billions for the local economy.