Wayne Rooney has risked upsetting both Manchester United and Everton fans after tipping Liverpool to win the top-of-the-table clash against Manchester City on Sunday. The match at the Etihad is likely to have a huge impact in the final destination of this season's title. The Reds travel to the Etihad this Sunday just one point behind City in the title race, having won their last 10 games in the league. Jurgen Klopp's side have been at their very best this season, winning all six of their Champions League group games and prevailing in the Carabao Cup final against Chelsea in February. However, City have equally been as good and have only lost five games in all competitions this season - setting up a huge clash in the top-flight which will likely have a huge say in who lifts the trophy on May 22. City are thought to have the upper hand given that the tie is at home, where they have lost just twice this campaign in all competitions. But United legend Rooney, who was appearing on Sky Sports' Monday Night Football, has backed Klopp's men to go to City and come away with all three points to give themselves the advantage in the title race. JUST IN: Man Utd hero Fred vindicates Alves claim after rescuing Leicester draw  He said: "The game on Sunday could decide where the title goes because the two teams, I don't think any of them are going to drop points. They both might be the two best teams in Europe at the moment. I think City's response to Liverpool winning the early kick-off was massive. "That's what champions do, when there's a pressure game, they take the pressure away and win the game. Now they've got a very interesting game coming up on Sunday." Rooney was then asked to give his verdict on who he thought would win this weekend. Rooney replied: "I wish none of them to be honest! It could go either way. Liverpool are on a great run of form, as City are, but I think Liverpool can go there and win." DON'T MISSMan Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford jobTottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle winLiverpool skipper Henderson caught on camera protecting Fabinho - 'Proper leader'  Rooney is currently manager of Derby County, who currently sit six points adrift of safety in the Championship with six games to go. The Rams need a late-season miracle to move ahead of 21st-placed Barnsley given that the Tykes have a game in hand on Rooney's side. After being handed a 21-point deduction due to sanctions imposed on them because of financial problems at the start of the season, Derby would pull off arguably the greatest escape in English football history if they were to somehow avoid relegation. And Rooney backed his squad to do just that with after a hard-fought 1-0 win over Preston on Saturday. "From that moment I was delighted with the players because, when that happens, momentum can swing into Preston's favour but we didn't allow that to happen," Rooney added on MNF. "We kept pushing, driving forward and I felt we wanted to win the game more - I think that showed and for that reason alone we deserved the three points."