  Loose Women panellist Charlene White has given Dan Walker a warm welcome after he told fans he would be moving away from the BBC to join Channel 5. The ITV News presenter, 41, took to social media to retweet the announcement from Channel 5 News, which featured a special video message from Dan, 45.      In view of her Twitter 62,600 followers yesterday, Charlene tweeted: “Welcome to the @itn family Dan! xx” (sic) ITN produces the daily news programmes for ITV, Channel 4 and Channel 5 in the UK, and has recently diversified to include a wider range of content, including sports and documentaries. Charlene was announced as lead presenter of ITV News London's main 6pm programme in 2019 and has been a familiar face on the broadcaster for many years. Her tweet was in response to the Channel 5 News post, which read: “Some news to share with you all from us at  @5_News.” READ MORE: 'I'm worn out' Jeremy Clarkson doubts farming future    “@mrdanwalker will be bringing you the news at 5pm every day from now on. “And he's got something to tell you all - watch his video down below.” Attached to the tweet was a short featuring Dan, who went into more detail about the move. The BBC Breakfast star said: “Hello, Dan Walker here. I have a little bit of news for you.     “In the next few weeks, I'm going to be leaving BBC Breakfast and moving to 5 news and Channel 5 “I am really excited, but this has also been a massive decision for me.” He praised his co-star Sally Nugent, before continuing: “Channel 5 came with big ambitions, with big plans, and I don't think opportunities like this come around very often and I can't wait.” The Strictly Come Dancing star also spoke about his move to Channel 5 News on BBC Breakfast this morning. READ MORE... Monty Don bids farewell to Gardeners' World colleague  [NEWS] Bruce Willis’ aphasia has ‘been hard' for his wife Emma [LATEST] Penny Lancaster stuns in 21st birthday throwback snap [UPDATE]     "We have been friends for 20 years, we have worked together for six months and you're off," Sally Nugent quipped, as Dan replied, “I know.” Explaining why he had chosen to leave, he continued: “But you know that as I explained to you before all the news came out, that this has been a really difficult decision for me. "[It has been] probably the hardest decision I've ever had to make in my career because I love you to bits and I love working with you." "I love you too, Daniel," Sally told her co-star before Dan added: "I love the team at BBC Breakfast and the six years I've had on this sofa have been the best six years of my career by some distance."      He then went on to defend his decision to leave the BBC, insisting that he was “not motivated by money”. "But sometimes I think opportunities come along and you have to grab them, don't you?" he asked. "I have never ever been motivated by money in any job that I have ever taken and, even though I love BBC Breakfast and everyone that works on the show, this is a fantastic opportunity to work with a brilliant team at Channel 5. “And also go and make some programmes outside of news," he finished. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.   