Carer’s Allowance currently offers £67.60 per week for eligible unpaid carers as a compensation for their work which alleviates stress off the professional care sector in the UK. The rates will be rising next week to £69.70, and unpaid carers looking to make their first application are urged to claim their entitlement.  Carers UK, the leading charity for carers in the UK, shared their top six tips for first-time Carers Allowance applicants. Carers UK recommended unpaid carers have a benefits check to find out what help they are entitled to and to ensure they receive it. They noted: “You may find that you are entitled to more financial support than you thought, and it may save you time by preventing you from applying for the wrong benefits.”   It can be beneficial for Britons to ensure they have information on hand about their existing income, including benefits, savings, pension and childcare payments as well as their partner’s before having a benefits check. Carers UK claimed that “it’s faster and simpler” for applicants to make their claim online. Alternatively, they can download the online form, print and fill it in then send it through the post. Using the online form, applicants will be asked a series of questions to ensure they meet the basic eligibility for Carer’s Allowance.     Have personal information on hand Regardless of whether they are applying online or through the post, it will be beneficial for applicants to keep their personal information on hand to make filling out the form a bit easier. This includes:  Claimants will also need the following information from the person they care for: Britons who are using the post method to apply are advised to keep a copy of their form and supporting documents. Those using the online application can select the option to receive an email confirmation when the application is received by the DWP, which can be useful for future reference.  Carers UK noted carers who have been caring for three months before they submit their claims might be able to get backdated payments if they were eligible during this period. Remember to report updates and circumstance changes Applicants who are awarded Carer’s Allowance should take heed to report any changes in their circumstance that could affect their payments. This can include changes in income, work patterns or taking a break from caring.