Manchester United target Ruben Neves has informed the powers that be at Wolves that he would like to seek a new challenge away from Molineux ahead of next season, according to reports. Neves has been heavily linked with a move to Old Trafford over the last few months, with the Red Devils said to be eyeing the addition of a new holding midfielder to supplement their ranks in advance of the new campaign. United were credited with a desire to land Neves last summer and have been tipped to finally act on their interest in the Portuguese maestro over the coming months. It seems as though their hopes of striking a deal with Wolves may have been boosted by Neves informing the club that he is eager to leave in the near future, according to 90min.It is claimed that Neves, who remains under contract at Wolves until the summer of 2024, has told the club's hierarchy that he wishes to explore his options in the market over the coming months. He is currently sidelined with a knee injury but has registered four goals in 31 appearances for the west Midlands outfit since the beginning of the season and has been among their core starters over the last few years.United are still believed to be interested in Neves and could reportedly decide to launch a move for his services when the bidding opens at the end of the season. The Red Devils could be forced to enter a five-horse race for his signature, though, with Arsenal, Tottenham, Barcelona and Atletico Madrid said to be among the other sides keeping tabs on Neves' situation at Wolves. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick responds to ‘damaged reputation’ question It remains to be seen whether United will be able to push a move for Neves over the line ahead of next season, with incoming manager Erik ten Hag said to be keen on strengthening the club's midfield options upon his arrival at Old Trafford. The Dutchman will reportedly be given plenty of money to spend on new players over the summer in order to prepare for a renewed top-four challenge in the Premier League at the very next time of asking.Meanwhile, there is no guarantee that Wolves will be prepared to allow Neves to fly the nest over the coming months. Bruno Lage has already underlined his desire to keep the 25-year-old on the club's books for the foreseeable future, telling reporters: "I don’t know if it’s Man United or other teams, what I know is we have a special player here with us. "What he is doing this season is very good. I think also the way we play, he can show a better Ruben, and also the way he plays puts our team on a different level."When you have that player, the best thing to do is improve his salary and years of contract."But who knows, when you have a top player like him in that specific position, that can defend and attack, and is a top professional and a great man, the big teams are there with £100million to buy these kinds of players." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here