Many people know Hoffman for his roles in Kramer and Kramer and Rain Man, but not everyone knows that the star underwent treatment for cancer back in 2013, just a few years after a co-star of his, Michael Douglas, also had a showdown with the disease. Despite his vast experience being in the limelight, Hoffman chose to stay fairly quiet about his condition. But what we have garnered from press statements is that he has undergone successful surgery for cancer. Talking about Hoffman’s victorious fight against cancer in 2013, the star’s representative Jodi Gottlieb said: “It was detected early and he has been surgically cured.” The representative revealed only a few other details, including that after the surgery Hoffman was “feeling great and in good health”. They also revealed that the Hollywood big-timer was due to have preventative treatment, as recommended by the doctor, to lower the risk of recurrent cancer in the future. When pushed to divulge more information, Gottlieb didn’t comment any further.  As we don’t know much about cancer, it is unclear what type of treatment Hoffman would have undergone. Outside of medicine, there are several things to do that can reduce the risk of cancer recurring. Doctors may recommend you improve your diet and become more physically active. Certain foods are known to reduce the risk of certain cancers; with breast cancer, for example, there is some evidence, according to the charity Breast Cancer Now that fibre can reduce the chances of recurrence.  In the lead-up to the cancer treatment, Hoffman had been working on his directorial debut Quartet. And after the treatment, he continued work on his next project, a comedy called Chef with Robert Downey Jr and Sofia Vergara which was released in 2014. Although Hoffman stayed hushed about his cancer treatment, others within Hoffman’s professional circle have not been so quiet. Co-star Michael Douglas, who worked with Hoffman in the film First in His Class in 2002 – directed by Michael Vaughn – underwent treatment for an oral cancer diagnosis just three years before Hoffman’s ordeal.  Douglas had stage 4 squamous cell carcinoma oral cancer, which means that his cancer had spread to another part of the body. He immediately underwent radiation and chemotherapy treatments for his condition and became cancer free, and like Hoffman continued to undergo check-ups to monitor his cancer remission. In the UK, there are around 375,000 new cancer cases every year, according to Cancer Research UK. Research for treatments of the condition are always ongoing to find cures for the disease.  In recent weeks, for example, the NHS has fast-tracked a medication called Mobocertinib to be delivered to eligible patients with an advanced form of lung cancer. The drug is the only precision drug available to patients with a mutation-driven, advanced form of lung cancer who are already having chemotherapy, according to the NHS. As part of the NHS’ Long Term Plan, the organisation has committed to providing the latest treatments and therapies and providing access to the latest treatments. There are a few general signs of cancer to spot, including: If you have any of these signs, you should visit your GP who will inspect them further.  