The Scottish Child Payment is a benefit scheme administered by the devolved government in Scotland as opposed to other payments, which are managed by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP).Social Security Scotland is responsible for the benefit payment which has been doubled to £20 per week in light of the cost of living crisis. So far, around 104,000 children have been in households in receipt of the Scottish Child Payment, according to the Scottish Government. Designed to tackle child poverty, the poverty is awarded to families on low income who have children under the age of six. With inflation and energy bills on the rise, Scottish Child Payment has been raised to a weekly instalment of £20. This means that a family who received a full month’s payment of the benefit would claim £80 a month. On top of this, the benefit payment rate is set to be raised even further in the coming months and expanded to cover older children. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  Children under the age of 16 are set to become eligible for the Scottish Child Payment towards the end of the year. Furthermore, the payment will be raised even further from £20 to £25 a week as a means of further support. After this extension has taken effect, 400,000 young people across Scotland will be able to claim this benefit payment. The pending extension will see eligible households receive an extra £100 a month in financial support. DON'T MISS:  This announcement of the rise to the Scottish Child Payment received praise from various poverty charities across the country. Viv Sawers, the chief officer of Glasgow-based charity Govan Help, shared her “delight” at the latest move by the Scottish Government to boost social security support for families. Ms Sawers explained: “We see families struggling daily, they have told us what a difference this has made already with the cost of living increases, we look forward to supporting more families to access this as it rolls out to children up to age 16 later this year. “We know parenting is a really hard job, without financial pressures, this funding will go a long way to removing stresses that can impact on healthy family functioning and wellbeing.” Upon visiting the charity, Nicola Sturgeon pledged to give Scotland’s children the “best start in life” by increasing the benefit payment rate. The First Minister said: “This is a key part of our national mission to tackle child poverty. We will further increase this payment to £25 by the end of 2022 – five times the amount campaigners originally asked. “This will give families additional financial support of £1,300 for each eligible child every year. “We will back this with investment of around £671 million over the next two years – just part of our package of support for families.” Any parents, guardians or carers who believe they may be eligible for the Scottish Child Payment can find more information and apply via the devolved Government’s website at mygov.scot. Alternatively, households who prefer to avoid applying online can contact the Scottish Government's helpline on 0800 182 2222. Similar benefit payments which are administered by Social Security Scotland include the Best Start Grant Pregnancy and Baby Payment, Early Learning Payment and School Age Payment. Information about any of the above benefit payments can be found on the Scottish Government's website.