Experts have provided drivers with a money-saving tip that could lead to wasting less fuel and keeping the engine in a better, healthier condition. Motorists have been told to drive gently when the car is cold in order to see those benefits. The motoring experts at RAC have revealed that cars are at their least efficient when they are cold. They said: “If you drive quickly straight from start-up, you are redoubling the wasted fuel, and also wearing out the engine more quickly in the process. “Show some mechanical sympathy and you’ll immediately start saving money.” On a related matter, RAC added that motorists should not allow the engine to idle for too long. READ MORE: Nearly three-quarters of drivers could change to an electric vehicle They continued: “Today’s engines are designed to operate from the moment you turn the key – warming the engine is no longer required. “If you like the cabin to feel warm on a cold day, it might be worth investing in a car with heated seats and a heated steering wheel. “Remember to turn them off when you’ve warmed up, as they will increase your fuel consumption when switched on.” Making one round trip rather than several short trips is also much more efficient. DON'T MISSDrivers call for EV owners to pay tax [REVEAL] Electric car owner fined £100 after charging his vehicle in car park [SHOCKING] Motorists forced to miss car servicing amid cost of living crisis [INSIGHT] Once the engine is warm it will operate at its most efficient whereas several cold starts will increase fuel consumption even though the total mileage could be the same. Keeping the car moving at the right speed is also essential to fuel economy, RAC said. However, they stressed that this will often depend on traffic conditions and what is happening on the road ahead, but slowing down and having to accelerate again naturally uses more fuel. The experts added: “The best advice is to drive as smoothly as possible, gently using the steering, accelerator, and brakes. “When slowing down, it’s important to remain in gear as the fuel cut-off switch in a fuel injection engine is then activated, meaning virtually no fuel is used while braking.” Motorists should also try to anticipate what might happen in front of them. RAC said: “This way you’ll see the traffic lights on red meaning you can ease back on the accelerator or slow down naturally and potentially keep moving as opposed to coming to a stop." Additionally, the experts pointed out that driving up hills destroys fuel economy. “When you spot a hill coming try to accelerate a little before you reach it, then ease off as you drive up. “The extra momentum should be enough to minimise additional fuel consumption,” they commented. Rebecca Jackson, a professional racing driver who broke the world record for the most countries visited on a single tank of fuel, added to RAC’s comments: “To set any kind of fuel efficiency world record you have to be looking ahead as much as possible to pre-empt oncoming hazards. “This is a good general driving habit but it was absolutely crucial for us.” She continued: "It’s all about keeping moving and not losing momentum. “Accelerating from being stopped is very costly in fuel consumption terms and so is going up any steep incline. "We tried not to use the brakes as much by easing off the throttle to reduce speed.“ Ms Jackson added: “If you can keep moving slowly rather than stopping in traffic that’s good, but you do have to be conscious of not being a pain to other drivers by leaving too much of a gap behind the car in front. "You need to listen to the engine to make sure you don’t use excessive revs but you need to use enough, so it’s a fine balance as you don’t want the car to be labouring too much either."