At the current moment in time, Cristiano Ronaldo is continuing to be linked with a move away from Manchester United. Widespread reports have suggested the Portugal international may be offloaded when Erik ten Hag takes over. But, after his sublime hat-trick against Norwich City on Saturday afternoon, Express Sport will now take a look at four reasons why the 37-year-old is worth keeping. Let’s start with the obvious. Ronaldo’s hat-trick against Norwich now means he’s scored 21 goals across all competitions, putting him way ahead of his team-mates. Throughout his career, the Portugal international has mastered that art. Even at the age of 37, as he enters the twilight year of his career, he’s still delivering when it counts. United, without Ronaldo’s prowess in front of goal, would arguably be in an even worse position. So he’s worth keeping for that alone, with other forwards Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial and Edinson Cavani nowhere near deadly enough. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ronaldo is the consummate professional - and has been for years. When he first joined the Red Devils in 2003, he made sure he learned from experienced heads such as Roy Keane, Ryan Giggs, Paul Scholes and Gary Neville when strutting his stuff under Sir Alex Ferguson. And Ronaldo has spent years working hard, with his head down, ensuring he becomes the best possible version of himself. Given this is a squad with many young players knocking on the door, that sort of thing can be invaluable. It's clear from the way Anthony Elanga, in particular, looks at Ronaldo that he’s keen to gauge as much from his team-mate as possible. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Similar to his professionalism, Ronaldo is also a leader at United. Even without the captaincy he acts like he has the role, with tunnel footage from their 3-2 win over Norwich proving as much. While the rest of his team-mates were preparing to walk out, Ronaldo busied himself motivating them and making sure they’re committed to claiming victory. Harry Maguire and Bruno Fernandes aside, this United team doesn’t have many leaders. So, for that reason, Ten Hag would be wise to keep Ronaldo around for his maiden season at the helm. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ronaldo is also a knowledgeable footballer. He’s been there and done that, taking Portugal, England, Spain and Italy by storm over the course of his glittering career. And that knowledge can be valuable to Ten Hag. Ronaldo is a disciple of the Sir Alex Ferguson era and knows exactly what United need in order to become a Premier League giant once again. Ten Hag can’t discard that, even though he’ll have his own way of playing in his head. Speaking after United beat Norwich, United interim boss Ralf Rangnick hailed Ronaldo for his heroics. But he was also coy when asked if the veteran will be at the club next season. "This is in the end not my decision," Rangnick told reporters. "Cristiano has got another year of contract. This will be a decision for the new manager to take, together with the board. "Again, he showed against Tottenham and today's game, that he can be the difference maker, in moments like this, in games like this, and it is no coincidence he has the best goalscoring record of all players in history. He showed that again today."