It came as GB News guest and former Labour MP Kate Hoey addressed an article in the Telegraph about whether or not the British countryside is "racist". She began to explain the arguments put forward by the journalists when Eammon Holmes weighed in to add his view, stating any strangers who go to small, close-knit areas are noticed.  "Kate, you're a country lass," Eamonn stated. "We're going to The Telegraph page 14, and this is about racism in the countryside." "Yes," Kate replied. "Well it's 90 years ago we had the famous walking in the countryside, which is known as the Kinder Walk, you know that actually set the precedent that the countryside should be open to everyone. "And that's a very famous saying and it really has opened up the countryside. "But, what has happened this time, there's a new group called Kinder in Colour and basically what they're saying is because not a lot of people go from ethnic minorities into the countryside, it's because the countryside is racist."  READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Cain Dingle discovers he's not Faith's son The 75-year-old continued: "Now, this is a very good argument by Inaya Forlarin Iman, from the point of view of being black herself. "And she's saying 'not only in a society such as ours, in which every debate has turned into one about race, are these nuances assumed to a diversity agenda.' "Now, there's no doubt about it, a lot of people living in metropolitan areas, black or white, particularly from working-class areas, don't go out into the countryside and go for walks and the kind of thing some people would take for granted. "But to then turn that into being 'it's because people in the countryside are racist,' I think is a bit of a leap."  "Do you know," Eammon commented. "My experience is that the small communities, the closely-knit communities - say you go into a country pub, if I walked in, people would look and say, 'Who's that man over there?' or whatever." He asked: "Does that just happen to everybody because the communities are so tightly-knit?" Kate responded: "Well, yes, strangers are always noticed in a small country area. DON'T MISS... GMB staff ‘threatened to stop working’ if Piers Morgan made return [LATEST]James Heappey ‘embarrassed’ he ‘can’t answer’ GMB question [VIDEO]Susanna Reid hits out at MP claiming male reporters are a boy's club [REACTION] "But that's a big thing to then say that people who are doing that if a black family comes in are racist. "It may well just be for example in Northern Ireland there are not huge numbers yet of people from ethnic minorities, although it is growing. "And therefore there will be some parts in Northern Ireland where it's a very unusual sight. "And I can see why some people would look at that and make a remark but you know, I'm just sad that everything gets turned into this."  Eamonn shared: "Kate, my first job as a reporter at 18 was as a farming correspondent. "You probably watched my programme, back in the day, tell us about your farm. "Tell us about where and how you grew up." Kate proceeded to explain her experiences on a countryside farm. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs on GB News weekdays from 6am.