In 2018, Gordon revealed he had lost almost four stone – 3st 8lbs to be precise. The chef dropped from 18 stone to 15 stone in a few months. He did this by changing his diet and exercise regime, focusing on a healthier way of life. One of the catalysts behind Gordon’s decision to get fitter was his wife, Tana Ramsay. “Tana was not impressed with the way I was,” the chef explained. “I was overweight, 18 stone. I didn’t have a figure. I didn’t feel that good.” Gordon added: “I look at the pictures and think, ‘how did Tana stay around?’. READ MORE: Michael Mosley says 'quality protein' is 'very effective' way to slim “Because Tana has got better looking and more gorgeous. And there she is, getting in bed with a fat f**k.” Another reason why Gordon decided to do something about his weight was because his father passed away at a young age. He said: “My father passed of a heart attack at 53. That man never ate in my restaurant, and it pains me to think that. “I may not have got on with him, but I still miss him. I miss everything I could have had from him if he was still alive in his 70s,” the chef added in a Times interview. DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton rewears £1400 worth of clothes for today's appearance [PICTURES]Tomatoes: Monty Don on how to 'maximise quantity' of tomato harvest [VIDEO]Sarah Beeny: How to increase value of home to sell - make 5 changes [EXPERT] “I don’t want my industry to kill me. I know how unhealthy chefs are at the top level. Stress. Suicide. “There’s a big downside to cooking loads for a living. It’s lethal: from obesity to heart attacks to cocaine habits.” Changing his diet to become healthier, Gordon decided to eat smaller portions – but often. He told the Today programme: “I’m very good at eating five times a day. “But small amounts as opposed to big breakfast, big lunch, and big dinner. “There’s nothing worse than eating dinner at 5:30 and then having to get up and cook for three hours. “I like to keep on my toes and eat small bits. Almost like in Hong Kong – four or five times a day, small bowls of food.” Gordon also makes sure to drink plenty of water throughout the day, which is a handy tip as it helps slimmers feel fuller for longer. The chef said: “Take a couple of glasses before you eat. “It just stops you eating a third more. You feel better but eat less.” As for exercise, Gordon makes sure to train in the gym three times a week, and also enjoys cycling. “The more I train, the more normal I am, the more I feel that I’m still unchanged,” he told the Daily Mail. “It’s just another little reminder of who I am.”