Constitution Secretary Angus Robertson is planning to introduce a four-week extension from Sunday for forms to be completed, according to the Daily Telegraph. It comes after Scots were warned they would face a fine of up to £1,000 if they failed to fill in their form, which is a legal requirement.  The embarrassing U-turn comes after the SNP decided to delay census by a year, blaming the Covid pandemic. But the move threatens to spark major embarrassment after the claimed the delay would “ensure the highest possible response rate”. However as of last weekend, just 74 per cent of forms in Scotland had been filled in, with information missing from 700,000 households of the 2.7million. Lindsay Paterson, professor of education policy at the University of Edinburgh, said delays would raise “worrying questions about data quality”. He said: “Extending the window for responding raises worrying questions about data quality. “In normal social surveys, there are strict quality controls on the time given to respond.  READ MORE: Sturgeon faces new court battle – SNP may be dragged before judge “This is because people vary in how they respond, especially for opinion questions such as the several identity questions in the census. For example, how people answer the question about gender identity might vary according to whether some controversy about gender identity is in the news. “The same is true of national identity and ethnic identity. “As a social statistician, I would not use census data on identity that had such an arbitrarily varying window of replying.”  DON'T MISS Steve Coogan’s Scottish Independence U-turn laid bare [REVEALED]Sturgeon humiliated as SNP forced to reveal independence advice [INSIGHT]Shameless Sturgeon demands £337million MORE for Scotland [INFO] Census bosses were hoping for a target response rate of 94 per cent overall and at least 85 per cent in each council area. However, in Glasgow, the response rate on Monday was just 65.5 per cent. The once-in-a-decade survey collects information which governments, both north and south of the border, use to make sure they provide the right services for people. Census day in Scotland was March 20 and covered a range of topics including household relationships, health, type of accommodation, age, and employment.  New questions in this year's census are on the use of British Sign Language, passports held, sexual orientation and trans status. A spokesman for National Records of Scotland said: “Our focus continues to be on supporting and enabling remaining households to complete their census return by the start of May, adding to the over two million households across Scotland that have already done so.” A census has been taken every 10 years in Scotland since 1801, apart from in 1941 as the Second World War raged on, and in 2021 because of the Covid-19 pandemic. England, Wales and Northern Ireland held their survey in March 2021. Anyone who has moved from another part of the United Kingdom to Scotland still has to complete the form.