As an almost family member and a veteran of three big Jewish weddings – one my own, two I orchestrated for my daughters – I feel uniquely qualified to lob my view into the cauldron of opinions on Beckham-Peltz simmering across the planet. Was this nuptial knot-tying an extravaganza of conspicuous consumption? The answer is definitely in the affirmative. Both sides, of course, can comfortably fund the £3-12 million extravaganza without scrimping.  So shouldn’t they be entitled to do what the rest of us do – staging the most gorgeous festivities for our offspring? Of course the bride wore custom-made couture Valentino. Her dad’s a billionaire. You didn’t seriously expect her to caper up the aisle in a little number from Monsoon, did you? Their three-day epic wedding, stretching across a long weekend and imprisoning guests for an eternity in a whirlwind of brunches and barbecues with fellow revellers they don’t know can’t be blamed on the Beckhams or the Peltzes. I didn’t subject my guests to such prolonged torture, but I do understand the urge to get your money’s worth out of a giant marquee and wine and dine your relatives sothoroughly you don’t have to bother inviting them again till the next bar mitzvah. Do the exuberant celebrations look a touch tone-deaf compared with the atrocities endured by innocent Ukrainians? Yes, but then a carefree ice-cream in Blackpool while roaring with laughter at a joke also looks uncaring when Ukraine folk are suffering immeasurable loss. Ordinary families haven’t called off weddings in sympathy with refugees, so why should the Beckham-Peltz clans? Now let’s get to the important part. Are expensive weddings more or less likely to result in happy marriages? Don’t ask me. Mine featured 23 ushers in white tie and tails, 10 bridesmaids, three rabbis and a dress closely resembling the cake. The marriage crumbled 14 years later. Do I think the ex-husband would have stuck around longer if my dad had stumped up for inferior canapés and a mix-tape instead of a 10-piece band? Alas, I do not. --------------------------------------------------------------- Viewers flock to stately homes instead of watching Bridgerton Bridegerton series one had a seismic effect on the nation’s boudoir antics. We were so ignited by their rumbustious carnal contortions that our lockdown inertia evaporated and we frantically reinforced our chandeliers to facilitate vigorous swinging. But Bridgerton series two, from which the hurly-burly of the chaise longue has been annoyingly removed, has had an altogether different impact on our behaviour. Instead of succumbing to unbridled passion viewers are flocking to visit stately homes. I know there’s a great deal to be said for a scone in a scenic location but I know which I prefer. --------------------------------------------------------------- The Queen's Covid message is perfect God bless our noble Queen. Her bout of Covid must have been utterly debilitating, but she is nothing if not stoical. Moaning is not part of her repertoire. So when, in a video call to Covid patient Asef Hussain at the Royal London Hospital she said of “this horrible pandemic” that “it does leave one very tired and exhausted”, we can only imagine how truly ghastly she must have felt. Her carefully coded message is perfect. She has survived Covid at the age of 95 and it was no picnic. She’s still cream-crackered. But she sends empathetic waves to all fellow sufferers and it could have been a different picture were she not vaccinated and boosted. Wishing you renewed vigour, Ma’am, and wondering if, like me, you still can’t smell a darned thing? --------------------------------------------------------------- Have suits gone out of fashion? Would you wear a suit to a job interview? Now gentlemen’s suits have vanished from the basket of goods used to work out the rate of inflation, such questions are being asked. Three out of four employers surveyed by recruiters Randstad said that a suit is de rigueur but one in 10 thought such apparel denoted fusty formality and would count against the candidate. I remember the days when every chap begged or borrowed a Montague Burton two-piece suit for weddings, funerals, job interviews and court appearances, but I’d rate cleanliness, a bright smile, firm handshake and upright posture far higher than a traditional whistle. In fact, at the top of my personal requirement list is enthusiasm. Brim with eagerness and I don’t care if you’re togged out in a tracksuit. --------------------------------------------------------------- Flowers that change with the times Didn’t we once think roses were practically compulsory in all British gardens? Yes, we make room for shrubs and fuchsias, and even tomato plants and raspberry canes, but surely roses are fundamental to our horticultural heritage? The revelation that roses have fallen from favour, considered “old fashioned and twee” is a shock. Roses are high maintenance, prone to disease, spiky and plain for much of the year. Yet no other flower provides the heady mix of velvety beauty and intoxicating fragrance. Exile the rose and you sacrifice your garden’s soul. --------------------------------------------------------------- Camilla's claim of never doing things she didn't like is a lie Former Tatler editor Tina Brown’s new tome The Palace Papers says that prior to marrying Prince Charles, Camilla had “never had a calendar filled with things she didn’t want to do”. I don’t believe it. We all have to do stuff we loathe: defrost the freezer, lag the loft, see the dentist. We spend most of our time doing chores we hate in order to free up time and money to fit in the few things we enjoy. The other way round and, as Shakespeare put it: “If all the year were playing holidays, to sport would be as tedious as to work.”