Manchester United have a "slim chance" of beating Liverpool at Anfield if they can ignore the hostile atmosphere, according to Reds legend Steve Nicol. United are aiming to bolster their top four hopes and derail the Reds' title bid when they travel to Merseyside tonight. Ralf Rangnick's side currently sit fifth in the Premier League, three points behind Tottenham in fourth. They almost dropped points against doomed Norwich on Saturday but for Cristiano Ronaldo to save the day with a hat-trick. United haven't won at Anfield in any competition since January 2016 and Liverpool know they must be near perfect for the remainder of the season to have a chance of leapfrogging leaders Manchester City. But Nicol says it's not just the Liverpool players United have to overcome, but also the supporters. He thinks the only way United can pick up a victory is if they can somehow ignore the vociferous reception they will receive. Nicol told ESPN FC: "For a Man United player going to Anfield, it is the worst place you want to go and try and play football. READ MORE: Ten Hag has already failed first Sir Alex Ferguson test ahead of Man Utd move  "To be able to get a result there, you need to be able to go there and you have to forget about the periphery, forget about everything else that is going on, all the name-calling, and just focus on your football. Now, if you do that you have a chance. "But this Man United team, can somebody explain how this team can go and concentrate on the job in hand and not be thinking about all these things I'm talking about? And they're struggling on the field of play themselves, whether it's at home or away, against a side that cannot wait to get at them and a side that's going to be carried by 50,000 Liverpool supporters. "It seems unlikely. Do they have a chance? Of course they do. You've got to play the game and Liverpool still have to score the goals and win the game. But it's a slim chance." DON'T MISSJurgen Klopp has already told Liverpool how to beat Man City to the Premier League title [QUOTES]Five Premier League clubs Coutinho could join with Aston Villa plans in tatters [TRANSFERS]Man Utd expected XI vs Liverpool as Bruno Fernandes set to start after crash [TEAM NEWS]  Ahead of the match, Rangnick insisted his side have to win almost every game for the remainder of the season to keep their Champions League qualification hopes alive. The German said: "We definitely will travel there tomorrow and try to get the three points. "This is what it's all about and it's not about the situation they are in. It's about our situation only and after last weekend's results, we are still in the race for no.4 but in order to stay in that race, we have to win almost every game, starting with tomorrow."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here