Police swooped on Ridhwaan Farouk, 19, after he confessed to a colleague in the clothing shop that he had been involved in an attack the previous night fuelled by his "brother's beef". The JD Sports employee and his brother Mohammed Farouk, 21, were found guilty of murder today after a court heard they had butchered 20-year-old Amin Talea. Jurors were told the brothers waited outside Mr Talea's flat in Kings Norton, Birmingham, and, when he left home to meet friends, they ambushed the man. Passers-by called for an ambulance but the victim died in hospital on the same evening - October 1, 2021, after suffering severe bleeds. Mark Heywood, prosecuting, told the jury Ridhwaan was given a lift to work by his colleague the following morning. He said: "He asked her to swing by Middleton Hall Road on the way to check something out. He didn't say what but his colleague already knew from social media there had been an incident in Middleton Hall Road. Straightaway, she wanted to know what was up and asked Ridhwaan what he had done. "He told her he and somebody who he only referred to as 'his brother' - he didn't say who that was or what he meant by that expression - but he and this individual had been there the night before, it wasn't 'his beef' it was his brother's." The colleagues found Middleton Hall Road in King's Norton still blocked by police examining the scene, Birmingham Live reports.   Mr Heywood added: "The colleague told Ridhwaan somebody had died. He appeared to be shocked to hear that and responded by swearing, saying 'f***'. He also commented he was 'going to go down for this' and felt sick. He told her about taking a taxi to Overbury Road walking to Amin Talea's flat and waiting for him to come out. He didn't think he would be picked up on CCTV and didn't know about doorbell cameras. "The colleague asked why he was telling her this, he said because he knew she wouldn't tell anybody else. Naturally, she did. She told another colleague." Jurors were shown the soundless bodycam footage of police confronting Ridhwaan at the JD Sports store in Selly Oak, Birmingham, later that morning. Ridhwaan denied to the officers the conversation with his co-worker had taken place, Birmingham Crown Court heard.   The defendant, of Shenley Green, Birmingham, later claimed Mr Talea was a "gang affiliate" who could have been attacked for "many reasons". But West Midlands Police today stated the brothers' motive "remained a mystery" and said the case was another example of the "devastating impact of knife crime" in the country. Mohammed Farouk, from Weoley Castle, Birmingham, will be sentenced with his younger brother on Friday April 29 at the same court. 