Ulrika Jonsson, 54, revealed that her 21-year-old daughter, Bo, forced her to take down a racy Instagram post because the Swedish star accidentally flashed her breasts. Recalling the incident, Ulrika argued that nudity should be more socially acceptable. The Celebs Go Dating star explained that Bo “berated” her mother for the accidental nip-slip and ordered her to remove it from the social media site. Ulrika said: “It unwittingly happened on Wednesday last week. “My 21-year-old daughter berated me and ordered me to remove it. “It was a careless mistake. No offence intended,” she wrote in her new column for The Sun. READ MORE:Michael Bublé says he and wife almost ended their marriage However, it is not the first time Ulrika has unintentionally shown off more than she planned. She adds that “social media giants” once gave her a “stern telling off” after exposing her breasts. The Gladiators presenter maintains that the wardrobe malfunction was “accidental”, but it was nevertheless removed by Instagram bosses. Ulrika’s comments come after she commended Frankie Bridge for admitting that she walks around her house naked. Speaking on Monday’s episode of Loose Women, Frankie confessed: “We are quite a naked family I would say, and I grew up in quite a naked family. “I don’t see what the issue is, I don’t think about it. “If [my sons] started to look uncomfortable...then I would cover up.” Frankie is married to former footballer Wayne Bridge, and they share two young sons Parker, eight, and Carter, six. DON'T MISSRichard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’[INSIGHT]James Martin shut down marriage plans with girlfriend[LATEST]Dan Walker laments relationships with BBC Breakfast co-stars amid exit[NEWS] Ulrika gave Frankie a "round of applause" for admitting her nakedness and added that she hopes it can be "normalised as something natural". The mum-of-four has famously shared several nude snaps on social media but says that she doesn’t “give a f**k” about embarrassing her children. Writing in her column back in August, Ulrika stated that she has found a way to “love” her body and vowed to continue flaunting it. Ulrika’s most notable shoot came when she posed naked in her garden for Strong Men, a charity which helps men struggling with bereavement. The sultry photograph saw the presenter pose in just her wellington boots as she pushed a wheelbarrow. Alongside the snap, which was taken by Emma Talitha Reynolds, she told her 190,000 followers: “I’m baring myself for @strongmenorguk. “Text STRONG to 70085 to donate £5 to help men cope with bereavement; open up and talk about grief. “It’s never unmanly to talk. No flowers were harmed in the making of this.”