Kitchen appliances can contribute a significant amount to your energy bills, with both gas and electricity required to power everything from a kettle to a stove. While there are many ways to boil water, what’s the cheapest way to do it? Is it cheaper to boil water with gas or electric? While boiling water is one of the simplest tasks, few of us think about the cheapest way to do it. On average, one unit of gas costs around 4p per kWh while electricity costs 16p per kWh. This means that electricity costs four times as much as gas on average, making gas appliances cheaper to use around the home. READ MORE: Support for higher energy bills to cut off Russia – POLL When it comes to individual appliances, there are four main ways to boil water at home. These include: The kettle is often the go-to appliance to make a hot drink or boil water for cooking, but is it really the cheapest method? According to the experts at Magnet, the annual running cost of an electric kettle is £25.08 for an average usage time of 60 hours and 50 minutes throughout the year. While a gas cooker has the highest annual running costs, using it to simply boil water is the cheapest method overall, because gas tends to be cheaper than electricity. DON'T MISS:Plentiful and affordable energy within our reach - EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT]Hundreds of thousands of jobs in energy plan, says Boris Johnson [REVEAL]Energy bills: How much does it cost to run a washing machine? [INSIGHT] To keep costs to an absolute minimum while boiling water on the hob, you should take steps to make the process more efficient. While a stove kettle is only around 70 percent efficient compared to an electric kettle (80 percent efficient), the cost element closes this gap. Boiling water in a pan on a gas stove is most effective when you use a lid. This helps the water to boil more quickly, costing you less while doing so. While the kettle may not be the cheapest way to boil water, there are a few simple changes you can make to keep costs down. To keep the running costs of your kettle low, you should: 