Graeme Souness has ripped into Paul Pogba and thinks Manchester United’s rivals want the midfielder to stay at Old Trafford. The France international was booed by fans on Saturday during their 3-2 win over Norwich City. And Souness has also taken aim at the likes of Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo, too. Manchester United fans jeered Pogba during their win over Norwich at a time where the 28-year-old’s contract is starting to wind down. And Souness, who has long been critical of the 2018 World Cup winner, has now called on the player to go - insisting he’s too distracted by other things in life. Writing for The Times, the outspoken former Liverpool star said: “If United are offering Paul Pogba a new contract, it’s surely only to recoup some of the £89 million they paid for him. “I’d question if you want him around your club with the people who appear to be advising him. “All United’s rivals will want Pogba to stay this summer, which is an indictment in itself, and I often wonder if it’s more about Instagram followers than giving his heart and soul to his football. “He has been a divisive character. Before breaking the British transfer record to bring Pogba back did United ask for advice from Fergie, who previously let him leave? THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “They have plainly not tapped into the experience of the greatest Premier League manager.” Souness has also been underwhelmed by Raphael Varane since the centre-back joined from Real Madrid back in the summer. “Critics often focus on Harry Maguire among United’s centre backs,” he added. “But in Raphael Varane, I don’t see the same player he was five years ago, bringing me back to what the great Jock Stein said: ‘Never judge a player on memory.’ “Real Madrid tend not to let top players leave, a good example being Mesut Ozil at Arsenal.” DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Ronaldo bagged a stunning hat-trick as United beat Norwich 3-2 on Saturday to boost their chances of securing Champions League football. Yet he, too, has come in for criticism. “Cristiano Ronaldo has a claim to be the best player ever,” Souness stated. “But is showing signs of being a frustrated figure coming to the end of playing at the highest level. “Before he signed, I’d have made it clear he would not play every game but would have wanted him to be an example to everyone in the dressing room. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It looks like he’s finding it hard to get that message across because of how the modern game has evolved and he can’t make the impression he wants any more.” Souness is also unimpressed by Ralf Rangnick, who took over from Ole Gunnar Solskjaer earlier in the season. “I’d love to know why one of the world’s most prestigious clubs hired Ralf Rangnick from Russia,” he said. “What made them think that he was a good fit? Again, was Fergie asked for his opinion? “It looked like a nice pension plan for Rangnick from day one and still does, as he’s set to stay as an adviser for two more years.” However, David De Gea has earned some praise. “I’ve been critical of David de Gea previously, but his form has been much better this season and he is arguably the one player capable of helping United get back to challenging for the Premier League and Champions League,” he added. “I am not sure how many others the new manager will keep.”