Clive Myrie was the man in the BBC panel show’s presenter chair on Friday’s series opener of Have I Got News For You alongside team captain Ian Hislop and Paul Merton. Joined by Helen Lewis and Andy Hamilton, the five took a satirical look at the week’s headlines, and pulled no punches when it came to Prince Andrew’s public appearance alongside the Queen at Prince Philip’s memorial this week. The outing at Westminster Abbey hit headlines as it was the first joint appearance since Prince Andrew settled his sexual assault case with Virginia Giuffre out of court. The royal has always vehemently denied all of the allegations made against him. Prince Andrew accompanied his mother at the service and was pictured holding her arm as she walked into the abbey. Bringing up the moment along with Prince William and Kate Middleton’s Caribbean tour, Clive said during Friday’s Have I Got News For You: “And so to round two, the Picture Spin Quiz. Fingers on buzzers, teams.” READ MORE: Jermaine Jenas sparks BBC backlash after landing World Cup draw gig A photo of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge alongside a statue of Bob Marley taken from the tour popped on-screen as Paul buzzed in and joked: “The Wailers are reforming. Some of the ‘Prince of Wailers’…” Laughs and groans erupted in the studio before Ian cut to the chase and weighed in: “The Caribbean Tour of William and Kate. It had a lot of protests and it was rather awkward.” “There were a number of photo opps which led to critics describing the couple as ‘tone-deaf’. What were they?” Clive asked. Ripping into the royals, Ian replied: “There was one that was meant to be a tribute to the Queen in which they posed in a Range Rover looking like something from a 1950s film. “I think people thought they should’ve done something a bit more modern… turned up in an Uber?” The BBC audience laughed before Clive turned the conversation toward the thanksgiving memorial service. He said: “William and Kate, they were also at Prince Philip’s memorial on Tuesday. Prince Andrew, who was allowed to leave the ‘naughty step’ to walk the Queen down the aisle in his first public outing since he paid off Virginia Giuffre with £12 million.” “They finally found a use for Andrew,” Ian chimed in again. “No one knew what to do with him and he’s now officially a walking stick.” DON'T MISS:'Shame' Nick Ferarri blasts Harry and Meghan over securityPrince Andrew wants to be at Queen's side for Jubilee celebrationsPrincesses Eugenie and Beatrice 'received Turkish fraudster money' The audience again chuckled at Ian’s jibe before Clive showed a photo of the occasion and commented: “Here’s the stick.” Continuing to take aim at Andrew, Paul then joked: “I think it’s very wrong to compare Prince Andrew to a walking stick. A walking stick is strong, straight and dependable…” Again, the audience saw the funny side while Clive pondered: “Was it a well-judged move, do you think? Putting Andrew centre stage?” Pretending to smoke a cigarette, Paul mocked Her Royal Highness as he remarked: “She might be saying, ‘Listen Andy, it’s all a thing in the past, you come with me. I’ll have the walking stick, I don’t really need it, you be the other side, it’ll be alright. Couple of peas in a pod’.” And while the two team captains enjoyed ridiculing the royals, Clive also had a joke of his own as he concluded the segment. “This is what could be the last ever royal tour of the Caribbean,” he said of the picture that kicked off the discussion. The BBC News host added: “The tour was dogged by nonstop controversy making it the most misjudged royal trip to a Caribbean island since Prince Andrew last visited Jeffrey Epstein.” A ripple of gasps and giggles swept through the audience before Clive moved on with the rest of the show. Have I Got News For You airs Fridays at 9pm on BBC One.