Erik ten Hag will want to play Pep Guardiola-style football at Manchester United if he becomes the club's next manager, according to Dutch football expert Marcel van der Kraan. Ten Hag will want to build his team around younger players, which could spell bad news for Cristiano Ronaldo's future at the club. The Ajax boss is the favourite to replace Ralf Rangnick at Old Trafford. He is the preferred candidate for Red Devils chiefs but is yet to decide whether to accept the offer. RB Leipzig are also interested in appointing Ten Hag as their new manager. Van der Kraan discussed the situation on Sky Sports News on Monday afternoon. He was asked what demands Ten Hag will have before accepting the job, with presenter Vicky Gomersall posing the question: "What are the most important things he wants when he's joining a club?" Van der Kraan replied by stating Ten Hag will want to be able to play the same style at United that Guardiola plays at Manchester City. READ MORE: Man Utd ‘have submitted written offer’ as Erik ten Hag has big dreams for Old Trafford  And even though he didn't want to single out Ronaldo, he said that would not be good news for the older players currently at Old Trafford. Ronaldo is the oldest outfielder in the United squad at 37. Van der Kraan replied: "Of course every manager looks at the players, the squad. And I think he wants a squad that he can create for his type of football, his attacking football. "He's a massive fan of Pep Guardiola and the sort of football they play at Manchester City will be the kind of football he will play, because it's also similar to the Ajax style. And he will want young players, players with good fitness, players with a less-bigger status but players that will fit into his style. DON'T MISSMan Utd forward Mason Greenwood confronted by supporter as police investigation continues [NEWS]Erik ten Hag ‘close to deciding on Man Utd job’ with three assurances key [GOSSIP]Gary Neville and Roy Keane agreed as duo pick title winner between Liverpool and Man City [QUOTES]  "I think that is more important when it comes to the squad. So it might be the case that certain older players, and I'm not necessarily saying Cristiano Ronaldo, but we can all see that older players are more difficult to reshape and fit into his way of football. "Attack, attack, attack starts with the forwards attacking the defence because his style of football is being played on the other half of the pitch, the half of the pitch of the opponents." Meanwhile, former Arsenal midfielder Ray Parlour recently stated Ten Hag could be the next Guardiola or Jurgen Klopp for United. Parlour told talkSPORT: “I would go with Ten Hag, if I’m being honest. I would give him a go.  "He could be the new Klopp or Guardiola, who knows. What I've seen so far of what he's done at Ajax has been excellent. "Whether he can do that in England is another matter because it's a much tougher league, we know that. But I certainly go with him." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 