World No.1 Novak Djokovic has seemingly been warned that the rise of Carlos Alcaraz is ‘perfect’ for Rafael Nadal. Former tennis star Alex Corretja believes Alcaraz’s emergence will inspire Nadal to play at his very best as he continues to chase Grand Slam titles late in his career. Alcaraz has been one of the stars of 2022, only losing twice since the turn of the year. He fell to Matteo Berrettini at the Australian Open before the teenager was knocked out of Indian Wells by Nadal. The 18-year-old claimed his first Masters title at the Miami Open last week, defeating Casper Ruud 7-5 6-4 in the final. Corretja believes that while Alcaraz poses a threat to the very best players in the world, his form will ensure Nadal performs at the top of his game. “This is simply perfect for Rafa because he is the greatest champion we have ever had,” Corretja said of his compatriot. “Now there is a new guy who knows what he has in mind, so Rafa will have to go to extremes to win. “This will lead Rafa to improve his game even more. He will find a way to beat Alcaraz because he played against him in Indian Wells and struggled a lot. READ MORE: Emma Raducanu has 'audition with new highly sought after coach' “He knows he has to play his best to win.” Nadal has faced Alcaraz on two occasions, with their recent meeting in California showcasing the improvement of the young star as he fell 6-4 4-6 6-3 to the 21-time Grand Slam champion. In their first clash, Nadal convincingly defeated his fellow Spaniard 6-1 6-2 - but Corretja warned it will not be easy for the world no. 4. “Rafa is much older and more experienced,” Corretja added. “He is the best of all time, especially on clay, but matches with Carlos will be a big challenge for him. We will have to wait to see what Alcaraz will do on clay in big tournaments.” DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu defended by Chris Evert over mounting pressureTeen tennis ace who slapped opponent in 'barbaric' incident apologisesDjokovic on Madrid Open entry list as Serb ramps up French Open prep Nadal is currently recovering from a rib injury and will not return to action until the end of April, while Alcaraz’s run of form culminated in his maiden title win in Miami. For Corretja, both players have a mutual sense of respect while Spanish tennis fans hope Alcaraz can emulate Nadal’s success to some degree. “They are great guys, they are from Spain, and they are modest,” Corretja, who twice reached the final of the French Open during his career, concluded. “Nadal is not jealous of Alcaraz. “He knows that he is great and that he has a long career ahead of them. We hope that the guy from Murcia will one day be close to Rafa.”