The Prime Minister has been fined by the police for breaking his own laws in 2020, when Downing Street staff gathered for parties while the country was in mandatory lockdown. Facing increasing pressure to resign, Boris Johnson has doubled down, issuing a full apology but insisting that he will remain in his post and continue working to serve Britain’s interests. But not everyone agrees that Mr Johnson would be better off resigning – a poll of Express.co.uk readers this week showed that 62 percent felt that leaving the helm would not be the right thing to do. Speaking on GB News on Wednesday in a panel debate, journalist Dan Wootton said: “We are in the middle of the cost of living crisis, we are in the middle of the war in Europe. We are coming out of the pandemic recovery. “Surely, a Tory leadership contest at the moment, which would involve many Cabinet ministers in really important positions, would be disastrous for the country.” Responding to this, journalist Nina Myskow argued the other side of the issue, saying: “He is a Prime Minister that you cannot trust. He is a known liar. “His apology was absolutely pitiful. He is reading it from a piece of paper like that. “If you are sincere and honest in your apology, you don’t need a piece of paper. You talk straight to the people. It’s just outrageous.” READ MORE: Ukrainian caller brands Brits 'pathetic' for telling Boris to resign  In his apology, Mr Johnson read from a script in which he “humbly accepted” that he broke the law and said he wanted to “focus on the job at hand”, which includes the joint Western efforts to tackle Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. Ms Myskow continued her scathing critique: “The fish rots from the head down and he is at the head. “And…to use Ukraine as a political means of saving his own skin is despicable. “Just as despicable is the fact that hundreds of thousands of people are mourning about the people they have lost during the pandemic and Boris is just partying. “This is just the tip of the iceberg. This is only one party.” So what do you think? Is Boris Johnson using Ukraine to save his career? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comments below. 