The Beatles split up in 1970 after releasing their final album, Let It Be. Peter Jackson's Disney Plus documentary, Get Back, showed off some of the struggles the band endured during the recording of their last record, including a vicious argument between George Harrison and Paul McCartney. After the band broke up, each band member started working on their own solo music. Nine years later, Harrison opened up about how he really felt about McCartney's tracks with Wings. McCartney started Paul McCartney and Wings in 1971, a year after the Fab Four split. Teaming up with his wife at the time, Linda McCartney, the band produced eight records throughout the 1970s, with their final album, Back to the Egg, hitting in 1979. Harrison was interviewed in the same year by Rolling Stone about working with McCartney and how he felt about the star's new music. And he didn't pull any punches. Harrison said of McCartney's music: "I think it’s inoffensive. I’ve always preferred Paul’s good melodies to his screaming rock and roll tunes." Harrison explained how he didn't like the "heavy" music a lot of artists released. He said: "All the noisy, beaty things I’m not into at all. But then that’s not only with Paul’s music, that goes right across the board. I’m not a fan of that sort of punky, heavy, tinny stuff. I like a nice melody." Instead, The Quiet Beatle confessed he enjoyed McCartney's more sorrowful and melodic tracks. Of course, McCartney is best known for penning such classics as Blackbird, Yesterday and Hey Jude. READ MORE: John Lennon thought The Beatles were nothing but 'a fad' Harrison explained he enjoyed the same style of tracks from Wings. He said: "The tune I thought was sensational on [Wings'] London Town album was I’m Carrying." Harrison did not forget about the tough times he had with McCartney, however. The star was quizzed about ever working with McCartney again. He said: "Well now we don’t have any problems whatsoever as far as being people is concerned, and it’s quite nice to see him. But I don’t know about being in a band with him, how that would work out." DON'T MISS...John Lennon thought The Beatles were nothing but 'a fad' [NEWS]Paul McCartney 'panicked' Michael Bublé over touching cover song [INFO]John Lennon didn't write Imagine alone: Not man enough to give credit [INSIGHT] Harrison elaborated, explaining that working with McCartney was "difficult". The singer was notoriously controlling during the writing and recording of The Beatles tracks. And this was something Harrison had had enough of. He continued: "It’s like, we all have our own tunes to do. And my problem was that it would always be very difficult to get in on the act, because Paul was very pushy in that respect. When he succumbed to playing on one of your tunes, he’d always do good." Harrison's ex-wife, Pattie Boyd, later revealed how the singer "didn't like" McCartney. She said in 2013: "George saw Paul as difficult. They would tolerate each other, but I think George basically didn’t like Paul’s personality. I just think they really didn’t love each other." SOURCE