F1 is back with the best drivers in the world heading to Melbourne for the 2022 Australian Grand Prix. You'll have to set your alarm clocks for lights out as it's at 6am UK time, and if you want to watch all the action live you'll need access to Sky Sports. You can access Sky's Formula One channel via your Sky Q, Virgin Media TV 360 or BT TV box, or alternatively you can take advantage of a bargain NOW deal running at the moment and watch Sky Sports via the NOW app for your smartphone, tablet, Smart TV, games console or laptop. Going into the race this weekend in Melbourne Ferrari's Charles Leclerc is leading the title, with the Monegasque driver last time out having a jaw-dropping battle in the final few laps of the race in Jeddah with Max Verstappen, with the Red Bull star and defending champion winning out. And with the revised Albert Park circuit featuring four - that's right - four DRS zones it looks like this weekend's race could feature plenty of overtaking once again. If you don't want to miss a single moment of the latest round in the 2022 F1 season then here's how you can tune in online...  Sky Sports F1 has all the action live from Melbourne with subscribers able to tune in via channel 406 with pre-race coverage starting from 4.30am and the red lights going out at 6am. The race is also available on Sky Sports Main Event (channel 401). If you use Virgin to watch Sky then you'll find the action on channel 506. Everything is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app which is available for both Android and iOS devices It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use Sky Go due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a Sky subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). You can find some of the best options below...  Sky Go is also available on a number of platforms including Amazon Fire devices, iPad, Mac computers and laptops, PlayStation 3, PS4 and Xbox One. The Sky Sports app, available to download on iOS and Android devices, will also be providing live text coverage and updates. If you're not currently a Sky Sports customer but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a NOW membership. Day passes, which let you add Sky Sports channels for 24 hours, start at £11.98 a day. A monthly pass usually costs £33.99 and you can cancel anytime, but thanks to a money saving deal running at the moment it's available for £20. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Don't forget that Channel Four has all the highlights of the race, but it will be shown a bit later on at 10.30pm. 