Former Formula 1 driver Marc Surer has accused Red Bull engineers of being ’sloppy’ as they constructed reigning world champion Max Verstappen’s car. The Dutchman has only finished one of the first three races of 2022, winning in Saudi Arabia between two breakdowns in Bahrain and Australia. The Australian Grand Prix proved to be a particularly frustrating weekend for Verstappen. While chasing race leader Charles Leclerc, the 24-year-old suddenly pulled over on lap 39 after saying he could ‘smell weird fluid’ and that the car was ‘****ing itself’. Once again, the engine troubles cost Verstappen a surefire P2 finish after the season-opening race in Bahrain. The pair of DNF’s leaves Verstappen just sixth in the Drivers’ Standings, already 46 behind Ferrari’s Leclerc - who has a 34-point lead over second-place George Russell. The malfunctioning machinery is all the more frustrating for Verstappen given he inflicted Leclerc’s only dropped points of the season so far with the Red Bull win in Saudi Arabia. Former F1 driver and now pundit Surer does not think a successful title defence is already impossible, but the Swiss star suggested Verstappen’s car wasn’t put together as optimally as possible. READ MORE: Toto Wolff gives ‘all credit’ to Ferrari for pulling off engine trick “With 23 races, it’s actually not that much,” said the 70-year-old Swiss about the 46-point gap during a video interview for formel1.de. “It sounds like a lot, it makes a bad impression, but on the other hand we have to say he won a race. That means he’s capable of winning and I think that’s the most important thing to learn from it.” The accusation of ‘sloppy’ car construction put forward regarding Red Bull is hardly characteristic of the team. Surer backs Christian Horner and co. to recover, and acknowledge the incident at Albert Park likely happened as a result of a lack of concentration “Red Bull also know how to make a car fast,” added the former Brabham driver. “They already know where their weaknesses are. So I’m not really worried they will catch up again 100% sooner or later. “What happened is that a line broke, so either they have a weak point in there or it’s been badly fitted. That shouldn’t really happen. DON'T MISSFIA face policing job if Porsche and Audi join F1 due to two reasonsF1's Miami GP in danger of being 'blocked' as residents file lawsuitRed Bull boss Christian Horner demands money from FIA in Ferrari swipe “Either the part was simply too weak or not properly constructed, or what I rather believe, because one [Red Bull] car finished, that probably the assembly was simply sloppy.” Surer also commented on Verstappen’s explosive mood while piloting his RB18 this season, which he believes is because the world champion is not pleased with his car. Surer commented on how the Dutchman showcased his composure and maturity in testing - but is worried that has gone out the window already. “Now in the races, [Max] is impatient,” Surer added. “I think that also has to do with the fact that he doesn’t have the superior car he was hoping for.” The 22-race F1 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to a record 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues with the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix on April 24.