The Prime Minister highlighted 10 landmark measures due to become law this week as proof that he is delivering for Britain. And he said: “Whether it be in response to Putin’s illegal invasion or our recovery from the pandemic, we are providing the leadership needed in challenging times.” Amid a firm belief in Downing Street that he can put the Party-gate saga behind him, Mr Johnson insists he is producing policies people really care about. He said the new laws, including keeping serious offenders behind bars for longer, strengthening the NHS and smashing people-smuggling gangs, show the Government is providing the leadership the country needs. It comes as a senior MP predicted: “Boris will be kicked out after May 5,” in the face of mounting Conservative unease ahead of next month’s local elections. Meanwhile, others warned the cost of living crisis “could sink the Tory party”. They added that a bad performance in the May poll would spark a House of Commons confidence vote in the premier. But Mr Johnson is stressing he is carrying out policies people in Britain want to see and his party is showing the leadership required in “challenging times”. He said: “This Government is getting on with the job of delivering for the British people. The 10 Bills expected to pass into law this week will protect our borders, tackle the Covid backlogs, keep our streets safe and ease pressures on household budgets by equipping people with the skills to secure well-paid jobs. “All this sits alongside our relentless drive to capitalise on new Brexit freedoms and unleash the potential of people and businesses right across our country. “Whether it be in response to Putin’s illegal invasion of Ukraine or our recovery from the pandemic, we are providing the leadership needed in challenging times.” Insiders say the mood in Downing Street is “very positive”, despite the Partygate fines for lockdown gatherings, and the Prime Minister still believes he will be able to fight through it. And there are “huge frustrations” with Tory MPs who Mr Johnson’s allies believe “have made things worse unnecessarily” by not blocking the investigation by the Standards and Privileges Committee. One senior source referred to Steve Baker, who openly attacked the Prime Minister, saying “the gig is up”, as “that Brexit minister we don’t speak to”, adding: “We are not sure what his game is.” Another Downing Street source had “no doubt the PM will survive” and suggested those who had turned on him “might regret it”. Last night, a senior No10 insider said of Mr Johnson: “He wakes up feisty and energetic.” Another Johnson supporter asserted: “He can rule for a decade.” The Prime Minister’s defence of his record follows a torrid week which saw his visit to India overshadowed by continuing Partygate controversy. MPs voted to launch an inquiry into whether he misled them when he said Covid rules were followed in No 10. And in a clear sign of the disquiet in Conservative ranks, the Government ditched a bid to delay the vote on backing the standards committee investigation. Mr Johnson’s position will come under even greater pressure if he is hit with more fines for Covid violations, a critical report by civil servant Sue Gray, and the Tories losing their Wakefield, West Yorks, seat in the upcoming by-election. Despite these threats, a source who knows Mr Johnson well described a reinvigorated Prime Minister who will survive the turbulence around Partygate, take the Tories into the next election and hold power for a decade. There is particular encouragement in Downing Street that he is considered to have displayed the “courage” and “instincts” to make the right calls on key issues, including Ukraine, the new energy strategy and migration. The plan to send some asylum seekers to Rwanda ignited fierce controversy, but there is confidence that the policy has cut through with voters. Another top Government source insisted Mr Johnson will not quit as Tory leader ahead of the next election, saying: “The PM is determined to get on with the things that matter to the public. “He has delivered Brexit, led the country through Covid and opened up the economy, and is now leading the international response to Putin’s barbaric invasion of Ukraine. He is more determined than ever and will lead his party into the next election and continue to deliver on the priorities of the British people.” Former Conservative minister Mr Baker has warned that the party could “reap the whirlwind on polling day”. It came as fine notices started arriving in email inboxes of officials who attended a “bring your own bottle” drinks do on May 20, 2020. The gathering in the Downing Street garden happened during England’s first Covid lockdown, when indoor and outdoor gatherings were banned. Another ex-minister also claimed there had been “a surge in support” for former Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt to replace Mr Johnson. The politician said: “You need to bring back effective government because that’s what delivers for people, including on the cost of living crisis, which is real and could sink the Tory Party.” Another senior MP said: “A lot of people have buyer’s remorse after not supporting Jeremy last time.” They have predicted Mr Johnson will be “kicked out” after May 5, adding: “You can feel it in the water.” However, a Tory MP elected in 2019 was dismissive of Mr Hunt succeeding Mr Johnson, saying: “Jeremy’s problem is he’s a manager. He’s not a leader.” Stuart Anderson, a former soldier who won Wolverhampton South West for the Conservatives, declared strong support for the Prime Minister and insisted the country wanted to move on from Partygate. He said: “The PM won an 80-seat majority because of who he is, the person he is, the vision he shared for the country, and that’s what people want to see. “I think there’s a lot of hype around this but people are sick of it, they’ve had enough of it and they want to move on. “I don’t want anyone else to lead us into the next general election. I think he’s only just getting started. “If you look at what he’s done, I believe he will go down in history as one of the great prime ministers, having delivered Brexit against all odds, fought the pandemic that no other prime minister alive has been through, supported the war in Ukraine, leading the world in that. “And that’s before you even mention some of the great policies like the Borders Bill, what we are doing on police and crime, the support for the NHS. “I think it’s absolutely outstanding.” A Tory MP in the North said there was anger with Conservative MPs who had attacked Mr Johnson as campaigning is under way for the May 5 poll. The MP said: “There is a special place in hell for people who cause difficulty during local elections.” A “Red Wall” MP said the Prime Minister’s critics hoped that if he was deposed, it would be possible to reverse Brexit and rejoin the EU, and Labour believed that without Boris it would become easier to win back northern seats. The MP added: “I say to all of my colleagues, if you remove Boris you are doing their bidding and you are also doing Putin’s bidding.” However, a former Cabinet minister acknowledged the scale of unease on Tory benches, saying: “Clearly there are very, very whispered conversations happening and a lot of colleagues [are] unhappy – very, very unhappy.” This view contrasts with recent optimism that the Prime Minister was “emerging from the woods”. The source said: “He is very much deep in the woods.” A key frustration is that Tory problems are boosting the fortunes of Labour. They said: “We are making Keir Starmer look good and he’s not good.” However, they have acknowledged that there are many MPs who continue to see Mr Johnson as a top election-winning asset and say: “Come 2024, Boris will beat Starmer. He is our best bet and we would be mad to ditch him.” One of Mr Johnson’s key advantages is the absence of a leading contender to replace him. An ex-Cabinet minister said: “There may well be someone who fancies his or her chances. But the truth is I think everybody recognises there are no obvious alternatives.” Living to fight another day has become the job description of a British Prime Minister – and Boris Johnson has no desire to get out of the ring. Those close to him describe a man with no deficit of mojo, who is jumping out of bed to grab the challenges of the day and who has shown he has the crucial combination of courage and instincts needed to make the right decisions on issues as big as the survival of Ukraine and Britain’s energy supply. None of that is to minimise the jittery state of the Tory ranks. Legions of Conservative MPs know their chances of hanging on at the next election are directly connected to the personal popularity of the Prime Minister. Mid-term council elections are traditionally considered an opportunity for voters to kick the shins of the party in power, but if the Tories do particularly badly there will be renewed calls for a vote of confidence in the PM. The upcoming Wakefield by-election will be portrayed as another key test as to whether Mr Johnson has lost his appeal in the red wall. All this comes as the cost of living crisis bites. Mr Johnson will face calls from an impassioned Left for more action to help the worst off and pressure from a restless Right to cut taxes to unlock growth. Despite these challenges, there are good reasons to think removal vans are not on their way to Downing St. The PM’s biggest advantage is the lack of an obvious successor who can unite the party and win votes far beyond ancient Tory shires. Far from entering the final act, the PM and his advisers will hope that the Boris era is beginning one of its most dynamic chapters yet.