American hitmaker Donny Osmond has told how he would "crawl up in a ball and cry his eyes out" because he felt lonely. In a candid new interview, the star, 64, spoke about different periods of his singing career and how hard he found out to break out of certain categories he'd been "pigeonholed" into. Donny said: "I've been through a lot of different transitions, it's difficult when you make it as a teeny-bopper." However, he admitted that at the time, the experience was "fantastic". He went on: "But when you finish that after about two or three years it's like, no, that's for kids. "Well hold on, I grew up too, but everybody's keeping you back in that pigeonhole, as it were." READ MORE: Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue The singer looked to the case of Canadian singer Justin Bieber who he claimed has been through a similar experience. Donny said: "So, Justin went through the same thing," he added, before belting out the lyrics to Justin's hit, Baby. "It's a great pop song, teeny-bopper song." The star told how he especially empathised with one of Justin's songs. Donny explained: "And when the video of Lonely came out I thought, 'Man, if anybody can relate to that, it's me.' "I won't take the time here but there's been stories where I've just crawled up in a ball and cried my eyes out because I was lonely. "I almost started crying when I watched that video," he shared with Nishelle Turner of TalkShopLive. Elsewhere, Donny reflected on his career and spoke about why being a child star is "a curse". DON'T MISS... Countdown's Rachel Riley fears show stint could spell 'end of career' [UPDATE]Rod Stewart left Tom Fletcher mortified in ‘awful' run-in over songs [ANALYSIS]Denise Welch breaks silence after stalker jailed for seven years [INSIGHT] In another recent interview, the singer and actor confessed that it's something that can be “really difficult to break out of”. He said: "“It is a curse when you hit it big as a little kid because everyone wants to keep you in that pigeonhole. “And it’s really difficult to break out of it. Some people have been able to do it successfully.” Again, Donny looked to Justin Bieber who he said has “done an amazing job,” but “didn’t go through it easily either". He also stressed that he was determined to let his music “speak for itself” rather than using PR strategies. Donny recounted: “I decided long ago that I wasn’t going to do it with scandals, trickery or promotional campaigns. I was going to do it with my music, which is a really difficult way to do it. “But it happened. And it took me 10 years. But I wanted the music to speak for itself," Donny told Fox News. However, he added that “perseverance” and support from his fans helped him position himself as an adult.