BBC Breakfast’s Dan Walker, 45, has shared images of mysterious stains under the iconic furniture at the studios on social media. This comes days after Dan announced he is planning to leave the BBC morning show. Earlier this week, Dan decided to show fans behind the scenes images from the BBC Breakfast studios but it wasn’t exactly what they had been expecting. The grim video clip, which showed a “strange” large stain under the well-known red sofa, was posted on Dan’s Instagram story. His colleagues had hilarious reactions to it. Dan said: “Well, welcome to the world of the strange BBC Breakfast stain,” and showed the stain in all its glory on the social media platform. READ MORE: Rachel Riley on struggle as she's bombarded with 'disgusting' messages  He posted in view of his 273,000 followers. A woman in the background, who was not seen on camera but is thought to be Dan’s co-presenter Sally Nugent, 50, saw the stain and could be heard screaming. She then asked: “What's that?” The former Strictly contestant, who has been with the BBC for the past 13 years, could be heard laughing at her reaction. “You put a face on it,” the female voice also said. He had tagged Sally and BBC Breakfast’s instagram accounts on the Instagram story, alongside a gif of a person feeling sick. Dan is planning to leave the red sofa, and the rest of the BBC set, behind in the next few weeks. The star recently announced he will be quitting, after six years as a co-host there, in favour of rivals Channel 5. DON'T MISS:Ricky Gervais defies woke claims Chris Rock 'deserved' slap at Oscars [LATEST]Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [NEWS]Jane Fonda, 84, showcases ageless beauty in princess-style gown [PICTURES]  The presenter took to Twitter on Monday to share the news of his departure. Dan’s BBC Breakfast fans were heartbroken at the news. According to reports, Dan’s move from the BBC to Channel 5 News is set to earn him up to £500,000 a year. He will be replacing Sian Williams on the Channel 5 show, who will be leaving to pursue other projects. She will continue her weekly mental health segment on Channel 5. The presenter has insisted that he has “never been motivated by money”. On Monday, Channel 5 News shared Dan's exciting news on their official account. Alongside a video clip which Dan had recorded, the broadcaster wrote: “Some news to share with you all from us at @5_News @mrdanwalker will be bringing you the news at 5pm every day from now on. “And he's got something to tell you all - watch his video down below.” In the video, Dan said he was “excited” to be joining Channel 5, while also feeling sad to be leaving BBC Breakfast.