The brilliant warm UK weather is set to be warmer than Madrid this weekend, with the Spanish capital expected to be a cool 13C on Saturday before warming to 18C on Sunday. According to the weather experts, dry and sunny weather is going to continue throughout the weekend with some possibility of rain next week.  The weather forecast suggests that there will continue to be a lot of dry weather as we head through the weekend and into next week, as a blocking area of high pressure stays put close to the north, which will divert the Atlantic low track further south across southern Europe, bringing unsettled and cool conditions here, with much of northern Europe staying dry. Nick Finnis, a meteorologist with Netweather.tv said: “With low pressure to the south and high pressure to the north, it will mean a keen easterly wind will blow over the coming days, this will bring cloudier skies and a few showers across southern Britain over the next few days, but for many it will stay dry with sunny spells, best of the sunshine across the west. “Although it will be warm enough in the sun, it will feel on the cool side in the shade and exposed to the easterly wind. “We are not expecting temperatures to reach the low twenties as we saw over the Easter Weekend.   “If anything, it looks to turn even cooler next week, as the winds turn northeasterly, pulling in colder air from Scandinavia. But the rather dry conditions likely persisting until the end of the month.” A rather cloudy start is expected across much of England and Wales, even a few showers across north west England and north Wales at breakfast time. Far southwest of England and much of Scotland, along with Northern Ireland, is set to enjoy a sunny morning. He said: “Early cloud and the spot of rain should clear west from many parts to join Scotland and N. Ireland to a sunny day. READ MORE: Man, 36, arrested on suspicion of assaulting emergency worker  “But across south Wales, central and southern areas of England there will be more in the way of cloud at times, with a few showers developing here and there, but most staying dry with sunny spells. “Feeling cool out of the sun in the easterly wind blowing across most areas, most places reaching 14-17C today, perhaps 19C across western Scotland with shelter from the easterly wind. “Cooler along eastern coasts with the wind off the North Sea, perhaps only 10-11C along coasts here.” A brisk easterly wind across all parts, bringing cloudy skies at times across England and Wales, with some scattered showers. Some sunny spells too and not everywhere will see a shower. DON'T MISS:Boris vows to send Ukraine ‘heavier weaponry’Royal fans gush as Kate releases adorable birthday snaps of LouisTesco to limit cooking oil purchase Mr Finnis added: “Scotland is generally sunniest on Saturday, though cloudy at times towards eastern Scotland, more in the way of cloud on Sunday, especially for northern and eastern Scotland, perhaps the odd shower here, sunnier towards the west. “Highest temperatures likely to be across south and west, perhaps reaching 16-17C, otherwise 14-15C, towards the northeast and eastern coasts more like 10-12C.” According to the experts, next week, high pressure to the north subtly shifts a little further west, but low pressure still to the south and east, this will mean winds turning northeasterly, drawing on colder air currently to the north of Scandinavia. He said: “So, a cooler feel next week, exacerbated by the northeasterly breeze, which will feed a fair bit of cloud and some showers. “Monday the day of next week with more widespread showers. Tuesday onwards perhaps rather cloudy towards the east, with a few showers, sunnier towards the west. “Temperatures perhaps in the low teens at best, a risk of frost overnight too inland where skies clear, so temperatures a little below average.” 