Property finder company, Garrington’s, recently published its marketing report for the best and worst places to live in London this year. The property market has significantly changed in the last two years, with more and more escaping the city life London has to offer after the pandemic resulted in many working from home permanently. Homebuyers are also in search of more space, such as the addition of a home office or bigger garden, which many are not able to find in the busy capital. The best and worst places to live in London in 2022 have been revealed, with a few surprises in the capital's rankings. Garrington have put together their annual definitive ranking of everywhere to live in the UK based on multiple criteria fitting into four categories: physical environment, quality of life, architecture/heritage and going green. Express.co.uk has analysed the results and ranked the three best and worst London boroughs included in Garrington's study. Harefield in Hillingdon and New Addington in Croydon are both listed separately to the rest of their boroughs, and four boroughs are not included at all - Westminster; City of London; Hammersmith and Fulham; and Southwark. READ MORE: House prices: What has the ‘biggest impact’ on property value There are no London areas in the top 200 places in the UK, but four in the bottom 200 - which gives you an idea of the tough competition. Overall the majority of London locations dropped down the list, many significantly, with Barnet falling a huge 353 places. The full list is made up of 1,372 areas of the UK. Meanwhile, Bath retained its crown as the top spot to move to in the whole of the UK. So where did your area fall? DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to unblock drains using white vinegar and baking soda [COMMENT]Garden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [EXPERT]Gardening: How to grow ’tastier’ tomatoes in your garden - ‘important’ [TIPS] According to Garrington’s research report, Hackney came up as the best London area to live in, with the borough being known for its great food and unmatched nightlife. East London’s Hackney has undergone huge regeneration in recent years to become the city’s most liveable borough. The area ranked 206, which has risen by 65 places since 2021. Properties in Hackney had an overall average house price of £674,873 over the last year, according to Rightmove. Camden closely followed after being ranked 230 out of 1,372. Camden Town is famed for its market, a warren of fashion and curiosities by the Regent’s Canal. Despite its central location and urban appearance, Camden is close to green spaces and park land. The London borough of Islington was ranked as the third best London area to live in this year. Moving onto the worst London areas, Barking and Dagenham both ranked 1297. Since last year’s property report, the two boroughs have dropped a significant 288 places. Homebuyers can expect to pay an average property price of £349,090 for houses in Barking and around £330,619 in Dagenham, according to Rightmove. Redbridge was not far behind as it ranked 1203 on the 2022 list. Although this borough is ranked fairly low, it consists of Roman structural remains that have been uncovered at Valentines Park, Barkingside, and Wanstead. London’s Harefield was ranked 1198 and has dropped 222 places since 2021. Properties in Harefield had an overall average price of £480,009 over the last year, says Rightmo