As the cost of living crisis continues to stretch the finances of millions of UK households it has never been more important to save money on your energy bills. The average water bill has also risen as high as £420 this year this year in another blow to household finances. But if you're looking to save some cash, one place you could start is with your washing machine. Many Britons have been using their washing machines inefficiently and so have been increasing their bills unnecessarily. Many homeowners switch on their washing machines without a second thought. However, there are more economical ways to use your washing machine without keeping it on too long or with temperatures too high. Experts at British Gas have estimated that running your washing machine on a 30 degree cycle instead of using higher temperatures can save around £28 on your annual bill. What’s more, drying your clothes outside as much as you can could save even more. READ MORE: Laundry: How to save money using your tumble dryer - ‘costs less’ Joanna Flowers, engineer at British Gas, explained that there are ways homeowners can reduce their energy bills through their washing machines. She said: “There are several things you can do to be more energy efficient with the washing machine. “Use the economy settings to save water and energy and dry your clothes outside as much as you can when the weather allows. “In the winter, you should also avoid drying clothes on radiators as much as you can as it will make your boiler work harder to heat the room. DON'T MISS: Garden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [EXPERT]Window cleaning: How to achieve 'streak-free' windows - ‘magic’ [COMMENT]Cleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls [TIPS] “Setting your washing machine to wash at 30 degrees rather than higher temperatures will save around £28 a year on energy bills.” Bills for water and sewage in England and Wales are due to rise 1.7 percent this year, according to Water UK. However, some households may find their bills rise more or less than this average figure. Some parts of the country, like Essex, will see bills rising by 10 percent. Homeowners can also use a high-speed spin cycle to save money when using their washing machines. Upping the speed of your wash will mean that they come out of your machine almost dry. In most cases, this will mean you won’t have to put them through the tumble dryer, as air drying will be quicker than usual. If you put your washing cycle on at night, this could save you up to £13.50 a year if you are on a certain tariff. Those who are on an Economy Seven tariff are charged two rates, during the day the rate is usually higher compared to the more affordable rate at night. Exactly how much you save will depend on your energy supplier as rates vary between the different energy companies. Energy Saving Trust recommends Britons wait until they have a full load before putting a wash on. Overall, this will help to reduce the number of washes you need to do each week. Reducing your laundry by just one wash a week could save you up to £11 a week. Although these savings may seem small individually, added together they could save you a hefty amount each year, so they are well worth adopting.