Sophie, Countess of Wessex, 57, and Prince Edward, 58, will not travel to Grenada as part of their Caribbean tour, Buckingham Palace said on Thursday. The cancellation of the royal couple’s visit came after talks with the island's government and governor general. The Earl and Countess of Wessex’s week-long trip to the Caribbean to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee kicks off today. In recent years, Sophie, and her husband Edward – the Queen’s youngest son – have carved out reputations as two of the most reliable senior royals. However, things were not always this way, according to royal historian Marlene Koenig, who explained how the couple experienced early “failures” in the Royal Family. The US-based historian and librarian has researched Britain’s Royal Family for more than 40 years. She told Express.co.uk: “Of course, they did have their issues early on with their own business failures. But after that she’s not put a foot wrong. “She supports British fashion and has sometimes become a very bold dresser and gets written about, so I think there’s a lot to be said for that.” JUST IN: Queen birthday horror as monarch's driver forced to slam on brakes in terrifying near miss Ms Koenig discussed how in their early days Sophie and Edward had planned to continue their respective careers in public relations and television. She said: “Edward and Sophie dated and lived together for a number of years before they tied the knot in 1999 at St George’s Chapel. “At first, they were going to be continuing with their own businesses. “Edward had Ardent Productions and Sophie had established her own PR firm because she had worked in PR before she got married.” Despite Ardent enjoying some success, much of the organisation’s programming was panned by critics. The company also experienced financial difficulties and Edward eventually stepped down as head of the production firm. Ms Koenig said: “As we know, things got difficult. Edward did get some praise for some of his programmes that were sold to CBS and elsewhere. “He didn’t use his title. He was known as Edward Windsor. But there were some issues. It was not making money.” Sophie also experienced difficulties balancing her new royal role after she married Edward with her PR career. The Countess was caught up in a scandal after she was secretly recorded by a newspaper reporter making candid remarks about the Royal Family and public figures. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'pushed out' to stop clash with 'lazy' Kate and William, Vine guest slams [LATEST]Royal POLL: Can Harry and Meghan help boost Netflix after major subscriber loss? [INSIGHT]Sophie and Edward 'forgiven' by Royal Family after 'humiliating' misstep early on [ANALYSIS] Ms Koenig said: “Sophie, of course, got set up by the News of the World by the ‘Fake Sheikh’, where she babbled a bit much.” Both Sophie and Edward eventually agreed to put their business interests to one side and focus on their royal work. Ms Koenig said: “This was the time of the Golden Jubilee, and the Queen, according to press reports, wanted them to take on more duties involving the Jubilee. “And both businesses were eventually closed down.” The cancellation of the Wessexes’ Grenada leg of their Caribbean tour comes after Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge’s recent visit to the region drew controversy. The pair faced calls for slavery reparations in Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas during their tour. The couple were also accused of making PR blunders, such as a photo where children reached out to them through a wire fence in Trench Town.