Tomato blight can cause brown patches and decay on both the stems and leaves. Like all fungi, it requires damp, warm weather conditions to flourish, which makes outdoor tomatoes more susceptible than those in a greenhouse. Luckily, there are various different blight-resistant varieties on the market, all with different flavours. Kate Watkinson, Burpee Europe, told Express.co.uk: “For gardeners who may not have a greenhouse or polytunnel, growing tomatoes outdoors is the only option. “But this can be where tomato blight can rear its ugly head. “Because of this pesky disease, there are now many modern blight-resistant varieties which are available in all colours and types. “These new varieties have been bred specifically for outdoor culture because of earlier ripening and improved disease resistance.” READ MORE: Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less One variety recommended by the expert is the Crimson Crush. Kate said: “Tomato Crimson Crush was developed in Yorkshire and tested at Bangor University for high levels of blight resistance alongside delicious flavour. “They are suitable for outdoor growing in most European climates from the UK to the Czech Republic.” They produce a heavy crop of large round tomatoes and are larger than the average tomato. DON'T MISS:Slug pellets banned in the UK from today - use beer traps instead [COMMENT]Houseplant: Snake plants can remove ‘toxins’ from the home [EXPERT]Lower energy bills by washing clothes with cold water - ‘great step’ [EXPLAINER] The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) describes the Crimson Crush as a “standard indeterminate” tomato developed to be grown outside in the veg garden, allotment and garden. Kate added: “Tomato Rose Crush has been selected for its pink colour and outstandingly balanced flavour of umami, sweetness and acidity. “Rose Crush is highly blight-resistant and produces a good yield of medium to large beefsteak fruit.” These seeds can be purchased online as well as in garden centres. For those growing tomatoes outside, now is the perfect time to sow them. The expert continued: “Tomato Cocktail Crush is the smaller friend and sweeter sister line to Crimson Crush with a complex tangy finish when eaten. “We call it our blight-resistant Ailsa Craig, the classic tomato with great flavour.” According to the RHS, this crop produces trusses of medium-sized tomatoes and it needs moist but well-drained soil. Another blight-resistant variety is the Merrygold. According to Kate, the Merrygold is considered to be the world’s first blight-resistant orange fruited tomato. The expert explained: “Merrygold has superior flavour and strong growth. “Richly coloured cherry-sized fruits, they are sweet but slightly tangy and are produced in abundance. “The smaller fruited type is ideal for increasing the diversity of your indoor or outdoor tomato crop.”