Mr Walker discussed his visit to Windsor Castle for the Royal Maundy service, claiming he had no clue that Prince Harry and Meghan were there to visit the Queen. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex made a quiet visit to Windsor Castle before heading to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands which start on Saturday. The royal reporter explained the meeting could be a sign that the royal feud is over, as this is the first time since March 2020 that both Meghan and Harry have been in the UK.  Mr Walker then discussed Buckingham Palace's no comment response to the allegations that the royal couple were back for a visit, but the Sussex's spokesperson confirmed reports. Mr Walker told GB News: "No it's a complete shock to me as well, I was at Windsor Castle yesterday for the Royal Maundy service. "A very important date in the Royal calendar and none of us on the Royal beat were aware at all of what was happening at the castle gates. "Now Buckingham Palaces' official line on this, is that they will not comment on private matters. "But from speaking to my sources from inside the Palace, as well as Prince Harry and Meghan's spokesperson, I can confirm that they did in fact meet the Queen yesterday afternoon at Windsor Castle. JUST IN: Boris Johnson charges on with ‘cruel’ Rwanda plan with hopes to begin flights ‘in weeks’     Mr Walker added: "It's the first time it's believed that both Harry and Meghan have been back to the UK together since March 2020. "The Commonwealth day service just before the pandemic, that's how long ago we're talking. "Then of course we had the Oprah interview, with those bombshell allegations of a Royal racist, and being financially cut off by the firm. "Both of which have been denied by Buckingham Palace.  READ MORE:Air raid sirens and explosions ringing across Ukraine following sinking of Moskva warship Mr Walker said: "Then I suppose the meeting yesterday, perhaps is a sign of them making amends. Ms Seward said: "It is a wonderful opportunity to clear the air and offer an olive branch. "After everything that has gone on it must have taken a lot for Harry and Meghan to go to Windsor. "Also Maundy Thursday is a very special day for the Queen as it is about forgiveness. "She is not one to hold grudges and I think she would have happily welcomed them with open arms."  