Tiger Woods took to social media to congratulate World No. 1 Scottie Scheffler on his stunning victory at The Masters while also thanking fans for their support over the four-day tournament. Woods dominated headlines surrounding the iconic event as he completed a stunning comeback just 14 months after his horrific car crash. Woods made a scarcely-believable appearance at Augusta this weekend, just 14 months after his horrific crash outside Los Angeles. The accident led to the 46-year-old suffering a shattered leg, and he underwent extensive rehabilitation to recover. He was the talk of the first day and incredibly finished one-under par after one round, but the demanding course took its toll on his body. Woods fell down the leaderboard to ultimately finish 47th as he shot 13-over par in total. Woods took to Twitter to thank fans for their reception to his return, while also congratulating Scheffler. Scheffler made no secret of his admiration for Woods during his time in Augusta, wearing the 15-time major champion’s trainers and donning his clubs. READ MORE: Tiger Woods commits to Open Championship at 'favourite golf course' “I didn’t play my best out there, but just to have the support and appreciation from all the fans, I don’t think words can describe that,” Woods wrote on Twitter. “Congratulations to Scottie Scheffler on an outstanding win. It’s been a special run.” Scheffler dominated the Masters, leading throughout the tournament before finishing on a double bogey to shoot 10 under par to secure his first major title. It also means the 25-year-old has added the coveted Green Jacket and has placed his name among Woods and other greats as champions at Augusta. DON'T MISSKane tips Masters shock despite Scheffler lead as he flies to AugustHow much is Scottie Scheffler worth with star on brink of Augusta win?Masters 2022 prize money: How much Scottie Scheffler could win Following his win, Scheffler was asked if he was influenced by Woods as a golfer - and the American responded by saying that he uses Woods’ irons and wore his shirt and shoes throughout the week. Woods was in the top 10 after day one, but tumbled down the leaderboard after making the cut. He struggled on Saturday as he shot six over par. The iconic golfer revealed he plans to play in The Open Championship at St. Andrews this July.