The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have surprising names for each other, instead of their usual names – Kate and William. Like most couples, Kate and William have secret couple pet names for each other that you would not expect. Many couples have jokey nicknames they refer to each other by.  The Duchess reportedly calls her husband 'baldy', which is believed to have come as a retort after he apparently “complained about her endless mane of hair". Meanwhile, the Duke reportedly refers to his wife as the 'DoD', or Duchess of 'Dolittle'. This is supposed to be a gentle dig at Kate after she was reportedly criticised by the Queen for not having a full time career before she got married. But the Cambridges also reportedly use secret names when they go on holiday. READ MORE: Horoscopes & love: Pisces is 'especially hurt by deception' in love  William goes by the unlikely alias Danny Collins, while Kate is known as Daphne Clark. However, what might seem like a random choice for names does actually have a sweet connection. The names both have the initials DC, which stands for Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. Also, the younger royals have secret names too it seems.  Prince George gave away his secret identity back in 2019 when he was out in the Berkshire countryside with his grandmother Carole Middleton and younger siblings. A member of the public was out walking when George came over to pet her dog, when the woman asked George his name, she got a surprising response. The woman explained: "I was asked by a police minder not to take a photo of the children, which I didn't, but George started stroking my dog. “Just to be friendly I engaged in a bit of small talk and I asked George what his name was, even though obviously I knew it.  “To my astonishment, he said 'I'm called Archie' with a big smile on his face. “I don't know why he calls himself Archie but kids often play with their names and I think it's lovely," she told the Sun. While George could have just been playing around it’s thought he could have been told to use the name for security purposes so he can’t be as easily identified. The royals' use of nicknames is well known, as a royal source added: “The royals are not very good at communicating with one another so this is one way around it.  “Nicknames are a way of taking the family tension out of things. “They can also be a rather childlike family. “They love to play games and they give each other silly presents. I think it’s because they have to be so earnest in their public lives. “Royals have always played in private. So William and Kate are really carrying on a long-held tradition,” the source said. 