Multiple people have been shot in a New York subway station, law enforcement services have confirmed. The shooting took place at 36th Street underground station during the morning rush hour, with preliminary reports saying 13 people have been injured. It is unknown at this time if there are any deaths. Fire personnel responded to reports of smoke at around 8:30am at the 36th Street station in the Sunset Park area in Brooklyn. They found multiple people shot and undetonated devices. A man was spotted throwing a device in the subway station and then opened fire, law enforcement sources have confirmed to NBC New York. READ MORE: Biden’s vow to crack down on guns splits Americans The suspect, described as wearing a gas mask and an orange construction mask, fled the scene, authorities said. A spokesman for Mayor Eric Adams called on New Yorkers "to stay away from this area for their safety and so that first responders can help those in need and investigate". In Brooklyn, a tweet from the NYPD said: “Due to an investigation, avoid the area of 36th Street and 4th Avenue area in Brooklyn. Expect emergency vehicles and delays in the surrounding area.”  The incident happened on a subway line that runs through south Brooklyn in a neighbourhood about a 15-minute train ride to Manhattan. Businesses and schools in the vicinity have been locked down. A bystander video shows people lying on the subway platform in what appears to be small puddles of blood, as a loudspeaker announcement beckoned everyone on the platform to board a train. Footage from the area also shows a large law enforcement presence around the subway station, including heavily armed officers and emergency vehicles. DON'T MISSAndrew Neil pinpoints nightmare NATO scenario for Putin [INSIGHT]'Our sanctions are working' Putin's economy crumbles [REPORT]Biden’s vow to crack down on guns splits Americans [INSIGHT] 36th Street is in the Sunset Park area of New York, which is located in Brooklyn. The station is close to a school and many shops and has an entrance on a busy high street. It is also just moments away from the sprawling Green-Wood cemetery. In Washington, the White House press secretary, Jen Psaki, said Joe Biden had been briefed “on the latest developments regarding the New York City subway shooting”. She added: “White House senior staff are in touch with Mayor Adams and Police Commissioner Sewell to offer any assistance as needed.” Authorities are expected to release more information from the 72nd police precinct in Brooklyn later today. Express.co.uk will update this page with more information as it comes.