A yellow snow warning has been issued by the Met Office for Scotland from 4pm on Tuesday until Wednesday at 11am. The affected regions are Central, Tayside and Fife, Grampian, Highlands and Eilean Siar, as up to 23 centimetres of snowfall is forecast.  The snow may cause some disruption across parts of Scotland with a risk of travel delays, stranded vehicles and delayed or cancelled rail and air travel. There is a slight chance that some rural communities could become cut off by the snowfall and that power cuts will occur and other services such as mobile phone coverage, may be affected. Yellow weather warnings are issued if severe weather is possible and could affect some people. The warning means people should plan ahead and consider travel delays and the disruption of day-to-day activities.   Meanwhile, the Environment Agency put out a flood alert weather warning for the Humber estuary from Spurn Point to Winestead Outfall, which became active at 4pm on Monday. The alert is mild and warns residents flooding in the affected region is possible. Overtopping waves and spray are expected due to high tides and strong winds which may cause the flooding of property, roads and farmland. READ MORE: 100,000 MORE techies 'to leave' Russia in IT industry exodus  The worst of the flooding is expected to occur overnight, though there is no current end date on the flood warning. Areas most at risk are low lying land and roads particularly around Kilnsea Village. Coastal conditions should improve as the tide recedes. Members of the public have been warned to be careful when walking along beaches, promenades, coastal footpaths, and roads. Wind gusts for this region during the early hours of Tuesday are set to be between 50 and 75 miles per hour. DON'T MISS: POLL: Should Boris Johnson resign if fined by Met Police? (POLL)Kelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home (INSIGHT)Putin humiliated as Britain refuses Russia's plan to boost economy (REACTION)  According to weather charts, by Thursday, wind gusts across the UK are set to reach a high of 104 mph which are due to remain for the weekend. Weather charts predict that by next weekend, the cold snap could be over, and spring will return once again with many people seeing double figures of 10C or 11C. 