Due to Brexit, passport rules have changed for British travellers, causing more chaos at airports. British airports have not been the only ones faced with long queues in recent days and weeks – airports in Spain are experiencing the same disruption to normal procedure. Some British holidaymakers have reported missing their flights at Spanish airports due to them having to wait in long queues. Up to 3,000 passengers missed their flights at Madrid Airport over the Easter break, according to the Spanish capital’s local media. Meanwhile, travellers at Malaga Airport claimed they had to wait in two-hour-long queues. Britons took to Twitter over the Easter holiday to express their frustration. READ MORE: Flight attendant on why Meghan and Harry didn't pay bill on flight Some claimed Irish citizens were getting “preferential treatment” due to their European passports. One person said on Twitter: “Sitting in Malaga Airport to return. What a joke! A huge queue for UK passengers stretching all the way back to duty free exit…whilst the lane for EU empty. “Preferential treatment for the one flight to Ireland. Travellers beware.” Another wrote: “If you know Malaga Airport at all you will be astounded to know that the queue for passport control starts just as you get out of duty free!!”  One Twitter user commented: “Queues for passport control are ridiculous. Allow an extra hour after security for the passport control.” Border security rules have changed for British travellers since Brexit. Now, Britons are only allowed to stay in the Schengen area for 90 days out of 180 days, and must get their passports stamped when they leave. If not, they could face being refused entry on another visit. The Schengen area is a free movement area without border controls that includes 26 countries, including Spain. The other Schengen countries are Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, and Switzerland. Ireland is not a Schengen country, and neither is the UK. The UK opted out of the initiative when it was first introduced in 1985 with just six countries. Stricter passport checks on return to the UK are evidently leading to longer queues at airports outside of the UK. President of Airlines Association (ALA) in Spain, Javier Gandara, said: “There have already been problems at the airports over Easter and we need to avoid this happening in peak season.” He fears similar scenes could occur this summer, especially as Covid travel restrictions for Britons have been lifted. Mr Gandara continued: “It will be the first summer when passports for travellers to the UK have to be checked and the first when air traffic is likely to be normal, now that the British Government has lifted all the restrictions imposed because of the pandemic.” The President added that he has called for National Police officers to be put on duty in Spanish airports to check passports, especially British ones.