Angry protests have erupted on the French-governed island of Corsica with riot police clashing with rioters in violent street battles in the provincial capital of Bastia. The demonstrations by Corsican nationalists come ahead of this weekend's French elections where incumbent President Emmanuel Macron hopes to secure re-election. Footage from the scene of the clashes shows the streets of Bastia lined by French gendarmes. One policeman can be seen hurling a stun grenade toward the protestors. A number of fires can be seen burning to fill the streets of the island's capital with thick smoke. According to reports, one man was seriously injured in the calf when a stun grenade exploded in an ally. JUST IN: Kate is 'real deal' and 'would have Queen Mother's seal of approval'  Pro-Corsican nationalists are opposed to rule from Paris and seek an independent or self-governing Corsica. The clashes in Corsica come with Macron is still ahead in opinion polls but his far-right, eurosceptic rival Marine Le Pen has been closing the gap, and a poll on Monday put victory within the margin of error, ahead of Sunday's first round. Polls see both qualifying this time too for the April 24 runoff, they put Macron's lead at just 3 to 6 points - the former being within the margin of error. Since her 2017 defeat, Le Pen has patiently worked on softening her image, striving to appear as a potential leader rather than a radical anti-system opponent.  Polls show this has worked on a growing number of voters, with a survey saying the once vilified candidate has become the second most-liked politician in the country. The candidacy of Eric Zemmour, who is even further to the right than Le Pen, has, by contrast, helped Le Pen appear more palatable to voters. "I always try to have the most reasonable view possible, and one that defends the interest of France," she told France Inter radio. Le Pen has continued to improve on her pre-first round polling, at 23 percent versus Macron's 27 percent, two polls showed on Tuesday. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle in podcast takeover as Harry cut out of project [INSIGHT]Prince Harry on the spot as key security row paradox exposed [ANALYSIS]Jamaican MP hits out at claims she 'snubbed' Kate [VIDEO] Le Pen, who has taken great pains to stress her love of cats more than her anti-immigration views, has not changed the core of her far-right party's programme. She would end a number of welfare benefits for foreigners, stop family reunification, give preference to the French for jobs and social housing, ban the hijab in public spaces and kick unemployed foreigners out of France. She defended those views on Tuesday. "Being French should give you more rights than being a foreigner," she said.