The Monte-Carlo Masters could well serve up a mouth-watering tie between Novak Djokovic and rising star Carlos Alcaraz. Following the draw for the event, the pair could well meet in the quarter-final of the competition in Monaco. Alcaraz has announced himself as tennis’ hottest prospect in recent months, and has been likened to his fellow Spaniard Rafael Nadal. The 18-year-old continued his hot streak last Sunday after becoming the youngest player to win the Miami Open. The Spaniard saw off Norwegian star Casper Ruud in straight sets 7-5, 6-4 to be crowned champion out in the Florida sunshine. Alcaraz’s next task will come in the form of Monte-Carlo Masters, and he could well be poised with his biggest test of all. Following the draw, if all goes to plan for the pair, Alcaraz and Djokovic would meet in the last-eight and set up an eagerly-anticipated tie between arguably the sport’s best player, and its next big prospect. JUST IN: Casper Ruud jokes about calling Cristiano Ronaldo because 'CR7 is at risk' Alcaraz’s appearance at the event will be the first of his career, however there is no doubt plenty of eyes will be fixated on him after moving into 11th in the world rankings on the back of his Miami triumph. Fellow Spaniard, and tennis icon Nadal has tipped the youngster for big things. After just edging past him at the recent Indian Wells Masters, Nadal said: “I think he has all the ingredients to become an amazing champion. I didn't come to the match more nervous because I was playing as a youngster. I treated it like I was playing against a top-eight player. In terms of level, that was my feeling.” DON'T MISSBoris Becker faces SEVEN YEARS in jail as he's found guilty in bankruptcy caseDjokovic 'works closely with scientists on his shoes' for advantageDjokovic warned that Carlos Alcaraz's emergence is 'perfect' for Nadal  Djokovic meanwhile will be back in action for the first time since February, having endured a stop-start season due to his Covid vaccination status. The 20-time Grand Slam champion missed the recent swing in the United States, due to the entry rules surrounding the vaccine. However he will be allowed to compete in Monaco, and will no doubt be out to claim his third Monte-Carlo title. The clay event will kick off over the weekend, with the final taking place on Sunday, 17th April. 