Tyson Fury landed one of the best knockouts of his career against Dillian Whyte with a sensational uppercut ending the heavyweight contest in the sixth round. Whyte was the big underdog coming into the WBC heavyweight bout, but stood toe-to-toe with the 'Gypsy King' in the early rounds. Fury appeared to be toying with his opponent though, landing a few testing blows to counter Whyte's movement. The 94,000-strong crowd raised the roof inside Wembley every time Fury moved forward to push Whyte back. But that noise soon changed into silence out of sheer disbelief at the explosive nature of Fury's knockout in the sixth round. Whyte's defence was open for a split moment and Fury capitalised with a vengeance, sending a massive right uppercut into the chin of Whyte. The damage was done at that point, with Fury then shoving his opponent off and the 'Body Snatcher' crashing to the canvas. Incredibly, Whyte managed to stumble back to his feet before the count. But referee Mark Lyson soon waved off the fight after it became clear that Whyte was unstable. Fury raced off to the corner to celebrate as the nigh-on 100,000 spectators cheered on the heavyweight icon. Whether Fury ever steps into the ring again remains to be seen though as he announced after the fight that he plans to follow through on a "promise" made to his wife and family about retiring from the sport. He said: "I promised my lovely wife Paris of 14 years that after the Wilder 3 fight that'd be it.  "I meant it. I had a war, it was a great trilogy, and I meant that. But I got offered to Wembley at home and I believed I owed it to the fans and to every person in the United Kingdom to come here and fight at Wembley. "Now it's all done, I have to be a man of my word and I think this is it. This might be the final curtain for the Gypsy King. And what a way to go out. A big thank you to the United Kingdom." Just moments after Fury's retirement announcement though, he did tease a fight with UFC star Francis Ngannou. The UFC heavyweight champion was ringside for the fight at Wembley and soon entered the ring to talk with Fury. In an interview on ESPN, the pair spoke about a potential blockbuster fight, with Fury saying: "Going to be an explosive fight when it happens."