Another episode of NCIS: Hawaii is nearly upon us, and the latest trailer has revealed what could be a life-changing case for FBI agent Kate Whistler (played by Tori Anderson). Could NCIS agent Lucy Tara (Yasmine Al-Bustami) finally patch things up with her office love interest before the CBS spin-off’s explosive finale? Sparks between agents Lucy and Kate appear to be flying in the latest promo for NCIS: Hawaii’s 20th episode. The NCIS spin-off will be returning from a brief hiatus next Monday for another high-stakes mission in Nightwatch. While the team is investigating the chilling murder of a Navy seaman, Lucy is clearly finding it hard to suppress her feelings for her ex. The new footage kicks off with Lucy looking gobsmacked as Kate emerges onto the shore in a swimsuit holding a surfboard. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy In voiceover, she says: “Feelings are like waves. You can’t stop them from coming, but you can choose which one to surf.” Kate stops to give Lucy a playful smile, hinting Lucy’s feelings are almost definitely reciprocated. The synopsis for the episode reads: “When a navy seaman is involved in a murder, the team is called upon to work the case on their day off. “Lucy finds out Whistler turned down a promotion in Washington to stay in Hawaii.” Nightwatch’s promo also gives viewers a taste of Jane Tennant’s (Vanessa Lachey) latest investigation, which begins with the murder victim getting shot in the head twice at point-blank range. Strolling away from the crime scene, Jane tells Kai Holman (Alex Tarrant): “This is a manhunt.” Although the team’s latest case will undoubtedly form most of the action for the next episode, all eyes will be on whether Lucy and Kate still have a chance of patching things up. Unfortunately, the final shots of the trailer have also warned of a tragic end for the short-lived couple. DON'T MISS:The Flight Attendant’s young Cassie on antagonistic role in season 2 [EXCLUSIVE]The Walking Dead fans convinced of Rick return after Carol exit [THEORY]Reacher season 2: Showrunner teases character returns [INTERVIEW] As the hunt for the murderer continues, Kate makes a reckless decision and enters the home of a potential suspect. Lucy pleads: “Don’t go inside!” from an NCIS vehicle, but her warning may come too late. Once inside the house, Kate seems to engage in a brutal fistfight with an unknown assailant which results in her crashing through a coffee table. Agents have been shown to take a beating and come out relatively unscathed throughout all the NCIS series, so fans shouldn’t be too concerned about Kate’s safety. Even so, she could come back from the altercation with some severe injuries if Kate’s backup doesn’t arrive in time. Could a stint in the hospital, combined with Kate’s decision to decline a role in Washington, lead to another private conversation with Lucy? Kate clearly wants to stay close to Lucy in case she has a change of heart, so hopefully, fans get to see the pair getting even closer before the first season concludes in a month’s time. NCIS: Hawaii season 1 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.