The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee is just a matter of weeks away, but now speculation is growing that the long-reigning monarch may not be able to attend some events. Queen Elizabeth II will publicly celebrate 70 years on the throne - but fears for the monarch’s ability to carry on with her role in her old age are mounting ahead of the big occasion. The Queen, who turns 96 on Thursday, April 21, has pulled out of numerous events in recent months due to her increasing frailty. The monarch, who has recently been recovering from coronavirus, pulled out of the Maundy Thursday and Easter Mattins church services at St George’s Chapel, Windsor, this bank holiday weekend. Since the Queen spent a night in hospital last autumn and subsequently sprained her back, the palace has “regretfully” cancelled her attendance at several events at the last minute. She has recently taken part in virtual events, but is now scarcely seen outside of Windsor Castle. A Buckingham Palace source indicated on Sunday that the Queen’s presence at major events will not be confirmed until the day in question. Jubilee celebrations will be taking place from June 2 to June 5. The Queen is planning to attend as many events across the special bank holiday weekend as possible, however a new Buckingham Palace strategy means we won’t know if the Queen will make an appearance until the morning of an event. A source told The Telegraph: “The assumption must now be that the Queen will not be present at events. “If Her Majesty does attend, it will be decided on the day and she will be accompanied by another member of the Royal Family.” Out of the many events taking place over the weekend, the Queen will most likely attend the service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral on June 3 and the Epsom Derby on June 4. It is also highly likely she will be seen on the Buckingham Palace balcony alongside the rest of her family following Trooping the Colour on June 2. DON'T MISS'Absolute godsend' How the Queen's Corgis kept her spirits high [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle 'missing' Archie and Lili at Invictus Games [REPORT]'Shouldn't expect Queen at any engagements' advises royal insider [INSIGHT] However, given her frailty, it is very unlikely she will be taking part in meeting members of the public on street walks, like she has previously done on Jubilees. Aides are said to be very aware of the importance of the Queen being front and centre throughout the Jubilee, but want to be realistic about expectations given the monarch’s age. The monarch is understood to be continuing with duties she can carry out from the comfort of home, including her daily red box of Government papers. It is understood the Queen’s health issues are confined to her mobility and comfort. On recent royal engagements, she has been seen using a stick to help her walk. She has also ruled out to aides the use of a wheelchair in public, for the time being.