Liz Truss today ratcheted up sanctions against Putin again as the UK continues to play a leading role in isolating Moscow on the world stage. The Foreign Secretary announced the UK would end the import of Russian coal and oil by the end of the year, with gas imports ending as soon as possible thereafter. But taking action to target Russia's energy capabilities as a whole, she further announced the UK would ban exports of oil refining equipment and catalysts. The action will seriously undermine Putin's ability to produce energy and to export it around the world. New legislation will be laid banning the export of quantum technologies and advanced materials on April 13. "Today, we are stepping up our campaign to bring Putin's appalling war to an end with some of our toughest sanctions yet," Ms Truss declared as she unveiled the extra sanctions. READ MORE ON OUR UKRAINE LIVE BLOG "Our latest wave of measures will bring an end to the UK's imports of Russian energy and sanction yet more individuals and businesses, decimating Putin’s war machine. "Together with our allies, we are showing the Russian elite that they cannot wash their hands of the atrocities committed on Putin's orders. "We will not rest until Ukraine prevails." As well as taking action on coal and oil, the UK also froze the assets of Russian banks Sberbank and Credit Bank of Moscow, and targetted eight further oligarchs. Officials said the latest actions were being delivered in lockstep with international allies. The EU announced similar plans to end the reliance on Russian oil and coal by the end of the year yesterday. DON'T MISS:Putin 'won't stop at Ukraine' as Russia's neighbour fears next steps [WARNING]Verhofstadt lets rip at EU as he says Russia sanctions 'cannot work' [REACTION]Ukraine prosecutor confesses to passing state secrets to Russia [UPDATE] The latest sanctions announcement brings the total of banks targeted to 18, with assets worth £940 billion. It also means 82 oligarchs and their family members have been sanctioned, with assets worth more than £170 billion. The latest round of economic measures comes after Russia's retreat from around Kiyv laid bare the atrocities committed by its forces. Images emerged of mass graves in the town of Bucha and there have been reports of rape and torture being used by Russians as weapons of war. When Ukrainian troops re-entered the town they found dead civilians left strewn across streets and evidence of apparent executions. Earlier today Prime Minister Boris Johnson described the atrocities as not "far short of genocide". "I'm afraid when you look at what's happening in Bucha, the revelations that we are seeing from what Putin has done in Ukraine doesn't look far short of genocide to me," he said. "It is no wonder people are responding in the way that they are. "I have no doubt that the international community, Britain very much in the front rank, will be moving again in lockstep to impose more sanctions and more penalties on Vladimir Putin's regime."