Meena (played by Paige Sandhu) was left devastated in the most recent episode of Emmerdale when she discovered her fate, with the jurors having not fallen for her lies about how she killed her victims. Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker) was relieved the villain's reign of terror had come to an end, or so she thought as when her sister was attacked in the courtroom, all hell broke loose. The ITV soap doctor was once again held hostage by her sibling and when they went head to head in the prison yard, Meena revealed her final secret which could result in the women's mother descending upon the village in the near future. Knowing there was no way out for her now, Meena thought the only way she could bring her story to its epic conclusion was if she goaded Manpreet enough to kill her. With the blade the villain once possessed in the doctor's hand, it seemed the killer was going to get her wish but she needed to push a little further. As the topic of men was broached, with Manpreet telling her sister she always commanded male attention, Meena suddenly flipped the table. Realising she could play on one part of her sister's past which haunted her to this day, the troublesome character said: "Let's see if that killer instinct runs in the family." "Why would I give you the satisfaction?" Manpreet asked before the villain brought their late father into the mix. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby betrays Imran as he frames Abi "All that guilt you still have of not getting to dad's death bed in time," Meena began before confessing to killing him. "He was suffering, waiting for you to get there. So, I injected extra morphine into his drip," she declared, leaving Manpreet heartbroken. "You killed him?" she tearfully asked, thinking her sister had been spiteful enough to deny her saying goodbye to their father. "Like Nadine was my first kill," the killer replied with a sinister smile smacked across her face, lapping up the glory of her conquests. "You killed him so I couldn't be there at the end?" Manpreet eventually asked but there was another reason Meena had killed their father. "No, that was a bonus. I ended him because he was like every other weak, pathetic man in my life," the villain declared. "I was there holding his hand, nursing him. But it was you he was calling out for," she continued, leading Manpreet to throw her up against a wall. In the closing moments of the episode, Meena thought she was going to get her wish as she believed her sister was going to kill her. But with the police present and with nowhere left to run, the villain ended up being carted off by them as Manpreet lowered her weapon. "It can't end like this," the murderer screamed as it was seemingly the last time she was going to see her sister. DON'T MISS...Paige Sandhu health: Soap star on 'terrible' anxiety - symptoms [ANALYSIS]Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT] With it clear Meena is no longer going to waltz back into the village, Manpreet would know it would be up to her to break the news to their mother. It has never been indicated if their mother is alive or dead but if she is living somewhere other than the Dales, her eldest daughter could invite her to come to the village. Meena's mother might not have any idea about what her youngest child has done and therefore, Manpreet would have to explain the full extent of the damage she has caused. However, one of the most heartbreaking truths the doctor would have to admit is her father didn't die of natural causes. The villain's mother would be absolutely heartbroken to discover this news about how cruelly her husband was taken away from her. Although she and Manpreet have never had the strongest of relationships, she could ask if she could stay with her daughter for a while. This would give Meena's mother a chance to go and see her youngest child and confront her about her heinous crimes. She would also want to hear the news from Meena's mouth, wanting to get some closure and find out exactly what happened and how she didn't know. With the death secret out in the open, the villain's mother could cut ties with her forever, disowning her daughter for good. After tying up the loose ends with Meena, Manpreet could bid farewell to her mother so she could get her life back on track. In the wake of Thursday night's episode, life in the village will never be the same again for Manpreet and the likes of Liam Cavanagh (Johnny McPherson). He was somewhat relieved when the villain was found guilty of murdering his daughter, Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger) last year. The doctor was told how his child was killed by Meena as she held the court hostage, leaving him heartbroken all over again. It seems he and Manpreet Sharma will have to help each other through their grief, with the latter losing her sister for good. But will Meena's mother be able to offer them both some solace as she instructs them to move on with their lives and forget about her daughter? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.