Netflix has reported that its shares decreased more than 25 percent as subscribers fell for the first time in a decade from 221.8 million to 221.6 million in the first three months of the year. With forecasts showing a loss of two million subscribers in the next quarter, Netflix will be assessing its business model which may include evaluating deals to ensure value for money. Harry and Meghan’s production company Archewell Productions signed a £112million deal with the streaming giant six months after they stepped down as senior royals but are yet to share any programming through the service. The couple is currently in the Netherlands filming for Harry’s first docuseries, Heart of Invictus, which will follow Harry and competitors in the Invictus Games in The Hague. He founded the Games in 2014 to allow veterans and serving military personnel to participate in various sporting competitions. Meghan is also working on an animated series, Pearl, about “the adventures of a 12-year-old girl who finds inspiration in a variety of influential women throughout history.” Although announced in July 2021, no release date for the children’s show has been given. Harry and Meghan could face pressure from Netflix executives to develop more content, according to royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams. On Thursday, Mr Fitzwilliams told MailOnline: “A year and a half later they have actually produced absolutely nothing.” Netflix announced they were looking to introduce advertising and crack down on households sharing passwords. He added: “It will undoubtedly lead to a demand for a great deal more from the Sussexes including some actual content. “The original announcement promised documentaries, children's programmes, scripted shows and feature films. “It is surely time Netflix had value for money and it sounds as if they need it too.” Mr Fitzwilliams also said: “There might well be pressure from Netflix executives to get more royal content in what they produce. “It is highly unlikely that it will actually involve the filming of or interviews with any members of the royal family.” So what do YOU think? Can Harry and Meghan help boost Netflix after a major subscriber loss? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.