Erik ten Hag wants more detail on the roles of Darren Fletcher and Ralf Rangnick at Manchester United, according to reports. The Ajax boss is edging closer to becoming the Red Devils’ next permanent manager. And the Premier League giants are hopeful he’ll take over, despite also admiring Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique. Manchester United are, according to 90min, finalising the potential appointment of Ten Hag. But it’s also stated that he wants to know more about Fletcher and Rangnick, who will both be part of the club’s hierarchy going forward. Fletcher returned to United as a technical director last year, while Rangnick will become a consultant at the end of the campaign once his short stint as manager comes to an end. Ten Hag is said to be happy to work under the pair. But he wants to know what their involvement will be going forward before committing himself to the job at Old Trafford. Ten Hag supposedly thinks the sporting director model is the best way for United to go about their business as they plot a long route back to the top. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And the Red Devils don’t have any issue with this, which bodes well. All signs are now pointing towards the 52-year-old taking over from Rangnick at the end of the season and becoming the club’s fifth manager since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. David Moyes lasted just 10 months after being named Ferguson’s replacement, despite previously being given a six-year contract. Under Louis van Gaal, United won the FA Cup in 2016. But he was sacked that same year after failing to qualify for the Champions League, with Jose Mourinho then drafted in as his replacement. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Mourinho won the Carabao Cup and Europa League titles during his first two years at the Theatre of Dreams. But his tenure unravelled when he fell out with players behind the scenes, including Paul Pogba, with his sacking then coming in December 2018. After Mourinho came Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Yet while the Norwegian initially raised spirits, he was axed in November after overseeing a dismal start to the season. United know they need to get this appointment right. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And it seems like Ten Hag will be charged with the task of re-awakening a sleeping giant who continue to fall behind the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City. Former Chelsea boss Ruud Guillit has had his say on speculation that Ten Hag will become the next United manager. However, while he feels the Ajax boss can be a success, he thinks the likes of Gary Neville, Rio Ferdinand and Paul Scholes will make it a ‘terrible job’. “Is it the right choice? That remains to be seen. They want to play the football he plays, but it will be a really terrible job," he told Voetball International. “There are all these former players in the TV studios: Gary Neville, Rio Ferdinand, Paul Scholes… There is constant pressure on the team, that is not easy. “Know what to expect, it’s a huge job. He also has to be given the time, but I don’t know if you get the time at Manchester United. “The former players are constantly talking, you have a lot of things on your plate and you have to be able to handle that. “I would like it if a Dutch trainer is successful there, because things are not going so well in Europe.” On Rangnick, he added: “It is strange that you appoint a temporary coach who will later help determine the choice of a new manager. "He’s going to be a consultant now, isn’t that weird?”