Helen Skelton, 38, announced the heartbreaking news that she and her husband Richie Myler, 31, had separated on Monday evening. The Countryfile presenter has now broken her social media silence by cracking a smile over a sweet baby picture sent to her by a fan. Helen shared the fellow social media user's story to her Instagram post in view of her 282,000 followers. Vanessamaiolo sent a picture of her son Matteo in his pram asleep outside a shop window featuring an advert with Helen's face. She captioned the picture: "Matteo was thrilled to see you today @helenskelton." Helen replied with a laughing emoji as she shared the post to her story. This marks Helen's social media return after she announced her shocking split late Monday evening. In an emotional post, she told fans that she had separated from her rugby player husband, 31. She wrote: “Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. "He has left the family home," she continued. "We will be doing our best to co parent our small children," she added with broken heart emojis. Helen and Richie married in 2013, and share Ernie, six, Louis, five and Elsie Kate, four months. Helen seemingly hinted at the devastating news earlier on Monday, when she shared a cryptic post to her Instagram story about the stresses of motherhood. The post read: "A mama is always full of emotions. Full of love. Full of anxiety and worries. "Full of exhaustion and lack of energy. Full of mum guilt and doubt. Full of pride in her kids. Full of pure joy. "She feels it all, that's the beauty of her, she carries it all, too." DON'T MISS... Jane Fonda is ‘big fan of vibrators’ after Grace and Frankie storyline [INSIGHT] Richard Gere, 72, in rare appearance with stunning wife Alejandra, 39 [PICS] Christian Bale co-star Thomas Lennon 'worried' about meeting actor [COMMENT] Richie, similarly, took to social media a week before the announcement about their marriage, also to share a rather cryptic post. The Leeds Rhinos star posted a snapshot showing him at training and wrote last week: "Light at the end of the tunnel [raised hands emoji]." It's thought that at the time of the post, Helen was away with their three children on a beach holiday, accompanied by her mum Janet. The couple's split comes just months after they welcomed their youngest child, who arrived on December 28 last year. In a past interview with the Northern Echo, Helen gave an insight into their marriage. "Marriages and relationships are not all plain sailing, but we approach it like teamwork," she shared. "Rich is the best dad. He's the 'sugar police' when it comes to their diet and insists on routine, whereas sometimes I'm anything for a quiet life, so we're a good balance." The pair previously dealt with a challenge as a couple when they moved to France back in 2015 for a period of time, so Richie could play for the Catalan Dragons.