Liverpool and Borussia Dortmund's interest in RB Salzburg forward Karim Adeyemi has received a monumental boost by the club agreeing a deal for his replacement. The 20-year-old is all but confirmed to leave Salzburg this summer, and he could be Premier League-bound. Sky Germany report Dortmund have made a breakthrough in talks with the Austrian Bundesliga giants ahead of the summer transfer window. But whilst Dortmund are finding it more challenging to settle on terms with Adeyemi, Liverpool are understood to be considering a hijack. Jurgen Klopp could be eyeing a third young attacking signing in as many years after recruiting Diogo Jota in the summer of 2020 and Luis Diaz in January. And he will be encouraged by the fellow German's imminent availability, with Salzburg set to sign his replacement. According to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, Salzburg will sign 23-year-old striker Fernando from Shakhtar Donetsk on July 1. Die Roten Bullen are expected to pay in excess of £5million (€6m) for the Brazil U20 international as Dortmund push to seal a deal for Adeyemi's services. JUST IN: Chelsea ace Ruben Loftus-Cheek joins Mount in firing Liverpool warning The Bundesliga outfit will view Adeyemi as a worthy successor to Erling Haaland, who is almost certain to depart at the end of the season. Manchester City are considered the favourites to trigger his £64m release clause and add him to Pep Guardiola's all-star squad. But Liverpool could turn the young forward's head if they make an official approach as Klopp forms his next-generation front three. With Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino's era soon coming to a close, there is hope Jota and Diaz will help make just as big an impact in the coming years. READ MORE: Liverpool stars support Mo Salah as Alexander-Arnold slams critics The three-cap Germany international has registered 20 goals and five assists in 39 appearances for Salzburg this season. He also boasts European experience, netting five times in 13 Champions League games and being directly involved in 10 goals in nine UEFA Youth League outings in the 2019/20 season. Adeyemi is naturally a central striker but possesses excellent agility, speed and dribbling ability, making him a valuable asset on either wing too. Sky Germany's report claimed Dortmund were closing in on a £29m deal for his signature, which could ultimately prove a bargain, and Liverpool would secure themselves a coup if they steal a march. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.