Chelsea star Mason Mount seemed to enjoy being the centre of attention prior to tonight’s Champions League tie with Real Madrid. Thomas Tuchel’s squad have been exploring their surroundings as they gear up for this evening’s blockbuster match at the Bernabeu. And, despite being 3-1 down from the first leg, they seem to be in good spirits. Sky Sports have uploaded footage showing Chelsea players taking a stroll around Madrid. And it was Mount who seemed to be the most-popular squad member over in Spain, with fans mobbing the England international. While his team-mates walked around, and Kai Havertz posed for a photo with a fan, a group consisting of several supporters approached Mount. With the Chelsea star the centre of attention, he appeared to be amused at how much focus he was getting. But Mount still was happy to put on a big smile for the fans in question ahead of the match with Real Madrid tonight. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Whether he’ll be smiling come the end of the evening, however, remains to be seen. Chelsea have plenty of work to do over in Spain, having been outplayed during their 3-1 defeat at Stamford Bridge last week. Karim Benzema struck a hat-trick last time out for Los Blancos, his second treble in as many Champions League games. And that means they’ll need to score at least two goals tonight without reply to force the tie into extra-time. As the holders, however, Chelsea can’t be ruled out. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And they’ll take heart from their 2-0 win over the same opposition last season, though that match was played on home soil. Chelsea warmed up for the match in Madrid in the best possible way with an emphatic 6-0 win over Southampton on Saturday. And Real also won their last game, beating Getafe 2-0 courtesy of goals from Casemiro and Lucas Vazquez. Speaking ahead of the contest at the Bernabeu, meanwhile, Tuchel has refused to give up on steering his side into the semi-finals of Europe’s top club competition. “It is one of the biggest challenges to perform as the away team at the Bernabeu,” said the German. “It is even more difficult if you have to earn a certain result, if you need to win with a minimum of two goals, or maybe even a three-goal goal difference. “That makes it almost impossible and very difficult. “The task is incredibly hard and the challenge is incredibly high given the circumstances of the first leg and where we play and against who we play and at what stage we play this kind of match. “But still it’s worth trying and it’s still a stage where you can also over perform. We need to over perform. “It’s not easy, it’s the opposite, but at the same time it’s a big experience to learn from and maybe an experience to take and over perform.” Real star Casemiro, meanwhile, has defended Gareth Bale after the Wales international was whistled by fans during the Getafe win. "I don’t agree with them whistling a player on my team,” Casemiro said. “The support has to be for everyone. When they whistle a player, they whistle all of us. “I didn’t like them whistling the other day: he’s a historic player at this club, he has scored lots of goals, he is important here. “When you whistle a player like that, you’re whistling the club’s history.”