American singer and actor Bobby Rydell has died at the age of 70, it has been confirmed. The musical legend, who rose to fame throughout the 1950s and 60s died on Tuesday. The star is known for his hits Wild One and Volare, as well as his acting role in Bye Bye Birdie. The cause of death has not been announced, but a source claimed to TMZ that he had recently been diagnosed with pneumonia. Born in Pennsylvania in 1942, Bobby won a talent show on TV when he was just eight-years-old. He gained a role in the cast of Paul Whiteman's TV Teen Club, paving the way for him to become a teenage heartthrob. READ MORE: Ricky Gervais defies woke claims Chris Rock 'deserved' slap at Oscars  He went on to sign a record contract which saw him tour with The Everly Brothers, the Champs, and Marv Johnson, among others. Bobby's second success was his hit album We Got Love, which sold over a million copies. The singer went from strength to strength and his subsequent releases including Wild One and Volare also sold over a million records. Bobby became the youngest ever performer at the Copacabana in New York in 1961 and went on to perform in Paris later that year. Two years later, the singer landed a spot as Hugo Peabody in Bye Bye Birdie, starring alongside Ann-Margaret and Dick Van Dyke. Throughout the 60s Bobby dominated the Billboard Hot 100 chart, landing him 34 Top 100 hits and placing him in the top five artists of his era. The star became so popular that the High School in 1978 hit movie Grease was named after him. Speaking about Rydell High School, Bobby said it was a "total honour": "It was so nice to know that the high school was named after me. "It could have been Anka High, Presley High, Everly High, Fabian High, Avalon High. And they came up with Rydell High, and once again, total honor," he said. DON'T MISS... 'Shut the f**k up!' Denise Welch rages at Jeremy Vine Show debate [INSIGHT]Ricky Gervais blasts Will Smith for slapping 'gentle' Chris Rock [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan responds to Gary Linker following jibe over new show [UPDATE] However, due to the British Invasion, the star started to suffer a decline in popularity. Despite this, Bobby went on to appear on TV shows including The Milton Berle Show, where he became a regular. Bobby went on to record his last hit, Sway, in 1976. He spent the remainder of his life touring with Frankie Avalon and Fabian, under the name The Golden Boys. In 2012, the star cancelled a tour in Australia due to his deteriorating health and underwent urgent major surgery. Bobby had a double organ transplant to replace his liver and one kidney. Six months after his surgery, he returned to the stage in Las Vegas and went back on tour in Australia in 2014. Following the news of Bobby's death, his fans took to Twitter to pay tribute to the star. Recalling an encounter with the singer in 2018, @JanieH wrote: "He was warm, funny and sincere as he told his life story, then spent 2 hrs after the talk to make sure every person got photos, autographs and a chance to chat. "So sad to learn of his passing. He was a class act."