Last month, secretary of state for work and pensions Thérèse Coffey said the Government remains committed to the triple lock, and will restore it for the 2023/24 tax year. That should give pensioners a bumper State Pension hike next year, but thereafter its future is uncertain. The State Pension triple lock was introduced in 2010 by the coalition government, and pledges to increase the State Pension either by earnings, inflation or 2.5 percent, whichever is higher. Chancellor Rishi Sunak outraged pensioners by suspending the earnings element of the triple lock for this year, instead of green lighting a pay rise of more than eight percent. That smashed a 2019 Conservative Party manifesto pledge, to stand by the triple lock for the term of this Parliament. The DWP claimed that earnings figures had been "skewed and distorted" by the pandemic, but the 3.1 per cent rise that pensioners will get from next Monday is way below February's 6.2 percent inflation rate. No wonder many are bitter. Consumer price growth is expected to hit 7.4 percent in September, which is the monthly figure the DWP will use when determining next year's triple lock hike.  If that forecast is correct the new State Pension would increase by a record amount, and pay a maximum £10,340 for the 2023/24 tax year. That would mark an annual increase of £712 on the 2022/23 payment. Although as we reported, those on the old basic State Pension have less to celebrate as they will only get £7,922 a year at most. Restoring the triple lock is nonetheless great news for millions of pensioners, and will offset some of the damage caused by this year's sub-inflationary State Pension hike. What happens from 2024 is anybody’s guess, though. It's just two years away. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  I'm going to stick my neck out and state the Government will implement the full triple lock recommendation for the 2024/25 tax year, too. It would be mad not to. That State Pension increase would come into force on April 6, 2024, which is less than a month before the formal date of the next election, which is Thursday 2 May, 2024. No Government would want to fight an election directly after infuriating millions of pensioners by tinkering with their retirement income. They would be slaughtered, and rightly so. DON'T MISS:Drawdown disaster – pensioners run out of cash after raiding savings [REVEAL]Pensioners entitled to support via DWP benefit - 850,000 missing out [ANALYSIS]State pension freeze: Expats could be denied increase [WARNING] The big question is whether the Conservative Party will promise to safeguard the triple lock for the next Parliament, too. Pensioners will be on tenterhooks, waiting for the answer. Ministers will be under immense pressure to renew the pledge for the term of the next Parliament, too, especially since the Labour Party will almost certainly back the triple lock. The Treasury hates the triple lock, because it will drive up the cost of the State Pension, year after year. But ultimately, the decision is not a financial one. It's a political one. And for once, that could be good news for pensioners. I can't imagine any Conservative Party leader sacrificing their chances of electoral victory by snubbing millions of state pensioners weeks before they go to the polls. The triple lock's future could be more secure than it seems. Which is something to celebrate, in these difficult times. Pensioners can join the fight for its long-term future, by letting their MP know just how important the triple lock is to them. It could make all the difference at the next election