Gladiolas bloom into a gorgeous display of white, yellow, pink, lavender and burgundy flowers, making them a perfect addition to an English summer garden. However, if you are hoping for a pop of gladioli colours, you may need to act fast. According to Gardeners World, the best time to plant Gladioli bulbs is between March and April, making this month your last chance. The flowers, often known as 'sword lilies' due to their long, pointed leaves, tend to flower between May and August, depending on when they are planted. They are also a great option for cut flowers, making a perfect addition to a bouquet or vase. READ MORE: How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients If you are hoping to grow gladioli in your garden, you must ensure you plant them in the right spot. These stunning flowers actually originate from hot, dry climates in South Africa or Mediterranean countries. Therefore, drainage and sunshine are their best friends. DON'T MISSHow to clean your washing machine with easy ingredients [INSIGHT]What to do with your daffodils once they've finished flowering [REVEALED]When to sow sunflower seeds for summer flowers [EXPLAINER] Gladioli thrive in moist but well-drained soil. They also prefer to lavish in the sunlight, so make sure you don't plant bulbs in a shady spot. To plant them, it is best to pop a handful of bulbs into soil a week apart from March onwards. In doing so, you will heighten your chances of a display that lasts throughout the entirety of the summer. The sooner you plant your bulbs, the sooner the flowers will bloom and then die off. Gladioli can be planted directly into borders, though they like to have a good douse of well-rotted manure. Otherwise, you can pop them into pots and then plunge into borders once they have already flowered. The flowers like to be watered regularly during the summer season, especially in times of drought. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Gardeners should pay close attention to bulbs or flowers growing in pots. In extremely well-drained soil, extra watering may be required. Adding mulch can help to retain some moisture and space out the time between watering. Typically, your gladioli are best suited to at least one inch of water per week.