The Duke and Duchess of Sussex arrived in the Netherlands on Friday to attend the Invictus Games, the sporting event founded by Harry in 2014. While in The Hague, Harry sat down for an interview with the Today show's Hoda Kotb where he talked about his recent meeting with his grandmother, the Queen, and also about life in the US. Ms Kotb asked Harry about his “restart”, which saw him and Meghan Markle, 40, quit royal duties to pursue a financially independent life from the Firm. The pair settled in Montecito in Meghan’s home state of California where they reside with their two children Archie and Lilibet. The anchor said the move saw them gain a “whole new focus” and asked how Harry was dealing with it all. However, Harry insisted that even after stepping back from royal life two years ago, “the focus is very much the same.” He pointed out that a life of service is what Meghan “signed up for” when the pair wed back in 2018, and the pair will continue to serve despite not acting in an official capacity for the Firm. He said: “Certainly from mine and my wife’s point of view, for the two of us. “This was a life that she signed up for. We were committed to doing together as a couple forever.” He went on to note that quitting their royal role simply saw the couple move their life of service to the states – and said the pair will “continue to do what we were doing before”. He continued: “So in that regard, nothing has changed for us.” READ MORE: Sussexes face 'long way to go' before Royal Family can 'trust' them He did however that it has been “complicated” to “restart” things in the US. Elsewhere in the interview, the Duke opened up about his and Meghan’s recent trip to British soil that saw them meet with the Queen. Harry pointedly said it was “great” seeing his grandmother, who turns 96 on Thursday, and spoke fondly of their “special relationship”. He said: “It was really nice to see her — to be able to see her in some element of privacy was nice. “We have a special relationship with talking about things that she can’t talk about with anybody else.” Despite their close-knit bond, Harry conceded that he might not make it back to the UK for celebrations for the Queen’s Jubilee this summer. DON'T MISS Prince Edward title: Why is Edward an Earl and not a Duke? [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry 'need to be on good terms with the Queen' [REVEAL] Prince Harry torn apart for 'loose talk' after children future comment [REPORT] He explained this was due to his ongoing row with the Home Office over security provisions while the family is on British soil. When asked if he would return for the occasion, Harry noted that it was his wish that the monarch would get to meet her namesake great-granddaughter Lilibet, and reunite her with Archie, who left the UK when he was still a baby. Harry said: “I don’t know yet — there are lots of things, with security issues and everything else. “So this is what I’m trying to try and make it possible — that I can get my kids to meet her.” In addition to dedicating his life to service, the Duke of Sussex said he finds “healing” in helping and that he is now focusing his efforts to help his children. He said: “My sort of mantra now every day is I’m ‘trying to make the world a better place for my kids.’” The trip to the Netherlands marks the first time the Sussexes have returned to European soil since stepping back from royal duties. The couple’s children did not join them for the trip, and Meghan flew back to Los Angeles four days before her husband to reunite with them. The Duke of Sussex launched the Invictus Games in 2014 after attending the Warrior Games, a competition for wounded service members in the US.