The yellow warnings, which come into force from midnight tonight, will remain in place until 10am tomorrow. They are in force across North East England, East England and Yorkshire & Humber. The Met Office warned that "snow and hail showers could lead to icy surfaces, with possible travel disruption." It said that up to 3cm of snow is due to fall, warning that injuries could occur "from slips and falls on icy surfaces". It added: "Wintry showers will continue overnight Friday and into Saturday leading to icy patches, particularly on untreated surfaces. "Some accumulations of snow are also possible, particularly across hillier areas of northeast England. "1-3 cm accumulations are possible mainly above 200 m for parts of Northumberland and the North York Moors. "The odd covering is possible to lower levels but this is likely to be short lived." Snow fell across the UK yesterday, as the country was hit by a spring cold snap. Temperatures fell below freezing overnight, with the coldest weather hitting northern and eastern parts of England. Snowfall fell as far south as London, as the Met Office issued weather warnings across a large swathe of eastern Scotland, northeast England and Yorkshire. LIVE UPDATES: Snow tracker LIVE: UK braced for -6C Arctic blast- yellow warning The Met Office's forecast for this evening predicts "wintry showers" and "widespread frost". It says: "Wintry showers with ice risk in east. "Rain/sleet in west continuing to sink south with some hill snow and perhaps to low levels in places. "Elsewhere, clear with widespread frost." DON'T MISS: UK snow: Bitter -7C cold snap to bring 8cm of snow [INSIGHT] Where will it snow in the UK over the next 24 hours- forecast [ANALYSIS] Met Office issues ELEVEN new weather warnings [REPORT] For Saturday's forecast, the Met Office says: "Cold start, though milder in the west under thicker cloud and showers. "Some wintriness likely, mainly for high ground of Wales and Southwest before clearing. "Elsewhere, sunshine and scattered showers." Across the weekend, the forecaster has said "wintry showers" will bring "light accumulations of snow". It added: "A cold Arctic maritime airmass pushing south across most of the country has brought unsettled conditions and morning frosts for many that contrast sharply with the recent warm weather seen across the UK." The wave of warm weather that hit the UK last week brought widespread sunshine and highs of 20C.