You might have been subconsciously feeling the build-up to this Moon over the past few days, more so because it comes just days after the Jupiter-Neptune conjunction, spurring a serious cultural and spiritual overhaul. Express.co.uk spoke to Moon Mentor and author of 'Lunar Living: Working with the Magic of the Moon Cycle and Crystals for Self-Care', Kirsty Gallagher (@kirsty_gallagher_ on Instagram), to find out what’s in store for Saturday’s Libra Full Moon. The last Virgo Full Moon prompted a spring clean for the soul, motivating an “out with the old, in with the new” approach to the month. Its practical and organised Virgo energy helped stir more self-discipline and more forward-thinking. Next came the Aries New Moon, evoking that impetus to boldly forge new paths and fire for what you want - or what you might have recently discovered to want. Now, to break down any potential barriers and intense energies this might have tended, the Libra Full Moon will come as a welcome release. Kirsty said: “This is the first Full Moon and release point of the astrological year and comes right before eclipse season. READ MORE: Horoscope & love: Virgo is ‘anything but boring’  “The Jupiter Neptune conjunction came to give you a glimpse of and be aware of your soul and souls’ contract and journey this lifetime.” She continued: “This Full Moon is here to help you to surrender all that is not in alignment with your soul path, preparing you for eclipse season.” If you’ve been feeling a bit lost, confused, uncertain and powerless recently, this might be elucidating the areas you're more out of alignment with the path you're meant to be on. Kirsty said: “You will be shown where you are out of touch with yourself and what you want and need - where you have abandoned and lost yourself.  “Where you doubt yourself and your abilities, and how you have lost your connection to your soul and the universe, and the knowledge that you are here on purpose.” Use this Full Moon to look inward and acknowledge where you might be dropping the ball, and expel these negative energies to restore your sense of direction. Kirsty said: “It will be these same things that always knock you off your path and it’s time to let go of what is no longer a match for you as you move forwards.” This Full Moon posits a choice - stay stuck in the same old or take back your power and evolve into your future. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle horoscope: ‘More similar’ to half-sister than she thinks [ANALAYSIS]What to do with tulips after they have bloomed [EXPLAINED]Supplements: Vitamin B and vitamin D may be 'mood boosting' [INSIGHT]    Kirsty said: “All the planets working together under this full moon want you to grow, evolve, move forward, and fulfil what you came here to do. They are working with this once in a lifetime Jupiter and Neptune conjunction to help you to remember who you are. “And the only way you can truly move forward into your true north and all that you are being shown is waiting for you, is to clear out all that is in the way. That’s what this Full Moon is here for. She continued: “Be intentional with what you want to let go of and leave behind under this full moon, make it a ritual. This is a key moment in the journey of your soul to become more of who you’re here to be and remember who you are.” 