Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak have vowed to stay in their positions despite being fined for breaking lockdown rules in Downing Street. The Prime Minister, Chancellor and Carrie Johnson all received fixed penalty notices for attending a birthday party for Johnson in June 2020. Despite their refusal to resign, Tory pundit Albie Amankona explained, during an appearance on GB News, what the Tories will be looking to now to help decide the PM’s fate. Amankona began: “It doesn’t matter what I think because it’s about what the Prime Minister has said he’s going to do. “He’s said he’s not going to resign so what I think about it or what you think about it doesn’t really matter. “What matters is what the opinions of the Conservative MPs are because ultimately the only mechanism to get rid of this Prime Minister is if 54 letters go into the 1922 committee and I’m not sure that’s going to happen under these circumstances.” Breakfast presenter Stephen Dixon added: “That’s probably unlikely to happen. Read more: 'I don’t care Johnson broke the law' Edwina Currie on GMB “But, even if it did that only leads to a vote which a lot of the experts say he’d win that anyway. “Those 54 letters don’t make him go, do they? They just trigger a vote.” Amankona said: “You would be surprised, let’s see what happens after the May elections which are, of course, coming up on May 5, the local elections.” Co-host Anne Diamond remarked: “They’re going to be disastrous for the Tories.” “They are going to be disastrous for the Tories,” Amankona agreed. "But what MPs care about more than Boris Johnson is the safety of their seats. “So when their seats start coming under threat, if Boris Johnson isn’t an electoral asset you can bet it they’ll be having second thoughts on whether or not Boris Johnson is the right man to lead them to victory in the next general election whenever that will be.” GB News were left divided over Johnson’s fate as they took to Twitter to comment on Amankona’s analysis. @MarkPot24689278 tweeted: “Hard too believe that certain people don't think they deserve better and says so much about there moral code.” (sic) DON'T MISSColeen Nolan recalls meeting Jimmy Savile when 14 'Licked my hand' [INSIGHT]'No appetite for Meghan to come back' Royal expert says [INTERVIEW]Vine caller argues Sunak shouldn't quit for being 'too rich' [VIDEO] However, @Tintyd disagreed: “Of course he shouldn’t resign ridiculous.” @lj_fast added: “Gee take down Boris! He was allowed to chair important meetings running the country but having a birthday cake was wrong. “Get real he needs to run the country it’s stupid now! There’s a friggin war going on with people that need our help so move on!” “Boris is going nowhere and staying put,” @StevieHancock60 wrote. Johnson is the first serving Prime Minister to be punished for breaking the law while in No 10. The Prime Minister has insisted he only attended the gathering for 10 minutes. He told broadcasters: “The best thing I can do, having paid the fine, is focus on the job in hand… “I feel an even greater sense of obligation to deliver on the priorities of the British people.” GB News kicks off with Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel on weekdays at 6am.