The rise was confirmed last September when inflation was measured the year leading up to 3.1 percent. However, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) today announced the UK rate of inflation hit seven percent in the year to March 2022.   Contribution-based JSA will rise from £59.20 to £61.05 for under 25s and over 25s will see a rise to £77 from £74.70. The income-based JSA personal allowance has also risen to the same levels for under and over 25s. Previously, the highest possible award would have given Britons £3,884.40 per year, but the uplift means claimants will receive £4,004. The new style Jobseeker’s Allowance helps support people financially while looking for work. READ MORE: PIP claimant 'distraught' after DWP process - 'Debts and bills are piling up'     When applying for the benefit, applicants agree to a claimant commitment which may have responsibilities they have to stick to such as attending job interviews or applying for work. If recipients don't meet their commitments without good reason, they could be sanctioned and have their payments stopped. The new style JSA could also be claimed in unison with Universal Credit. First time applicants may have to wait up to three weeks to receive their first payment after applying.  The first payment may also not be for the full amount one is entitled to, with following payments of the full amount being made every two weeks. To be eligible for new style JSA, claimants must have both:  JSA is known as a contributory benefit, as it relies on National Insurance contributions. However, a person's savings, their partner's income or their partner's savings will not impact their eligibility. The National Insurance contributions must usually have been made in the last two or three years, and National Insurance credits can also count for eligibility. Unfortunately, self-employed Britons who only pay class two National Insurance contributions will not be eligible unless they work as a share fisherman or volunteer development worker.  All of the following also needs to apply in order to be eligible: Benefit claimants expecting a payment this weekend will receive them early. This is due to the Easter weekend where HMRC and DWP offices will be closed and unable to make the payments on their usual dates. People receiving certain benefits and payments expected from April 15 to April 18 will instead receive them on April 14.