Dustin Johnson has already achieved so much in his professional career, including two Major titles, six WGC victories, the FedEx Cup and a stint as World No. 1. The American superstar has done it all with the support of Paulina Gretzky by his side. The eldest of four siblings, she is the daughter of NHL legend Wayne Gretzky, arguably the greatest Ice Hockey player of all time. She met Johnson in 2009 but the pair officially started dating in 2013 before their engagement just seven months later. Gretzky has worked as a model, singer and an actress, appearing in film such as Grown Ups 2 (2013), Fame (2009) and Guns, Girls and Gambling (2012). She claims that singing and song-writing is her passion, and the 33-year-old has inked record deals in the past. Despite her clear links to ice hockey, Gretzky has admitted she is now far more interested by golf. She told Golf Digest: “I didn’t appreciate golf as much when I was little, probably because my mum put us in tennis camps and golf camps. “My mum has a video of me when I was really young where I’m saying, ‘Daddy, don’t go play golf any more’.” READ MORE: Tiger Woods confirms he is flying to Augusta ahead of Masters Her interest in golf appears to be paying off, as she has featured on the cover of Golf Digest and Canadian fashion magazine, Flare. She has also regularly attended events that Johnson is playing in and even caddied for him at the 2016 Masters Par 3 tournament. The pair live together in Florida along with their two sons Tatum and River Jones Johnson, who were born in 2015 and 2017 respectively. They announced the gender of River Jones on social media with a video of Johnson hitting a golf ball into the sea to blow up a bright blue cloud, confirming they were having a boy to Gretzky’s one million Instagram followers. Johnson and Gretzky have announced they are set to hold their wedding at Blackberry Farm, a five-star resort in Walland, Tennessee later this year. She was seen celebrating her bachelorette party with close friends on the island of Saint Barthélemy. DON'T MISSMorgan in awe of Tiger Woods' 'resilience' with Masters return onWoods hyped up by Nike for 'phenomenal' recovery ahead of Masters 2022Nadal has 'no jokes' on the golf course as Ruud shares experiences When appearing on the Pillows and Beer podcast, Gretzky revealed why it has taken so long for her and Dustin to get married. She said: “I just did things my own way, I just didn't want to listen to how everyone else viewed things. “I fell in love with someone so fast and we just had the best thing that's ever happened to us happen so quickly. This guy (Johnson) has no downtime. The stresses from getting everything ready for a wedding would take over mine and his life and what I needed to be was his teammate. “I needed to be there for him to support him and love him and make sure he is accomplishing what he needed to do.”