Researchers analyse genetic material in the ocean and found a total of 5,504 new marine RNA viruses. RNA viruses are best known for the diseases they cause in people, ranging from the common cold to the recent COVID-19 outbreak. They also infect plants and animals that can, in some cases, be passed on to humans. These viruses evolve at much quicker rates than DNA viruses do – and scientists are still learning more about them. But unlike humans and other organisms composed of cells, viruses lack unique short stretches of DNA that could act as what researchers call a "genetic bar code". Without this, trying to distingue different viruses proved difficult. The researchers explained: "To get around this limitation, we decided to identify the gene that codes for a particular protein that allows a virus to replicate its genetic material. "It is the only protein that all RNA viruses share, because it plays an essential role in how they propagate themselves. "Each RNA virus, however, has small differences in the gene that codes for the protein that can help distinguish one type of virus from another." The experts screened a global database of RNA sequences from plankton collected during the four-year Tara Oceans expeditions global research project. They found a total of 44,000 genes that code for the virus protein. Then, a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning allowed them to systematically organise these sequences. READ MORE: 'Embarrassing!' PM unleashes fury as Germany 'stands in way' of sanctions to cripple Putin They added: "We identified a total of 5,504 new marine RNA viruses and doubled the number of known RNA virus phyla from five to 10. "Mapping these new sequences geographically revealed that two of the new phyla were particularly abundant across vast oceanic regions, with regional preferences in either temperate and tropical waters (the Taraviricota, named after the Tara Oceans expeditions) or the Arctic Ocean (the Arctiviricota). We believe that Taraviricota might be the missing link in the evolution of RNA viruses that researchers have long sought, connecting two different known branches of RNA viruses that diverged in how they replicate." These new sequences will help scientists better understand the evolutionary history of viruses and early life. But, they warned: "As the COVID-19 pandemic has shown, RNA viruses can cause deadly diseases. DON'T MISSVDL hammered for 'not even trying' with new Russia sanctions [REPORT] Putin's plot to hold Germany to ransom could end in disaster [INSIGHT] Energy crisis lifeline: UK opens North Sea taps to slash Russia relian [REVEAL] "Mapping out where in the world these RNA viruses live can help clarify how they affect the organisms driving many of the ecological processes that run our planet. "Our study also provides improved tools that can help researchers catalogue new viruses as genetic databases grow." The oceans contain almost 200,000 different viral populations, according to the most recent research. Though most are harmless to humans, they can cause outbreaks in marine life, including whales and crustaceans. There are over 219 virus species that are known to be able to infect humans – a very small number of which are found in water. Many of the water-bound pathogens are treatable, especially if caught early. Rinsing off and generally washing your hands after leaving the water can reduce the chance of infection.