Tyson Fury has defended former fellow heavyweight boxing star Mike Tyson after a video emerged of the latter punching a passenger whilst on a plane bound for San Francisco. The alleged victim, who has been identified as Melvin Townsend III, has been accused of harassing Tyson whilst on the flight. And Fury, fresh off his emphatic win over Dillian Whyte, has claimed he can understand why the former heavyweight champion acted like he did, if he had indeed been antagonised. He told Piers Morgan: “Mike Tyson is a real O.G. and you can't mess with Mike because you don't know what he's going to do. “The fun police will be on Mike to get cancelled but how long can you prod a lion with a stick? He's not the man you want to prod. If he's man enough to prod Mike Tyson, touch him and abuse him, then man up and take a punch in the face. He should be paying Mike. Now he can say he's been punched in the face by a legend. I'd pay for that myself.” In response to the attack, a spokesperson for Tyson described the alleged victim as ‘aggressive’ and accused him of ‘throwing a water bottle’ at the 55-year-old whilst on the plane. A statement read: “Unfortunately, Mr. Tyson had an incident on a flight with an aggressive passenger who began harassing him and threw a water bottle at him while he was in his seat.” JUST IN: Dillian Whyte warned he was 'too respectful' and will 'kick himself' for Tyson Fury loss  In response, the alleged victim’s lawyer then released a statement on his behalf, in which they deny the bottle was thrown at the heavyweight legend. The lawyer commented: “Our client is a big Mike Tyson fan. When Mike Tyson boarded the plane, he became overly excited. At first, their interaction was cordial. “At a certain point, Mr. Tyson clearly became agitated by an overly excited fan and began to strike him in an excessive manner. This situation could have been avoided simply by contacting the flight attendant. Our client denies throwing a water bottle prior to being struck by Mr. Tyson." DON'T MISSTyson Fury called out as Joe Joyce sets sights on fighting Gypsy KingRicky Hatton weighs in on Fury retirement raising Joshua questionsDillian Whyte wants Tyson Fury rematch after ‘banging head from push' As well as support from fellow heavyweight Fury, Tyson’s reaction has also been defended by YouTuber-turned-boxer Jake Paul. The American took to Twitter to have his say on the matter, tweeting: “If you’re being heckled in public like Mike Tyson was you should legally get a hall pass to beat someone’s ass. “This generation thinks they can get away with anything." Paul and Tyson’s names have been heavily linked in recent months, with the pair rumoured to be lining up an exhibition bout which would see the former heavyweight champion make a remarkable return to the ring aged 55, a whole 30 years older than his proposed opponent.