British Cycling will ban transgender athletes from competing in its events by suspending its policy after Boris Johnson claimed that transgender women should not be allowed to take part in women's sport. The governing body has revealed in a statement that a full review of their policy will take place in the near future as the current version is 'unfair on all women riders'. "We understand there are concerns regarding the extent to which our current policy appropriately reflects the Sports Councils' Equality Group guidance," the statement reads. "We will also continue to work tirelessly to ensure that our sport remains free of hate, discrimination and abuse in all forms, and that we prioritise the welfare of riders, volunteers, event organisers, commissaires and others that our sport can't continue without. "The challenge is far greater than one event or one sport, and only by working together can we hope to find a timely solution, which achieves fairness in a way that maintains the dignity and respect of all athletes." JUST IN: Masters 2022 LIVE leaderboard: Tiger Woods tees off for comeback British Cycling also insisted they would be liaising with 'all stakeholders, including women and the transgender and non-binary communities' as part of their review. The previous regulations required athletes to have had testosterone levels below five nanomoles per litre for a period of one year prior to competing. The governing body had initially cleared transgender cyclist Emily Bridges to ride in her first elite women's race before the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI) stepped in to ban the 21-year-old from racing in last week's British National Omnium Championships. British Cycling's decision to suspend their policy comes after Prime Minister Boris Johnson insisted that transgender women should not be allowed to compete in women's events when quizzed on the matter on Wednesday. "I don't think biological males should be competing in female sporting events," he said. "Maybe that's a controversial thing to say, but it just seems to me to be sensible. "I also happen to think that women should have spaces, whether it's in hospitals, prison or changing rooms which are dedicated to women. That's as far as my thinking has developed on this issue. "If that puts me in conflict with some others, then we have got to work it all out. It doesn't mean I'm not immensely sympathetic to people who want to change gender, to transition. "It's vital we give people the maximum love and support in making those decisions. These are complex issues and they can't be solved with one swift, easy piece of legislation. It takes a lot of thought to get this right."