Israeli PM Naftali Bennett declared “no restrictions” for army and police following Israel’s fourth deadly terror attack in just a fortnight, which confirmed fears expressed by officials last week of more copycat plots during the holy month of Ramadan. Ra’ad Hazem, 28, fled the scene at around 7pm shortly after opening fire on revellers at a bar on a main thoroughfare full of restaurants and bars in the heart of Tel Aviv. With the city on high alert, more than a thousand police officers, army and special forces soldiers began scouring the city in a frantic manhunt on Thursday night. Residents were told to stay indoors until further notice, while security forces went from building to building, searching for the terrorist in every alley. One witness told of the moment he heard the sound of gunfire at the Ilka bar on Dizengoff Street. “I hid on a staircase with three strangers until a nice couple let us into their apartment,” said Daniel Rubenstein, 38. “It was really intense. Some of the people around me were crying, but we tried to stay as calm as possible while the police and military were searching for the suspect right outside the apartment.” Hamez, from Jenin in the occupied West Bank and who was living in Israel illegally, was finally found and cornered at around 6am on Friday morning near a mosque in the predominantly Arab neighbourhood of Jaffa, some four miles away. He was killed after a short exchange of gunfire with security services. “We succeeded this morning, through intelligence and operational cooperation, to close the circle and to kill the terrorist in a shootout,“ said Police Commissioner Kobi Shabtai later. Bennett confirmed Hazem wasn’t affiliated to a terror group, adding ”but somebody helped him in organising and obtaining the weapons.”  Both Hamas and Islamic Jihad welcomed the attack, calling it a “heroic operation”, while Hazem’s father, a former officer in the Palestinian Authority’s security service, praised his son’s actions. But Palestinian President Abbas warned; "the killing of Palestinian and Israeli civilians only leads to a further deterioration of the situation" More than 15 other plots have been foiled since an Islamic State supporter stabbed three people to death outside a shopping centre in the southern city of Beersheba on March 22. Defense Minister Benny Gantz confirmed that more than 200 people had been arrested after Thursday night’s attack, adding: “and, if necessary, we will arrest thousands.” The two men killed at the bar were named as childhood friends Eytam Magini and Tomer Morad, both aged 27. A 35-year-old father-of-three, who was one of 12 people wounded, died in hospital on Friday. Israel remained on maximum alert last night. PM Bennett said: “We grant full freedom of action to the IDF, the Shin Bet and all security forces in order to eradicate terrorism. There are and will be no restrictions in this war.” 