The BBC has faced a viewer backlash over its latest shake-up to its news programmes. Last year, the BBC promised that some of its flagship news programme, including the BBC One news bulletins and Newsnight, would be presented across the country. However, viewers have complained that the move is tokenistic and a "totally unnecessary" waste of licence fee payers' money. Newswatch host Samira Ahmed reviewed the criticism of the BBC's news presenting policy. She said: "There is a concern we have heard before that BBC sometimes conflates Britain with England, and can tend to forget parts of the UK outside London and the south-east. "It is to counter that perception, one recently voiced by Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries, that the BBC promised last year that some of its flagship news programmes like the Today programme, Newsnight and BBC One News Bulletins, would be presented on occasion across the country. "That is why on Wednesday, Huw Edwards popped up in Cardiff." JUST IN: 'Get your facts right!' Charlie Mullins slaps down Owen Jones  In recent weeks, BBC News bulletins have been presented at BBC headquarters across the country, with BBC anchor Huw Edwards recently presenting BBC News at Six from the headquarters of BBC Wales. Ms Ahmed said: "The move to put BBC News Bulletins on the road once in a while has elicited some grumbles from viewers." Back in December, Andrew Reilly wrote to the BBC: "Why was Huw Edwards in Salford? Added absolutely NOTHING to the news. "Just a train fare - or flights? - hotel charges and expenses, paid for by licence fee payers."  Phil Chaney, writing this week, said: "Why have Huw Edwards and Faisal Islam traveled to Cardiff to present the BBC News at 6 and 10 with Alison Holt standing on the London Broadcasting House balcony in the wind, instead of in the studio? "Totally unnecessary expense when BBC budgets are tight." This comes as Nadine Dorries ramps up pressure on the broadcaster. DON'T MISS: GB News claims lefty ‘xenophobia’ responsible for Rwanda success [REACTION]Putin desperately 'worried' about coup plot amid mysterious deaths [ANALYSIS]Harry and Meghan 'loving speculation' around Jubilee attendance [VIDEO]  The Culture Secretary said the company’s funding model was “completely outdated” and decisions on any changes would be made “well ahead” of the BBC Charter renewal in 2027. Speaking to The Spectator, Ms Dorries said: “We are going to very soon announce that we are going to be looking very seriously about how we fund the BBC. "We are ready to implement a new way of funding the BBC." The remarks coincide with a new white paper on the BBC's future published this week. In the white paper, the Government announced a review that is expected to dump the current 100-year-old funding method in favour of an alternative, such as a subscription model. The white paper also included plans to privatise Channel 4, but its consultation showed more than nine in 10 people do not think Channel Four would struggle to be a success if it remained in public ownership. 