Nick Hewer joins six other celebrities on a trek from Ireland to Northern Ireland and Scotland in BBC Two’s Pilgrimage: The Road to the Scottish Isles. However, talking about the experience to Express.co.uk and other press the former Countdown presenter admitted he had health concerns ahead of the trip. Agnostic Nick joins interior designer Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen who considers himself a non-conforming pagan and England cricketing legend and practising Sikh Monty Panesar. Emmerdale’s Louisa Clein, who is Jewish, Christian and former Gogglebox star Scarlett Moffatt and comedian Shazia Mirza, who is Muslim also take part in the pilgrimage. Paralympian Will Bayley, who is a lapsed Christian, completes the line-up. The celebrities will set out on foot, by road and by sea travelling over 1,600km to follow in the footsteps of St Columba, a key figure in British and Irish Christianity. Read more: Matt Baker tipped to be Dan Walker's replacement on BBC Breakfast Speaking to Express.co.uk, Nick admitted he had some concerns about taking on such a challenge. He said: “As an ex-smoker, I was very worried about it so there was the health thing.” When asked about the journey, the former Countdown star explained he enjoyed “falling behind” his co-trekkers. Nick continued: “I think that nature is next to God and I'm not stretching any further than that so I thought it was wonderful I love nature and the highlands get it over Ireland every day. “It was amazing just to appear through the mist. I loved it I actually love it. “The ability to do it was something that was amazing because I was terrified. “But the beauty of what I saw around me, the ability to do it, and because I fell back slightly because this lot went off to trot so I was always sort of 20 minutes behind as it were.” “So I appreciated the contemplative time I spent with myself adoring nature,” he added. DON'T MISSDan Walker could earn up to £500K a year after move to Channel 5 [INSIGHT]Richard Madeley slammed for Scarlett Moffatt religion interrogation [VIDEO]The Split Annabel Scholey speaks on ending BBC series [INTERVIEW] “I’m very happy not to have discovered God but I hope that it gave a sense of beauty and humanity, which is in pretty short supply.” The former Apprentice star was asked about how he managed the mammoth trek. Nick explained the key to his success was preparation and the trek was something he’d love to do again. He said: “We were in lockdown because of the bubble and all that stuff so we had to keep to our rooms and I thought, ‘You’re not going to catch Covid travelling 30 miles around Donegal so I was quite fit when I started and got fitter all through. “I loved it. I'm a wreck now but it was wonderful and I was well equipped. “I really did the right thing. I bought three pairs of boots and it did rain every day all day.” “I’d love to do it again with a different crowd,” he quipped. Pilgrimage: The Road to the Scottish Isles airs on BBC Two on Friday at 9pm.