Prince Harry surprised Team UK for the Invictus Games with a video call as members gathered for a final training camp before the start of the games. The Prince cheered along with the team after the call started, ahead of the games that will take place in Hague, the Netherlands next week.  Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to offer her expert analysis. She claimed: “Harry’s body language here suggests mixed emotions. He is strongest towards the end when he becomes more serious to deliver his motivational and patriotic message that probably gets the best response from the audience. “In rather more ‘royal’ mode for this part, the response from his audience does seem to be a reminder of the asset to the Firm he could have been, had he stayed in the UK. “For the rest of his chat, he shows signs of being slightly less assured, with some signals of inner anxiety despite the fact he is speaking to the people he champions in the cause he adores,” Judi claimed. READ MORE: Best place to live for pensioners to grow old in... and the worst The expert explained whether or not this shows Harry’s remorse for not attending his late grandfather’s memorial service last month. Judi suggested: “This might be regret at not being there with them, but when he first appears he looks genuinely surprised and excited by his keen reception, falling back in his seat and mirroring the response of the people in the back rows by raising his arms in the air as his mouth falls open and his eyebrows rise up in surprise and delight. “After this, there are some odd moments. He asks a question and as he listens to the answer he licks his lips before biting his lower lip in a gesture of nervousness. “With the next answer, he pushes his tongue into the side of his mouth before raising his hand to wipe it across his mouth. “His next question sound prompted by personal feelings: ‘Are you nervous?’ “Harry gets a good answer to this question but then seems to forget he’s asked it as his next question is the same: ‘Are you excited or nervous?’ “There is a pause as the audience seems unsure how to answer it twice and Harry says ‘The silence says it all’ as though forgetting they have already told him. “He is much stronger on the banter and overall, despite suggestions of anxiety, is clearly joyful about supporting the cause that is closest to his heart,” the expert noted. The Invictus Games were founded by the Duke of Sussex with an aim to aid the rehabilitation of injured or sick military personnel and veterans from across the globe.  Harry made the video call from his home in California. The room erupted into laughter when the Duke of Sussex teased competitors over the time they've had to prepare for the Games, which were last held in 2019. "You realise that no-one, not just you guys, no-one's got any excuses for not being fit now," he teased. The event took place at a final training camp for those involved before the games take place in the Netherlands this month. Harry also prompted laughter as he spoke to his former royal army physical training corps instructor Vic Wales.  "Is my PTI from Sandhurst in here somewhere?" he asked. When he spotted her, he jested: "I can't believe after, how many years, 15 years, our paths are about to cross again. “You used to shout at me so much." Vic then shot back that the royal "needed it" to which he jokingly agreed with her. 