Justin Thomas pulled off an incredible escape shot during the third round of The Masters, emulating the heroics of fellow American Bubba Watson who played a similar approach one day prior. Thomas found himself in trouble on the par four tenth off the tee after flying his drive right. The American then found himself burrowed away in the Augusta trees, with his ball sitting on the dreaded pine needles. Many wouldn’t have begrudged Thomas for playing safe and chipping back into the fairway to line himself up a simpler third shot. However, the 14-time PGA Tour champion had other ideas, and played a remarkable punch shot through the slight tree gap which bounded its way towards the putting surface. The piece of brilliance no doubt took the Augusta crowd by storm as one of the biggest cheers of the week broke out as Thomas’ ball found the green - setting up the most unlikely of birdie opportunities. The shot mirrored a remarkable escape played by fellow competitor Watson on Friday, after he also played an incredible shot out of the daunting Augusta trees at the 18th, that ended just two feet away from the pin, which he then rolled in for birdie. JUST IN: Masters 2022 LIVE leaderboard: Scottie Scheffler holds Schwartzel and Smith by five shots  Whilst Thomas was unable to sink his birdie attempt, he tidied up for a solid par - a score he would have more than taken when making his way down the fairway 10 minutes prior. His remarkable approach capped off an impressive two days for Thomas after a dismal start on Thursday. Following his tournament opening round, the 14-time PGA Tour champion was starring the dreaded cut line in the face, after carding a disappointing four-over-par 76 on day one. However, the American showed just why he was one of the best golfers on the planet with a remarkable recovery on Friday. DON'T MISS  Thomas had clearly put his round woes behind him, as in tricky conditions he grinded out an impressive four-under 68 in a polar opposite performance to the one he had played 24 hours prior. Things then started well for the American on moving day, after picking up two birdies in his first three holes. Since though, the 28-year-old has gone without a birdie as well as picking up three bogeys to leave him at level-par for the tournament. The one man Thomas and co are all trying to catch is the flying Scottie Scheffler, who currently holds a five-shot lead midway through his third round.