Manchester United chiefs chose not to consult players on Erik ten Hag’s appointment after Cristiano Ronaldo’s previous opinions on Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Antonio Conte, according to reports. The Ajax manager was announced as the club’s fifth permanent manager since Sir Alex Ferguson retired in 2013. He will take over the reins from Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season, where they German is expected to step into the boardroom on a consultancy basis. The Red Devils’ struggles have not improved under Rangnick, as their chastening 4-0 away defeat to Liverpool recently proved. They are currently languishing in sixth position, three points behind fourth placed Tottenham Hotspur who hold a game in hand over the Red Devils. But, Ten Hag’s long-awaited announcement will likely be received as good news, after a hugely frustrating few weeks at the club. The 52-year-old Dutchman’s arrival at Old Trafford had been inevitable for the last few weeks, but Pep Guardiola's former assistant wanted to ensure he took the due diligence to assess the club. But while United pontificated on their next managerial choice, reports from the Manchester Evening News claim the club chose not to explore the opinions of the current crop of players. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton and Serena Williams 'pledge £20m' to Chelsea bid Further reports from the MEN also claimed the United squad were ‘underwhelmed’ by the prospect of Ten Hag arriving at the club, but were more supportive of a move for Pochettino. Moreover, the Daily Mail in October claimed Ronaldo showed firm support from previous United manager Solskjaer, while the MEN also claimed the five-time Ballon d’Or winner ‘vetoed’ the current Tottenham boss Conte when he was initially linked with the club in October. These previous incidents, not just from Ronaldo but the squad as a whole, are believed to have been the main factor in United’s decision to not consult their players. Moreover, a huge summer overhaul is also believed to be in the pipeline at Old Trafford, with Rangnick claiming up to ’10 players’ could arrival at Old Trafford over the next transfer windows. READ MORE: Man Utd board’s fury at Rangnick emerges after woeful Liverpool defeat As well as many players coming to the end of their contracts, other players such as Dean Henderson, Anthony Martial, and many more are believed to be unhappy at the club. However, Ten Hag’s arrival could very well go some way to changing the minds of those disgruntled stars. “During the past four years at Ajax, Erik has proved himself to be one of the most exciting and successful coaches in Europe, renowned for his team’s attractive, attacking football and commitment to youth,” a statement from United football director John Murtough said. “In our conversations with Erik leading up to this appointment, we were deeply impressed with his long-term vision for returning Manchester United to the level we want to be competing at, and his drive and determination to achieve that. “We wish Erik the best of luck as he focuses on achieving a successful end to the season at Ajax and look forward to welcoming him to Manchester United this summer.”