The Princess Royal will be joined by the Duchess of Cambridge today in a joint royal engagement. The pair will open the new headquarters of the Royal College of Midwives, as well as visiting the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists. Anne is patron of the Royal College of Midwives (RCM) while Kate is patron of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG). They will hear how the respective colleges are striving to improve maternal health care and ensure women are receiving the best care available to them. Today’s visit will be their first ever engagement together as a duo, having only previously carried out engagements together as part of the wider family before. Both are incredibly valuable members of the Firm, with Anne carrying out more engagements than any other royal last year. Yet unearthed accounts reveal Anne was not always the shining light, as the Queen Mother took particular objection to the way her granddaughter dressed as a young woman. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry could have 'commuter arrangement' Royal Family Anne was credited as one of the first young royals to don a mini-skirts in the Sixties and Seventies. Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty magazine, wrote in the Daily Mail in 2019 how the Queen Mother was dismayed by her fashion choices. She wrote: “Even Princess Anne, as a teenager, enjoyed dressing daringly, choosing to wear very short skirts, much to the chagrin of her grandmother, the Queen Mother. “Although she didn’t mind their scantiness, the Queen Mother was of the opinion that it was an unflattering look for a woman of any age to show too much thigh and professed knees ‘so ugly’.” Short hemlines were fashionable in the Sixties and Seventies, and Anne was by no means the only royal to have dared a glimpse of leg. Ms Seward wrote: “Even the Queen, a paradigm of sartorial elegance and impeccable taste, dared to reveal a glimpse of knee when short hemlines were fashionable in the Sixties and Seventies. “She had her dresses altered by her couturier Ian Thomas, from Norman Hartnell, when the fashion demanded. “He told me he received a call from Her Majesty’s dresser, Bobo MacDonald, requesting that the hems of the royal gowns be raised to a more up-to-date length.” DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton and Princess Anne collaboration came at Queen’s request [EXPERT]Queen and Prince Charles 'are closer than ever' thanks to Camilla [QUOTES]Queen Máxima's father 'banned' from her wedding over controversial past [INSIGHT] The result, Ms Seward said, was a “success”, adding that Her Majesty’s “shorter ensembles set precisely the right tone”. Likewise, Princess Margaret and her then-husband, the Earl of Snowdon, were fashion pioneers of their generation. Margaret was frequently spotted in short skirts, while her husband donned his customary roll-neck jumpers and safari jackets. Anne, meanwhile, has chosen thousands of stylish outfits over the years, many of which have been copied by other royals further down the line. In the Seventies, the Princess Royal made some bold fashion statements, including a duck egg blue suit for the Queen’s birthday celebrations in Berlin in 1973. She showed she wasn’t afraid to dress down, too, with a blue pinstripe shirt tucked into a pair of casual black jeans on a visit to Russia. Anne’s monochrome cream and black ensemble at the Ascot races in the Eighties has been copied by many royals since, while a skirt suit with puff sleeves worn in the Nineties has also been worn by modern royals. In more recent years, she has combined her love of chic looks with casual attire. Fashion expert and personal stylist Samantha Harman told Express.co.uk last year: “Princess Anne is probably one of the most underestimated royals when it comes to style. “She is a good example of someone who re-wears items, buys classic shapes, but she isn't afraid to try new things too.” Ms Harman added: “Sometimes we can look back through the archive at a celebrity's wardrobe and think 'wow! Their style has changed so much’. “But Anne’s style is ‘classic Anne’. “There isn't some big ‘makeover’ or ‘change’ in her style over the last 50 years — you can see this is the same woman, with a strong sense of who she is. “There are lots of elements in her outfits that transcend time and trends, from the Seventies to today.”