More than two months into the invasion of Ukraine, Russian forces have made little progress as Ukrainian troops push back. Putin has already declared that Russia will win the war ahead of “Victory Day” on May 9, which is when Russia celebrates the defeat of Nazi Germany in World War 2. Given the slow progress of the war, Putin could unleash a number of superweapons that could end Ukraine’s resistance. Most recently, he showcased his terrifying arsenal, with the intention of giving his rivals “food for thought”. Earlier this month, the Russian Defence Ministry announced it successfully tested the new RS-28 Sarmat intercontinental ballistic missile. Nicknamed “The Satan”, the gargantuan 115-foot nuclear warhead can fly 11,000 miles, and carry 15 missiles with a potential capacity to destroy an area the size of France. According to reports, the missile travelled almost the entire length of Russia, almost 3,600 miles - in about 15 minutes. This terrifying killer is a nuclear-armed cruise missile that can be launched from land or sea with a near “unlimited” range. First unveiled in 2018, Putin claims that the missile can evade any air defence systems and can fly at low altitudes, making it difficult to detect. This missile is specifically designed to find flaws in the US’s defence systems and target critical military sites that most other missiles can’t reach. Poseidon is Putin’s nuclear-armed submarine drone that can zip through the waters at a speed of 125mph and decimate entire cities after getting dropped onto the seabed . READ MORE: Putin’s terrifying 'super-weapon' exposed as world holds breath While this drone is slower than other intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs), it is reportedly fast enough to make it uncatchable to existing torpedoes. First unveiled in 2015, the “doomsday machine” can generate tsunamis of up to 300 feet upon detonating, plunging entire cities underwater and destroying naval bases. Regarded as one of Russia’s most adaptable systems, the Supra light laser cannon can obliterate satellites, planes, drones and missiles. Also known as the Peresvet, the cannon works by neutralising electronics on missiles and aircrafts from miles away.  Very little is known about this system, leading the US to categorise it as a "disturbing" threat. Yu-74 Avangard The dreaded Avangard weapon travels at Mach 27 and is designed to take out US ballistic missile defences ahead of a wider nuclear attack. Putin unveiled the weapon in March 2018, saying it could travel at up to 20 times the speed of sound and strike its target "like a meteorite, like a fireball," It is also powered by a nuclear reactor, worryingly giving the weapon a practically unlimited range that can strike anywhere. READ MORE: Putin unveils 'Satan' missile in warning to those 'threatening Russia'