Jeevun Sandher, an economist at King’s College London, accused Grant Shapps of failing to “understand” the catastrophic effect of the cost of living crisis as millions of children were cast into poverty. Addressing Chancellor Rishi Sunak's Spring Statement, Mr Sandher then demanded the Government “take responsibility” for letting children go hungry and depriving pensioners of necessary warmth in their homes. Speaking to Natasha Devon on LBC, Mr Sandher said: "Relative and absolute poverty, both of them are set to increase in the next year. Absolute poverty will go up by 1.3 million, relative poverty by about 600,000. “Now, Grant Shapps doesn't seem to understand those numbers but here are some numbers that even he can understand. "1 in 3 can't afford to heat their homes properly, 1 in 5 are struggling financially, and 1 in 7 children are going hungry in this country, and that was before Friday's increase in energy prices of 50 percent." Mr Sandher continued: "This government cannot simply define away hungry children or freezing pensioners. This Chancellor chose to let them go hungry and chose to let them go cold.” "They should at the very least take responsibility for that and they should absolutely change their minds." The KCL economist was responding to comments made on Sunday by Grant Shapps concerning the estimates of how many children would be cast into poverty by the new cost of living hikes. Roughly 400,000 children were cast back into poverty after a £20 per week uplift in Universal Credit introduced last year was subsequently cut, analysis by Child Poverty Action Group (CPAG) suggested. But Shapps labelled the figures “misleading”, refusing to concede that there was any concrete proof of this steep rise in those below the poverty line. Speaking on Sky News' Ridge on Sunday programme, the Transport Secretary said that while the rising costs of living were “very substantial”, he did not want to get “lost in numbers”. READ MORE: Pensioners urged to claim five income top-ups [INSIGHT] He cited differences between absolute and relative poverty, claiming that any estimates were not taking into account the two separate problems. He said: "I don't want to sort of get us lost in numbers here, but poverty is divided into both absolute and relative (poverty), and sometimes the way it's presented can be somewhat misleading, to say the least.” He added: "I do not mean to in any way, shape, or form underplay it because you don't have to be an expert - you just look at the cost of living, as you mentioned, the increase in inflation... it's very substantial.” But defending his Conservative Party and Cabinet member peer Sunak, Shapps added: “Given the chancellor's record, I'm sure he'll always be looking what else he can do" to help. DON'T MISS: How to stop cold air coming through your windows for less than £10 [REVEAL] Pensioners may be missing out on energy discount - still time to claim [INSIGHT] Cold Weather Payment, Warm Home Discount, and Winter Fuel Payments [INSIGHT] Chief executive of the charity CPAG Alison Garnham claimed that the Government had “turned their backs on low-income families” after the decision to remove the UC addition. She said: “In a week when the Chancellor made clear he was comfortable with his choices and the Prime Minister claimed child poverty had been left out of his plan for the country ‘by accident’ it looks like ministers have turned their backs on low-income families. “Many of the children who were lifted out of poverty by the £20 increase to Universal Credit have already been forced back over the brink by the Government’s actions. “And as millions struggle with spiralling costs, we know the picture will worsen. Government must step in to support hard-pressed families by increasing benefits by 8% to match inflation.”