Property expert Phil Spencer has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about the future of Location, Location, Location, which has been airing for 22 years. Phil presents the series alongside Kirstie Allsopp, with the pair helping house hunters find their perfect homes. After such a long stint on the hit Channel 4 series, the 52-year-old explained his "closeness" to Kirstie and stated the pair always "enjoy each other's company". "Yeah, we are really close friends," Phil commented when asked about Kirstie. "We were filming together in Nottingham this week and in Portsmouth, I was with Kirstie yesterday. "Yeah, we do get on really well. We're very close. "And to be honest, we wouldn't still be doing it if we weren't. It's fun. We enjoy each other's company." READ MORE: Former The Apprentice star lewis ellis talks leaving the show 'Weirdes He added: "We enjoy working together. We're better together than we are apart. "We prefer working together than we are when we do apart. "We have our solo projects, and that's important as well, but it's always nice to get back together and do stuff together." Talking about the future of Location, Location, Location, Phil commented: "We are very happy. We're trying to develop new programmes, new ideas. "We make 10 Locations a year and we make eight Love It or List Its, and then there's repeats and revisits. "And Kirstie's got her Christmas show and the craft shows. "I'm developing a programme I'm hoping to be working on in September or October so that there's plenty going on. "We genuinely feel very lucky to have had the amount of work and to be enjoying the work that we do. DON'T MISS... Killing Eve's Jodie Comer on why she dropped out of Ridley Scott movi [LATEST]EastEnders' Nick Cotton star shared moment June Brown saved daughter [INTERVIEW]GB News guest Nina Myskow blasts Home Office over handling of refugees [VIDEO] "And also to be helping people through these big decisions." When talking about advice he'd give to new house buyers, Phil stated: "It's tough for first-time buyers. "It is tough, it's tough for everyone, the market is very, very tight. It's certainly a seller's market. But first-time buyers are vital to the whole housing system. "Because if the first-time buyers aren't entering the market, then the whole thing grinds to a halt. "So they are a very, very important part of the market." The TV presenter added: "But there are slim pickings and my advice to first-time buyers at the moment is you've really got to dedicate a lot of time and effort and energy into your research and to your house. "Because there are slim pickings and there's an awful lot of people that are out there looking for the opportunities that do come to the market. "So the more informed, prepared, ready you are when you are out on your viewings - and by that I mean preparation, being clear about what it is you're looking for, where that's likely to exist, what that's likely to cost, compromises that you are (and), indeed, are not prepared to make - in your search." Location, Location, Location is available to watch on All4.