A son of one of the Queen’s friends reportedly told author Tina Brown: "Camilla stops the pompous thing with Charles. She won’t let him get away with telling his man to get his gin and tonic. "She says: 'Oh, don’t be so ridiculous. Let me pour the gin and tonic'." The insight into the royal couple's private life is revealed in Ms Brown's new book about the House of Windsor, The Palace Papers. Prince Charles and Camilla's relationship was unconventional from the very beginning as royal biographers point out it was love at first sight but the couple had to overcome some major obstacles before they could finally be together. They first met at a polo match in Windsor Great Park in 1970, according to the BBC, but their dating ended when they broke things off as Charles went to sea with the Royal Navy.  Reports claim Camilla’s opening line to Charles was: "My great-grandmother was the mistress of your great-great-grandfather. I feel we have something in common." It was a reference to society hostess Alice Keppel, who was mistress and confidante to King Edward VII. However, Robert Lacey, a historian and advisor to Netflix series, The Crown, maintains that Charles says they met through a mutual friend, Lucia Santa Cruz. Camilla married Andrew Parker Bowles in July 1973, and Charles wed Diana Spencer at St Paul's Cathedral in July 1981, but they remained in close touch throughout.  READ MORE ABOUT A CALLER SLAMMING REMOVAL OF A CHURCHILL STATUE Charles and Camilla started having an affair in 1986, according to People magazine, despite their marriages. In an interview with BBC One’s Panorama in 1995, Diana spoke about Camilla’s relationship with Charles, claiming: "There were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded". An intimate telephone call leaking to the press in 1993 caused a major scandal. Charles and Diana finalised their divorce in 1996 while Camilla and her first husband announced their divorce in January 1995. Charles and Camilla made their relationship public a year after Diana, Princess of Wales, died in 1997.  DON'T MISS: Brexiteer says Extinction Rebellion demands would kill elderly [REPORT] Expert pinpoints 'disaster' in Meghan and Harry's relationship [REVEALED] Princess Anne delights Australian fans on brief visit [LATEST] Their first appearance in public came in 1999 when Charles threw a 50th birthday party for Camilla's sister at the Ritz. They married at a civil ceremony with Prince William acting as best man at Windsor Guildhall in April 2005 after announcing their engagement in February of the same year - 35 years after they first met. In an interview with CNN, Charles talked about his relationship with Camilla, saying: "It’s always marvellous to have somebody who, you know, you feel understands and wants to encourage. "Although she certainly pokes fun if I get too serious about things. And all that helps."  The Queen expressed her wish in February that the nation support both Camilla as Queen Consort and Charles as King. Camilla told diners at a community kitchen she felt "very honoured" and "very touched" by the Queen’s message backing her as future Queen Consort. Her Majesty said in the written message issued as she marked her Platinum Jubilee: "I would like to express my thanks to you all for your support. "I remain eternally grateful for and humbled by, the loyalty and affection that you continue to give me.  "And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service." When Camilla and Charles tied the knot, Buckingham Palace had said the Duchess of Cornwall would be given the title Princess Consort on Charles's accession. Camilla reportedly met the Queen for the first time in 2000 when she attended a 60th birthday celebration for the King of Greece at Charles’s Highgrove residence. It was considered a sign of approval on the Queen’s part. 