Royal reporter Neil Sean has called for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to lose their royal titles as they continue “making money” through their association with the Royal Family. Mr Sean claimed: "People feel the former royals are simply trading on their names”. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle continue to welcome addresses as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex despite their departure from the Royal family. Mr Sean suggested the Queen should “remove the titles,” to encourage the couple to earn income independently. Prince Harry and Meghan have “created a storm for the last two years,” argued Sean. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced their decision to “step back” from the Royal family in early 2020 and have now settled in California. Sean highlighted the couple continue to use their royal titles for “influencing” purposes to profit from their royal association. He argued Prince Harry and Meghan should complete their separation from Royal affairs by revoking their titles instead of exploiting the status for income. READ MORE: Prince Harry in 'fit of pique' after royal snub says Loose Women star “If they want to go it alone, why don’t they simply go out as themselves,” asked Sean. The royal reporter suggested money-making ventures by the couple would not be as successful if they revoked their titles. He declared the couple should act independently and “see whether people would be interested in them without their royal titles”. The cries come as Prince Harry is set to release a book published as a memoir of his life as a royal. Read more: Prince Harry blasted for ‘aligning with celebrities’ but snubbing UK In a controversial interview with Oprah Winfrey, Sean claimed Meghan Markle said “titles don’t mean anything to her.” Despite this declaration, Sean claims the couple “like to be introduced as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.” As part of their step down from the Royal family, Prince Harry and Meghan no longer use their HRH styling. The demand from Neil Sean follows news the couple will attend the Invictus Games in the Netherlands, their first international public appearance together since their move to California. Don't miss:Meghan and Harry will revisit relationship milestone at Invictus Games -[INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry should NOT travel to Holland for Invictus Games [POLL RESULTS]Is it time for Meghan Markle to have her royal title removed? [POLL] Prince Harry and Meghan continue to avoid visiting the UK amid claims of ‘"security concerns" for their family. The Prince is battling a case with the Home Office concerning the limitations of security provisions for him and his family within the UK. Prince Harry and Meghan were notably absent from the recent memorial service for the Duke of Edinburgh and have announced no future plans to visit the Prince’s family. The Prince claimed the event would be too risky to attend as he feared his US security team would not have sufficient access to UK intelligence needed to protect his wife and children.