Addressing the nation in a public broadcast, the Prime Minister said he “respects” the findings of the Metropolitan police and offered his “full apology”. Describing the events of June 19, 2020, on the day he turned 56, he said that “it did not occur” to him that he was breaking the law and pledged to focus now on the greater “problems” facing the British public.    He said: “Today I received a fixed penalty notice from the Metropolitan Police relating to an event in Downing Street on the June 19, 2020. “Let me say immediately that I have paid the fine and I, once again, offer a full apology. “I want to now be able to get on and deliver the mandate that I have but also tackle the problems the country must face right now. “I want to make sure that we get on delivering for the people in this country. That is my priority.”    He told the public that on the day of his birthday, he undertook eight engagements, including visiting a school in Hemel Hempstead, before hosting a “brief gathering” to celebrate turning 56. He said: “Amongst all my engagements, on a day that happened to be my birthday, there was a brief gathering in the cabinet room shortly after 2pm lasting for less than 10 minutes. “And I have to say, in all frankness, that at that time it did not occur to me that this might have been a breach of the rules. “But of course the police have found otherwise and I fully respect the outcome of their investigation.” READ MORE: Putin 'would prefer to deal with Keir' amid Boris quit calls - expert [INSIGHT]   Johnson said that he “understood the anger” that the public will feel regarding the fine, adding that “the people had the right to expect better” from him. The PM and his wife are believed to have paid £50 each regarding the fixed penalty notice handed to them earlier today. The sum is a reduced rate as the notice was settled within the first 14 days of being issued. Rishi Sunak is also among the Government figures included in the additional 30 fines handed out today. DON'T MISS: 'Did not occur to me' Boris REFUSES to resign over partygate as he vow [REPORT] Express letters: Boris is true leader that West needs [INSIGHT] Sunak’s political ambitions in tatters as Tory lauds partygate 'karma' [REPORT]   Sir Keir Starmer and Nicola Sturgeon led the calls for the PM to resign today, with a number of Labour MPs offering their own criticisms. Jess Phillips, the MP for Birmingham Yardley, questioned the veracity of Johnson’s claims that he had paid the fine given his previous history of lying. She said: “How am I meant to trust that he has paid the fine? Why am I to believe this statement and not the many others in parliament and on filmed interviews when he said the opposite?” Catherine McKinnell, a Labour backbencher, wrote: "How can you make rules for the country and then it not even occur to you to follow them yourself? "Apology and paid fine seriously not cutting it."   