Fury will put his WBC belt on the line when he faces Whyte at at a sold-out Wembley Stadium tonight. For the first time since 1993, two Britons are to battle it out for a heavyweight title in the UK.   But frustrated boxing fans have taken to social media to complain to Virgin Media that in spite of paying to watch the historic fight, all that they can see is a black screen. Twitter user katherineic fumed: "There is just a black screen after paying for it! On mine and others on Virgin". Mrfwon raged: "Been like this since just after 7pm. Rebooted router and boxes multiple times.  "Not acceptable and already missed loads of bouts! Sort it out, and quickly please!!!"   Fellow Twitter user H_J_Lodson chimed in: "Same issue! Didn't pay £25 for a black screen. Please fix it @virginmedia". Some fans have shared an error message which appears on their screens which reads: "We are currently experiencing technical difficulties and cannot bring you this channel at the present time." Mdi2929 had the same problem, they asked: "What is happening?"  Twitter user di_vest suggested resetting Virgin for live sport boxing to work, adding instructions on how to do so.  READ MORE ABOUT A UK TRADE REVOLUTION   They recommended that if that does not work to try turning the Virgin box off by the button at the back, leaving it for a minute and then switching it back on. Express.co.uk has attempted to contact Virgin Media. The media giant trailed the fight as "the biggest boxing event in UK history" with the "excitement" among sports fans described as "red-hot" since the clash was announced and building to fever pitch. Fans have been tuning in for live coverage on BT Sports Box Office with Virgin Media at a cost of £24.95. To watch, people must have a TiVo® box, Virgin TV V6 box, powered by TiVo®, or Virgin TV 360 box.  DON'T MISS: DIY mum uses clever hacks to transform bathroom for under £30 [REVEALED] US interview shows Harry's huge 'resentment' towards William [LATEST] Bitter Scots Nats erupt at St George's Day after Sturgeon tweet [REPORT]  If Fury, 33, successfully defends his title against Whyte, also 33, many fans want to see him take on Anthony Joshua. However, that will probably only happen if AJ beats Oleksandr Usyk, who is holder of the WBA, IBF and WBO belts. Should Whyte win, he will be just as keen to face Joshua as their rivalry stretches back to 2009 when they were amateurs. For tonight, the Gypsy King weighed in at 264.8lbs - almost a stone lighter than his last fight - while the Body Snatcher totalled 253.25lbs.  Despite the Body Snatcher’s previous attacks on his heavyweight rival, the pair showed each other total respect as they came face-to-face at the weigh-in. Fury roared to the crowd: "You guys are f****** unbelievable! "Come on UK! I'm so happy to be back here fighting at Wembley Stadium and you people made it happen - you all made it happen. "Big shout out and respect to Dillian Whyte and his team, they're proper professional men and we're going to give you a real fight! Don't doubt us, we're going to give you a real fight, a real war." 