The Duchess of Sussex announced last year that she wrote her book ‘The Bench’ following a poem she wrote for Prince Harry for his first Father’s Day in 2019. In the press release from Random House Children’s Books, Ms Markle stated: “The Bench started as a power I wrote for my husband on Father’s Day, the month after Archie was born.  “That poem became this story.” The press statement also described Meghan as “a mother, wife, feminist, and activist” who “resides in her home state of California with her family, two dogs, and a growing flock of rescue chickens". The picture book is illustrated by Caldecott-winning artist Christian Robinson. Robinson had worked closely with the Duchess during the project.   Ms Markle said: “Christian layered in beautiful and ethereal watercolour illustrations that capture the warmth, joy, and comfort of the relationship between fathers and sons from all walks of life; this representation was particularly important to me, and Christian and I worked closely to depict this special bond through an inclusive lens.” She added: “My hope is that The Bench resonates with every family, no matter the makeup, as much as it does with mine.” According to insiders, the Duchess is set to conduct a ‘secret reading’ of her book to children at the British Embassy tent at the Invictus Games in The Netherlands. Sources told the Sun that the ‘secret reading’ will take place as Prince Harry and Meghan are filming a documentary with Netflix about the games for injured military veterans. READ MORE: Putin's World War 3 threat torpedoed It is unknown if the book reading will be included in the documentary ‘Heart of Invictus’. When the book was released last year, it soared to the top of the New York Times Bestsellers list for children’s picture books. However, in its first week in the UK, it sold only 3,212 copies trailing behind the books of Richard Osman and Marcus Rashford. The first reviews of The Bench were mixed. One said: “The book’s storytelling and illustration give us snapshots of shared moments that evoke a deep sense of warmth.” DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Should young royals start taking over more duties? (POLL)The Queen gifted Beatrice & Eugenie a £4.2m home in 1997 they rejected (REVEAL)‘Easiest way’ to make homemade compost ‘without spending a penny’ (INSIGHT)  Another added it was “soothing, loving, although a little schmaltzy in places.” However, another reviewer stated: “One wonders how any publisher could have thought fit to publish this grammar-defying set of badly rhyming cod homilies, let alone think any child anywhere would want to read it. “But that’s planet Sussex for you, where even the business of raising a family is all about the brand.” 