Thomas Tuchel has revealed that he apologised to Conor Gallagher over the decision that will see him miss the FA Cup semi-final this weekend against his parent club Chelsea. Crystal Palace travel to Wembley Stadium looking to cause a major upset on Sunday but the Eagles will have to do it without their midfield marvel, who is not eligible for the fixture.  Gallagher's loan from Chelsea means that he is banned from featuring against the Blues in any competition this season. That did not stop Palace from submitting a cheeky request to play Gallagher at Wembley, but it was quickly denied by the European champions. Now Tuchel has explained how he offered an apology to Gallagher after bumping into the England international at a local restaurant while out for dinner. "I had the chance to speak to Conor. I could see his frustration. We met some weeks ago by coincidence in a restaurant," Tuchel said. READ MORE: Man Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal "The subject came up, I apologised because I know how competitive he is. We play to win the game." Palace boss Patrick Vieira, who has managed to get the best out of Gallagher this season at Selhurst Park, was frustrated by Chelsea's decision. The Frenchman was of the belief that Chelsea would later reap the rewards of Gallagher gaining crucial experience by playing in a game of this magnitude. “It’s not the best rule because the only one who will lose is Conor,” said Vieira.  “Paying that kind of game, the importance of it, it’s an experience the player is missing and I’m disappointed for him. "He has played all the games so far and if there’s somebody who deserves to be in the semi-final, it’s him because of his performances. I’m disappointed he won’t be able to play.” It's been quite the season for Gallagher since making the switch to Croydon following his loan spell with West Bromwich Albion last season. He's scored eight times and assisted five goals in 32 outings in all competitions this season. His talent has also caught the eye of Gareth Southgate, who handed him his senior England debut in March against Switzerland. Gallagher was named Man of the Match in the 2-1 win and is currently on course to make the Three Lions' World Cup squad for Qatar. Chelsea are expected to keep Gallagher when he returns to Cobham at the end of the season, although he is unlikely to be short of interest. Tuchel was said to be hugely impressed by his contributions in pre-season last summer.