The man from Bath, who runs a community trust which provides food for those in need, demanded change for people in poverty exclaiming “they need it now.” He went on to explain that professional people were being forced to use food banks as they “can’t afford” to put food on the table and families are being given food they “can’t afford”.  He said: “I run a community trust locally here in Bath, and this Christmas we went out and fed 30 families their Christmas dinner. “These are children who are suffering and not having food. “More and more professional people, nurses, doctors, professional people are using foodbanks because they can’t afford to put food on the table. “We have families that are choosing when they are going to foodbanks.  “And they are offered food, they can’t afford to cook the food that they may be getting offered. “It’s just not acceptable and it’s time for change. “People need help now, not in the future they need it now, right now.” It comes as Britain is hit by a cost of living crisis exacerbated by the sanctions placed on Russia following their invasion of Ukraine. READ MORE:FMQs: Sturgeon brutally skewered over '£250M' blunder  However, the roots of the crisis lay in the fall of real incomes experienced in the UK since the autumn of 2021, which have been adjusted by tax. This has led to a rapid increase in prices of many consumer goods as well as petrol and energy. The disruption to the global supply chain as the result of coronavirus lockdowns and the sudden increase in demand once restrictions were eased has resulted in concerns around supply, pushing prices up. Critics of the Government have argued Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s recent spring statement, in particular the 1.25 percent increase in national insurance, has done little to help those in poverty who are most likely to be badly affected by the cost of living crisis. DON'T MISS:   Brexit LIVE: Leaving bloc unshackles UK outlook on crop production [REVEAL] Fury over hated deal as Boris accused of 'broken promises' [INSIGHT] Boris sent Brexit ultimatum as Sinn Fein to carve up UK 'within weeks' [SPOTLIGHT]  A recent report from the Resolution Foundation warned that without more financial support the poorest families, around 1.3 million people, will fall into absolute poverty in the next year.