This week we’re explaining clairvoyant scams. Psychic and clairvoyant scams happen when a criminal usually writes you an email, a letter or may call you to tell you they have seen something either wonderful or terrible in your future. The criminal will ask for money to provide more information, luck, or good fortune to get you through the wonderful or terrible thing. The criminal may offer a solution in return for money. For example, we’ve seen letters where people have been told that if they don’t send money, something very bad will happen to their family. Or if they don’t send money, they will lose the opportunity to have something amazing happen, like winning the lottery. READ MORE: Urgent energy bills scam phone call warning - Britons targeted amid cost of living crisis These scams play on fear and on social isolation, they also play on people’s optimism and hope. The criminals will use time pressure to make people send money quickly, not giving them the proper time to think about the decision they’re making. It may also only be a small amount of money, so it doesn’t feel like a huge risk. These criminals do this to millions of people, therefore earning a huge amount of money over time. DON'T MISSUkraine crisis shock: Disgusting scammers set up fake charities to cash in [SCAMS] New Lloyds scam - 'If it's seems fishy - you're probably right' [WARNING] Brits becoming less trusting - due to constant suspicious messages [ANALYSIS] Remember if it sounds too good to be true, it often is. Take five, take a deep breath, have a cup of tea, think about how a stranger knows what is going to happen in your future, and take the fear away. Q1 My mum doesn’t live near me and I worry she may receive these sorts of letters, how can I protect her? Scambusters say: Do the Friends Against Scams training on www.friendsagainstscams.org.uk and cascade those messages to your mum. If you think they have been targeted by a scam, it's key to report it so that we can drive up the intelligence in the fraud space. Report this sort of letter to Action Fraud or Police Scotland. Consider the Mail Preference Service and agencies such as Trading Standards or Adult Social Care to get extra support. Scams are also financial abuse, so Adult Social Care may be able to support them. Tip of the week Never give your personal details to someone who’s contacted you out of the blue. If you receive any communication where someone says anything that you find slightly suspicious, use your instincts. Stop and take five, speak to a trusted friend, neighbour, or relative. Show them the letters. If you’re being asked to keep secrets, immediately be suspicious. Stop others from being cybercrime victims by reporting scams and suspicious emails. Forward the scam email to report@phishing.