With the invasion of Ukraine now entering its third month, Moscow has seen a reported 22,400 troops lose their lives, as well as a host of military hardware put out of action by Ukrainian defences. Russian forces have now moved focus to the Donbas region in eastern Ukraine where attempts are being made to claim territory to build a land bridge between Russia and the already annexed Crimea peninsula.  In a report by the Kyiv Independent, the latest claims of figures published will come an unwanted shock to Putin as his forces rage on. Aside from the huge loss of human life, many of whom are young Russian conscripts, the Kremlin has also seen 185 fighter planes destroyed, as well as nearly 1,000 tanks. The invading nation has also suffered the loss of over 150 helicopters and more than 400 artillery units. Staying on the ground, Kyiv reports over 2,300 Russian armoured personnel carriers have been obliterated since the start of the war.  Taking to the seas, Ukraine claims 8 Russian ships have been destroyed, including the flagship of the Black Sea, the Moskva, which was allegedly hit by Ukrainian missiles sending the vessel to the bottom of the sea as flames and smoke poured out of the hull. Further in the list, 149 MLR’s, 1,666 vehicles, 76 fuel tanks and 71 anti-aircraft batteries have been taken out. Back in the skies, Russia has also lost over 200 drones according to sources within Ukraine. Reports from this morning showed Russia suffered an arms depot loss when Ukrainian missiles are alleged to have struck the storage unit deep within Russian soil. The sound of anti-aircraft fire was heard in the town of Belgorord as the explosion took place, suggesting the incident was not an accident.  READ MORE:Putin loses it – Russia targets hundreds of UK MPs in new onslaught Reacting to the news of Russian losses, social media was alight with comments. Le Boucher said: “Just a couple of days before the 1,000 Tanks celebration”Whilst Antonio Garcia added: “The heavy vehicle loss is extraordinary. “They are gonna average 20 tanks over the next days/weeks, this is absolutely crazy!” Messypouokam said: “All this loss, just for one man proud. “We must all stand for freedom, peace and democracy Glory for Ukraine.” Speaking of the losses to senior Russian military officials, Old Farmer said: “I still think you need a special entry for generals. “Could compete with the boat numbers.” DON'T MISS:Bury St Edmunds: Man dead, woman fighting for life after attack [APPEAL]Royal Navy warship spotted off North Wales coast [REPORT]Horror after major rise in seal attacks [INSIGHT]  The Peach asked: “How can Putin finance this war for much longer” speaking of the likely financial and economic costs of losing so much. Jose Marulanda commented on the supply of much-needed arms to Ukraine from Western allies. He said: “Those numbers will increase dramatically with the armament provided by Western countries.” However, there was some scepticism about the news. Many commentators, including Max-Art said: “Provide us with the Ukrainian combat losses too.” Whilst Brandusan added: “Maybe the numbers are pumped for propaganda.“Still good job Ukraine.”  Fears are now mounting over the risk of the war spreading west into mainland Europe as Putin increases his assault on Ukraine. A series of mysterious explosions in Moldova has raised the threat of Russia’s war in Ukraine spilling over into new territory, with unpredictable consequences. The blasts destroyed radio antennas in a Russian-garrisoned sliver of eastern Moldova along the Ukrainian border, Transnistria, which had been peaceful since a brief conflict in 1992 waged by Kremlin-backed separatists against the Moldovan army. So far, both EU nation-states and NATO have refused to become directly embroiled in the war through fear of wider and graver consequences. All attempts at diplomacy have also so far failed to bring any results. 