Gary Lineker has reignited his fierce row with Richard Madeley, branding the Good Morning Britain host “patronising and bullying” over a debate about an oil protest. Richard had laid into a Just Stop Oil protestor on the show earlier this week. Climate activist Miranda Whelehan was defending Just Stop Oil, which has disrupted supplies from three oil terminals in England. In a row that got heated, Richard told Miranda: “‘Just Stop Oil’ slogan is very playground-ish, isn’t it, it’s very Vicky Pollard, it’s quite childish.” Miranda responded that she thinks the answer is, in fact, “very simple”. Today, Gary replied to video clip of the controversial segment on Twitter, and made his thoughts clear. “Seeing the interview in its entirety is sickening, but at the same time the bullying & patronising nature of it is getting plenty of coverage for what is the most crucial time for our future existence on this planet,” he wrote, in view of his 8.4million followers. “Only one person came out of this well & that’s Miranda Whelehan”. It’s not the first time Gary has taken aim at Richard for his treatment of his guest. When the debate aired, the official GMB Twitter account posted a clip, captioned: “'I think the children and the future deserve that.' “Just Stop Oil activists protested across London this weekend to demand an end to the fossil fuel economy. “Meanwhile, the cost of living crisis means many people are paying more & more for fuel. “Are oil protests justified?” A furious Gary replied: “The protest, whether you agree with them or not, got the eloquent young woman on to national television to talk about the likely catastrophe.  “Madeley is deeply patronising and dismissive of someone who understands their future is in grave danger." The TV pundit concluded: “Desperate times and all that….” (sic) On his latest post criticising Richard, Gary’s followers have shared their thoughts. Richard Shipston replied: “Pretty sure the whole point Miranda Whelehan was trying to make is that she wishes all our clothes and products were not in some way dependent on oil. “That has to be obvious surely, even to Madeley. Her sadness at the reactions was eloquent and dignified.” Dalton Jones added: “She handled herself very well. Unlike Madeley and Turner. They didn’t listen, certainly did not grasp what she was saying. “Far more interested in bullying & patronising her. Never heard of Miranda previously but I’m impressed & keen to hear more from her. Well done young lady”. But others hit out at Gary, accusing him of being out of touch with working people and pointing out his love of cars, which do not help the environment.