Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff has suggested there is one other driver in F1 that is the best in the world along with Lewis Hamilton and George Russell. The silver arrows have endured an indifferent start to the 2022 season, sitting just third in the constructor's table behind Red Bull and Ferrari. Russell lies fourth in the driver’s standings while Hamilton sits seventh - and the team will be hoping for an improvement come the inaugural Miami GP next month. Despite his team’s early-season struggles, Wolff maintains the belief improvements will be made and has complete faith in his two drivers. “I couldn’t be happier with the driver line-up; in that respect I think we have the two best drivers, maybe two of the three best drivers,” Wolff told the F1 website. “They deserve a car and a power unit that fights at the front rather than them being lapped. That’s not what any of them deserves.” Last weekend’s Imola GP was a complete disaster for Hamilton, who finished just 13th, while Russell brought his car home in fourth. The Austrian commented on his excitement at seeing how well the Mercedes duo gel together. JUST IN: McLaren investigating employee after posts calling Lewis Hamilton a 'w****r' and a 'p****'   “I’m very impressed with how [George has] settled in, how professionally and analytically he helps to assess the situation,” Wolff added. “The combination is one of the very few highlights I have at the moment on our journey – how well the two of them work together, with no friction; on the contrary, [they're] very productive and positive for the team.” Hamilton has endured his worst start to an F1 season since 2009, securing just one podium finish and placed P13 last Sunday in Imola. Hamilton was well off the pace in Italy and Wolff was unequivocal when he called the seven-time champion “the best driver in the world” – adding that the issues the 37-year-old is facing stem from the Mercedes W13 itself, rather than the driver. “Well, you know in a way I have to protect him here. It’s not his low. It’s the low of the car performance,” Wolff continued. “We know that he is a seven-time world champion. He caught up last year, him and us the team caught up and nearly fought for the championship. DON'T MISS  “The guy is the best driver in the world, and he’s just not having a machine and equipment underneath him to be able to execute... In a way I think it’s irrelevant if you come in eighth or 12th or 15th, it doesn’t matter; it’s all bad. But the real stars recover. “There are none out there of the really great ones that come into my mind that didn’t have certain moments in their career where things didn’t run properly, and that is the case now with him since a long time. “He’s going to help the team to sort things out, we are sticking together through good and bad times and today [at Imola] was certainly a very bad day.” 