Death in Paradise fans were left gutted following the finale of series 11 after beloved character Florence Cassell (played by Josephine Jobert) left the show. The detective decided to leave Saint Marie after taking part in a dangerous undercover mission where she almost got shot. She also left her colleague Neville Parker (Ralf Little) gutted when she rejected his romantic advances. However, in a new interview, the actress who played Florence opened up about her new role since leaving the show. Josephine spoke with her former co-star Tahj Miles, who plays police officer Marlon Pryce in Death in Paradise. She explained she works with her mum a lot and most recently, they have collaborated on a new series. "We work together three or four times a week," the actress began. "We've just finished a series which takes place between Paris and London." She continued: "This might be a cool production, it's really nice...comedy, action, suspense. "Honestly, it's really nice I don't want to be humble, it is really cool." The Florence Cassell star went on to explain she and her mum also have three other movie ideas. "And five series," she added to Tahj in his Table Read podcast. "Way too many. So we have finished a series and we're working on another movie." "I am really interested in Netflix and Amazon and other platforms more than TV," she explained. "I know in French TV, our project is too big, Netflix would be amazing. We're looking for contacts." Elsewhere in the interview, Josephine discussed how she landed her role in Death in Paradise. She admitted before she landed the role as Florence, she'd auditioned for a guest role. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star Ralf Little on ‘vindication’ of Neville [INSIGHT]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [NEWS]Channel 4 air Grease despite calls to never be shown again [REACTION] However, because she was unable to speak much English at the time, Josephine got turned down for the role. She recalled: "Funny fact before I auditioned for Florence, I auditioned two years earlier for another character, a guest actor. "But my English at that time isn't what it is today. I did the first audition and then I had a callback and they gave me a script and I had to read the script. "However, it was the first time I had seen the script so I didn't have the chance to practice before, and so I didn't get the job." "I auditioned with the casting director and for the callback, they gave me a scene to read but because my English wasn't that good at the time, reading a scene...it was difficult," Josephine added. "I didn't get the job but thankfully, three years later I auditioned for Florence and for a main character. "Sometimes when things don't happen and you're like 'Oh, it's a shame' but it's for a good reason." Series 12 of Death in Paradise has already been confirmed and will see the return of Ralf Little as Neville Parker. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.