Under leadership of Jeremy Corbyn before he departed in April 2020 following a disastrous general election result that saw several Red Wall constituencies turn against it, the Labour Party continued to change its stance on Brexit. Sir Keir, who at the time was Shadow Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union, prominently joined Mr Corbyn in campaigning for a second referendum on the issue. Since taking over as Labour leader and the completion of Brexit, Sir Keir Starmer has remained relatively tight-lipped on the issue, recently ruling out the UK re-joining the EU. But former Brexit minister Lord Frost has warned Sir Keir could risk being "about as welcome in the Red Wall as Vladimir Putin in downtown Kyiv". He wrote in The Daily Telegraph: "On the fringes of politics the unreconciled Remainers are regrouping. The #brexitshambles hashtag is seen once again on Twitter. "Andrew Adonis’s European Movement says that 'Brexit has failed. We were lied to. It’s time to rethink'. "Nick Macpherson, the former permanent secretary at the Treasury, says 'the effect on growth from Brexit is tangible'. "Lord Barwell, the former Downing Street chief of staff, is even trying to rehabilitate his and Theresa May’s terrible backstop deal from 2019. "Sir Keir Starmer can see that getting too close to any of these people will make him about as welcome in the Red Wall as Vladimir Putin in downtown Kyiv. "Nevertheless he can’t ignore his supporters and therefore has to say that 'a poorly thought-through Brexit is holding Britain back'." Elsewhere, Lord Frost took another huge swipe at Remainers, rubbishing their claims that Brexit is "already failing". READ MORE: Have your say: Has Boris delivered on Brexit? He said the “ex-Remain movement” are regrouping and aiming to keep Britain “aligned with the EU, using the Northern Ireland Protocol as a weapon”. Last month, the latest trade figures showed UK goods exports have in part underperformed in what some pro-EU supports have claimed could be a sign Brexit is already hitting the country's trade performance. Lord Frost countered: "Of course there is little chance of a serious 'rejoin' campaign developing in the short term. "The leaders of the pro-EU cause recognise that themselves. Instead, their aim is to keep us aligned with the EU, often using the Northern Ireland Protocol as a weapon. DON'T MISSEU chief sparks fury over Russia comparison [REACTION]Scots voters brand SNP a 'disgrace' and shun Sturgeon [COMMENTS]Lord Frost rubbishes claims of failed Brexit [OPINION] "They know that if the UK doesn’t diverge much from EU law, it will be much easier to take us back in later if events work in their favour. "To do this they have to get it established in the public mind that somehow Brexit is 'already failing', and thus destroy our nerve to do things our own way. "Their picture of Britain is not the one the rest of us see: living with Covid successfully, leading on Ukraine, coming out of the economic downturn faster than Germany, and with PMI business confidence levels higher than the eurozone or the US. "Instead, they try to suggest that, whatever problems the world has, we in Britain have them worse." He added it is "almost impossible to draw any firm conclusions from the trade figures" amid the "noise" of the recovery from the Covid pandemic, trade re-routing, and "methodological change". The former Brexit minister pointed out positives from the trade figured, mocking Remainers and quipping it is "hardly the catastrophe that many are claiming". Lord Frost said: "To get a sense of the orders of magnitude, goods exports to the EU in the last three months of 2018 – the last relatively normal year – were £43.2 billion. "In the last three months of 2021, the figure was £42.4 billion – a fall of two per cent. Exports to the rest of the world over the same period grew by just under four per cent. "So maybe the short-run Brexit effect is 5-6 per cent, with every chance of catching up further as traders continue to get used to the new arrangements. Hardly the catastrophe that many are claiming."