NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg defended the defence provisions NATO has given to Ukraine so far and spoke of the dual responsibility the organisation must fulfill. He added that though there were examples of the organisation intervening to prevent war crimes in the past, such as in Kosovo before the turn of the millennium, they could not risk a “much more dangerous” conflict this time around. Channel 4 presenter Matt Fei brought up the 1998-9 Kosovan War during an interview with the Secretary-General, asking why the same NATO intervention could not be replicated in Ukraine. Mr Frei said: “In the late nineties, NATO got involved in Kosovo because of Serbian war crimes committed there. “Serbia was not a member of NATO, nor was Kosovo, which, of course, was part of Serbia at the time. “This was an out of area operation conducted by NATO to stop war crimes from being committed. Why don’t we do the same with Ukraine?” Mr Stoltenberg responded: “NATO has two main responsibilities. One is to provide support to Ukraine. We do that and we see the effect of that every day on the battlefield. “Anti-tank weapons. Area defence systems shooting down Russian planes and destroying a lot of Russian armour. “But we also have another responsibility and that is to prevent this conflict from escalating beyond Ukraine and becoming a full-fledged European war between NATO and Russia. “That is why we will not send NATO troops in on the ground, because a full-fledged war would cause even more death and destruction and be much more dangerous than the conflict in Ukraine.” READ MORE: 'Asking for same as day one' Ukrainians growing frustrated [REVEAL] Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky accused NATO of holding an “absurd fear” of Russia on Sunday, on what marked the 14th anniversary of the Bucharest summit that saw Ukraine and Georgia’s hopes of membership indefinitely delayed. In a compromise in 2008, neither country was permitted a formal “membership action plan”, since Germany and France believed that would escalate tensions with Russia, but they were told membership would eventually be a reality. But speaking at the end of last week, Zelensky said of Germany and France: “They thought that by refusing Ukraine, they could appease Russia, to convince it to respect Ukraine and live normally alongside us.” Addressing the countries' former leaders, he added: “I invite Ms. Merkel and Mr. Sarkozy to visit Bucha, to see what the policy of 14 years of concessions to Russia has led to. See with your own eyes the tortured and slain Ukrainians.” DON'T MISS: Lethal 'kamikaze' drones to hunt in pairs to destroy Russian artillery [INSIGHT] Johnson must send heavy weaponry to Ukraine to stop Russia [REPORT] US reveals hypersonic missile test, risks escalating Russia tension [REVEAL] Angela Merkel has since said she stands by her decision in 2008 to effectively refuse membership to Ukraine and Georgia, despite both countries having been invaded by Russia following the summit. Russian President Vladimir Putin has routinely opposed Ukraine’s joining of NATO, and Zelensky’s continued hopes of membership have been abandoned to maximise the chance of a ceasefire. But since the brutal massacres discovered in Bucha and other villages surrounding the city of Ukraine, NATO has pledged to bring “to justice” the Russian forces. Stoltenberg said yesterday: “Targeting and murdering civilians is a war crime. All the facts must be established and all those responsible for these atrocities must be brought to justice.” NATO’s foreign ministers are meeting this week to discuss the situation in Russia, with increased weapons provision, humanitarian assistance, and financial aid an expected outcome of the talks.