Breakfast presenter Dan Walker confirmed in a recent video on Twitter he’d be leaving his long-running role as one of the BBC’s top presenters in a matter of weeks. Viewers and bookmakers have since been trying to pinpoint which of his colleagues is best suited to replace him once he makes the move to Channel 5, with sports presenter Mike Bushell currently in one of the top spots. Mike is one of the biggest favourites to replace Dan following his exit from BBC Breakfast, according to bookies’ latest odds. The list of potential successors also includes Jon Kay, who also regularly hosts the Breakfast show. Ladbrokes’ Alex Apati said: “It would hardly be a surprise if Jon Kay were to get the gig as Dan Walker's replacement. “And with the latest odds boasting the likes of Gethin Jones and Mike Bushell at the head of the betting, it looks as though BBC chiefs will very much be keeping it in the family.” READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ Morning Live’s Gethin is also a top favourite, in addition to The One Show presenter and former midfielder Jermaine Jenas. Ladbrokes currently have Mike at 4/1 to replace Dan when he makes his official departure in the next few weeks. His final day with the BBC has yet to be determined, but his announcement on April 4 confirmed it would be coming soon. “In the next few weeks I will be leaving BBC Breakfast and moving to 5 News and to Channel 5,” he told his 754.4k Twitter followers. “I'm really excited but this has also been a massive decision for me because I love BBC Breakfast, I love working alongside Sally and I love the team there. “But Channel 5 came with big ambitions, with big plans and I don't think opportunities like this come around very often and I can't wait.” Dan will be replacing former anchor Sian Williams, who quit her Channel 5 position after 20 years of broadcasting to pursue other passions. BBC Breakfast would be in safe hands if Mike were to step in as Dan’s replacement, having been with the BBC News channel since its launch in 1997. DON'T MISS:Christine Quinn storms out of brokers meeting after Selling Sunset row [LATEST]NCIS: LA’s LL Cool J lines up new TV role [NEWS]Yellowstone season 5 theory: Monica’s death sealed by vision clues [THEORY] Both he and Dan have also taken part in Strictly Come Dancing in recent years, with Mike and his partner Katya Jones becoming the seventh couple to be eliminated in 2019. Mike recently made a crack at weather presenter Carol Kirkwood, another fan-favourite, when Dan implied she would be a fitting replacement. Dan tweeted a screenshot of an article suggesting Carol could co-host with Sally Nugent once he had left. He posted a photo of Carol, and wrote: “Good morning Carol. All the best with your new job.” He added a winking emoji to indicate he was joking, though Mike may not have been so sure. Mike simply wrote “What ? Noooo”, and added a stream of shocked emojis to his reply. Could this be a hint Mike is in the running to replace Dan once he presents his final Breakfast broadcast in a couple of weeks? Whoever is decided to take on one of the top TV positions in the country, viewers should probably expect the BBC to remain in-house when it comes to electing Dan’s successor. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.