If you get an email from Amazon warning that your account has been suspended and all orders have been cancelled, you need to be on high alert. The mammoth online retailer is being targeted by scammers, who are using the popularity of the brand to trick customers into handing over personal details, including full usernames and passwords. The nasty hack, which has been spotted by Express.co.uk, claims that users are about to be locked out of their accounts permanently due to suspicious activity. If there is an email in your inbox that matches that description – be incredibly careful. The scam message urges customers to click a link within three days to complete an "account recovery" or risk losing total access to the platform. That's a pretty scary warning and it's very easy to see why some might be tempted to do what they are being told. The full message reads, "Hello, We have temporarily placed your Amazon account and cancelled all orders because we detected unusual activity. Click the button below and follow the on-screen instructions to recover your account. After you complete the requested task, we will review and respond within 24 hours. If you don't complete account recovery within 3 days, we will lock your amazon account permanently. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused." This is followed by an orange box – exactly like the links found on the Amazon website – that asks users to "Sign-In To Amazon". If you receive this email, it's vital to delete it without delay. Explaining more about scams and what to watch out for Amazon said in post on its security pages: "Spoof or phishing emails are fraudulent emails attempting to get your personal information. They are generally made to look like they are coming from Amazon." If you receive an e-mail claiming to be from Amazon, and you suspect it is a spoof or phishing e-mail, here are some things you can look out for: If you've already clicked on the link, you need to act fast. The scam website that's linked in the email is designed to steal your username and password ...so you'll need to change the password used for your Amazon account as soon as possible. If you've used the same email address and password combination for a number of different websites, then you need to change your password for all of those websites. It's possible the bad actors will attempt to use the same username-password to attempt to login to different sites.