Residents near Ushaw Moor cemetery in County Durham reported seeing a "small fire" early this morning and alerted emergency services. They dashed to the graveyard and have erected a forensic tent, as they probe the emergency. But a man was pronounced dead at the scene, the fire service has confirmed. It is believed he had been reported missing. A spokesman for Durham Police said: "Sadly a man was found deceased at the scene," a spokesperson for the police said. "Enquiries are ongoing to confirm his identity but officers believe it to be that of a missing man and his family are in the process of being notified. "It is not believed there are any suspicious circumstances and a file will be prepared for the coroner. "No graves have been affected. "The cemetery will be closed for the remainder of today but is expected to reopen tomorrow and we would like to thank the public for their patience."  One shocked local told Chronicle Live: "I woke up at about 6.10am. I looked out the curtains and saw a fire, it was a small fire. I thought it was kids, as you sometimes get. "I came downstairs and thought it doesn't look good. So, I phoned for the fire service. The fire service arrived and put out the fire. "They put tape around the area then the police arrived at around 6.30am. Then a forensics van arrived. "It's not what I expected in the morning. "Police called me and asked me what I had seen."  A spokesperson for County Durham and Darlington Fire and Rescue Service (CDDFRS) said: "We were alerted at 6.08am this morning (Thursday, April, 28) to reports of a fire in a cemetery on Broom Lane, Ushaw Moor. CDDFRS control mobilised two crews to the scene. "Despite the best efforts of emergency services, a man was very sadly pronounced dead at the scene. Our thoughts are very much with his family, friends and the wider community at this difficult time." The cemetery has been cordoned off by Durham Police, who have been approached for further comment. Multiple ambulances and fire engines have also been spotted at the scene, which is in an old pit village just west of Durham. A spokesperson for North East Ambulance Service said: "We were called to an incident at Ushaw Moor cemetery at 6.19am this morning. We dispatched one ambulance crew, but are unable to provide any further comment." 