Jeremy Vine welcomed guests Kevin McGuire and Carole Malone onto Wednesday's Channel 5 show where they discussed Boris Johnson's apology over partygate. The Prime Minister issued a statement in Parliament on Tuesday, where he claimed he wasn't aware he'd broken the law when he attended a gathering at Downing Street at the height of the pandemic. The Prime Minister's apology has caused a stir among the Labour Party, and it was the hot topic of discussion on Jeremy Vine. The host invited viewers to call in to give their thoughts on whether Mr Johnson should resign. However, one caller called Gemma branded the Prime Minister a "liar" as she detailed the heartbreak she faced losing her daughter in the pandemic. "What is it? Is it because you don't believe what he says?" Jeremy asked her. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revenge Gemma fumed: "He's a total liar. He didn't even mean his apology." The caller struggled to hold back tears as she explained: "My daughter passed away last July and we had been shielding for two years. "She wasn't allowed to see anybody because she had an immune deficiency and she was disabled. "The first time she got out of shielding was for a hospital appointment and that was the last day she was allowed out of the house." "She passed away five weeks later," the heartbroken mum added. "But she wasn't allowed a lot of visitors or anything like that. She saw like three people." "Did she get COVID-19, did she?" the host went on to ask. "No, she didn't get COVID," Gemma replied. "But she hadn't seen a doctor or had a doctor's appointment in the two years we were shielding. "Nobody got out of the house at all because of her deficiency, but she did die in hospital last year. Oh, sorry, I'm shaking." DON'T MISS...Ukraine general forced to sit out war freed 'Banged up in Germany' [VIDEO]Death in Paradise star on why BBC bosses made costume 'too big' [INSIGHT]Owen Jones savages Blair's calls for more people to go to uni [REACTION] Jeremy asked: "Did it make it worse when you heard Boris Johnson speaking yesterday?" Gemmer raged: "I can't even look at him on my tele, I want to throw something at it, he makes me sick." Caller John from Manchester also spoke with Jeremy about why he wants Mr Johnson to resign. He explained he was unable to see his grandchildren during the pandemic because he is disabled. Viewers took to social media following the segment, with many sending their love to Gemma. Alethea Bernard tweeted: "Oh God Gemma, I just want to give you a big hug." Karen Cousins wrote: "I hope that someone will offer Gemma some help. She is clearly really struggling. How awful for her." While Fi went on to comment: "Gemma needs some mental health support and grief counselling, I hope the studio will provide both for her bless her." Jeremy Vine airs weekdays at 9.15am on Channel 5.