A vast number of motorists in the UK are unaware that their vehicles contain an SOS button that could be life-saving in the event of an accident. And, drivers are now being urged to thoroughly inspect their cars in search of the eCall system. Legislation that was introduced in 2018 meant that all new cars and vans had to be fitted with eCall. The system consists of a button fitted inside a vehicle. In the event of a serious incident, the airbags will be triggered and sensors will activate the feature. The vehicle’s location will then be sent to a 999 operator and the system will allow passengers to speak to emergency services. READ MORE: New Highway Code laws needed before huge driving law changes this year The fact that eCall sends precise coordinates means that emergency crews can track down the vehicle and attend the incident faster. The feature can also be manually activated. The eCall could be a valuable alternative to a mobile phone, especially if you are unable to use it or have lost consciousness. Mel Clarke, Customer Services Director at National Highways, said: "Safety is our priority at National Highways. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis gives desperate drivers fuel saving tips [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of 18 month waiting times for new electric cars [WARNING]How much could you save by changing to an electric vehicle? [REVEAL] “The emergency call (eCall) system and its SOS button could save lives and revolutionise road incident response on the roads, yet our research shows that most people do not know about it. “I urge drivers to check if they have this safety feature installed, particularly if your vehicle was manufactured since April 2018, and to follow our advice about how and when to use it", Manchester Evening News reported. All cars and vans that were built for passengers since April 2018 have the eCall fitted and it will be automatically triggered in a collision. The life-saving SOS button is usually located near the top of the windscreen or on the steering wheel. A survey carried out in March 2021 found that a vast number of motorists did not know it existed. Motorists were also using the feature for non-emergency calls. Mike Hawes, Chief Executive at Society for Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT) said: "SMMT is pleased to be working with National Highways to build greater awareness and understanding of the emergency call (eCall) system its SOS button functions in vehicles. “This initiative is vitally important to inform and remind consumers of their cars’ additional safety measures including the ability to call for assistance in times of trouble." The feature is meant to be used by anyone who needs help because they have stopped in a live traffic lane, they are not able to exit a car safely, they can see someone else needing emergency help, they are experiencing a medical emergency, they are in a dangerous/vulnerable location. If drivers cannot exit the vehicle to find a place of safety, they are advised to remain in the vehicle with seatbelts and hazard warning lights on. They can call 999 by pushing the eCall SOS button or using a mobile phone. If motorists see a hazard on the road or a vehicle driving in the wrong direction, they can also use the system. During an incident in which the air-bags are triggered, vehicle sensors will activate the onboard eCall system and send vehicle details including location and direction of travel when contacting a 999 operator. The emergency services will use the vehicle’s safety feature to speak, and ask for more information to respond appropriately. Andy Rooke from the UK 999 Liaison Committee, and the Vice-President of British Association of Public Safety Communications Officials said: "British APCO are pleased to be able to support this initiative from National Highways, in providing clear guidance on the correct use of the emergency call (eCall) system. “When vehicle occupants use this facility for general enquiries, 999 operators are unable to send life-saving help to those that really need it. “When used properly in the event of an emergency incident, eCall provides vital information to the police, fire or ambulance services, reducing their response time and ensuring they are better prepared on arrival." By the end of 2025, the eCall system is expected to be fitted in over 12.6 million cars and vans. Steve Gooding, Director of RAC Foundation said: "There are so many clever high-tech elements being built into modern motor cars that it’s all-too-easy for motorists to miss the ones – like eCall – that could be the most valuable in the event of a road incident. “Knowing how to work the infotainment system could take the strain out of a long drive, but knowing how and when to use eCall could save lives."