Liverpool fans were blessed with wonderful news on Thursday as it was announced that Jurgen Klopp has signed a new contract to extend his stay until 2026. However, the news won't be recieved so positively elsewhere. Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has extended his stay at Liverpool by an extra two years, signalling bad news for four parties. It was an excellent Wednesday night for Liverpool as they put one foot in the Champions League final with a 2-0 win against Villarreal in the semi-final first leg. But it was perhaps an even better Thursday as Liverpool announced that Klopp would now remain at the club until 2026. The German had hinted that he could walk away from the club at the end of his contract, but that has now been extended by another two years. And Express Sport takes a look at four parties that will not be pleased hearing the news.  READ MORE: Liverpool 'considering two more signings' after completing Fabio Carvalho transfer The rivalry between Guardiola and Klopp has been a rather fascinating one in recent years, and following Thursday's announcement that doesn't appear to be changing anytime soon. And although it's a respectful battle, Klopp has got the better of Guardiola so far this season. Guardiola has claimed that he wants to remain at City for years, and although he is out of contract next summer, he is expected to re-sign. But if he does, City may not dominate as much as initially thought, when it was rumoured that Klopp would leave. Klopp's decision has made the Premier League even more exciting for the next four seasons, but it's also ensured that for City it will be as competitive as ever. Liverpool and City are clearly the best teams in England, and Klopp will be hoping to swing league domination in his favour instead of Guardiola's. READ MOREJurgen Klopp claims Anthony Gordon 'lucky' not to get sent off in Liverpool win vs EvertonErik ten Hag 'in love' with Darwin Nunez and 'personally requests' Man Utd transfer dealArsenal forced into transfer rethink after target Tino Livramento suffers 'serious injury'  The Liverpool job may be in the script for Reds legend Steven Gerrard, but Klopp's extension will have delayed potential plans for the Aston Villa boss. Gerrard left his role as Rangers manager to take the Villa job, and speculation grew that it could be the stepping stone to Anfield. Gerrard may be far from ready to take on the role just yet, but it's surely on the cards one day. Of course, with Klopp originally expected to leave in 2024, the Liverpool legend may have been ready by then. But Gerrard will have to hold off for at least another two years, although he revealed in an interview that he "never wants Klopp to leave Liverpool." He may get his wish, if Klopp continues his recent winning run at Liverpool.  Manchester United have probably seen enough of Liverpool in recent years, as while one Red side is on cloud nine, the other are in a rut. Liverpool did the double over United this season, and by an incredible aggregate score line of 9-0. Klopp continues to get the better of United, as the long-lasting rivalry has become a daunting fixture for the Red Devils. And if Erik ten Hag can't improve United quickly, Klopp's reign of terror may continue. It's been revealed that United were actually in talks to appoint Klopp as Sir Alex Ferguson's successor, but went in for the German too early. And it's a missed opportunity they must now regret, with Liverpool flying.  Liverpool are nailed on Premier League title contenders under Klopp anyway, but their position in the top four has surely been extended with the German's new contract. Even with academy players in defence last season, Klopp still managed to guide Liverpool to a third-placed finish. City also are pretty much guaranteed to join Liverpool and make up 50 percent of the top four, leaving just two places remaining for Arsenal, Chelsea, Tottenham and even United to battle it out. The top four fight is already a competitive one, but it's only going to get tougher. Arsenal look like having the edge this year, although their north London derby against Tottenham may decide things. And United are already up against it, and may even struggle to finish in the top six. 