The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will reportedly move to Windsor this summer, and are looking at schools in the area. William and Kate are believed to be weighing up private properties in the historic market town, and have also considered Frogmore Cottage, in the grounds of Windsor Castle, and nearby Adelaide Cottage. The Queen is spending almost all of her time at Windsor now, and it was reported earlier this month that she is planning to make it her permanent residence. The Cambridges are believed to want to move closer to Her Majesty, with sources telling The Sun that they have looked at schools in the area. The rumoured move comes as William and Kate begin to implement the so-called “Cambridge Way”, a strategy that will see them rip up the royal rulebook and seek to modernise it. While now working in tandem, unearthed accounts reveal it was Kate who had things her way in the early stages of the couple’s blossoming romance. The pair studied together at the University of St Andrews in the early Noughties, initially enjoying a close friendship before getting into a relationship. READ MORE: Prince William offered support to ‘awkward’ George with simple gesture The Cambridges are believed to want to move closer to Her Majesty, with sources telling The Sun that they have looked at schools in the area.  The rumoured move comes as William and Kate begin to implement the so-called “Cambridge Way”, a strategy that will see them rip up the royal rulebook and seek to modernise it.  While now working in tandem, unearthed accounts reveal it was Kate who had things her way in the early stages of the couple’s blossoming romance.  The pair studied together at the University of St Andrews in the early Noughties, initially enjoying a close friendship before getting into a relationship. Katie Nicholl, royal expert and author of ‘Kate: The Future Queen’, wrote in a 2010 issue of Vanity Fair that a charity fashion show in 2002 was a pivotal night for the couple. Kate had shimmied her way down the catwalk in black underwear and a see-through dress, prompting William to whisper to a friend: “Wow, Kate’s hot!” A friend told Ms Nicholl that, as they clinked champagne glasses afterwards, William tried to make his move, but to no avail. The friend said: “It was clear to us that William was smitten with Kate. He actually told her she was a knockout that night, which caused her to blush. “There was definitely chemistry between them, and Kate had really made an impression on William. “She played it very cool, and at one point when William seemed to lean in to kiss her, she pulled away. “She didn’t want to give off the wrong impression or make it too easy for Will.” William had craved normality when heading off to university, telling the BBC at the time that he wished to be just another student, despite being the future King. DON'T MISS:Do YOU think Charles and William should block Andrew from Jubilee? [VOTE]Prince Harry horoscope: Duke ‘trying’ to reconnect with Royal Family [INSIGHT]William's 'awkward laugh' gave royal feud away in throwback interview [EXPERT] He said: “I want to go there and be an ordinary student. “I mean, I'm only going to university. It's not like I'm getting married ‒ though that's what it feels like sometimes.” Little did he know that his future wife would be living in the same halls of residence. They lived in St Salvator's Hall in their first year, colloquially known as Sallies, before moving into a private house in their second year. William admitted in their engagement interview that he felt a spark with Kate from their very first meeting. He said: “When I first met Kate, I knew there was something very special about her. “I knew there was possibly something that I wanted to explore there. “We ended up being friends for a while, and that just sort of was a good foundation. “Because I do generally believe now that being friends with one another is a massive advantage. And it just went from there.” In the same interview, Kate admitted she “scuttled off” in their first meeting, before becoming close friends with her future husband. William and Kate reportedly didn’t become a couple until 2003, and have been together ever since besides a brief split in 2007. William eventually proposed with his mother’s engagement ring in 2010, and they married the following year in a lavish ceremony at Westminster Abbey. They have since welcomed three children into the world — Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis.