Jeremy Clarkson, 62, has weighed in on Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz’s luxurious wedding extravaganza. David and Victoria Beckham’s eldest son, 23, married Nicola, 27, in a $3.5million ceremony in Palm Beach, Florida, earlier this month. However, the lavish event did not seem to impress the Grand Tour host, who claimed the event “can’t have been much of a fun party” as guests drove back home afterward. Jeremy said: “We were all treated this week to photographs of the young Beckham leaving his wedding in a classic Jaguar and his dad going home at the wheel of a cool Maserati.” “And all I thought was: ‘Can’t have been much of a fun party if everyone was sober enough afterwards to drive,’” the TV presenter continued, in his column for The Sun, earlier this month. But Jeremy was not the only well-known face to weigh in on the young couple’s high-profile nuptials. Piers Morgan, 57, made a dig about the event as he sarcastically said he “can’t wait to hear” about Johnny Depp and Amber Heard’s ongoing court battle. The former Good Morning Britain presenter took to his Twitter account to make light of the event in view of his 7.9 million followers. He tweeted: “I can’t wait to hear more about how much Johnny Depp and Amber Heard hate each other. “Just as I can’t wait to hear more about an ex-footballer’s son’s wedding.” Other Twitter users seemed to agree with Piers, while others took aim at him over his views. Gillian Kennedy wrote: “You, me and trillions of others!! Couldn't care less about a certain footballer’s son!!” In reference to another recent A-list engagement, Carol Challis added: “Or Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez and the enormous ‘ring of green’.” Shoeb Molvi quipped: “I presume you weren’t invited to the wedding.” DON'T MISS...Victoria Beckham 'planning Romeo's wedding' after 'brand boost' [LATEST]Sara Davies' business lost 'hundreds of thousands' during Strictly [UPDATE]Demi Rose enters ‘barbie mode’ in cleavage-baring display [PICTURES] Mistylucas80 said: “Oh dear. Someone didn't get an invite to the socialite event of the year. “A chance to rub shoulders and pander to vacuous celebrities gone down the drain.” “Someone didn't get the invite they clearly wanted soooo much,” Micky Lyttle added. Brooklyn and Nicola’s glamorous wedding featured a star-studded guest list including Gordon Ramsay, Eva Longoria, Mel C and tennis legend Serena Williams. The happy couple exchanged vows beneath a flower garlanded chuppah in celebration of Nicola's Jewish heritage. Brooklyn shares some of his wife's Jewish roots via father David's paternal grandfather. The youngest member of the Beckham clan, Harper, attended the event as a bridesmaid and a flower girl. Meanwhile, Brooklyn's younger brother Cruz and Romeo posed as best men on the day.