AstroAgency is a marketing firm which offers strategic support, brand building techniques, technical knowledge and marketing intelligence to the space industry all the way from satellite manufacturers to downstream data analysts. The firm is headquartered in Edinburgh, but also has a presence in London, Amsterdam, Milan and Toulouse — with plans to add an office outside of Europe before the year is out. Among others, the firm will soon be working with the UK Science and Technology Facility Council’s RAL Space and international orbital debris removal company Astroscale. AstroAgency has also announced that it will be undertaking strategic market research projects on behalf of the UK Space Agency and will also be supporting the visits of international space delegations to Scotland for the Embassy of Switzerland in London. On the private sector front, meanwhile, the firm will be working with Earth Blox, another Edinburgh-based company that helps organisations interpret raw data collected by satellite observations and translate that into “actionable insights”. Another project will see AstroAgency conducting promotional marketing for Spelfie, an app which lets users create space selfies using satellite imagery. The company will also be working with Glasgow-based Trade in Space, a firm which combines blockchain and space technology to enable global agriculture asset transactions. AstroAgency founder Daniel Smith said: “It’s been a rollercoaster start to the year, between the team’s efforts made to deliver on current projects despite the impact on some of our team members due to the invasion of Ukraine, together with a number of long-term target clients being secured. “The growth of the company to reach our 40th client milestone has been a huge positive for us at a difficult time “We’re all delighted to have the chance to work with so many key space organisations from across the globe, in both the private and public sectors. “We’re fully focused on helping them reach their potential and realise their goals.” According to Euroconsult — another of AstroAgency’s clients — international governmental investment in the space sector rose by 8 percent to a whopping $92billion [£70.7billion] last year. Mr Smith added: “The interest and investment into enabling access to space will continue to soar and both businesses and entrepreneurs entering the sector now […] will be in an excellent position to benefit from the huge opportunities which lie ahead.” READ MORE: US chooses Britain over Europe for $50m fund - ‘No brainer!’ The new contract awards follow on, AstroAgency said, from a recently secured project with the UK Space Agency to support start-up space businesses as part of the latter’s “Leo” six-month virtual business accelerator programme. The firm has also partnered with the University of Edinburgh to help guide students and young entrepreneurs who are considering joining the space sector industry or starting their own business in the field. AstroAgency has also recently spearheaded the development of a roadmap toward a more sustainable space ecosystem for the Scottish Government, in tandem with both Space Scotland’s Environmental Task Force and innovation and strategy consultants Optimat. This has now led to the firm being awarded a contract to develop a space strategy for the regions of Norfolk and Suffolk on behalf of the New Anglia Local Enterprise Partnership. DON'T MISS:Archaeologists were stunned at apparent proof for Jesus' resurrection [ANALYSIS]Bulgaria and Greece break EU ranks with new nuclear plan [INSIGHT]Putin humiliated: 400,000 secret files leaked by hackers [REPORT] “We’ve only just passed two years as a company,” said AstroAgency’s chief operating officer, Daria Filichkina. “It's exciting to see us add strategic space projects for governments to the growing list of private space companies that we work with around the world. “We’re in a fortunate position, writing strategies and helping to build awareness in how access to space can be leveraged to support the economy, society, the fight against climate change or space debris. “Ultimately, we hope that by sharing success stories we will help draw more businesses into this fast growing industry.”