Changing your sheets is time-consuming enough without having to worry about washing your pillows. However, it’s unhygienic to wash your pillows any less than twice a year. Inevitably, sweat and natural oils from your body get absorbed into your pillow while you sleep, causing discolouration and attracting dust and dirt that worsen the problem. Washing your pillows keeps them fresh, dust mite-free and keeps allergies at bay. Pillow discolouration is often caused by sweat, which happens after the face or head rests against it for several hours at a time. Cosmetics, hair products and face products could also cause yellow stains. While it is recommended to buy new pillows every so often, experts suggest that they need regular cleaning even when you buy new ones. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Nick Woodward, Director of Lettings at Essential Living, explained that it is essential for pillows to be cleaned regularly, however, before washing them, their care label needs to be checked to see if they can go in the washing machine. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share method to remove yellow stains from pillows He said: “White pillows can go a yellow colour over time, therefore you will need to regularly clean them to give them a white refresh. “Before you do anything, check the tag on your pillow to confirm that it’s washable. “Most feather down and synthetic pillows can be safely washed - and remove any pillowcase or protector on the pillow before washing.” Nick suggested Britons use a specific combination of cleaning products to remove “yellow” stains from pillows. DON'T MISS: Gardening tips: ‘Quicker ways’ to ‘effectively’ rid gardens of weeds [TIPS]Cleaning: How to unblock drains using hair removal cream [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer: Couple spend £17k to boost bungalow value [INSIGHT] He said: “To get the best results you will need the combination of one cup of powdered laundry detergent, one cup of powdered dishwasher detergent, one cup of bleach and half a cup of borax.” The cleaning guru noted that the pillows first need to be left to soak in hot water for a better chance of removing “tough stains”. Nick said: “Start by soaking your dirty pillows in hot water, as this will give the cleaning ingredients an optimal chance of dissolving those tough stains when the pillow is of a high temperature. “Whilst you are soaking your pillows, bring a large pot of water to a boil on your hob. “Stir the laundry detergent, dishwasher detergent, and borax into the boiling water, and stir until the powdered ingredients dissolve.” Once the powders have dissolved into the water, pour the water into your washing machine and then add the bleach. As the pillows are left in the solution, they should be turned over halfway through to make sure the whole pillow is “saturated”. Nick explained: “Allow the pillows to soak in the solution for at least 30 minutes, whilst flipping the pillows over about halfway through the soak time to make sure that they’re saturating the products on both sides. “Once fully soaked, ​​run the pillows through a full cycle in your washing machine at around 60 degrees.” Doing this also gets rid of any dust mites that cannot survive at 60 degrees. Nick suggested using a tennis ball to ensure Britons have “fluffy” pillows in the dryer. He said: “To dry you can put them in your dryer on the ‘fluff”’or ‘hair’ setting. “Synthetic pillows can be dried on low heat. “A top tip here is to add a couple of tennis balls or wool dryer balls to the dryer to help fluff the pillows as they dry.”