In an exclusive Daily Express poll, voters overwhelmingly put the Downing Street lockdown antics at the bottom of their list of current worries. But backlogs in the NHS caused by the pandemic, plus the state of the economy and the Ukraine war all feature highly in the nation’s concerns. Cabinet Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg said last night: “People can identify fluff when they see it." More than 2,000 adults took part in this week’s survey commissioned from OnePoll.com by the Express, ahead of Thursday’s critical elections. It shows the Conservatives lagging slightly behind Labour in people’s voting intentions following a tumultuous few months politically: Sir Keir Starmer’s party was backed by 31 per cent, with 28 per cent choosing the Tories. Partygate allegations do not appear to be responsible for the three-point difference, despite the Labour chief’s attempts to highlight the issue. A fortnight on from Scotland Yard’s decision to issue Boris Johnson with a fixed penalty notice for a nine-minute gathering to mark his 56th birthday ahead of a work meeting, the row was ranked last of a list of 11 priorities for voters. Shadow cabinet minister Lisa Nandy is said to have told Sir Keir to stop focusing on Partygate – a claim denied by his spokesman. Ms Nandy is believed to have warned him Labour risked looking “out of touch” and should instead tell voters how it would tackle the cost-of-living crisis. Conservative MP Tom Hunt said he was not surprised by the findings on Partygate: “Over the last month I’ve knocked on probably over a thousand doors in Ipswich and when it does come up the sense I’m getting is that people are not performing gymnastics over how they vote based on it. “Cost of living is a much more important issue to voters on the doorstep and Ukraine is normally up there as well and things like immigration. A lot of people when the issue reared its head took a bit of an interest but it has been relentlessly pushed by some sections of the media and I think people are quite weary about it now.” Some 200 local authorities hold elections on Thursday. Many of the seats involved were last contested in 2017 and 2018, when the UK was still in the EU, the Prime Minister was Theresa May and Labour was led by Jeremy Corbyn. It is the first chance for voters to deliver their verdicts on Mr Johnson and Sir Keir since the 2019 General Election. The Conservatives are braced to lose hundreds of council seats after a bruising few months but Labour has been downplaying its own expectations ahead of the ballot. Polling has found that three quarters of the public were proud of the way the UK has responded to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, while nine per cent disagreed with the reaction. Half the country backs the 1.25 per cent increase in National Insurance to pay for social care as a good idea, while 35 per cent were opposed to it. The study also found most people say they “self censor” to avoid giving offence; the 70 per cent figure rises to 80 per cent of 23 to 34-year-olds. More than half think of those questioned believe that day to day freedom of speech is under attack in the UK. The same proportion, 52 per cent, think that published freedom of speech, such as books and newspaper articles, is under siege. Thursday’s elections will also let people give their verdict on local issues. The OnePoll study found 44 per cent think councils offer poor value for money – but a matching 44 per cent said the opposite. People in London were happiest with the cost of their services while residents of East Anglia and the North-west of England were the least content. OnePoll analysed its survey results on matters that were most important to voters generally, stripping out those who lacked an opinion or did not care enough about an issue to create an “importance rating” for each topic. It was here that the cost-of-living crisis came out top at 72 points as pressures on household finances continued to increase. Around nine in 10 Britons reported that their outgoings have gone up, Office for National Statistics figures showed yesterday. The most common reason for this verdict was the increase in food prices, with 92 per cent of people reporting that their grocery bill had increased. NHS backlogs were the next most pressing concern for voters in the OnePoll study at 65 points, followed by the economy at 61 points, the war in Ukraine which scored 60 and care of the elderly, rated at 59 points. Freedom of speech came next (53 points), then climate change concerns on 50 points, housing costs at 49, small boat migration (45) and net zero carbon targets on 34. Last of the worries was Partygate, which notched up just 26 importance points. Scottish Conservative leader Douglas Ross insisted the Prime Minister is “fit for office” after originally calling for him to quit over the rule-breaking allegations. Mr Ross said the PM should remain in post because he is leading the UK’s response to the war in Ukraine. He added: “But that doesn’t in any way diminish what he did and the actions that have been taken by those who investigate it. “He is fit for office to continue with what the UK Government has done, his Government has done, to help the people of Ukraine. That’s not just me saying it, that’s [Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky] who singled out Boris Johnson as a Western leader who has provided some of the greatest support.” An energy price spike exacerbated by global instability, the war in Ukraine and inflation means families are facing the rising cost of living and it’s no surprise to see this is the top concern in the poll for the Express. So keeping bills down and cutting council waste is more important than ever. And that’s why we’re taking action: a £150 council tax rebate for over 20 million households, paid straight into people’s bank accounts; a £200 rebate off energy bills this October; cutting fuel duty by 5p; increasing the national living wage to £9.50 an hour, meaning an extra £1,000 a year for a full-time worker, and increasing the threshold at which people start paying national insurance from £9,880 to £12,570, a tax cut for almost 30 million working people, with a typical worker saving over £330. We are investing an extra £36billion in our NHS over the next three years to tackle Covid-19 backlogs and provide a long-term solution to social care, and we are leading the world in defending Ukraine and standing up to Vladimir Putin. There is more to do but we are getting on with the job. While Labour are quick to criticise, they offer no solutions. They have spent months banging on about a birthday cake, despite the recent revelations that Keir Starmer held his own two-cakes birthday bash at work during the pandemic. And while Conservative councils get on with emptying bins, recycling rubbish and filling in potholes, Labour councils waste cash on deciding which streets to rename and statues to tear down. It is Conservative councils with the lowest council tax that fix on average four times as many potholes as Labour and recycle more of your rubbish too. That’s why local elections next Thursday are so important. You can elect Labour and Lib-Dem politicians who waste money and time playing political games. Or you can elect local Conservatives with a proven record of managing money well, delivering quality services and who support good local jobs. I urge you to get out and vote Conservative on May 5.