The former Brexit Minister and UK chief negotiator called for Boris Johnson to unilaterally ditch the Northern Ireland Protocol. Speaking at a Policy Exchange event on Wednesday, April 27, Lord Frost said: “Our relations with the EU cannot endlessly be bound up with Northern Ireland. “The inability to reach a durable Protocol settlement means that a huge, indeed an unbearable, amount of weight has been put on Northern Ireland's fragile politics as a result.” He said Mr Johnson should use the Article 16 provision to suspend the controversial Protocol, warning that the peace-maintaining Good Friday Agreement is “on life support”. He also highlighted that the Northern Ireland Protocol was “designed to be temporary” and can be revoked by a Northern Ireland Assembly vote in 2024. Under the Protocol, the assembly must vote periodically to give continued consent to Articles 5 to 10, with the first vote due in December 2024. This allows Northern Ireland to decide whether to remain in the agreement or choose to leave them. The consent mechanism was activated at the end of the Brexit transition period at 11pm on December 31, 2020. After four years, in 2024 the UK must provide Northern Ireland with an opportunity to vote on the provisions. Lord Frost said the Protocol had been the only way to deliver Brexit at the time Mr Johnson became Prime Minister in 2019. He explained: "At that point, we would have seen, at best, a second referendum, quite possibly Brexit taken off the agenda for good, and who knows what consequences in our domestic politics." The agreed deal created a trade border in the Irish sea and left Northern Ireland complying with EU regulations. Lord Frost expected alternative, long-term arrangements to be made before 2024. He said: "I expected that we would do so much domestic reform and change within Great Britain between 2020 and 2024 that it would be self-evidently attractive to Northern Ireland to end the Protocol and put some other arrangements in place." He added: "The strains it is causing are actively damaging the Belfast Agreement. "It is therefore surely obvious, indeed it is an inescapable logical conclusion, that the Protocol can't be operated as it stands. It has to be renegotiated or removed." DON'T MISS:UK kickstarts talks for new Brexit deal to accelerate £35bn trade with Switzerland [UPDATE]City warns of all-out EU trade war: PM told hard Brexit stance will spark EU retaliation [LATEST]Brexit LIVE: UK to unlock 'tens of billions' in major 'big bang' escape from EU chokehold [LIVE BLOG] The UK Government has argued that the deal is “not sustainable” as it divides the UK’s internal market and causes an imbalance in the Good Friday Agreement. Mr Johnson also told the House of Commons on Wednesday that the Northern Ireland Protocol needed to be "rectified". He responded to a question from DUP MP Jim Shannon saying: “There is clearly an economic cost to the Protocol. That is also now turning into a political problem and an imbalance in sentiment about it. “We need to rectify that balance for the sake of the Good Friday Agreement on which this country depends.” The UK Government is preparing new legislation to allow MPs to overrule the Northern Ireland protocol. A UK Government spokesperson said: “No decisions have yet been taken and our overriding priority continues to be the protection of peace and stability in Northern Ireland. “As we have said consistently, the Government will take measures to safeguard the Belfast (Good Friday) Agreement if solutions cannot be found to fix the Protocol.” Talks with Brussels to resolve differences over the Protocol have stalled in recent months. So what do YOU think? Should Northern Ireland vote to scrap protocol after Frost highlighted the clause that allows this? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.