April is shaping up to feel a little cooler than usual, with snow even falling in various parts of the UK last week. The outlook doesn’t look much better this week, with snow expected to fall later this week across Scotland and the north of England, with some even making its way down to southern areas. According to the Met Office, snow is forecast to fall on Wednesday across parts of Scotland which could descend into northern England on Thursday. Maps from Netweather show a snow risk for the north of Scotland, including Inverness and Aberdeen, from 9am on Thursday. Snow is also expected in the midlands and Wales, with the heaviest snow expected to hit central Wales around 9am on Thursday.  READ MORE: Brits brace for freezing week as cold snap to engulf UK Birmingham, Oxford and Norfolk in the east are also expected to witness smatterings of snow, albeit not as heavy as other areas. On Friday, central Scotland will see some of the snow that hit on Thursday, with Edinburgh, Glasgow and the Borders all forecast to feel a cold snap and accompanying snow. In England and Wales, snow will spread south on the Friday evening over Wiltshire, Somerset, and Hampshire, but is not expected to be more than a couple of centimetres. Heavier snow will continue to fall in central Wales before clearing off by Saturday morning according to current maps. Jon Farrow, a meteorologist with Netweather.TV said: “Things only begin to change on Sunday night into Monday when milder Atlantic air manages to tumble over the top of the high. “At this time of year, there is warmth in the sunshine for sheltered spots, but this air is cold. “So, in the breeze, the shade, and certainly after dark, it will feel decidedly chilly. “As the milder air begins to arrive in the far north of Scotland, over the top of the high there will be more cloud and the westerly wind will pick up.  DON'T MISSBritain braces as bitter -6C arctic blast to bring deep freeze [INSIGHT]Brits brace for freezing week as cold snap to engulf UK [REPORT]Frost damage: Seven ways to protect your plants spring frost [EXPLAINER] “So that will be a change with rain arriving at some point. Currently, it won’t turn wet and windy from the north until after dark.” The chilly weather comes after Brits enjoyed balmy temperatures in March, in what turned out to be one of the sunniest March’s on record. The cold start to April across much of the UK on Friday with temperatures dipping as low as -8C overnight, which was recorded in Tulloch Bridge, Scotland. Looking ahead to Easter and the outlook for Friday, April 8 - Sunday, April 17, the Met Office predicted: "To end the week and through the weekend, it is likely to be cold in the north with wintry showers. “Further south, weather systems coming in from the southwest will bring more prolonged spells of rain and strong winds. "There is a risk of snow at times on the northern edge of the bands of rain, this mainly across central areas. “Widespread frosts are expected in the north, with some icy patches likely. In southern areas, temperatures will be nearer to average, locally rather warm. "Into the following week, it will likely remain unsettled, but with the focus for the heaviest rain and strongest winds moving towards the north and west of the UK, allowing some drier interludes in the southeast."