Charlotte is known to love music and to have been attending dance classes since she was a toddler. Now, a source has claimed the six-year-old is also very much into "arts and acting" and is particularly smart. The source told Us Weekly: "Charlotte is sharp and bright as a button. She is top of her class at reading. She actually enjoys doing homework." The fourth in line to the throne is currently attending Thomas's Battersea, a prestigious private school in south London where her brother is attending Year 4 classes. Speaking about her hobbies, the source went on to claim Charlotte "loves acrobats and is very into the arts and acting". This means the little royal may share one major interest with her aunt Meghan Markle, who is a former actress and is known for her love for the theatre and cinema. Speaking of Charlotte, the source added: "Whenever she gets a chance, she’ll put on a performance!" Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here Princess Charlotte has shown to have an outgoing and cheeky personality during her rare public appearances. In July 2019, as the Cambridges were gathered to attend a charity regatta, the little royal famously stuck out her tongue while looking at a member of the public - believed to be her doting grandfather, Michael Middleton. In December, Prince William revealed during a one-off podcast episode he recorded for the Apple Fitness Plus series Time To Walk his two eldest children are very much into music - to the point he needs to step in and break Charlotte and George's "massive fights" over what song to play in the morning. While walking through the Sandringham estate, the Duke of Cambridge said: "Most mornings there's a massive fight between Charlotte and George as to what song is played in the morning. READ MORE: Lilibet will get Meghan's watch while Charlotte could get Diana tiara "And I have to now basically prioritise that one day someone does this one and another day, it's someone else's turn. "So George gets his go, that Charlotte gets her go. Such is the clamour for the music." Charlotte, the future King added, loves to dance around in her ballet gear. He said: "Charlotte particularly is running around the kitchen and her dresses and ballet stuff and everything.  "She goes completely crazy with Louis following her around trying to do the same thing. "And so it's a really happy moment where all the children just enjoy dancing, messing around and singing." Reports Princess Charlotte was attending ballet lessons first appeared in 2018, when she was aged three. But she isn't the only one in the Cambridge household to love this hobby. Four years ago, it was also claimed Prince George was learning ballet as part of his school curriculum. And, during a chat with BBC Radio 1 Teen Award winners, William said: "George is doing dancing as well, he loves it." Recalling Princess Diana's love for dancing and ballet, which she studied when she was a young girl, the second-in-line to the throne added: "My mother always used to dance, she loved dancing. "And if it's something you love, you do what you love." Princess Charlotte and Prince George were last seen in public last Tuesday, when they joined their parents and members of the Royal Family to pay tribute to the Duke of Edinburgh's life and legacy. Upon arriving at Westminster Abbey for the service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip, the little royals showed to be natural in their future royal roles as they shook hands and exchanged a few words and smiles with clergymen lined up to welcome the most prominent attendees. Their younger sibling, Prince Louis, was not in attendance - possibly due to his young age.