Former Deputy Minister of Energy in Russia and current advisor to Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny Vladimir Milov, in an interview conducted this morning by CNN, openly claimed that Putin’s days as president of Russia are numbered. According to the ex-Russian official, Vladimir Putin is “not lucky this time around” and ordinary Russians will begin to express “discontent”. According to Milov, Vladimir Putin still maintains strong power within his country. The Russian president, in fact, as Milov highlights in the interview with CNN, “can still angle for some time”. However, as openly claimed by the ex-Russian official, Putin’s reputation among his citizens  is slowly falling after Putin's decision to invade Ukraine. Russian citizens, in fact, will soon begin questioning what he is doing, as well as start to express “discontent”. This, according to Milov, will occur as consequence of the “deteriorating economic situation” that Russia is currently experiencing, as well as the “huge loss in the war in Ukraine”, which seems to exceed that of Ukrainians’. In the weeks following the begging of Russia-Ukraine war and the sanctions that UK, EU, US as well as other global powers such as South Korea and Japane have imposed to Russia in response to the war in Ukraine, Russia has in fact experienced a strong fall in regards to the value of its national currency Ruble, from which it seems to be difficult to recover. As Milov claims, Putin is now finding himself in an unusual situation. According to the ex-Russian official, in fact, the Russian president “has always been lucky all along” his presidency. This time however, as openly highlighted during the interview, he does not seem to be so. READ MORE: French urged to turn off dishwashers as energy crisis deepens  According to Milov, “Russian society will soon start questioning: where are we going?’’, and this is one of the reason why he believes Putin’s days as president of Russia are now numbered. Discontent, however, as highlighted by Milov during the interview with CNN, does not only seem to be shared among ordinary Russians, but also within the Russian government itself. Numerous Russian officials currently in power, in fact, as claimed in the interview, are “devastated by the consequences of Putin’s aggression”. DON'T MISS:Orban triumphs in Hungarian election after celebrating 'huge victory' [VIDEO]Ridge has Labour's Reynolds squirming in tense North Sea probe [LISTEN]Brexit: Trade collapse warning over red tape 'nightmare' [WATCH]  Russia, as Milov claims, finds itself in a “unique situation”. The country, in fact, as openly stated by the former Deputy Minister of Energy in Russia, is now "disconnected from global markets, global financial architecture, technology and logistics”. According to Milov, Russia is now for the first time in the history "moving in a backward direction”. People in power, as highlighted in the interview, are now starting to realise it.