Mr Lavrov said that the US had attempted to “cross out” the basic foundations of the UN and violate the “basis of sovereign equality of state” by holding a closed meeting. He warned that “Nobody in New York or in the capitals of the member states will forget this”. He addressed state media after speaking to the UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres, who will also meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin later today.    Mr Lavrov said: “There is also an issue, it seems, between France and Germany, an alliance of multilaterlism, that’s in competition in the UN or the US. “It was an initiative that conducted a summit of democracies , they had not consulted anybody, and we drew the attention of our colleagues today that this is a dangerous wake up call for the United Nations. “This is an attempt to cross out the basic rules of the UN charter, the basic principles of the UN charter, which is that the organisation was created on the basis of sovereign equality of state. “This is written in the charter. We have to remind them about this so that nobody in New York or in the capitals of its member states will never forget this.”   The Russian foreign minister had just met with Mr Guterres to discuss the situation in Ukraine. The UN Secretary General has come under fire for visiting Moscow before Ukraine, with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky saying over the weekend: “It is simply wrong to go first to Russia and then to Ukraine. There is no justice and no logic in this order.” Speaking via an interpreter, Mr Lavrov said about his meeting with Mr Guterres: “We spoke about the future of the United Nations as a whole. “About our western colleagues' efforts to discuss issues outside the universal formats within the UN and its system not to breed various partnerships and various messages, which are presented as a club of the best ones.” READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: 'Real risk of nuclear war' Kremlin horror warning [LIVE]   The UN Secretary General told Mr Lavrov that the organisation is “extremely interested in finding ways in order to create the conditions for effective dialogue, create the conditions for a ceasefire [in Ukraine] as soon as possible, and create the conditions for a peaceful solution". Responding to criticism that some of the UN member states had violated its foundational principles of multilateralism, which is the notion that more than two nations must always discuss issues, Mr Guterres denied wrongdoing. He said he was a “very committed multilateralist based on the values of the UN Charter and international law.” He also said that despite clear differences in the “interpretations” of the situation in Ukraine, he believed it was possible to “minimise the suffering of people”. DON'T MISS: 'You couldn't share borscht' Lavrov's mouthpiece offers mad excuse [REVEAL]Putin's war in Ukraine 'sealing fate' for neighbouring Georgia [INSIGHT]Russian soldiers ordered Ukrainian woman 'to help find others' [INSIGHT]   Mr Guterres, who will meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin later today, said: “I know that we have … different interpretations about what's happening in Ukraine. “That does not limit the possibility to have a very serious dialogue on how best we can work to minimise the suffering of people.” The Russian foreign minister stated in the meeting: “Principles of true multilateralism have, for a number of years, been flouted by the West, who have undertaken tactics of instilling into the world arena the unilateral world order for it to stay for good.” He added that the conflict in Ukraine has “become a catalyst for a great number of problems” that had accumulated in European and Atlantic regions over past decades.   