Rory McIlroy feels he's "getting the hang" of Augusta National after hitting a career-best eight-under in his fourth round on Sunday. Having at one point been 13 shots off the lead at The Masters, the Northern Irishman carded a stunning 64 on Sunday. He brilliantly holed from the bunker on the 18th which he labelled a "miracle" shot. Clubhouse leader McIlroy managed a brilliant curling chip-in from the bunker for a birdie which sparked a huge roar from the crowd and put the pressure on leader Scottie Scheffler. The world No 1 would though respond brilliantly to win his first ever major and end on 10-under-par despite four-putting the last hole. That was despite McIlroy's final round score having been his second-lowest 18-hole score in a major ever and his best since 2010, when he went round in 63 in the first round of The Open Championship. The four-time major champion is still chasing an elusive first Green Jacket, having won the US Open in 2011, the PGA Championship in 2012 and 2014 and The Open in 2014. But the world No 9 is confident he's finally getting to grips with Augusta after his previous disappointments, which included his infamous final-round collapse in 2011 when he had led by four strokes going into the last day. His woeful round of 80 on the Sunday saw him finish tied for 15th. Yet this time he managed the best Masters finish of his career to end second, which saw him surpass his previous best of fourth. He was the only player to finish within at least seven shots of winner Scheffler as he ended up three behind the newly-crowned champion on seven-under overall. Asked if this was his best experience at Augusta so far - before Scheffler's victory had been confirmed - McIlroy responded: "Yeah. By far. I got off to a great start today and just kept it rolling. I knew I needed my best ever score to at least have a chance. "I shot 65 in the third round here in 2018. I knew I needed to go a bit lower than that. I did by one. It's probably not going to be low enough but I can't ask any more of myself. I played a really, really good round of golf. Maybe I'll come up just a couple short but it's the most fun I've had on a golf course in a very long time. "I really just wanted to post a number, that's what was in my head. I kept thinking all morning, 'Why not me?' I feel like I'm playing well. We finally have the conditions when you can get after it a little and shoot a low one. "When I birdied one, I thought, 'This could be it today.' I just stayed aggressive and kept hitting good shots and hitting good putts, played smart around Amen Corner, made my pars and moved on. And then I finished like that. "I'm getting the hang of this place after 14 years of trying! Whatever happens over the next couple of hours, I'll keep coming back and keep trying. A miracle birdie on the 18. I was just trying to get that down in two to lock up second place! We'll see what happens. I'm going to watch Scottie on the way in and you never know."