As the diligent Virgo Moon opposes Jupiter in Pisces in the morning, you might find it harder to pull yourself out of the dreamy mindset the energies can bring. This will challenge your organisation skills - but thankfully, this shouldn’t last too long. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for April 13. The Moon will trine intense Pluto in Capricorn later in the day, which will help restore direction. The trine will put you back on track, evoking a strong impetus to go back after what you want. Capricorn, known for its more ambitious, persistent, and disciplined qualities, will help steer you and you might feel more driven and motivated during this time period. However, Mars will enter Pisces at around 4:04pm today, and it will remain here on transit until May 24.  READ MORE: Horoscopes & love: Virgo advised to go into 'flirt mode'  Pisces is a particularly imaginative and creative sign, but also one that’s slightly more sensitive than others. This makes confrontation - be it people or circumstances, less of a welcome exchange when transiting this sign. During this cycle, you might feel less drawn to your conventional goals, and instead, might lean more toward embarking on new spiritual or emotional pursuits. You also might feel more opposed to confrontation, while having more of a tendency to put others’ needs ahead of your own. These energies will make you feel more helpful and service-oriented as idealism comes to the fore.  When Mars is in Pisces, Cafe Astrology said: “Our output is variable rather than straightforward, and our energy is similarly up and down. “As well, our desires and methods to achieve our goals are more complex. We tend to run on intuition and instinct before taking action. “Going after what we want becomes less straightforward and more complicated.” However, you may be more motivated by compassion while Mars is in Pisces. DON'T MISS: Star sign: Best dog for each star sign - 'perfect' compatibility [EXPLAINED]Aquarius is 'skittish' in love - more comfortable being 'flirtatious' [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry horoscope: Duke ‘trying’ to reconnect with Royal Family [INSIGHT]     Cafe Astrology said: “We can be spiritual warriors, or we achieve our goals intuitively and with faith. “We can be chameleons, adapting to the current situation quite expertly, although, we can also be escape artists, preferring to avoid than confront. “We can be passive-aggressive, or we fight through confusing or placating our opponent.” As the Moon shifts to enter Libra at 9:47pm, peace and calmer waters will restore, and you might feel more balanced generally.  Librans tend to be more extroverted, diplomatic, and friendly people. Scales symbolise this sign, representing their inclination to attain balance, harmony, peace, and justice. Use this energy as motivation to plan some goals for the remainder of the week, month, or year, as you might feel more focused and optimistic during this time. 