Manchester United look poised to lose Paul Pogba for nothing for a second time this summer, following reports that Paris Saint-Germain have offered Pogba a contract. The United star is due to be a free agent in June and has so far refused to commit his future to the club. Pogba returned to Old Trafford in the summer of 2016 for a club-record £89million after he'd quit the club for Juventus four years earlier. During his time in Turin, the Frenchman evolved into one of Europe's most coveted midfielders; however, he's failed to replicate that form since sealing his mega-money return to Manchester. The 29-year-old has been plagued by injuries, inconsistency and controversies over the past five-and-a-half-years - leading to question marks over whether or not he has a long-term future at the club he first joined as a youngster. But a new report from The Manchester Evening News on Tuesday revealed that PSG have tabled an offer to Pogba, who has been free to negotiate a pre-contract agreement with foreign clubs since January. Various reports have claimed that United are in the market to sign a top defensive midfielder in the summer, but losing Pogba would more than likely force the club into signing another midfielder to replace the divisive playmaker. READ MORE: Man Utd hero Wayne Rooney backs Liverpool to beat Man City in crunch clash But if things had worked out differently, United could have already signed the elite midfielder they craved. Gary Neville had urged Manchester United to make a move for Thiago Alcantara before he wrapped up his move to Liverpool in September 2020. However, United passed on the move instead - and Neville believes that the presence of Pogba and Bruno Fernandes was one of the reasons that the club opted not to pursue a move for the ex-Bayern Munich maestro. He told 90min previously: "United weren’t really strongly linked with him and I can see why with Pogba and Fernandes. But watching him play in a two-man midfield for Bayern Munich I don’t think he needs to play in a forward role. DON'T MISS...Man Utd flop Anthony Martial hits new low with Sevilla loanLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'happy' with Mohamed Salah contract talksGary Lineker raves over Barcelona starlet Pedri during Sevilla win "I think he can play deeper and United’s players in that position – Fred, [Scott] McTominay, [Nemanja] Matic – have all done okay. But if [Thiago] was there... I think he’s clever enough to intercept, read the game and do the things that a holding midfielder can. You don’t need to be six feet tall, tackle and quick to play in that position anymore. You just need to be intelligent and understand the game, and he’s got that in abundance." Rather than pursuing a move for Thiago, United opted to stick with the advanced tandem of Pogba and Fernandes - a move that hasn't yielded the kind of success that the club would have hoped for. And with Pogba now looking likely to quit the club again - without making any type of significant impact - United are essentially back to square one with their midfield plans. The likes of Declan Rice and Kalvin Phillips - just two of the names who have been linked with the club - are likely to cost United a handsome sum; far more than the £27m that Liverpool eventually snapped up Thiago for. And with Pogba set to depart the club without United receiving a single penny in compensation, United have been made to pay in more ways than one by snubbing a move for Thiago, who has been the driving force of Liverpool's recent title bid.