Law and Order have dropped the trailer for the upcoming Law and Order Special Victims Unit and Law and Order Organized Crime crossover, and the scene has been set for an explosive episode. It's "just like old times" for Captain Olivia Benson (Mariska Hargitay) and Detective Elliot Stabler (Christopher Meloni) as the pair team up to solve a case while both standalone shows get closer to their season finales. NBC's long-running crime series Law and Order has several spin-offs under its belt, with several having crossover episodes. Law and Order first aired in 1990 and ran for 20 seasons before having a hiatus. The seventh instalment into the franchise, Law & Order: SVU managed to top that, and in 2019, it started its 21st season. Earlier this year, the original series returned to viewers' screens with the show having a total of nine spin-offs, each with varying levels of success and life span. Read More: Ant McPartlin bandaged up by medics after suffering BGT injury The teaser for the combined episode titled Lost One starts with Benson talking to a woman with her stating: "We believe your daughter has been kidnapped." A video of the crime shows the young lady being kidnapped with Stabler questioning: "Human trafficking?" Unsure if it is human trafficking or "stranger abduction" Benson then adds: "I'd like to combine forces, work this case together." The synopsis of the Lost One reads: "When a 9-year-old girl is kidnapped in connection with the Brotherhood, Stabler and the task force must work together with Benson and the SVU to track down the culprits before it's too late. With the trailer hitting the internet, many of the fans united online to share their thoughts on the short teaser video. @winsaner said: "Just like old times… the classic dynamic duo of NYPD veterans. Captain Olivia Benson and Detective Elliot Stabler" On Youtube, @TheWashingtonD.C.ProSportsman340 commented: "I can't wait to see this crossover, but I wish the writers and producers would have included Law & Order (original) and made this a three-way crossover. "I would have loved to have seen a collaboration between Dixon-Cosgrove-Bernard, Benson-Fin-Rollins, and Stabler-Bell-Jet. And also McCoy's A.D.A. team (Price and Maroun) teaming up with Carisi. DON’T MISS…Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco in tears as she pays tribute to co-star 'Helped me so much' [LATEST]Naga Munchetty suffers mishap as she tells BBC Breakfast viewers Boris Johnson's in prison [LATEST]The Bay's Daniel Ryan's tribute to co-star ahead of new season 'Can survive cast change' [LATEST] "I know we'll definitely get one in the future!" (sic) @Aurora W felt the same and chimed in: "I can't wait to see this crossover. "Just like old times... Now, we just need a triple crossover with the original, SVU and OC as well as a crossover with Chicago PD, SVU and OC." @Manon Schepers added: "Wow can't wait for this Crossover!! "Feels different then the other ones. The other ones were amazing too, but there they were more helping each other out. With cases, undercover work, and personal stuff." (sic) @Tri0Wolf described: "Captain Benson the leader and Detective Elliot stabler the weapon. Together they are unstoppable." (sic) Law and Order is available on NBC in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 