The Grand Tour star Jeremy Clarkson has told how he's changed his mind over the human rights barrister, George Clooney's wife Amal, after listening to her talk at the United Nations a few days ago. The Clarkson's Farm star, 62, heralded the brunette beauty, 44, as having the "most beautiful voice" after admitting that he initially assumed her to be a "human rights loony." The Clarkson's Farm star took a U-turn over his thoughts on human right's barrister Amal following her speech at a UN meeting in New York earlier this week. George's wife of eight years urged the UN to hold Russia accountable for the alleged war crimes it has committed in Ukraine. Top Gear star Jeremy told how he assumed the legal expert to be a "drippy human rights loony who can only ever get her lefty messages across" as she's married to the Hollywood icon. However, the farmer relayed that he was blown away after listening to her talk at the UN meeting on Wednesday. READ MORE: Michael Douglas 'broke down in tears' as Debra Winger BIT him He cited that Amal has the "most beautiful voice I’ve ever heard", adding that it was like having "warm honey" poured into his ears despite not understanding what she was speaking about, he wrote in his column in The Sun. Jeremy's comment came days after Amal set pulses racing in a sheer, skin tight red dress as she stepped out in New York city for dinner with her mother Baria Alamuddin. Dressed up to the nines, the human rights attorney's petite waist was on show as the brightly-coloured dress hugged her trim figure. The bottom of Amal's dress featured detailed embroidery and ruched fabric across her hips. The look was complete with two bows at the back which added more elegance to the dress. She partnered the outfit with a pair of silver stiletto heels and a boxy rectangle clutch. The mother of twins, Alexander and Ella, wore her long tresses in waves with the hair falling to one side which revealed flashy silver earrings. Amal matched her elegant outfit with subtle makeup and a red lip, perfectly matching her dress. DON'T MISS... Karen Hauer and Luba Mushtuk stun in bikinis as they shower together [INSIGHT]Johnny Depp erupts in laughter after trial question about his penis [UPDATE]Piers Morgan slams Angelina Jolie as she's spotted visiting Ukraine [ANALYSIS] The lawyer's mother, Baria, wore a white ensemble, adding a bright yellow jacket. Amal has been spending some quality time with her mother in New York City in recent days. She was pictured with her mother stepping out of the Whitby Hotel in Midtown Manhattan to head to dinner. The evening before, Amal had opted for a more casual look while sporting a pair of denim jeans, a sheer glitzy top and a black blazer. The barrister showcased her impeccable taste as she put away her smart dresses for a more casual look. The human rights lawyer stunned in an eye-catching top that sparkled thanks to the hundreds of silver sequins which decorated the top. She and her mother were spotted as they left their Midtown Manhattan hotel before heading to the West Village for dinner at the upscale steakhouse 4 Charles Prime Rib. The mum-of-two glowed in the sheer silver blouse which appeared almost see-through as she paired the number with jeans.