Old footage of Carlos Alcaraz explaining his game style ahead of his ATP Tour debut has surfaced after the 18-year-old reached the Miami Open final. The world No 16 has drawn comparisons with his compatriot Rafael Nadal but a resurfaced clip shows Alcaraz admitting he believes his game style is more similar to that of Roger Federer. Alcaraz has become the second-youngest finalist in Miami Open history at the age of 18 years and 11 months after defeating defending champion Hubert Hurkacz, following closely behind Nadal who was the youngest man to reach the Miami final in 2005 at 18 years and 10 months. The Spanish teenager has consistently drawn comparisons to Nadal, matching many of the world No 3's achievements at a young age and playing with the same passion and explosiveness as the man himself. Even Nadal has previously likened Alcaraz to his younger self, saying recently in Indian Wells: "He’s a good guy and [reminds] me a lot of things like when I was 17 or 18 years old kid." But an unearthed clip shared by Tennis TV ahead of the 18-year-old's maiden Masters 1000 final shows Alcaraz claiming he plays in a similar style to Federer. Filmed ahead of his ATP Tour debut at the Rio Open in 2020, the two-time title winner admitted he tried to emulate the Swiss ace's game. JUST IN: Jannik Sinner beats Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic record   "I love to play very aggressively with a lot of winners," he explained in the old video. "My style is more or less like Federer’s, aggressively coming to the net and playing drop shots, trying to do what Federer does." Alcaraz was just 16 when he made his ATP Tour debut in Rio as a wildcard and defeated compatriot Albert Ramos Vinolas in his first-ever tour-level match. The tour was suspended for the pandemic shortly after but ever since tennis returned, the world No 16 has been rising rapidly to the top of the game. Just a year ago he was ranked outside of the world's top 130 and had made his Miami Open debut as a wildcard, losing in the first round. DON'T MISSMedvedev has surgery and could miss French Open and entire clay seasonDjokovic 'admired' for sticking to vaccine stance amid controversyUkrainian tennis star 'ignored' by Russians as mum 'teased' by bombs  The 18-year-old has exceeded even his own expectations with his rise to the top. Speaking ahead of the 2022 season he made it his goal to crack the world's top 15 for the first time by the end of the year but has already done so with his run in Miami and will make his top 15 debut when the rankings update on Monday. He now has a chance to win his maiden Masters 1000 title and become the youngest man ever to do so in Miami, with Nadal having lost his 2005 final to Federer. Alcaraz takes on fellow first-time Masters finalist Casper Ruud on Sunday night. 