Manchester City should reject any transfer interest from Arsenal in Gabriel Jesus because he is a “vital part” of Pep Guardiola’s team, according to Micah Richards. Jesus has been strongly linked with a move to north London over the past week due to Arsenal’s clear need for strikers in the summer transfer window.    Jesus’ long-term future with City has come under increasing scrutiny recently, with the Brazilian forward’s contract set to expire in June 2023. With City fighting for the Premier League title and Champions League, they are yet to consider offering the 25-year-old a contract extension. That has left the door open for Arsenal, who are ‘expected’ to make a £35million bid for his services this summer, according to football.london. Jesus has 12 goals and nine assists in 36 appearances in all competitions this season and 93 goals in 230 games for City altogether since he joined the club five years ago. Although primarily a No 9, Jesus has played a variety of positions for Guardiola’s side this season, often operating off the right-hand side of attack. And former City defender Richards believes Jesus is underrated and the club need to guard against losing him to Arsenal this summer. JUST IN: Chelsea could strike Juventus swap in hunt for Rudiger replacement  "He’s been brilliant,” Richards said on Sky Sports ahead of City’s Premier League game against Leeds on Saturday. “What’s so good about him is that you can trust him in any position. He plays on the right, he plays down the centre. Wherever he plays, he does a great job for the team, not only defensively, but now, he’s getting rewards and scoring goals. “With Man City, we always know they’ll create chances, it’s just about taking them. He was linked about potentially moving away, but if it was my decision, he wouldn’t be going anywhere because he’s a vital part of this team. The way he presses from the front, the way he reads the play and his all round game has just got better over the years.  DON'T MISS Barcelona ‘interested in two Man Utd players’ with De Jong swap eyed Barca ‘think Man Utd may offer Maguire or two other players' in swap Real Madrid ‘pick Haaland alternative’ in case Man City seal transfer “He found it very hard because [Sergio] Aguero was there and people were saying he’s not as good as Aguero, but what he’s shown now is that he’s different to Aguero. He offers more to the team in terms of his work rate and he’s very dependable. These players that don’t argue when they’re not starting and every time he plays, he does his best. That’s all you can ask." Jesus is not the only striker Arsenal have been linked with ahead of the summer transfer window, with a replacement for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and potentially Eddie Nketiah and Alexandre Lacazette needed. Roma star Tammy Abraham is another possibility, while Lille’s Jonathan David, Lyon’s Moussa Dembele and Real Sociedad’s Alexander Isak have all been considered by the Gunners. 