In fact, in September, The Coal Miner’s Daughter singer hosted a charity concert on behalf of people affected by flash floods in Tennessee, which has raised over a million dollars. Unfortunately, she didn't appear in person at the concert. Lynn’s stroke was confirmed at the time by Sony Music’s Maria Malta, who said she was taken to a hospital in Nashville, Tennessee after the stroke she had while at home. Strokes occur when the blood supply to parts of the brain is interrupted or reduced. This starves brain tissue of oxygen and nutrients, which results in the death of brain cells within minutes. The main stroke symptoms, according to the NHS, include: READ MORE: Cancer symptoms: Numbness of the tongue could signal a 'medical problem' "She is currently under medical care and is responsive and expected to make a full recovery,” Malta said at the time. "Loretta, who just celebrated her 85th birthday, has been advised by her doctors to stay off the road while she is recuperating. “Regrettably, upcoming scheduled shows will be postponed." The star turns 90 on April 14 this year. Roughly 100,000 people in the UK have a stroke each year, suggests the Stroke Association. After a stroke, people often experience problems with reading and writing, as well as understanding language. For many music artists who have strokes, such as Jerry Lee Lewis, starting to perform again can be a struggle. However, some research has suggested that music may support stroke recovery as the music increases blood flow in the brain, which can help restore connections in the brain which were damaged by the condition. One study by the University of Helsinki found that stroke patients who listened to music every day for six months had signs of a better recovery.   They had better verbal memory scores, more focused attention, less confusion, and a better mood. Recovery from stroke can be complicated. Patients often have a wide variety of treatments to improve their mental skills and medicine to reduce the risk of having another stroke. At the time of Ms Lynne's stroke, her sister, Grammy-winning singer Crystal Gayle, said in a statement to The Associated Press: "Many of you have heard that my sister, Loretta Lynn, had a stroke. "She's a strong woman and I know she'll come out of this. Our family appreciates your prayers, love, and support. We pray for a speedy recovery."  New research is helping to better predict people’s risk of stroke. Scientists from the US at a company called SomaLogic, developed a blood test that can predict whether someone is at high risk of the condition within the next four years. Dr Stephen Williams of SomaLogic and his team looked at 5,000 different proteins in blood samples from 22,849 people. They discovered 27 key molecules which can be used to predict the likelihood of stroke. According to a research paper, published in the journal Science Translational Medicine, the model of testing developed by SomaLogic was roughly twice as effective as existing methods of measuring stroke risk. 