Tottenham are lining up another return for Gareth Bale as well as another five other signings this summer in an attempt to appease Antonio Conte, according to reports. There is still concern behind the scenes that the Italian manager could depart ahead of next season despite Spurs’ improvement since his appointment six months ago. Conte replaced Nuno Espirito Santo last November and has overseen a monumental turnaround in form. Spurs are fifth and face a battle with north London rivals Arsenal for the final Champions League position. But the 52-year-old could still depart if he is not offered assurances about the summer transfer window. Spurs struggled in January, finally making their two signings in the final days of the window. Rodrigo Bentancur and Dejan Kulusevski have done well since arriving from Juventus but Spurs needed further reinforcements. Gio Lo Celso, Dele Alli, Tanguy Ndombele and Bryan Gil, who all departed in the winter, needed replacing. JUST IN: Man City 'tell Erling Haaland he can join Real Madrid after two years' Spurs hope to improve their recruitment in the summer in a bid to convince Conte to remain, even if they need to settle for Europa League football next term. According to the Independent, former Spurs star Bale could make a second return alongside five other targets. Bale initially left Spurs for Real Madrid in 2013 but moved back to the North Londoners on loan last season. The 32-year-old remained at the Bernabeu this year in an attempt to rekindle his Madrid career under Carlo Ancelotti. But Bale has made just seven appearances for the Spanish giants this season and could be surplus to requirements. A third spell at Spurs, for whom he has played 237 times, has not been ruled out. DON'T MISS...Agent who helped Antonio Rudiger join Chelsea teases Man Utd transferMan Utd target Antony has clear summer plan after Ten Hag confirmedMan Utd 'wary' of Ten Hag reunions as work on signing young PL striker Spurs will also target five other players, the report continues. Fellow former Lilywhites star Christian Eriksen has been tipped for a remarkable return to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Eriksen departed for Inter Milan in January 2020 after seven years at the club, having joined as part of the club’s reinvestment of the £80m received for Bale in 2013. The 30-year-old suffered a cardiac arrest at Euro 2020 and has since joined Brentford, but his good form has prompted talk of a return to Spurs. Torino defensive pair Wilfried Singo and Gleison Bremer have also been linked. Wing-backs are important in Conte’s 3-4-3 and neither Matt Doherty nor Emerson Royal have impressed on the right, with Singo a clear upgrade. Bremer would add depth to the centre-back options. Hamburg winger Filip Kostic is another target, while a ‘fanciful’ option is Inter Milan forward Lautaro Martinez who has long been linked with a move to the Premier League. The 24-year-old signed a contract extension with the Italian side last October, taking him to 2026.