The Russian leader has seen his attempt to conquer his western neighbour hit the rocks in the face of fierce Ukrainian resistance. His army's advance on Kyiv has stalled, forcing the Kremlin to refocus and recalibrate its military campaign. Moscow now claims it will concentrate its war effort on "liberating" the Donbas and has been redeploying troops and equipment to the east of the country. The US Secretary of State could not resist the temptation to taunt Putin over his ill-judged decision to invade Ukraine. Anthony Blinken told CNN on Sunday: "Ukraine, its sovereignty and independence is gonna be there a lot longer than Vladimir Putin is gonna be on the scene." He went on to say that Russia had hoped to destroy Ukraine's sovereignty, project Russian power on the world stage and divide NATO and the West. However, on all three counts Putin had failed to realise these goals and had in effect achieved the opposite of what he had intended. Mr Blinken explained: "The Russian military has dramatically underperformed, its economy is reeling, and the West, NATO are more united than any time I can remember." His comments come as the Pentagon confirmed it would be sending $300 million more in military aid to Kyiv. This will include laser-guided rocket systems, Switchblade and Puma drones, humvees, ammunition, and night vision goggles. Washington has sent a total of $1.6 billion in military aid to Ukraine since Putin unleashed his invasion on February 24. The US and its NATO allies have so far only agreed to supply Ukraine's army with defensive weapons. President Zelensky and his ministers have made repeated calls to be provided with more powerful weapons, such as tanks and planes. Western leaders, though, have hesitated in complying with Kyiv's requests, fearing it could lead to an escalation in hostilities and a possible direct confrontation between NATO and Russia. READ MORE: Desperate Putin tries to claw back skilled Russian workers However, in what appears to be a significant shift in policy, US defence sources said America would help facilitate the transfer of Soviet-made tanks to Ukraine's military. A US official did not reveal how many tanks would be sent nor from which countries. One possible candidate could be Poland, which earlier in the war had proposed sending 28 MiG fighter jets to Ukraine via a US army base in Germany. Warsaw is currently set to replace its Soviet T-72 battle tanks with US M1A2 Abrams. In its latest analysis of the war in Ukraine, the Institute for the Study of War said that the Battle of Kyiv had been won by Ukraine. DON'T MISSPutin's forces relentlessly mocked after pie poisoning [REVEAL]Lithuania humiliates Germany by standing up to Putin [NEWS]Russia faces latest default test with $2 billion bond [SPOTLIGHT] But the analysts cautioned that Moscow could still prevail if its forces can launch a successful operation in eastern Ukraine. They wrote: "The current line of Russian occupation in southern and eastern Ukraine is still a significant gain in Russian-controlled territory since the start of the war. "If a ceasefire or peace agreement freezes a line like the current front-line trace, Russia will be able to exert much greater pressure on Ukraine than it did before the invasion and may over time reassemble a more effective invasion force. "Ukraine’s victory in the Battle of Kyiv is thus significant but not decisive."