Jai (played by Chris Bisson) has just about got his relationship with Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) back on track after the pair split up earlier this year on Emmerdale because he took out a loan in her name without her knowing. He has also been demoted at work, with Kim Tate (Claire King) making him one of the members of staff rather than a senior member of management. Although not everything is going to plan at the moment on the ITV soap, upcoming scenes will see his life destroyed as his past comes back to haunt him and it seems this could be part of Kim's plan to get rid of him once and for all. The drama continues in next week's episodes as Kim is left horrified when she sees her staff protesting outside the HOP after she gave them zero-hour contracts. Wanting someone to blame, she turns to Jai and tells him he has to resolve the situation by getting the staff back inside working. However, she is further shocked by his reaction and the next day, the Home Farm socialite is forced to wait the tables herself. This leaves her hugely embarrassed when a wealthy customer stops by and it is only then she sits up and listens to what her workers are saying. Putting on a united front, Jai and Laurel meet with the ruthless businesswoman and tell her why zero-hour contracts are bad for the staff. READ MORE: Where is Anne Darwin now? What happened to her? They can only hope they've made a difference but later the same day, Laurel turns up at Holdgate with some news for Jai. She tells him she wants them to get back together properly as she was very impressed with the way he held himself at the protest. It seems this is a huge turning point for Jai after months of trouble landing at his door but Kim is still bitter about the whole situation. Things start to get a bit strange when the businessman notices his wallet is missing so he and his partner head to Take A Vow. Unfortunately, when they do find it down the back of a chair, there is also a small bag of drugs sitting alongside it. Knowing Jai has a past with drugs, both Laurel and his sister Priya Sharma (Fiona Wade) accuse him of owning the stash. Confused as he knows he didn't buy any drugs, the businessman tries to find an explanation but he can't seem to understand what's happened. Seeing this as an admittance of guilt, Laurel explodes at her partner as they were finally in a good place and he seems to have ruined it already. However, as he begins to piece the jigsaw together, Jai is sure Kim is the one who has planted the drugs to destroy his life. Before he pursues this avenue of investigation, he is determined to win Laurel back and when she says she will listen, he is over the moon. DON'T MISS...Paige Sandhu health: Soap star on 'terrible' anxiety - symptoms [COMMENT]Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT] Later in the evening, just when it seems hope is on the horizon for the couple, Rishi Sharma (Bhasker Patel) tells Laurel the children almost caught him with a bag of drugs a few weeks ago. Although he didn't take them, he was closer to relapse following the end of his relationship and his money troubles seemed to get worse. Having subdued her anger, Laurel can't keep calm any longer because her children could have taken the drugs if he wasn't careful. This brings an end to any chance of a reunion between the pair and Jai is left emotional as he knows he has ruined everything. However, he still has to work with Laurel at work and when their constant bickering starts to impact the customers, Kim puts their jobs on the line. It seems this would be the final straw for Jai and he could be tempted to take drugs again as a way of drowning out of the reality of his situation. This could have all been part of Kim's plan as she wanted Jai to hit rock bottom and now he has, she could offer him the drugs on a plate. Unfortunately for him, he might not realise the drugs would be enough for him to overdose on and he wouldn't be able to resist temptation. As he overdoses and dies as a result of taking too much, Kim could be elated as she did cause his death but no one would ever know it was her. The police would rule it as a tragic accident but will Kim confess her sins to Laurel or will she be able to harbour her guilt? The actors who play Jai and Laurel, Chris and Charlotte respectively, have previously spoken out on their characters relapsing. Not only does Jai have an addiction to drugs but Laurel is an alcoholic and both of them said there is a chance their alter-egos could relapse given their current circumstances. Charlotte told Express.co.uk and other media: "Once you’re an addict you’re always an addict. "Anything like this can rock them, but we’ll have to see how each of them manages. That’s always the devil on their shoulder, isn’t it?" Chris added: "It doesn’t go away just because you’ve stopped taking the drugs or drinking the drink. The temptation is always there. It’s at these points of pressure where people are likely to crack and certainly Jai will come close." So could Jai relapse and end up dead as a result? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.