An expert has shared an easy way for Britons to save money on food – freeze some foods to eat at a later date. Although not a revolutionary trick, some would be surprised which foods can be frozen. Freezing foods not only saves families money, but also cuts down on food waste. Experts at NetVoucherCodes.co.uk have revealed the surprising foods that can be put in the freezer to preserve them for longer. Interestingly, even crisps are among the foods that can be frozen. Crisps can be stored in their original bags in the freezer for up to two months. READ MORE: Aldi shoppers praised £7 face cream for 'youthful' results Baked goods are other foods that can be kept in the freezer. These include brownies, cakes, and cookies. These can be preserved in Tupperware containers for up to three months. Cheese is a surprising food that some may not know can be kept in the freezer.  The dairy product can be kept in the freezer for three to six months. Hard cheese performs better in the freezer compared to soft cheeses, such as ricotta and cottage cheese. The experts recommended being sure to defrost the cheese before placing it back in the fridge, to avoid it becoming crumbly. Even grated cheese can be frozen by adding flour to the bag and shaking it well before freezing. Garlic is another product that can be frozen – it can be preserved in the freezer for up to 12 months. Whether whole cloves or sliced, simply place the garlic in a zip lock bag in the freezer to give it a longer shelf life. Even butter can be put in the freezer – all families need to do is wrap the butter tightly in quality kitchen foil or freezer wrap. Salted butter can be preserved in the freezer for up to nine months, while unsalted butter lasts for up to six months. Chopped chilli and herbs are other leftovers that can be frozen. To do so, place them inside an empty water bottle and screw the lid tightly – this will prevent moisture from ruining them. Even alcohol can be kept in the fridge, enabling it to last longer. But the experts warned that this method works best with wines that are better kept chilled, such as white or rosé. Most spirits can be kept in the freezer too, but they won’t freeze completely due to their high alcohol content. Nuts are another type of food that can be frozen – simply place them in a ziplock freezer bag and they’ll last for up to nine months. A spokesperson for NetVoucherCodes.co.uk said: “Freezing your fresh food and leftover meals is a simple way to save money each week. “By freezing what you don’t eat, you can save yourself from spending unnecessarily during your weekly shop. “By compiling this list of foods you didn’t know you could freeze, it will hopefully help weekly shops go the extra mile. “When it comes to freezing your food, it’s always advisable to use freezer-proof zip lock bags to keep foods fresh for when you come to use them,” the spokesperson added. “Remove any excess air before storing and be sure to label and date your preserved foods.”