 The shortage has been caused by protest group Just Stop Oil, who have blocked three key oil terminals across the UK on its 10th day of action. The group, who have close links with environmental activists Extinction Rebellion, have caused many petrol stations to run out of fuel, particularly in the South, with drivers in Oxfordshire and Cambridgeshire seeming to be the hardest hit.  Howard Cox, Founder of FairFuel Campaign, criticised the response to the protests, saying the Government needed to protect drivers from another fuel shortage. He claimed: "What the hell is the Government playing at? “Surely, they have learned the lessons of last year's HGV shortage episode when motorists were queuing to fill up needlessly. “It's now more than crucial they act and inform drivers factually what is happening, Priti Patel must order the police to protect the fuel supply chain and ensure there is no need to panic buy. READ MORE: Electric car owner fined £100 after charging his vehicle in car park  “Why is she not becoming more organised and proactive to safeguard uninterrupted petrol and diesel supplies to our forecourts? “Gutless, clueless and anti-driver are descriptors that come to mind.” Supporters of Just Stop Oil have disrupted oil supplies from oil terminals in Warwickshire, Hertfordshire and Essex. This involved digging tunnels under a key tanker route to the BP Kingsbury Terminal in Warwickshire. DON'T MISSDrivers call for EV owners to pay tax [COMMENT]'Outdated' hybrid cars 'should be banned' for delaying EV revolution [WARNING]Drivers to be fined for parking in EV bays this month [INSIGHT] The group have said they will continue protesting until the Government makes a statement pledging to end all new oil and gas projects in the UK. During the 10 days of protest so far, there have been over 800 arrests, with at least 60 more expected on Sunday. It comes as the AA pleaded at the weekend with drivers to fill up their cars as normal and to avoid rushing to petrol stations - even if they see that their local garages are closed on social media. A spokesperson said: “If you have half a tank, just wait until tomorrow or Monday to fill it up, there's no need to rush to the station.  “If your station is closed, you will probably find another one near you that isn't. “While the blockades have undoubtedly had an impact, the closures appear to be localised and not nationwide. “The only impact they've had so far is the equivalent of a bad storm, the fuel industry is more than capable of dealing with such disruptions. “The great thing about oil tankers is that they're mobile and can simply unload at other ports which aren't being targeted.”  Current data from RAC Fuel Watch shows an average price of 162.64p for a litre of petrol with diesel drivers being set back 176.90p, with costs expected to fall. Despite this, many drivers fear that the disruptions to regular deliveries at petrol stations will cause prices in certain areas to rocket again. It is expected that the protests on Sunday will have particularly strong implications for garages across the South East and the Midlands. More recently, Just Stop Oil have been protesting football games including a number of Premier League games in March as well as a German Bundesliga match on Sunday afternoon.