King Willem-Alexander and his family, Queen Maxima, Princess Catharina-Amalia, Princess Alexia and Princess Ariane will today (April 27) be marking King’s Day, the national celebration for Willem-Alexander’s birthday. Willem-Alexander has been King of the Netherlands since 2013, and he is the latest monarch to rule the country from the House of Orange-Nassau. Read on to find out about Willem-Alexander’s family tree, and his familial links to Queen Elizabeth II. King Willem-Alexander is a distant relation of Queen Elizabeth II, with the pair thought to be fifth cousins, twice removed. And the connection all starts with Princess Carolina of Orange-Nassau. Carolina (1743 to 1787) was the daughter of William IV, Prince of Orange, and his wife Anne, Princess Royal, who was herself the daughter of Britain’s King George II and his wife Queen Caroline. Princess Carolina was married to Charles Christian, Prince of Nassau-Weilburg, and they had 15 children together - of which only seven survived to adulthood. READ MORE: Harry claims 'immense' differences exist on therapy between US and UK  Queen Elizabeth II has links to Princess Carolina as her paternal grandmother Queen Mary, wife of King George V, was a descendant of her. And King Willem-Alexander descends from Princess Carolina through her son Frederick William, Prince of Nassau-Weilburg. Queen Elizabeth II is also related to other monarchs across Europe, including Queen Margrethe of Denmark, King Felipe VI of Spain, and King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden. The associations between many European monarchs can in part be attributed to two royal figures who have been dubbed the ‘grandmother’ and ‘father-in-law’ of Europe respectively. Descendants of Queen Victoria and King Christian IX of Denmark currently occupy the thrones of Belgium, Denmark, Luxembourg, Norway, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom, but not the Netherlands.  King Willem-Alexander is the eldest child of Princess Beatrix and her late husband Prince Claus of the Netherlands, and elder brother of Prince Friso and Prince Constantijn. Abdication is far more common in the Dutch royal family than it is in the British Royal Family, and Princess Beatrix ruled over the Netherlands as Queen from 1980 until 2013 until she abdicated in her son’s favour. Willem-Alexander and his wife Queen Maxima have been married since 2002, and they have three children together: DON'T MISS:Queen Máxima's father 'banned' from her wedding over controversial pas [INSIGHT] Prince Harry shakes hands with Dutch King at Invictus meeting [PICTURES]Harry and Meghan 'will not be given audience' with Dutch king [ANALYSIS]  Since the Kingdom of the Netherlands emerged in the 1800s, the term ‘Prince of Orange’ has usually been used by the heir apparent to the throne. The current Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, 18, will one day ascend the throne of the Netherlands and the constituent countries of Aruba, Curaçao and Sint Maarten. King William I was the first of seven monarchs from the House of Orange-Nassau to reign over the Kingdom of the Netherlands in 1815 when he proclaimed himself monarch. Other kings and queens of the Netherlands from the same royal house include King William II, King William III, Queen Wilhelmina, Queen Juliana and Queen Beatrix. 