Dan Walker paid tribute to his BBC Breakfast co-stars Sally Nugent and Carol Kirkwood during Tuesday's programme as he discussed why he was leaving the show after six years. The host has decided to jump ship from the BBC to take on a new role at Channel 5. It is unclear when Dan is leaving his role at BBC Breakfast, but admitted it would be within the "next few weeks". Despite being sad to leave the famous red sofa, Dan made a joke about why he was really leaving the show. As the Strictly Come Dancing star and Sally turned to Carol for the weather forecast, he reassured the meteorologist he loved her. "It is 6.47am exactly, let's go straight to Carol," Sally began as Dan interrupted: "I need to tell Carol that I actually love her." Sally continued: "Shall we do this now? Carol, let's do this now. Dan's a bit...yeah." READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... Dan continued: "I made a bit of a joke earlier Carol, saying I was leaving because I didn't like you and Sally," Dan laughed. "But I love you very much." "Well actually that's not what I've heard, Dan," Carol quipped back. "Sally and I are gutted." Dan went on to joke: "Crack on with the weather then, come on!" On Monday, Dan confirmed he would be leaving BBC Breakfast after six years on the show. The move comes after his co-star Louise Minchin also announced her departure last year. Elsewhere on the show, Dan paid a sweet tribute to his co-host, Sally, after telling her he "loved her to bits". The presenter went on to admit it's been "the hardest decision I've ever had to make". "I love you to bits and I love working with you," Dan told Sally. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star Ralf Little on ‘vindication’ of Neville [INSIGHT]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [NEWS]Channel 4 air Grease despite calls to never be shown again [REACTION] "I love you too, Daniel," Sally told him before Dan added: "I love the team at BBC Breakfast and the six years I've had on this sofa have been the best six years of my career by some distance. "But sometimes I think opportunities come along and you have to grab them, don't you? "I have never ever been motivated by money in any job that I have ever taken and even though I love BBC Breakfast and everyone that works on the show, this is a fantastic opportunity to work with a brilliant team at Channel 5. "And also go and make some programmes outside of news." After Dan confirmed the news of his exit on Twitter, his followers and colleagues rushed to wish him well in his new venture. Louise Minchin wrote: "Massive congratulations and good luck Dan. You will be missed on @BBCBreakfast but you won’t miss the early alarm calls." "Ohhhhhhhh I’ve loved working with @mrdanwalker & I loved working @5_News, so I wish them well & hope they’ll be very happy together ok so stop asking," Nina Warhurst penned. While Carol added: "Daaaaannnn …. Congratulations! Wishing you every success… but we will miss you." (sic) BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC one.