Council wardens in Northampton will start fining drivers of petrol and diesel vehicles for leaving their cars in EV charging bays this month, although for the next two weeks there will be a ‘grace period’ in which they will be sent a warning. West Northamptonshire Council says restrictions and enforcement with fixed penalty notices will be introduced from April 25 to ensure the 28 charging bays across the town are available for those that need them. Charging stations in seven locations were installed in January as part of a green partnership between the council and Virgin Media. Each location has four bays but to minimise the short-term impact on parking availability, two bays are for electric vehicles only while two can be used by either electric or non-electric vehicles. Enforcement for the bays marked ‘electric vehicles only’ will start on April 11 but, to give residents time to adjust to the new arrangements, drivers of fossil-fueled vehicles who flout parking restrictions during the first two weeks will be issued with warnings, rather than penalty charge notices. READ MORE: Driver who queued for 17 minutes to pay for parking gets fined £270 According to Northamptonshire Highways who manage parking fines in the town, Penalty Charge Notices usually mean a fine of £50 or £70 depending on the level of offence. These will reduce to £25 or £35 respectively, if paid within 14 days. While there are no blanket rules in the UK about parking a car in an EV charging bay, council owned spaces may well result in a fine. Charging bays in privately-owned car parks like those fined in supermarkets are open to interpretation. DON'T MISSGB News guest claims electric car 'broke after a few months' [WARNING]'Is this fair?' Motorists call on classic cars and EVs to pay car tax [COMMENT]Driver handed £100 parking fine at Bristol Airport for two minute stop [SHOCKING] James Walker, founder of dispute resolution service Resolver, said that electric vehicle charging bays are essentially owned by whoever is responsible for running them and so should be subject to the usual private parking fine rules. He said: “Fines would be applied by the owner of the space - the firm that runs it - and the usual rules would therefore apply. "There would have to be clear signage explaining the penalties for parking in this area and failure to do this – or unclear or hidden warnings – would mean you’d be able to appeal.” However even if the car parked in the bay is electric, that doesn’t mean a fine won’t be issued. To avoid the chances of a PCN, the driver must be actively charging while parked up, and then leave the space once the battery is full. One Hertfordshire council states: “Vehicles in the charging bay must be charging at the time of parking and display a valid parking ticket for the entire duration. "Vehicles parked in a charging bay without using the charging point, even with a valid ticket, will be at risk of being served with a Penalty Charge Notice.” According to Zapmap there are now more than 19,000 EV charging locations in the UK. West Northants Transport portfolio holder Councillor Phil Larratt said of the plans: “Having the right infrastructure in place is a crucial part of making electric vehicles more accessible to our residents. “The aim of this initiative was to improve electric vehicle charging facilities in residential areas, but that only works if people with electric vehicles can get access to the charge points. "So this is an important next step in the project.”