Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, 74, looks amazing in a navy and white stripey dress coat for Maundy Thursday at St George's Chapel. She arrived with Prince Charles in place of the Queen, who sadly had to pull out of the event. The dress-coat is mainly blue in colour, with two white vertical stripes on each side of the Duchess. The collars of the coat are also white, with the dress itself underneath appearing to be plain blue. The Duchess of Cornwall has paired the ensemble with a large navy hat, decorated with a white bow. Camilla's sensational navy hat is very impressive, with navy leaves embroidered on the top. READ MORE: Camilla beaming as her and Charles step out at Royal Maundy Service Around the centre of the hat, there is a white bow to add some character to the piece. The white and blue hat perfectly suits Camilla's dress-coat with the exact same colours. Camilla is also wearing her favourite pearl earrings, which feature a drop pearl underneath more jewels in a circle. These earrings happened to be her pick for her civil wedding to The Prince of Wales on April 9, 2005.   For her necklace, the Duchess chose her four-stranded necklace with a round diamond clasp. One of the absolute workhorses of Camilla’s jewel collection, this necklace features four strands of pearls linked by a round clasp of diamonds in a circular pattern. Whenever Camilla chooses a pearl choker at a daytime event, it is quite often this particular necklace.  She has also seemingly accessorised with her navy Chanel handbag to go with her beautiful four-strand pearl necklace.   The Duchess brought her £3,350 Chanel Coco Top Handle bag in blue to St George's Chapel. She has accessorised with this bag on many engagements recently. Royal fans took to social media praising Camilla's style. Twitter user @queen_kate said: "I love how happy she looks here."  Another fan, @camilla17071947 added: "No one can rock big hats like Camilla does." Twitter user @LunaB65353431 said: "Wow, Camilla looks gorgeous in large hats! "I love her big necklace!" Another Twitter account @sarahinroyal commented saying: "Wow her hat is stunning." 