easyJet has said that more bookings were made during the past six weeks than in the same period in 2019. Many travellers are booking their summer holidays now. Since Covid restrictions eased at the beginning of the year, more and more people have been booking holidays abroad, making up for lost time due to the pandemic. Covid travel restrictions were removed on January 24, and since easyJet has said that it has welcomed a “strong and sustained recovery”. The proportion of bookings between the UK and the European Union (EU) have been “broadly equal”. This is compared with a 70:30 split in favour of EU passengers last year when the UK imposed stricter conditions on travellers. READ MORE: Travel warning: Britons could spend 'weeks' without luggage In 2022, easyJet has seen a rise in booking numbers as more and more Britons ache to go abroad. But, in the first three months of this year, it operated at 80 percent of 2019 capacity. The airline expects to make a loss before tax in the range of £535million to £565million for the six months to the end of March. This is a decrease in its losses compared with the same period a year earlier, which is “ahead of market expectations”.  Johan Lundgren, chief executive of easyJet, said: “easyJet’s performance in the second quarter has been driven by improved trading following the UK Government’s decision to relax testing restrictions with an extra boost from self-help measures which saw us outperform market expectations. “Since travel restrictions were removed, easyJet has seen a strong recovery in trading which has been sustained, resulting in a positive outlook for Easter and beyond, with daily booking volumes for summer currently tracking ahead of those at the same time in FY19. “We remain confident in our plans which will see us reaching near 2019 flying levels for this summer and emerge as one of the winners in the recovery.” easyJet said it has flown 94 percent of its planned schedule in the last seven days, resulting in around 1,500 daily flights. This has been possible even with “the recent increase in the number of crew testing positive for Covid-19, together with normal operational disruption such as weather and ATC (air traffic control) delays”, according to easyJet. Due to these Covid-related issues, easyJet had to cancel many of its flights over the last few days. Yesterday, April 11, easyJet axed at least 32 flights from its biggest base, Gatwick. Other cancellations were made from Luton and Edinburgh. However, the airline said it “managed” to exceed its target flying levels by “making pre-emptive cancellations as early as possible, enabling the majority of our customers to rebook onto flights departing the same day”. It added the cancellations are being made “in advance to give customers the ability to rebook on to alternative flights”. British Airways also cancelled flights yesterday. The airline axed at least 58 domestic and European flights to and from Heathrow.