  Richard Arnold, 52, told Express.co.uk that he once interviewed musical theatre icon Barbra Streisand, 79. The Good Morning Britain presenter shared the anecdote from his early interviewing days while speaking at the Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest.     Richard has been the Entertainment Editor on ITV’s Good Morning Britain since 2014 and has been working in showbiz for over two decades. When asked about which celebrities he was most surprised by after many years of interviews, he opened up about the time he thought he had “upset” Barbra Streisand. He recalled their meeting on a hot summer’s day in New York, explaining: “My memory of Barbra Streisand was her stopping the interview halfway through… “And I thought, ‘Oh my goodness me. I've come all this way and I've upset Barbra!’     However, it seems the actress actually had a much kinder reason for putting the interview on pause. “She stopped the interview and she pulled out a tissue and she dabbed my top lip,” Richard revealed. “And she said, ‘We've got to take care of each other, right?’ “Because I’d got such a sweat on - the fact is it was very hot in New York at that time, because it was in September around fashion week.     “But yeah,” Richard mused, “I've been very lucky to meet them all - and not just famous people - but people from all walks of life. “They’ve got extraordinary stories to tell, so I feel very blessed to still be part of that.” Richard said some of his other personal favourite interviews over the years have included the likes of Dolly Parton, Celine Dion and Mariah Carey. The presenter said he was also thrilled to meet legendary musician Tony Bennett.      He said: “Tony Bennett and Barbra Streisand were two notable interviews because I'm such a huge fan. “I had a lovely time in Tony Bennett's apartment in New York. “It was wonderful, because his little dog, Happy, was just rolling around. “I was very much aware that I was lucky enough to be in the company with an absolute icon - an absolute legend.”      Speaking about his long career as Entertainment Editor, Richard went on to reflect: “Twenty-five years I’ve been on breakfast television. We celebrated that milestone in January.” “I think we're very lucky to do the job that we do. And I'm lucky to work with a team, a family, of players for as long as I have. “And it's a great honour to actually still be going in and just chatting to people at home. Sometimes I forget. I think I'm in my own living room at home and I'm just chatting away.” The Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest, the world’s longest-running home and interiors exhibition, will return to Olympia London next spring from 17th March to 2nd April 2023. For more information and tickets, please visit idealhomeshow.co.uk.   