Bruce Willis, 67, recently decided to step away from Hollywood as the actor's family announced his struggles with illness. The Hollywood actor has had his "worst performance" Razzie Award rescinded as a result of his aphasia diagnosis. Bruce is no longer the recipient of this year's Worst Performance Razzie Award, with the organisation pulling Bruce from the title after his recent health woes. The Hollywood actor had a total of eight films that have been highlighted at the Worst of Hollywood Razzie Award ceremony. It was his work on Cosmic Sin, however, that earned Bruce the Worst Performance. On Thursday, Razzie co-founders Mo Murphy and John Wilson released a statement. READ MORE: Jada Pinkett Smith filmed ‘laughing’ as Will Smith slapped Chris Rock It read: "If someone's medical condition is a factor in their decision making and/or their performance, we acknowledge that it is not appropriate to give them a Razzie." Bruce's daughter Rumer Willis took to Instagram to share the news about her father in view of her 902,000 Instagram followers. The statement read: "To Bruce’s amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities. "As a result of this and with much consideration Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him." The statement went on: "This is a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support. "We are moving through this as a strong family unit, and wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him. "As Bruce always says, 'Live it up' and together we plan to do just that." The message was signed off: "Love, Emma, Demi, Rumer, Scout, Tallulah, Mabel, & Evelyn." DON'T MISS... Gemma Atkinson apologises for her 'radio silence' on Instagram [INSTAGRAM] Demi Moore stuns in 90s pics that inspired Chris Rock's GI Jane jibe [PICTURES] 'Little lamb died' Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen's shares loss [LOSS] According to the National Aphasia Association, the condition is an impairment of language, affecting the production or comprehension of speech and the ability to read or write. The association reports that the condition is due to injury to the brain, most commonly from a stroke, particularly in older individuals. Head trauma, brain tumors, or infections can also cause aphasia. It is unclear, however, when Bruce was diagnosed with the brain condition. Many have led tributes to the star since his diagnosis, including his daughter, Scout Willis. In view of her 275,000 followers, the actress shared a sweet photo of her bonding with her father, who she affectionately called "papa". She captioned the post: "Papa... Yesterday was so surreal, sharing something so personal. "I didn’t know how it would be received, there is always an unknown when sharing out so vulnerably into the world." "It kept hitting me yesterday how much love, energy, and prayers were now being sent to my daddio and just humbling me in a way that brings tears as I write this. Scout concluded: "Thank you so much to everyone who reached out to me yesterday, I love and I appreciate you with all my heart, it’s gonna take me a whole to respond to your messages!"