Last Friday, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex arrived in the Netherlands to attend the Invictus Games, the sporting event for servicemen and women. The Games were launched by Harry in 2014 and the event is especially close to his heart. The couple got stuck into a fun driving challenge at the beginning of their visit to The Hague. The pair were driven around a small track by children in mini Land Rover vehicles. Meghan, 40, and Prince Harry, 37, sat in separate mini-vehicles and helped the children driving them to navigate the course. The Duke showed off his competitive streak by checking over his shoulder to gauge his wife’s whereabouts on the course.  After the challenge, the Sussexes shared what is believed to be their first hug in public. During their trip, the couple delighted royal fans by engaging in another public display of affection. The pair shared a kiss after the Duchess of Sussex introduced her “incredible husband” to the stage at the opening ceremony in the evening. She told the crowd: “I could not love and respect him more.” Normally public displays of affection go against royal tradition, but the couple, who stepped back from duties in 2020, were not afraid to be “very tactile” at the event according to a body language expert. READ MORE: Queen's driver forced to slam on brakes in terrifying near-miss Speaking on behalf of Betfair Casino, body language expert Darren Stanton claims these public displays of affection indicate that they are “a very strong unit” and “have a real love for each other.” In reference to the kiss the pair shared on stage, he referred to it as a rare display of “intimacy from a royal couple”. He said: “You don't usually see this kind of intimacy from a royal couple and it's clear to see the connection between the pair. “Meghan's eyes were closed and she was smiling, showing genuine joy and happiness - the same expression is visible on Harry's face and he and Meghan are touching as they both hold the microphone. DON'T MISS How ​​Princess Beatrix became one of Queen's close confidants [INSIGHT] Charles seeks head of writing to handle 'black spider' memos [REPORT] Piers Morgan makes brutal Meghan Markle and President Putin comparison [REVEAL] “This demonstrates that Harry and Meghan feel as strong as ever and there is no question that the pair have a real love for each other.” He also commented on the couple being tactile during the Games’ opening ceremony. Darren said the couple were “holding hands very tightly” and Meghan was “leaning in close to Harry” while they were both spotted with their hands on each other's knees, which further symbolises confidence in their relationship. The body language expert added they “clearly have a strong relationship” and are perhaps more tactile than Harry's brother and sister-in-law, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. He said: “Harry and Meghan have no issue with being tactile in public, similar to Kate and William to some extent who have been known to share public displays of affection during royal engagements.” Darren also claimed that the Sussexes and Cambridges' actions help to demonstrate the Royal Family was “modernising” and becoming “more personal”. He said: “Alongside Kate and William, Harry and Meghan are demonstrating a modernisation of the monarchy and on a more personal level. “Their appearance at the Invictus Games suggests Harry and Meghan are clearly a very strong unit together and they’re not afraid to show the world how they are very much still in love.”