Let's face it: we've never had a successful left-wing government that made us all feel better and wealthier. And just because the current Chancellor is wealthy and has an immensely rich wife, we are supposed to make him feel terrible. It is one of the bad traits of the British that we always look down on people who seem to have achieved something. As they say, when an American spots someone driving a Rolls-Royce, they cheer, "How amazing, I'd like to be able to do that." Whereas a Brit will look very dour and accuse the person of doing something wrong. Of course it's difficult at the moment. During Covid, our taxes were spent to look after the people who needed it and now we need to pay the bill, and cope with the zooming cost-of-living crisis. Rishi has now submitted himself for investigation by the PM's own independent adviser Lord Geidt. And his wife has agreed to pay tax on her foreign earnings here. So let him get back to sorting out our financial future. We need it! ----- There are a lot of problems with our current police force. There are obviously some very good officers out there but too many seem either to be abusing their positions or just wanting to be loved by everyone. The most recent annoyance is the picture of coppers standing in front of a sign saying that insulting people is a hate crime. For goodness' sake, get over yourselves. Go and stop knife crime, murder, rape and the rest of the criminality in this country. A few well-placed insults have never done any of us any harm. Police training and those people who are currently in charge of chief constables and their teams need to be looked at. Do we have the right people in those posts or do we just have yes-people? As matters stand, our police are fundamentally letting us down. ----- I know the world is a mad place, but I woke up the other morning to hear a warning that a serious news story was breaking. According to a BBC early years website, Tiny Happy People, parents of young children who only have white friends should "examine their bias". Yes, I had to think about that. So now, are we all supposedly racist if we only have friends of a certain colour, creed or religion? There are some areas of Britain, maybe out in the country for instance, where children are far less likely to meet people of any kind of diverse nature. Does that make them and their parents biased against everyone else?We have got to stop this labelling. The worst thing we ever got involved in in this country is "diversity". The world is diverse and we don't need to be told - unless someone is particularly stupid - that a human being is a human being whatever colour they are. Of course we all have our own little prejudices. Some people get very upset by the very fat, and go in for "fatshaming". Others complain about "skeletal" zerosized fashion models. Speaking personally, I have to accept that it is still perfectly acceptable to be quite rude about those of us who have no hair. And then there's the prejudice against people who do have hair... that happens to be ginger. So, as the French say, "vive la différence" and let's just get on with life. ----- Just come back from a holiday of a lifetime - a belated honeymoon, in fact. I've never been to the Caribbean before and to be quite honest, I've realised I've never really been on a proper holiday before. Have to confess, I just lay on the beach 90 per cent of the time. But I would like to thank the charming people of Antigua for a great break. What a wonderful way to live. If we could all only find that vibe, where we go more slowly, take our time to think about things. I spent what seemed an age chatting to a Rastafarian man on the beautiful white sandy beach of Dickinson Bay, looking out on to what can only be described as the most beautiful blue sea in the world. We were talking about life in general: I'm not a fan of religion, but I think I could quite happily become Rastafarian. But one very disturbing sight. On a tour of the island, one of the locals took me to see the building of the new Chinese embassy. It's not so much an embassy, more a huge fort, with cameras, aerials and impenetrable walls... all in the middle of nowhere. Why would the Chinese need a building like this on such a small, quiet and beautiful island? ----- A group of Scottish GPs and clinicians have written to Caroline Lamb, chief executive of NHS Scotland, saying Scots hospitals should switch to serving patients only vegan food. They say it would save cash and improve health. Not surprisingly, the suggestion has all those meat-producing Scots farmers fuming. Though the plan does seem over the top, from a health point of view, we could all do with eating less meat. It's become a food on which people tend not to think too much about where it's come from. Better than banning meat, every child should be educated as to where it comes from, including a trip to an abattoir. In fact, perhaps everyone should visit an abattoir. That might well swell the ranks of vegans quite significantly. ------ Some people are getting very upset about Boris failing to resign, but he's doing an amazing job considering what's going on in his premiership. He should be given a break. It's time to stop this moan of "We had to follow the rules but they didn't" nonsense. And the plan to send asylum seekers to another country seems an excellent idea. The sooner we can get it sorted the better. Unfortunately, legal challenges may slow the process. One way or another, maybe by setting up legal entry routes as has been done - to varying degrees of success - for Ukrainian, Afghan and Hong Kong refugees, we have to try to put the people smugglers out of business. Well done Boris, and don't let the rest of them keep you down. ----- Many of you are aware that I have stage four kidney cancer and because of that disappeared rather abruptly in the middle of my radio show last week. The issue is now hopefully under control. So, many thanks to everybody at the NHS for looking after me, particularly Professor Tom. Once again the NHS clinical staff have done an amazing job. And thanks above all to my guardian angel, Lady W.