Prince Harry, 37, is currently in the Netherlands for this year's Invictus Games events. During his European visit, the Duke spoke in an interview for NBC's Today show. In the interview, Harry spoke about the Royal Family and discussed how he wants to "protect" the Queen. The comment has sparked questions as to whether it could "drive him further away" from the Royal Family and in particular, the Queen, who is to celebrate her 96th birthday on Thursday. GMB's North American Correspondent Noel Phillip's discussed the Duke's interview. Mr Phillips said: "This is another TV moment that has the potential to drive Harry even further away from his family. "This interview was meant to be about the Invictus Games and to celebrate just how successsful they were in making its comeback, especially after the Covid break." He added: "But instead, it's [the interview] descended into Harry voicing and airing his frustrations once again. "I have got to say, watching this interview, you see a very different side to Harry." READ MORE: Prince Harry says he is 'making sure Queen is protected' and surrounded by 'right people' The interview comes just a year after Harry and Meghan's "bombshell" tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey. Before arriving in the Netherlands, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle flew into the UK and met with the Queen. The Duke of Sussex told NBC he and Meghan had tea with Her Majesty, saying she was in “great form” during their visit. The UK pitstop was their his first in-person meeting with Her Majesty since he attended the funeral of Prince Philip last April. At the time of the funeral, Meghan was pregnant with their second child, daughter Lilibet, so Harry attended alone. The recent visit to the UK and the Netherlands was the first overseas trip together for the couple. READ MORE: Prince Harry says Queen in ‘great form’ as Duke opens about meeting with Her Majesty Before arriving in the Netherlands, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle flew into the UK and met with the Queen. Aside from the funeral, Harry returned to the UK last July for the unveiling of a statue of his mother, the late Diana, Princess of Wales. The unveiling happened on July 1st, which would have been the late royal’s 60th birthday. He attended this event with his brother, Prince William. Last month, the Royal Family attended a memorial service for the late Duke of Edinburgh and Harry was notably absent. Despite no official statement being released, the reason noted for Harry's absence was believed to be down to his security concerns. The Duke is in dispute with the British Government over security. In the days leading up to the Games, it was confirmed that Meghan was to join her husband for the first few days. She has now travelled back to the US. Prince Harry founded the Invictus Games after his own tour of duty in Afghanistan. The first Invictus Games took place in London in 2014 and this year's event is the fifth Games.