The Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation announced on Tuesday that it received 302billion rubles less than expected for the month of March 2022.  The country received oil and gas revenues of 496bilion (4.5billion) rubles in March, but was forecast to receive around 790billion (£7billion). Russia's Ministry of Finance also predicted that the country would earn this revenue as the price of oil has surged since Russia first invaded Ukraine in mid February.  The report says: "The adjustment is due to the deviation of gas export volumes from the forecast level, as well as a lower dynamics of revenues under the AIT regime and an increase in the reimbursement of excise duty on petroleum raw materials, including due to a change in the structure of certain elements of taxation." This comes as the West has been attempting to slash its dependence on Russian energy amid the Ukraine war. The UK said earlier this month that it would ban all Russian oil by the end of the year. The US has already slapped down an embargo on a number of Russian fuels after US President Joe Biden singed an Executive Order (E.O.), banning the import of Russian oil, liquefied natural gas, and coal. The EU, while it has been slower to slap sanctions on Russia's energy sector, now appears to be changing its tone too. It's REPowerEU plan details how it can phase out oil and gas imports by two thirds by the end of the year, and completely scupper ties by 2030. Even Germany, which gets at least half of its gas from Russia, has appeared more willing to introduce sanctions and limit Russian imports. French President Emmanuel Macron has now said the France is ready to embargo Russain oil and coal to "punish" Putin for alleged war crimes in Ukraine, but appeared reluctant to mention gas. Poland, on the other hand, has uveiled what it referred to as the "most radical" plan made by any country in an attempt to ditch Russian fossil fuels, incuding the plot to ban oil,  gas and coal imports from Russia.  But despite Russia not banking as large a profit as it expected, the EU still hands Russia billions for its imports, relying on Putin for a third of its gas needs. According to the Centre for Research on Energy and Clean Air, a European think tank, the bloc has paid Russia nearly €19billion (£16billion) since the war began in mid-February. And Russia has still been sending gas flows through key pipeline routes into Europe despite fears he would slash supplies Putin sparked fears of a supply cut after "unfriendly" countries which he demanded pay for gas in rubles refused his request. On Monday, gas was still flowing through the Yamal-Europe pipeline, despite an uncertainty over payment terms as the West threatened harsher sanctions over the alleged war crimes committed in the outskirts of Kyiv.  But Gazprom, Russia's state-owned energy congolomerate, has maintained that it will keep sending gas to customers via Ukraine in line with request with customers in Europe. And even though Germany has appeared to change its tone with regard to sanctioning Russian, there still seems to be some opposition to this stance in the country. While German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock said on yesterday that the EU is ready to "significantly tighten" sanctions against Moscow, Germany's Finance Minister warned that energy sanctions would cause more damage to the bloc than to Russia. Christian Lindner said in Brussels on Monday: ""We are dealing with a criminal war. "It is clear we must end as quickly as possible all economic ties to Russia. Gas cannot be substituted in the short term." This is a breaking story. More to follow.