Artem Severiukhin has broken his silence after drawing huge criticism following his alleged 'Nazi salute' on the podium after winning the FIA Karting European Championship in Portugal. The Russian teenager was victorious in the 11-15 age group category, but was competing under the Italian flag as his country continues to be barred from international sporting events. But after winning the event, he sparked criticism with his behaviour as the national anthem was played out. He initially beat his chest before appearing to then perform a Nazi salute standing atop the podium, which led to him bursting out in laughter. Severyukhin has since been suspended by his karting team, and he has now issued a grovelling apology but denied the perceived actions. In a video, the young driver said: "I want to apologise to everyone for what happened yesterday in the European Karting Championship. "Standing on the podium, I made a gesture which many perceived as a Nazi salute. It's not true, I have never supported Nazism, it was one of the worst crimes against humanity. But I raced under an Italian licence and flag and the guys in front of the podium showed me that in Italy, in such cases, it's customary to hit yourself on the chest in the heart area. JUST IN: Mercedes' Toto Wolff hits out at FIA's jewellery crackdown after Lewis Hamilton targeted  He added: "I just wanted to make a gesture, and how everything has happened, I can't explain. I know that I'm a fool and I am ready to be punished, I am sorry." That punishment it seems, has already come, with his Swedish Ward Racing team confirming they willm be terminating his contract for what they described as "an unacceptable violation of the ethical and moral sports codex." The team said in a statement: "Ward Racing accordingly condemns the personal actions of pilot Artem Severyukhin during the award ceremony on April 10, 2022 in the strongest possible terms, as it considers them a manifestation of unsportsmanlike behaviour, an unacceptable violation of the ethical and moral sports codex. With this statement, Ward Racing expresses its opinion, as well as the opinion of all athletes and staff of the Ward Racing team. DON'T MISS:Martin Brundle tells Carlos Sainz his awkward Charles Leclerc prediction is coming trueCharles Leclerc and Max Verstappen fired Lewis Hamilton warning with Mercedes clinging onCharles Leclerc asks Ferrari to fix 'problem' despite Lewis Hamilton's wish  "On the basis of these considerations, Ward Racing sees no possibility for continued co-operation with Artem Severyukhin and will proceed with terminating his racing contract." The incident caused a storm on social media, with the karter coming in for a barrage of criticism. It is not yet clear why he was eligible to compete for Italy.