China signed a deal with the Solomon Islands this week that could allow them to build a military base and “bring in troops, ships and equipment” that could threaten peace in the Pacific. Greg Sheridan, Foreign editor of The Australian, described allowing the island to become a “client state” of China as a “catastrophic failure” for his country. He said that the Chinese could now take a “long-term lease” on property on the island and “within the blink of an eye” threaten Australian peace and security.    Mr Sheridan told Sky News Australia: “This is a catastrophic failure for Australia. If we can’t influence our close friend the Solomon Islands, where we have everything at stake, not to become a client state of the Chinese, then that is a tremendous failure. “This agreement does not guarantee that there will be a Chinese military base on the islands, but it makes it much much more likely. “Under the terms of this agreement, the Chinese can bring in troops, ships, policemen and equipment. “[Solomon Islands Prime Minister] Sogavare doesn’t face election for another year and he’s talking about extending the parliamentary term for another year after that.    “The Chinese are very likely to take some sort of long-term lease on some bit of property and circulate massive amounts of money around. “Within the blink of an eye, it will be practically impossible to dislodge them. And don’t think that the Solomon Islands is the end of the story in the Pacific. “So then, what are Australia going to do about that in terms of the defence force? Do we have missiles that could deal with Chinese ships in our waters? Do we have overflow capacity, or an armed drone, for example, no. “We just abolished our only armed drone programme and I think this is a cluster mess of Australian policy.” READ MORE: China swoops on key Commonwealth island in Pacific - JONATHAN SAXTY [REPORT]   Australia accelerated its long range missile programmes when the draft agreement with China and the Solomon Islands, which is located just 1,400 miles north of Australia, was announced. Following the conclusion of the deal this week, Australia's Labor opposition called it the "worst failure of Australian foreign policy in the Pacific" in 80 years. Australian foreign minister Marise Payne suggested that the Chinese pact amounted to an invasion upon the Pacific family. In a joint statement, Ms Payne and Pacific Minister Zed Seselja said: "Our consistently stated view, including from the perspective of Australia's national interests, remains that the Pacific family is best placed to meet the security needs of the region.” DON'T MISS: Solomon Islands sending red warning signals to world over China [REPORT] Australia sends military onto Island to curb anti-China protests [REPORT] Trump humiliation: China poised to prosper as US makes blunder [REVEAL]  The Solomon Islands Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare said that the pact would not “undermine peace and harmony” in the Pacific. He claimed that the deal had been struck “with our eyes wide open, guided by our national interests” and that China was best placed to alleviate the island’s “own internal security situation”. Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Zhao Lijan said that the AUKUS alliance, which will see the USA and UK supply nuclear-capable submarines to Australia, was the real threat to Pacific peace, calling it “irresponsible”. He said the alliance risked “severely damaging regional peace… and intensifying the arms race.”   