Good Morning Britain's weather presenter Alex Beresford, 41, announced he is engaged to girlfriend Imogen McKay, 29, earlier this week. The meteorologist revealed that the couple had met through a mutual friend who had joked that his new partner was "too good" for him. The dad-of-one explained that he was not having much luck in the dating department and was looking for a relationship. The weather forecaster purposely avoided dating apps as he preferred to meet a significant other through more traditional means. Addressing his romantic woes with a friend, Alex shared that he was having trouble finding love and wondered if his pal knew anyone whom he might connect with. As luck would have it, the mutual friend shared they knew someone he may take a liking to but joked the stranger was out of his league. READ MORE: Dan Walker admits 'upsetting' Sally Nugent amid replacement update  Speaking in a new interview, Alex admitted he had been single for a long time. He said: "I'd been on my own for a while and was ready for a new relationship. But I was adamant I didn't want to try a dating website. "I'm of an age where before social media, you met a girl, took her phone number and called to invite her out." He explained that he asked a friend if she knew anyone he would get on with, to which they replied: "I do - but she's way too good for you!"  The presenter said he laughed along and told her, "She's the one that I want!" The ITV favourite added to HELLO!: "We hit it off from the start." Alex and Imogen began dating in August 2020 after their friend set them up on a blind date. Imogen, who grew up in Australia, works in e-commerce operations for a top London restaurant. DON'T MISS... Edwina Currie slams Rylan Clark's claim Boris 'broke the law'[LATEST]Victoria Beckham dressed celeb pals at Brooklyn's wedding[PICTURES]Johnny Depp's sister says Amber Heard called him 'old, fat man'[UPDATE] The presenter proposed on New Year's Day while the couple was on holiday in Majorca. The moment arose when they were enjoying a romantic stroll on the beach. They are planning to tie the knot in September and will return to Majorca for the ceremony. Alex’s 12-year-old son Cruz, who he shares with ex-partner Natalia, will be the ring bearer and mini best man. The GMB host teased the big news on Instagram and was inundated with congratulatory messages. Alex penned: "Hi guys I’ve got some news!" Celebrity pals and fans alike flooded the comment section, as former Pussycat Doll Melody Thornton penned: "Aaaaah amazing." Bake Off winner Candice Brown said: "So many congratulations."