Bridgerton season two took a different turn as the Netflix hit series shone a light on Anthony Bridgerton's (played by Jonathan Bailey) emotional vulnerability. The latest outing saw Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley) and her sister Edwina (Charithra Chandran) arrive in London to shake up the ton. The TV series is known and loved for its elaborate dances and grand ball scenes, all of which are enhanced by the one-of-a-kind soundtrack. Bridgerton appears to be one of the first period dramas to mix modern hits with orchestral sounds. The historical drama's soundtrack for the second season includes renditions of Harry Styles' hit Sign of the Times and Rihanna's Diamonds. Fans have fallen in love with the unique sound and the latest love story features a number of musical highlights. Multi-talented musicians, arrangers and veteran composers Axel Tanner and Daniel Belardinelli launched their partnership as Duomo in 2016. At the time, they could never have imagined they would someday become a cultural phenomenon thanks to Bridgerton. READ MORE:Bridgerton season 3: Who does Benedict Bridgerton marry? Their energetic string arrangement of Taylor Swift’s Wildest Dreams became one of the most iconic parts of the series. They worked on two tracks for the second season, Alanis Morissette’s You Oughta Know and Pink’s What About Us. Duomo spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how they were "kept in the dark" about how their music would be used, but it was for the better. They said: "Unfortunately, they only license our music as they see fit. So we really don’t know anything about the storylines or the intended use of our music beforehand. "They do always make us sound and look really great, though. So we’re not too mad about being kept in the dark." The first time the duo saw their music featured alongside the season two scenes, they were "absolutely thrilled". They said: "We’re fans of the show, whether our music is in it or not. But being a fan of a show and having your music in it is a pretty sweet deal." Although it may seem challenging to replicate a pop track in a classical style, the musical pair said it came easily to them. They said: "We weren’t asked to do them, but did them because of our admiration for these artists and these particular tracks. DON'T MISS... How old is Edwina Sharma in Bridgerton? [EXPLAINER] Bridgerton's Jonathan Bailey has advice for the season 3's lead [INSIGHT] Bridgerton season 2: 'Tragic' outcome for the Sharmas was inevitable [DISCUSSION] "The request for those tracks came after we had already finished them. Maybe this is also part of why they were chosen." Axel and Daniel have a full cover album, titled Reprise, which features the two Bridgerton tracks amongst others. They opened up about why they felt the Bridgerton soundtrack as a whole has been such a huge hit. The stars said: "We think the producers of the show just hit gold with this idea to combine the costume drama and pop culture of the show and mirroring exactly this approach in the music. "Classical instruments and arrangements of contemporary pop songs. "Of course, everybody is an expert after the fact, but it just makes so much sense. Plus, people love covers in all forms and shapes." The series has already been renewed for a third and fourth season and the pair would love to be involved once more. They concluded: "Of course we would be thrilled to have our music in the third season. "Bridgerton is definitely here to stay and we want to be, too."  Bridgerton seasons 1 and 2 are on Netflix now. A third and fourth season have already been commissioned.