The channel, which had been online-only for six years, was relaunched in ­February. However, after initial success, the channel has seen a drop in viewers. In the seven day period from March 14 to March 20, audience researchers BARB recorded the most watched broadcast from BBC Three was A Star Is Born, with 188,600 viewers. In BARB’s Four Screen Viewing metric, only five programmes cracked the 100,000 viewer mark, including Glow-Up: Britain’s Next Make-Up Star; Athletics: World Indoor Championships; Comic Relief and Masterchef Australia’s Thursday broadcast. Comic Relief pulled in 129,275 viewers on BBC Three, compared to 2.2 million on BBC One and 1.37 million on BBC Two. BARB only shows the top 15 broadcasts, with the lowest shown being Mood with 54,594 viewers. Other broadcasts are unranked but below Mood’s viewer count. Nigel Mills, Conservative MP for Amber Valley in Derbyshire, railed against the BBC’s spending on another channel. He told the outlet: “This is typical BBC — throwing public money around on projects with little planning or worry about the consequences. “It needs to urgently rethink this. It’s a complete waste of money.” In a statement to Express.co.uk, the BBC said: “Quoting selective figures is misleading when millions have tuned in to watch shows on the broadcast channel since its launch. "BBC Three programmes have been streamed 57 million times on iPlayer and audiences value the option to choose when and where they watch. "We don’t judge a show on a single overnight rating as it doesn’t reflect real programme viewing as there is often more than one opportunity to watch on both broadcast and online.” READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Project Fear dismantled by Dover port boss “Quoting selective figures is misleading when millions have tuned in to watch shows on the broadcast channel since its launch. BBC Three programmes have been streamed 57 million times on iPlayer and audiences value the option to choose when and where they watch. We don’t judge a show on a single overnight rating as it doesn’t reflect real programme viewing as there is often more than one opportunity to watch on both broadcast and online.” BBC Three was first taken off of television screens in 2016 following budget cuts, and was replaced by an over-the-top internet streaming service available on iPlayer. On May 20 2020, it was announced within the BBC's annual plan that the corporation is "considering the case" for returning BBC Three to linear television, following the success of shows such as Normal People, Fleabag and This Country. In its budget proposal in 2020, the BBC argued the internet service “now has the potential to reach a wider audience on a linear channel, as well as the key demographic which will continue to watch online”. For its first night back on air, BBC Three ratings peaked at 375,000 views and debuted RuPaul’s Drag Race: UK versus the World, launched new sketch show Lazy Susan and aired long-running dating show Eating With My Ex. Charlotte Moore, the BBC’s chief content officer, said many young people still enjoyed watching television in the traditional way, and BBC Three’s relaunch was aimed at them, despite the rise of YouTube and streaming services. She said: “While the BBC does well with large parts of the younger audience – on average, young adults in the UK spend more media time per week (seven-and-a-half hours) with BBC’s services than any other brand – our research identified a significant group of younger viewers who maintain a strong linear TV habit but are currently light users of the BBC. We want to change that.” Fiona Campbell, BBC Three’s controller, said at at the Festival of Marketing: Transform on March 24 the channels on-air relaunch is the “final hook” to pulling in “opportunity” viewers. She said: “A channel is not to be judged by itself. It’s a small layer of the hardest-to-reach part of the audience that we’re trying to make aware of the shows we have, that are aimed at them.” It comes as the BBC is set to cut content to plug a £285 million funding gap amid the licence fee freeze. In its annual report, the BBC said culture secretary Nadine Dorries’ controversial move to freeze the annual licence fee at £159 for the next two years would cost it £285 million by 2027/28. They added the freeze was “challenging, particularly at a time of high inflation and media super-inflation.” While the BBC said it would publish a comprehensive savings strategy in May to find the extra £285 million, which includes £55 million alone in 2022/23, the annual report said the gap “will mean a reduction in the BBC’s audience offer.”