Russia's invasion of Ukraine has been raging for over two months, and there are still no signs of an end in sight, as peace talks have halted. Mr Wallace claimed that if Russia felt like they were losing the war they may dig in and fortify, which will lead to a frozen conflict that could be ongoing. The Defence Secretary then discussed Russian forces killing Ukrainians since the occupation of Donetsk and Crimea.  LBC host Nick Ferrari said: "Conquer with your senior colleagues, Secretary of State good morning." Mr Wallace told LBC: "Good morning Nick, well look, certainly, if Russia recognises that it's losing it could do another strategy which is effectively to dig in, fortify what it's got and make it some form of frozen conflict." Mr Wallace continued: "Crimea, Donetsk and if you cast your mind back to 2014 having invaded illegally. "It basically set up a line of defences and hunkered down and used snipers to just pick off members of the Ukrainian army.  JUST IN: Tory frontbencher left open-mouthed by Labour council’s £27k EU flag bill     "11,000 were actually killed over those sort of eight years. "So it could definitely do that, and turn it effectively into a sort of slow-moving frozen occupation." Mr Wallace said: "Like a sort of cancerous growth in Ukraine. "And I think that's why it's very important that we assist Ukrainians, get the limpet off the rock effectively.   READ MORE:'Anti-Brexit' Joe Biden is 'eating his words' as 'powerful' Boris 'putting US to shame'     "Make sure they don't put down their root and dig in." Foreign Secretary Liz Truss this week warned the conflict between Russia and Ukraine could last more than five years if pressure is not exercised on Putin from the get-go. Prime Minister Boris Johnson praised Ukraine for standing strong again Russian bombardment during his visit to meet Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky earlier this month.  Mr Johnson said: "It is a privilege to be able to travel to Ukraine and meet President Zelenskyy in person in Kyiv today. "Ukraine has defied the odds and pushed back Russian forces from the gates of Kyiv, achieving the greatest feat of arms of the 21st century. DON’T MISS: Putin 'rubbing hands with glee' as fossil fuel exports soar £52bn despite Ukraine war [INSIGHT]Putin humiliated after ‘overestimating’ Chechen army - Elite forces given ‘sinister’ role [WORLD]Prince Harry 'refuses to bend' over Charles' coronation as he issues 'red line' on Camilla [ROYAL] Mr Johnson added: "It is because of President Zelenskyy’s resolute leadership and the invincible heroism and courage of the Ukrainian people that Putin’s monstrous aims are being thwarted. "I made clear today that the United Kingdom stands unwaveringly with them in this ongoing fight, and we are in it for the long run. "We are stepping up our own military and economic support and convening a global alliance to bring this tragedy to an end, and ensure Ukraine survives and thrives as a free and sovereign nation." 