The man, who has not been named, was found mauled on a beach in South Africa on Friday. Authorities said the man may have died after being attacked by a shark following his body's discovery by a passerby at around 4.30pm. A second body was also reported to emergency services at La Lucia beach in Durban, but local authorities could not locate the swimmer. It is believed the second victim was washed back out to sea. Durban North South African Police Service is investigating the circumstances of the man’s death. South African medical emergency care provider, Netcare 911, said a chunk of the man’s right arm and chest were missing, with what appeared to be shark bites visible on his body. Netcare 911 Spokesperson Shawn Herbst said: "Reports indicate that while walking on the beach, a man came across the decomposing body of an adult male face down between washed-up flotsam. "When medics turned the body over for assessments they found that a portion of the right upper arm and right chest were missing with multiple shark bites clearly visible. "A second body was also found in the shore break, but it had been washed back out to sea by the strong surf before lifeguards arrived on scene. "Officials will determine the exact cause of death with the body handed over to Durban SAPS for further investigation." READ MORE: French urged to turn off dishwashers as energy crisis deepens The South African province of KwaZulu-Natal, which includes Durban, has introduced ‘shark nets’ to protect swimmers who venture out to sea. The nets are secured metres below the surface of the ocean to separate human swimmers from sharks approaching the shoreline. The province’s beaches will also raise red flags to warn swimmers or surfers when a shark has been spotted. The red flags bear the emblem of a shark, and will often be accompanied by a siren sounding. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Putin horror as Kyiv claims '18,300' Russians dead [LIVE] NATO map: The three countries that could attack Russia first in WW3 [MAP] POLL: Should Boris Johnson resign if fined by Met Police? [VOTE] The red flag denotes a shark’s presence detected the same day, but the creature’s whereabouts are now unknown. A white flag warns swimmers not to enter the water as a shark has just been detected. Shark research organisation Shark Spotters says around 250 shark attacks have been recorded in South Africa since 1905. They add that three shark species are typically responsible for these attacks: tiger, bull and white sharks. According to the group, 2015 was the year where the most shark bites were reported at 98 attacks. Back in 2011, a British man in South Africa was ambushed by an estimated 11-foot-long shark, losing a leg despite the best efforts of emergency services. Michael Cohen, 43, was dragged ashore by witnesses before first responders rushed to treat him on the scene at Fish Hoek Beach. He was airlifted to hospital before having his leg amputated, with emergency services estimating Mr Cohen needed seven litres of blood to replace the quantity he lost in the attack.