Cleaning influencer Lynsey Crombie has shared her tips for removing stains from mattresses and pillows. Lynsey, who is a cleaning expert on ITV’s This Morning, shared her hydrogen peroxide method for mattress and pillow stains on her Instagram story earlier today. She said: “If you guys have any mattress stains, this is honestly my go-to product. Just hydrogen peroxide. “We have just found a couple of old pillows in the loft. “Rather than chuck them away, I’m cleaning them up using the hydrogen peroxide for any yellow marks. “Then I will put them in the tumble dryer.” Lynsey said she will be sharing a step-by-step video in the next couple of days which shows exactly how to remove the stains using hydrogen peroxide. READ MORE: What to do with your daffodils once they've finished flowering  The cleaning expert said “this is definitely the best product” for removing stains from mattresses and pillows. Twelve percent Hydrogen Peroxide is available to buy from Amazon for £14.99. McKLords Hydrogen Peroxide three percent costs £5.99 from Amazon. Hydrogen Peroxide 12 percent costs £4.95 from eBay.  DON'T MISSLawn: ‘Always’ follow the ‘one third rule’ when mowing grass [INSIGHT]Property for sale: Hydrangeas and other plants to add home value [UPDATE]Briton loses £2,500 after convincing rental scam [ANALYSIS] Lynsey describes Sundays as “clean sheets Sunday”. She can often be seen washing her bedding on Sundays, encouraging her followers to do the same. She put her sheets in the wash today using Surf tropical lily liquid detergent and Wilton jasmine fabric conditioner. The cleaning expert hung her washing outside to dry. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea She said: “Second load on today. The sun is beautiful and is a great natural whitener and disinfectant.” Lynsey also vacuumed her mattress and pillow using the vanhaus UV bed vacuum. Another way to remove mattress stains is by using a 50/50 solution of water and white vinegar. Using a spray bottle, put the solution on the stain and blot it with a cloth.  This should be repeated until the stain has disappeared. Baking soda can then be sprinkled over the patch and hoovered up before being allowed to dry. Lynsey has more than 264,000 followers on Instagram, is a best-selling author and columnist. Her latest book, Queen of Clean - The 15-Minute Clean: The quickest way to a sparkling home, advises homeowners on how to streamline their cleaning regime to just 15 minutes.