Finfluencers, or financial influencers, lacking skills, experience and qualifications could be putting Britons and themselves at risk. Vivi Friedgut, founder and CEO at Blackbullion, shared exclusively with Express.co.uk why young people may inadvertently put themselves in the firing line and what a trustworthy finfluencer looks like.  Influencers are becoming an increasingly large part of daily life for many young people, and while this generally isn’t too harmful taking the wrong advice with one’s money can have devastating consequences. While some finfluencers may not intend to cause harm, having sound financial knowledge involves a lot more than being able to save a few hundred pounds. As the cost of living crunch continues to bite, this is unfortunately where many people turn to as interesting caption or captivating images of finfluencers with their new expensive purchases gives the impression that following their advice can lead people to a richer lifestyle. The dangers of these finfluencers are undeniable but they have also brought about an unexpected upside in the way they brought financial education to the forefront.   Previously taboo topics such as debt, income and financial struggles have now been brought into the mainstream and have intrigued young people enough to consider widening their financial knowledge years before their parents' generation would have. However, this has also resulted in increased anxiety as research found the majority of students are worried about money. The Student Money and Wellbeing 2022 report by Blackbullion highlighted a growing need for financial education, with 33 percent of students using social media to learn about money. Surprisingly, there was a gender disparity as well as male students were twice as likely to turn to the internet for financial education, often leaving them eagerly absorbing knowledge from the hands of finfluencers.     Ms Friedgut commented: “We know that for many Gen Zs and millennial users, TikTok is their first and their only financial education. “The pandemic made personal finance a much bigger focus for young people. We know that the rising cost of living is the number one concern for young people, so they want to feel more in control of their money.” She added that the societal impact of seeing people their age thriving financially also made Gen Zs and millennials more likely to “take advice from them over, say, their parents who are worrying about energy costs”. Ms Friedgut cautioned: “There’s an alarming flurry of finfluencers out there lacking both the skills, experience, not to mention qualifications, to give financial advice.  “Whether they’ve struck gold on crypto or through an influencer sponsorship opportunity, does this qualify you to tell other young people how to make money? “What’s particularly worrying is too often, we see finfluencers expounding the value of taking big financial risks with no backdrop of actual financial education. At the same time they’re benefitting from the trust of their young audiences in terms of their own earnings.” Compounding this problematic situation is the fact that finfluencers have no current regulations, making it a Wild West with viewers being the most at risk. While sharing savings tips online may not seem all that dangerous, the real concern lies with finfluencers getting involved in the investment world. Ms Friedgut shared: “There’s a real gap in how young people understand the huge range of financial risk crypto carries. Of course, they’re influenced by the make money fast story rather than reality of the potential loss any investment carries through to value volatility.  “And that’s before we get to the lack of protection compounded by a snowball of celebrity or finfluencer endorsements, fake advocacy and honestly, scams.” Potentially the biggest issue with finfluencers is not what they are doing, advising or suggesting, but that people will assume this is validated, truthful and accurate. Ms Friedgut highlighted: "Many of these finfluencers are gravely unqualified to proffer meaningful personal finance tips. You even see some encourage bigger financial risks, which can end up with a young person accumulating even more debt that then spirals.” She concluded: “At Blackbullion, we’ll always champion financial education. But the non-negotiable is that it comes from trusted and credible sources. Students need to be supported by approved financial advice – which means more than a blue tick.” Virgin Money also shared trusted and verified finfluencers Britons can trust such as MrMoneyJar, Pennies to Pounds and This Girl Talks Money.