The National Lottery gives players across the UK the opportunity to take home life-changing sums twice a week. The draw takes place every Wednesday and Saturday and tonight, those who are participating will be given the chance to snap up a staggering £8.4 million jackpot prize, as well as opportunities to win additional smaller cash prizes. Tonight is a triple rollover, which means there were no lucky winners of the past three draws. When a rollover takes place, the sums that would have previously been awarded to the top-tier winner are instead added to the draw of the next Lotto night’s jackpot - making for tonight’s colossal £8.4 million. To be in with a chance of winning, you'll have to buy your ticket by 7.30pm in time for the Lotto draw at 8pm, and the Thunderball draw at 8.15pm. READ MORE: Dad 'stabs burglar to death' after watching him raid home on doorbell  Tonight's winning Lotto numbers are 10, 22, 35, 38, 56, 57 and the bonus ball is 46. Tonight's winning Thunderball numbers are 1, 15, 33, 34, 39 and the bonus ball is 6. Players much choose six numbers from one to 59 - or you have the option to go with a lucky dip, which selects random numbers for you.  Each line costs £2, and players can select up to seven lines of numbers on each slip - of which you can buy 10 slips at a time. If you choose the six main numbers, you’ll take home the jackpot prize. Although, there is still ample opportunity to take home some winnings if you’re not so lucky with the jackpot - even by choosing as few as two of the main numbers. By choosing five of the main numbers as well as the bonus ball, you can take home £1 million. DON'T MISS:Tax-free pension cash warning - early withdrawals danger [EXPLAINED]EasyJet emergency: Flight from Amsterdam squawks '7700' [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola video of youth arrests sparks huge support for police officer [INSIGHT]    Five main numbers equate to £1,750; four main numbers equate to £140; three main numbers equate to £30, and choosing two of the main numbers put you in for the Free Lucky Dip. To put yourself in the running for tonight’s £500k Thunderball, for £1 per line, players must choose five main numbers from one to 39 and one Thunderball number from one to 14. You can guess as few as one ball - the Thunderball - to be eligible for some winnings, although, if someone wins the top £500k prize, the winner is entitled to take the full sum home without sharing it.  Thunderballs take place four times a week; on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays. If you happen to be one of the lucky winners, you will receive an email informing you of the good news. These results can take a while to come through, so don’t worry if you don’t receive one immediately. You can also check physical lottery tickets via the National Lottery app or website by either scanning the barcode using the app or typing your numbers into the website. 