Former Blackburn Rovers star Chris Sutton poked fun at BT Sport pundit Peter Walton after it was joked that referee Mike Dean would take his place next year following his decision to retire. Dean was initially planning to retire at the end of last season but extended his career by a year as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Wirral-born icon is now set to see out the season before potentially taking up a full-time VAR role. BT Sport presenter Darrell Currie joked that Dean could replace the channel's expert referee pundit Walton from next season. And Sutton, who regularly clashes with the former official, played his part in the tease. "I like Peter but he hasn't got a lot right this year," Sutton joked on BT Sport Score. Dean has become a cult hero amongst football fans after some hilarious antics throughout his career.  READ MORE: Man Utd likely to do four things in potential Erik ten Hag announcement  And the Tranmere Rovers fan previously told The Athletic that he will miss his job when the new season starts in August. “It could be there if I wanted to go for it, but I don’t know yet. I need to keep my options open and see what is available," Dean said. “Times have moved on, referees are getting older, I am not getting as fit as I used to be, so things have got to change. I have made the decision myself, I have gone out on my terms which is what I wanted to do and nobody else’s terms which is good. “I will miss it when the season starts next season and not walking out to referee a game, but I have had a good innings with 22 years. It is time to move on and see what is in the future. Maybe we don’t know yet, but we will see."  READ MORE: Man Utd likely to do four things in potential Erik ten Hag announcement  Dean, 53, started his Premier League refereeing career in 2000 after a three-year stint in the Football League. He has taken charge of well over 800 games in England since the turn of the century, although his usual appearance in 40-plus games per season has dropped over the last few years. Walton hung up his boots in March 2012 after a nine-year career in the Premier League. 