The MP for Tiverton and Honiton was exposed as the Conservative MP accused of looking at pornographic content on two seperate occassions on Friday. He originally stated he would stay and wait for the parliamentary investigation to be finished. Announcing his resignation, Mr Parish said it had been a "moment of madness" and "I was not proud of what I was doing." He said the first time was accidental after looking at tractors, but the second time was deliberate. A spokesperson for Tiverton and Honiton Conservatives said: "We would like to take this opportunity to thank Neil Parish for his service to our communities over the past 12 years. "We support his decision to step down as our Member of Parliament."   He faced overwhelming calls to resign over Friday and Saturday, with notable members of the House of Commons demanding he stand down. The Mother of the House Harriet Harman said the revelation was a “new low for the House of Commons” and said Mr Parish was “not fit to be in Parliament”. Liberal Democrat deputy leader Daisy Cooper called for Prime Minister Boris Johnson to order Mr Parish to "resign immediately". Mr Parish’s wife described the revelations as “just a bit stupid” and “very embarrassing”.  Asked if it was known that her husband had looked at pornographic content before, she said: "No. He's quite a normal guy, really. He's a lovely person. It's just so stupid. "People shouldn't be looking at pornography. He would never just sit there with people looking. He would never just do that [people were looking]. "These ladies were quite right to be as [upset] as they were. I've just no idea what happens in these circumstances. “I don't know whether it's ever happened before." DON'T MISSNeil Parish resigns: Will there be a by-election? [EXPLAINER]Partygate poopers cursing Boris - RICHARD MADELEY [INSIGHT]Boris warned: Public attaching 'corruption' to Tory brand [REPORT]   Mr Parish has been the MP for the area since 2010 and has a majority of more than 23,000. He is a large figure in the local farming communities. He was formerly a Member of the European Parliament for South West England from 1999 to 2009. He voted against Brexit in the 2016, and his voting record shows he has been against same sex marriage.