 The Association of Directors of Environment, Economy, Planning and Transport (ADEPT) is calling for the adoption of the 2019 Department for Transport Safe System approach to be adopted to manage road speed, rather than national speed limits. ADEPT said the 60mph speed limit was a particular cause for concern, with most fatalities occurring on rural single carriageways.  The Safe System approach adopts five key elements: safe road use, safe speeds, safe vehicles, post-crash care and safe roads and roadsides. ADEPT argues that using this system to set road speed would encourage safer driving, as local highways authorities (LHAs) would have the ability to set an appropriate speed. The new policy position also calls for providing local highways authorities with longer-term funding certainty to implement speed management changes and make road safety improvements. It is also calling for the development of a speed management toolkit to enable greater uniformity across LHAs and provide more consistency for drivers. READ MORE: Electric car owner fined £100 after charging his vehicle in car park  ADEPT said in order to support a reduction in deaths and injuries on roads in the UK, there is a need for greater consistency between LHAs on the deployments of speed management measures. To do this, it argues the Government should provide clearer guidance on the setting of speed limits. The report states: “Any reduction in the default speed on roads in urban areas from 30mph to 20mph must be evidence led. “To avoid confusion amongst motorists, any change must be rolled out nationally, rather than by individual LHAs. DON'T MISSDrivers call for EV owners to pay tax [COMMENT]Ryanair customer warning others of 'illegal' car park at UK airport [SHOCKING]Drivers to be fined for parking in EV bays this month [WARNING]  “A safe system approach to speed management must be adopted. “National speed limits provide a useful starting point, but speed limits must be determined by a road’s function.” Surrey County Council are already working to establish more appropriate speed limits on roads across the county. It is hoped this scheme will be relevant to other LHAs who are considering rural speed limit reductions and will look at a range of measures including compliance, casualty rates, speed and traffic flow.  Ann Carruthers, chair of ADEPT’s transport and connectivity board, explained that, with budgets for LHAs having reduced “significantly”, road safety and speed management no longer have the “long-term certainty they have historically enjoyed”. She added: “This has led to a marked reduction in consistency and approach across the country, with a particular issue for rural single carriageways and is why ADEPT are calling for a national strategy, properly funded and resourced.” This comes just a month after the Welsh Government announced it would change most 30mph speed limits to 20mph. The law change, which will come into force in April 2023, will see the national default speed limit on residential roads and busy pedestrian streets cut to 20mph.  The plans will apply to all roads where street lights are not more than 200 yards apart - usually seen in residential and built-up areas - where the default speed limit is 30mph. There will be some exceptions, based on criteria linked to the number of houses, schools, community centres and shops alongside the road. Councils can look at that criteria and decide whether to keep the 30mph speed limit on specific roads. Mark Drakeford told the Senedd in 2019 that he wanted the default speed in Wales to become 20mph and a recommendation was drawn up by a specially-designed taskforce.