The Queen's relationship with Prince Harry and Meghan Markle has been limited in recent years as the couple stood down from their working roles and relocated their family to the United States. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex met with Her Majesty together for the first time in two years last week before heading to The Netherlands for the Invictus Games. Reports have since emerged claiming the Queen invited the couple to appear on Buckingham Palace's balcony alongside the Royal Family, a move expert Cameron Walker suggests could signal a return of Harry and Meghan to "private" royal life. The GB News royal correspondent said: "Reports do suggest that Harry and Meghan have been invited to appear on the balcony of Buckingham Palace during Platinum Jubilee celebrations. "We know that Prince Harry and Meghan met the Queen on Thursday, it's been dubbed an olive branch meeting, trying to make amends. "I think it's public versus family events. The appearance on the balcony at Buckingham Palace is very much a family event, or at least the Queen sees it as a family event. "Similar to the service of thanksgiving we're expecting at St Paul's Cathedral on that Platinum Jubilee weekend in June." Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here He continued: "But I don't think we'd expect to see Prince Harry and Meghan at things like Trooping the Colour because that is very much public and attended by senior working members of the Royal Family. "We don't have any confirmation on this but I think it's a sign that the Royal Family and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are perhaps starting to make amends." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex rocked the monarchy when they announced they would take a step back from royal life to establish themselves independently from the Crown. After agreeing to a one-year trial period away from the Royal Family, they confirmed they would not resume their working roles last year. READ MORE: Queen's special wish to gather all royals during her Jubilee The announcement came weeks before a 90-minute interview with talk show host Oprah Winfrey was aired. In the chat, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle lamented the treatment they received from royal aides when asking for support over the pressure they were under. Their claims, which included allegations of unnamed family members inquiring about their son's potential skin colour, are believed to have widened the gap between the couple and some relatives. Prince Harry also admitted to having rather frosty relations with his father Prince Charles, whom he claimed cut him off. The Duke of Sussex's biographer Angela Levin suggested Harry and Charles remain on tentative speaking terms, after claiming the Duke and Duchess "arrived late" for their meeting with the Prince of Wales last week. Ms Levin said: "Well, they arrived late for their meeting with Prince Charles so they had a brief ten minutes together. "The Duchess of Cornwall was there so that there was no disagreement about who said what. "Charles and her had to go off to the Maundy celebrations and so they weren't there for very long."