Spring will make a sizzling return through the coming days with temperatures to peak over the bank holiday. A huge area of high pressure stretching across Europe and the Atlantic will drag warm air in from the Azores Islands. Northern and western regions stand to see the highest temperatures with the rest of the country slower to catch up.   A stubborn easterly breeze will mean those in southern and eastern regions may still be reaching for their coats through the start of the week. And forecasters warn rain during the start of the week may bring a soggy start to the warmer spell. John Hammond, meteorologist for Weathertrending, said: “Temperatures are going to be on the rise over the next few days but for a time there will be some wet weather before it settles down again as we head towards the Easter weekend. “Monday will be cloudy with some showery rain in parts, although many places will probably stay dry. “Temperatures will not be as chilly as they have been but with an easterly breeze the east coast won’t see much of the benefit of that warmth.”  Most of the UK will dry up by Wednesday as high pressure builds bringing warmer temperatures nationwide. Mr Hammond said: “By Wednesday the trend will be for much of the rain to face away eastwards with brighter skies. “After mid-week it will be dry and it will feel pleasantly dry with light winds towards the end of the week. “Some places will hit the low-20Cs just about.”Chilly winds threaten to dampen temperatures later in the bank holiday across eastern regions," he added. However, Britain can look forward to the warmest spell of weather since the cold snap derailed hopes for an early spring heatwave. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “It is looking pretty decent in the run up to the Easter weekend. “We should see plenty of good, warm sunny weather as high pressure starts to build with temperatures in the mid- to high- teens, and if it stays settled, we could see temperatures higher than that.  “I would not be surprised to see 21C at some point over the Easter weekend.” Parts of Britain could end up hotter than Spain and Turkey with Barcelona forecast this week to hit a relatively chilly 17C while Istanbul hovers around 18C to 19C. Temperatures will start to rise through the next couple of days, although the week will get off to windy, and in places wet, start. Met Office meteorologist Joanthan Vautrey said: “Monday will be a windy day for all but highs will reach 18C as we continue to build in that warmer air from the south. “It will be a similar picture on Tuesday with temperatures climbing in the south, but it will still be unsettled with low pressure not to far away.” High pressure will begin to build across Britain on Thursday bringing the promise of blue skies and sunshine.   Weather models show warm sunshine pushing ground temperatures to 22C by the Easter holiday. The odd shower may dampen spirits in parts although these should clear up by the weekend, according to Netweather’s Ian Simpson. He said: “From Thursday, high pressure will ridge in from the south, potentially promising fine weather for most over the Easter weekend. “There is still a likelihood of some scattered showers on Thursday, but from Friday onwards these will become isolated. “Over the Easter weekend, there is potential for much of the country to be sunny and dry, and also quite warm by day.”