Sir Rod Stewart's wife Penny Lancaster, 51, has taken to Instagram to share a throwback picture from her younger days with fans. The star added a photo from her 21st birthday to the story feature on her account. The snap showed the star sitting and being applauded by chefs and staff at the Ritz Hotel as she enjoyed her birthday celebrations. The photo was shared with Penny’s 154,000 followers. She captioned the snap: “My 21st birthday @theritzlondon 30 years ago.” The Loose Women star, who is married to rock singer Rod, has recently opened up about her professional career. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show After joining ITV’s Loose Women panel in 2014, Penny, alongside a varied career in modelling, photography and TV presenting, is also a police officer. She began working as a special constable with the City of London Police following the completion of her training last year. Penny made her first arrest as an officer earlier last month after pulling over a drug-driving suspect. She was on patrol with her colleagues when the group stopped a car containing two people. After a roadside breath test, the driver tested positive for cannabis use. Penny then made the arrest. She admitted while speaking on BBC’s Crimewatch Live Programme last month that she had some anxiety about the incident. The star confessed that she nearly forgot to read the man his rights. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] She added, however, that it didn’t take long before her training kicked in. After taking the suspect into custody, she said that she was proud to have made the career milestone. She continued: “My first arrest was a drug drive. “There were a couple of suspects whose vehicle was pulled over. “A test was taken on the side of the road which came back positive for cannabis so driving under the influence. “I was given the wink and the nod by the officers that were with me.” “First of all, I did get a bit of a stage-struck moment where I felt all the words of caution had left me but luckily they came into action and all my training proved important there.” Penny said, too, that Rod did frequently worry about the precocity of her profession.  Despite his worries, she confirmed that he was nevertheless very supportive of her career choice. After marrying in 2007, the pair now have two children together.