The incident is alleged to have happened in the small town near Borodyanka when a trio of Russian troops sought victims in a despicable house to house search. According to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, hundreds of women have been raped by Russian soldiers since the start of the invasion 62 days ago.  Speaking to a journalist based in Kyiv, the victim on this occasion was a woman named Anna. Upon Russian having already looted the home of her laptop and mobile phone, the woman was led away as her husband was held at gunpoint. From here, she was ordered to “come with us and find other women.” Anna was taken door to door where she was forced to make enquiries as to who was inside each home. The victim claims she could smell alcohol coming from the Russian soldier’s mouths, whom she described as very young.  Upon knocking on one door, a man attempted to stop the soldiers from entering the property. The soldiers are said to have told the man: “Get back, we will take your woman”, at which point the man was shot dead by the soldiers after trying to stop the horrific act. The women were taken to an abandoned house where they were raped by the men. Anna claimed she tried to appeal to the soldier before the event, asking how old he was, and how old his mother may be. Speaking to The Telegraph, she stated the soldier was the same age as her own son. The soldiers continually threatened to take the women to the Russian base where they would “serve all soldiers” if they did not cooperate.  READ MORE:Rape victims in UK let down by court delays The Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe said the war has seen a rise in “gender-based violence, such as rape, sexual violence or sexual harassment”. Ukrainian police forces have said they are only officially prosecuting 10 cases of rape so far. However, Kateryna Pavlichenko, the country’s deputy interior minister, said this was likely to be just the “tip of the iceberg”. She added: “For Russians, it is a routine tactic. “We saw them use similar tactics in Chechnya and Syria. “Russians rape to destabilise civilians.” Ms Pavlichenko added: “Rape is the hardest crime to talk about. “People want to forget it so the scale could be much bigger than we will ever know.”   DON'T MISS:Putin's lies exposed as state TV reveals hoax [REVEAL]US spy uploads secret file to work from home [INSIGHT]Police urgently search for missing Katie Kenyon [APPEAL] On social media, multiple reports of horrendous rape stories amounting to war crimes have emerged. Anastasiia Lapatina, a prominent Ukrainian journalist has reported on numerous accounts of rape by Russian soldiers. In one tweet, she wrote: “A 17-year-old girl watched her mother and 15-year-old sister raped, beaten up and killed by 3 Russian soldiers. “She was told that she was too ugly to be raped. “She had to stay with their dead bodies for 4 days. “This could have been a story about me or any other woman in Ukraine.” In another shocking report, she wrote: “At least 25 women and girls, as young as 14, were raped by Russians in one basement in Bucha. “Nine of them are pregnant. “Russian soldiers said 'they would rape them to the point where they wouldn't want sexual contact with any man, to prevent them from having Ukrainian children.'" Calls for the acts to be prosecuted as war crimes are growing. Former lecturer June Atkinson wrote on Twitter: “The horrifying and bestial rape of Ukrainian women and children by Russian soldiers must be notified as a War Crime. “A more sinister reason may be the deliberate opportunity of increasing Russian genes as a weapon of war. “An investigative process has begun in the affected areas.” 