James Norton, head of financial planners at Vanguard, spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk on how Britons can prepare for retirement. He said: “The rising cost of living means many people may need to stay invested for a lot longer than previous generations to achieve their retirement goals. “For those just entering retirement, this may also mean that they retain a proportion of their savings in shares to sustain their portfolio. “An investor in their early 40s, for example, might have 80 percent of their portfolio in shares. It would be sensible to scale this down the closer they get to retirement, to protect against volatility. “However, for many investors it will still be appropriate to hold circa 30 percent of their portfolio in equities even through retirement to beat rising inflation.” He suggested that Britons should consider “delaying your retirement”, as a few additional years of contributions can “make a real difference”. READ MORE: Dragons' Den cast in awe over pitcher's journey to success – 'an absolute inspiration' At present, the state pension age is set at 66 in the UK. This is the earliest point people can start receiving their state pension. By 2028, the state pension age is set to rise to 67. A second increase will then be implemented by 2046, bringing the state pension age to 68. This means people retiring in the future may have to wait longer to start receiving their state pension. With state pension coming in later and later, Britons approaching retirement will want to ensure they have an income to fund their lifestyle before the state pension kicks in. Mr Norton said: “One thing investors can control is the costs they pay on their pension, and this can have a material impact on their retirement. “You should look closely at the annual platform fees and transaction costs of your provider, as well as the costs of the funds you invest in. “The less you’re charged for these costs, the greater possibility you have of maximising your long-term returns and meeting your retirement goals. “Whilst compounding is your friend when it comes to returns, the impact it has on costs is corrosive. “Every pound you pay in fees is a pound less for you to spend on your retirement. “Using the above example, investing £200 per month, if you paid an extra one percent each year in fees, you would end up with a pension worth 25 percent less.”