Chelsea forward Romelu Lukaku has reportedly been in contact with Inter Milan chiefs in an attempt to secure a move back to the San Siro. And the 28-year-old has told them he is willing to take a pay cut in order to get a deal over the line. The Blues shelled out a club record £97.5million to prise Lukaku away from Inter last summer after the Belgium international bagged 64 goals in 95 games during two seasons in Italy. It was the second time the west Londoners had secured the services of the striker after they originally signed him from Anderlecht as a teenager a decade earlier. But his second spell at Stamford Bridge hasn’t worked out for him and he is struggling to even command a place in Thomas Tuchel’s team now. And, according to Tuttosport, Lukaku has spoken to Inter directors Piero Ausilio and Beppe Marotta about returning to Italy. And he is ready to cut his salary by almost 50 per cent. But if Lukaku were to return to his former club, he would only go on loan as the Blues would be reluctant to sell him on the cheap after a miserable campaign. JUST IN: Roma ‘learn Man Utd already have Boubacar Kamara transfer agreement'   Lukaku helped Inter win their first Serie A title in 11 years last season as they finished a remarkable 12 points ahead of second-placed AC Milan. The powerhouse forward scored 24 league goals and provided 10 assists as he lit up the Italian top flight. In fact, only Cristiano Ronaldo notched more league strikes throughout the campaign as the Portugal forward scored 29 times for Juventus. Lukaku made a promising start to his second stint with Chelsea as he got his name on the scoresheet four times in his first four games. But he has only scored eight goals in 30 matches since then. And he angered Tuchel in December when he revealed he wasn’t happy with his role at Chelsea and wanted to join Inter again. DON'T MISS Ten Hag’s camp ‘have concerns about Man Utd job’ as saga takes twist Ten Hag 'angry over English lessons claim' after he missed Spurs job Man Utd have interviewed 'mystery boss' with Ten Hag and Pochettino     “I’m not happy with the situation - this is normal,” Lukaku told Sky Sport Italia. “But I am a worker and I must not give up. I want to say a big apology to the Inter fans because I think the way I left should have been different. I really hope in the depths of my heart to return to Inter, not at the end of my career, but at a still good level to hopefully win more.” And the ace was later forced to apologise for his comments. “I am sorry for the upset I have caused,” Lukaku told Chelsea TV. “You guys know the connection I have to the club and I totally understand you guys being upset.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 