MotoGP 2022 season continues today with the best riders in the world heading to Austin for the Grand Prix of the Americas. The latest race in what's been a topsy turvy season starts at 7pm and all the action from the MotoGP, Moto2 and Moto3 classes will be broadcast live exclusively on BT Sport, which you can tune into via your Sky Q, Virgin Media TV 360 or BT TV box. Alternatively, you can also watch BT Sport on your Smart TV, laptop, mobile or tablet or via your games console by purchasing the contract-free BT Sport Monthly Pass which offers access to Champions League, Europa League and Premier League matches plus UFC, Serie A, WWE, Ligue 1 and the MotoGP for just £25 a month. After missing out on the last two races following a horrifying high side Repsol Honda legend Marc Marquez will be back in the saddle this weekend at a circuit he's historically done well at. However, as we've seen in the past few races this season the form book has been completely torn up in what's been a topsy-turvy few races so far. Going into the fourth round the championship leader is Aleix Espargaro, who secured his and Aprilla's first ever MotoGP win last time out. If you managed to predict this going into the 2022 season then be sure to get a lottery ticket today as luck is definitely on your side. Favourites going into this season such as Ducati, Repsol Honda and Yamaha haven't performed as well consistently as had been expected so who knows what's in store for us this time around. All we know for certain is that the race in Austin looks to be an unmissable race in what's already turning out to be a fascinating season so far.  BT Sport has all the action live from the latest round of the 2022 MotoGP season today. The MotoGP race will be broadcast on BT Sport 2 (Sky HD channel 871, Sky 414, TalkTalk 409, Virgin 528, BT TV 431). Live race coverage from Texas begins at 4.30pm, with the Moto2 - instead of the Moto3 as per usual - race first up at 5.20pm. Next is the MotoGP with pre-race build-up from 6.30pm with the race at 7pm. And then it's the young guns as the Moto3 rounds off the day's action with build-up from 8.15pm ahead of the race starting at 8.30pm. BT TV subscribers can also watch all the action beamed to tablets and smartphones via the BT app which is available for both Android and iOS devices.  It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use BT due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a BT TV subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). If you're not currently a BT TV customer, but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a BT Sport Monthly Pass. This runs for 30 days and gives you access to all BT Sport channels for £25. The BT Sport Monthly Pass is contract-free and will let you watch BT Sport 1, BT Sport 2, BT Sport 3, BT Sport ESPN and Box Nation on a wide variety of devices. You can access the BT Sport Monthly Pass on smart TVs, laptops, mobile devices, desktops, tablets and consoles. 