For some of you, a visit to the church will have figured prominently, and I hope the service was enjoyable and the sermon snappy. But there can be no denying that the number of you who included a trip to an Anglican church on your itinerary today is in rapid decline. Research shows the Church of England has seen congregations halve in three decades. If the current rate of decline continues, according to a British Social Attitudes Survey, Anglicanism will disappear from Britain in 2033.    That means there are just 11 years left to save an institution that was once at the very heart of cultural, legal and obviously religious affairs in this country. If this was a business, a chief executive faced with this crisis lurking on the horizon would surely seek to seize the problem, work out what had gone so calamitously wrong and toil to put it right. But not so for “the boss” of the C of E Justin Welby, Archbishop of Canterbury, who one week ago managed to alienate a sizeable chunk of his “customers” with ill-judged and politicised preachings over the Government’s plan to tackle the migrant crisis by sending illegal migrants to Rwanda to have their claims judged. While I can vouch for the Archbishop is a thoroughly decent man as I’ve been privileged to interview him on a number of occasions, unfortunately, this is another example of where he is desperately out of touch with his flock. While the metropolitan elite with which he probably spends much of his time may scoff at the Rwanda scheme and mutter about “inhumanity” and “barbarism”, regular folk who have a real grip on the problem see it as a possible solution. Just look at the poll results last week, which showed 47 percent support Priti Patel’s plan with just 26 percent opposed. Intriguingly, among Labour voters support is at just over 50 percent. Many of these people were once the bedrock of the congregation that filled the pews of a Church that is now edging towards life support on Justin Welby’s watch. In his Easter sermon, the Archbishop said “the principle must stand the judgment of God, and it cannot”.   While I wouldn’t presume to challenge the nation’s most senior faith leader on God’s teachings, surely he can’t be suggesting “the judgment of God” allows tens of thousands of people to be preyed upon on by vile human traffickers who use violence and even rape to maintain their positions of power? Or that those poor souls who don’t make it across, and sink to an unmarked watery grave, are also part of that divine judgment? No one is suggesting the Archbishop cannot have an opinion on such vital affairs, but by using his Easter message to give such a politicised view he committed a serious blunder. Easter is a time of renewal and reflection of the enormous sacrifice God made in that he gave his son to save us all. It’s not an opportunity to have a go at a Government he clearly doesn’t like. If he’s seeking advice about what does constitute ungodly behaviour, perhaps he’d care to speak out more about Putin and his illegal war in Ukraine. Or explain why he allowed churches up and down the country to be closed interminably during lock-down, a time when spiritual comfort was needed probably more than at any time since the Second World War? Indeed, churches then remained open during the bombing – but not through Covid. And if he’s so keen to be a politician prelate, we can now all look forward to his solution to the cost-of-living crisis, inflation and climate change. If there was a more joyous picture than this last week, it wasn't in my newspapers. Given what this truly remarkable lady has endured over 18 months, and her reported issues with mobility, didn't it gladden the heart to see this picture of the Queen released to mark her 96th birthday. But didn’t you just know that one of her family would be sure to rain on her reigning parade! Step forward royal runaway Prince Harry, whose vaunting self-obsession and unceasing ability to play the victim must make him feel so at home in the la-la land of the US West Coast. Bragging he ensures the Queen is “protected and got the right people around her” – which is no mean feat as he lives 5,000 miles away – Harry talked of his ability to make the monarch laugh. Hmmm, wondering how much she’s chuckling about the fact he still can’t commit as to whether he will be in the UK to celebrate her Platinum Jubilee in a little over a month. A ghastly apartheid of sorts is being allowed to fester in the workplace and it’s as offensive and unjust as if it were based on skin colour. As the battle lines get even deeper in the row about getting staff back to their offices, the most vulnerable are being exploited. Government Efficiency Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg is right to be leading a crackdown on some civil service departments who still seem to find it impossible to lure their staff back. The Department of Education has just 25 per cent back, and the Department of Work and Pensions fares little better with 27 per cent. Yet in every department the blue-collar workers are all cracking on. As the floors are cleaned, the post delivered, the canteens staffed and security provided, civil servants with vastly higher pay cheques in the “laptop class” are sitting at home deciding if they can do two or three days in the office. Not such a “civil” service after all?  Netflix is in trouble, and can anyone really be that surprised? Its recent mega-hit Bridgerton (below)was so impossibly woke it might as well have been written by Hackney Council’s race-awareness unit. And apparently the new series Anatomy Of A Scandal is little better, being littered with dreary anti-male bias. Last week saw $40billion wiped off its share price. Which reinforces that mantra... go woke, go broke. A climate change GCSE is to be introduced into the school syllabus – all well and good. But given we have a system that encourages so many of our young people to take out loans for their university education, surely some lessons in finance would make considerably more sense. Noting the celebrations last week for the Queen’s birthday featured elsewhere on this page, there can be no finer wine for this week’s recommendation than this Whispering Angel Platinum Jubilee special. This is, rightly, a hugely popular rosé and never fails to satisfy. It’s at Sainsbury’s for £19. 