 The tour will be in tribute to the Platinum Jubilee, and is the Duke of Cornwall’s 19th visit to the country and the 5th visit for the Duchess. Canada is the most visited country by the Queen who completed her 22nd and last tour of the country in 2010.    The couple last toured Canada in 2017 to honour the 150th anniversary of the Confederation with Canadians and will officially visit the country again from 17 May to 19 May. The Deputy Private Secretary for Prince Charles told People: “Their Royal Highnesses will have the chance to meet with, listen to and celebrate with Canadians from coast to coast to coast.” He added: “Their Royal Highnesses are particularly looking forward to meeting some of the many Canadians who have served in their own communities over the years and most recently through the pandemic.” After the Commonwealth leaders confirmed that Prince Charles would follow in the footsteps of his mother as Head of the Commonwealth, it is hoped the visit will provide a positive response following the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s tour of the Caribbean.   While the royal couple were on tour of Jamaica, Belize, and The Bahamas they were met with protests over Britain’s colonial past and role in the slave trade. The protests included calls to remove Her Majesty as Head of State and to pay reparations. The Duke and Duchess of Wessex are currently on their tour of the Caribbean and have also been met with backlash. READ MORE: What to do with daffodils after flowering - 5 key steps  Prince Charles and Prince William have both spoken about the issues that are facing them with William voicing his “sorrow” and Charles noting that our part in the slave trade “forever stains our history”. The Canadian tour will see the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall visiting Newfoundland and Labrador, followed by Ottawa and then the Northwest Territories. The couple will visit Canada’s capital region which is set to include “a special reception” to mark the Jubilee. As they arrive at St Johns, Newfoundland and Labrador the royals will be greeted by local schoolchildren, community groups, dignitaries and representatives. DON'T MISS: POLL: Does Brexit mean we're finally in control of our borders? (POLL)UK passport waiting times and how to get it back faster (INSIGHT)Putin to speed up Ukraine attacks as sanctions fuel unrest (REVEAL)  A ceremony will be performed to “reflect the province’s rich tradition of song and story and will include Indigenous performances” and Prince Charles is due to make a speech. The Deputy Private Secretary added: “Throughout the tour, Their Royal Highnesses will take the opportunity to continue to engage with Indigenous communities. “Over five decades, HRH continues to learn from Indigenous peoples in Canada and around the world. “He recognizes their deep ties to the land and water and the critical traditional knowledge they hold to restore harmony between people and nature.” 