Rising energy bills has become a huge concern for Britons up and down the country and analysis by energy experts Boiler Central recently found Google searches for terms such as “help with energy” and “can’t afford energy” have shot up. Energy bills can be cut by using the heating less, choosing energy-efficient appliances and switching items off at the plug, but what are the five most expensive appliances to run? Experts at Boiler Central said: “There is a reason why old houses with separate, uninsulated tanks for heating water usually mean bad news for bills. “If you are house hunting, make sure you understand the heating set up, combi boilers are generally better, and the energy-efficiency grade of the boiler.” According to Boiler Guide, electricity can be three times more expensive than gas, however, an electric boiler will consume half as much energy as a gas boiler. Fridges and freezers are the second most energy-consuming items in a home. READ MORE: Britain’s most expensive seaside town named This is because they need to stay plugged in all the time. According to the experts, the best way to cut this cost is to invest in a better-rated fridge and freezer. A dishwasher is also another expensive appliance to run, with the average one using 1.5kWh on a standard setting, according to Uswitch. The Energy Shop said the average price of electricity per kilowatt hours of energy ranges from 36p to 38p, depending on the provider. DON'T MISS:Steps to ‘revive’ the grass this spring to create a ‘thicker’ lawn [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean vertical blinds - ‘smells amazing’ [COMMENT]Phil Spencer shares best way to add value to your home - ‘biggest win’ [EXPLAINER] This means the average dishwasher could cost around £1 per wash, depending on how long it is on for. This added up over time could mean the dishwasher is costing households hundreds of pounds each year. The experts at Boiler Central said: “The energy use is likely three times higher in households with multiple children, where several loads of dishes are done everyday. “Wiser use of dishes can cut one load a day and reflect well on your monthly utilities for both energy and water.” For those passionate about baking or cooking meals in the oven which take a long time, the oven could cost nearly £10 a month to run. The experts added: “This may not seem like much, but when factoring in all the other appliances, it is worth trying to cut oven usage whenever possible by syncing the cooking better to fit at least two dishes at a time or one after another to save on pre-heating.” Households could opt for batch cooking and reheating food in a microwave, which costs less to power. On average, washing machines use more than twice the energy of kettles. To help save money when washing clothing, opting for a lower temperature is recommended. Thirty degrees is warm enough to kill most bacteria with washing pods. A good solution to cut down energy bills in the long-term is to invest in A-rated appliances. Myles Robinson from Boiler Central commented: “If you want to reduce your annual energy bills, the first place to focus your attention is on your home heating. “Start with energy efficiency, reduce your consumption of energy and change your habits with a smart meter. “Next, consider switching to renewable energy and replacing your boiler. “Appliances also consume power, but it requires much more energy to heat the entire house. This is why choosing an A-rated green boiler to reduce energy consumption is so important.” Other ways to save on energy bills include installing a smart meter, switching to LED bulbs and investing in double glazing. Homeowners can also draught-proof their home by installing thicker curtains and sealing any cracks and blocking unused chimneys.