While in the Netherlands for the Invictus Games, the Duke of Sussex took part in an interview with the Today show host Hoda Kotb. Harry spoke openly about his family life, how he and his wife Meghan Markle are settling in America and how he wants to make the world a “better place for his kids”. During the interview, Harry was asked by the anchor if he missed his family at home. In response he said “yes”, before adding, “especially over the last two years, for most people, have we not missed their families? Right?” The Duke was then asked specifically if he missed his brother and father, Prince William and Prince Charles. However, he stopped short of answering directly, saying he was focused on competitors at the Invictus Games. Internationally renowned body language expert Dr Lillian Glass analysed Harry’s appearance during this segment of the interview exclusively for Express.co.uk. She claims Harry’s body language, at times, appears “defensive” and there were signals that the Duke was both “sad and angry”. Dr Glass pointed out that the Duke does a small shoulder shrug when explaining that he had missed his family, and claims this is a “signal of deception”. She added: “He then gets defensive as he says don't we all miss our family. He answers a question with a question and gets defensive and looks tense and gestures expansively as he reveals a lot through this body language showing that he is both sad and angry as he purses his lips at the end as well.” READ MORE: Queen receives stunning tribute at beloved Epsom She claims avoiding the question about his relationship with his brother and father showed a “clear animosity” and described his response as “hostile”. Dr Glass said: “And to reveal his clear animosity towards his brother and dad when asked if he missed them he doesn't even answer the question and at least say yes. “He says look I am here. It is a hostile response as he reveals his anger towards them. “Then he goes on to further ignore the question and brings up the families of the Invictus participants and makes himself into some type of hero in his own mind that he wants to help their families and give them a lifetime experience.” She claims this is another example of the Duke “deflecting” when asked a personal question. DON'T MISS Prince Harry urged to join family in Sandringham to 'mend' fences [INSIGHT] Prince Harry says he and Meghan Markle are 'living life of service' [REVEAL] Camilla officially swipes major role from Meghan Markle [REPORT] After talking about being at the Games and making the experience worthwhile for the competitors, Harry talks about returning to his family. When prompted, Harry makes reference to the two children he shares with Meghan but did not refer to them by name. Two-year-old Archie Harrison and ten-month-old Lilibet Diana did not make the trip to the Netherlands with their parents and instead remained in California where the family reside.  Dr Glass adds: "Also, his massive gestures, when he speaks, show how hard he is trying in this interview however his body language reveals his true feelings as he rarely smiles and has flashes of anger across his expression.” Harry and Meghan arrived in the Hague on Friday after making a short stopover in the UK so the pair could visit Harry’s grandmother, the Queen.