Adil Ray and Charlotte Hawkins quizzed Simon Hart on Thursday’s Good Morning Britain on plans which the Tory MP claimed aims to “control our borders not close them”. Charities have condemned plans to send asylum seekers to Rwanda as “cruel” but Ray’s interview style was blasted by viewers who felt the host wasn’t giving Hart the opportunity to respond. Hart argued: “The current situation is grossly inhumane and playing into the hands of traffickers and other exploiters.” Interrupting him, Ray questioned: “But is that because we don’t have any legal routes? “There’s no legal routes for people to come here and we spoke to Hassan Akkad earlier who travelled himself on a dinghy…he arrived and he said the problem is there are no legal routes. “Why is it Simon Hart that we say to Ukrainian refugees that you can come and live in our homes and we’ll pay you to do that but we say to Afghanistan and Syrian refugees, ‘I’m sorry but we’re going to send you to Rwanda’?” Read more: ‘Wear Welsh' Colin Jackson speaks on desire to show his heritage “Why is it one rule for Ukrainians and another rule for the others?” Ray asked. “I think we have to make a distinction between refugees, asylum seekers and economic migrants and a particular emphasis on the Channel crossing,” Hart replied. “It’s about economic migrants…,” Hart continued before Ray interjected: “But without a legal system you can’t make that distinction. “You’re going to make that distinction in Rwanda which seems absurd.” “Let me put it to you,” Ray said. “If a boat comes over from Calais, it’s got a Syrian refugee, it’s got an Afghanistan refugee and a Ukrainian refugee who didn’t go through the legal process but decided to come over on a boat. “Will you send that Ukrainian migrant, refugee, whatever you want to call them, to Rwanda as well?” Hart hit back: “I think the suggestion that it’s just going to be a mechanical process which isn’t going to take into account any of the distinguishing details that you refer to I think that’s unrealistic. “The whole point of this is to actually enable us to control our borders rather than close our borders. DON'T MISS'I don’t care Johnson broke the law' Edwina Currie on GMB [INTERVIEW]Richard Madeley blasts proposal to make avoiding chores a crime [INSIGHT]Richard Madeley blasts Archbishop of York 'What about retribution? [VIDEO] “It’s designed to make sure that we can look after as many people as we can in as humane a fashion as we can and it’s actually about protecting people who at the moment are risking everything including their lives by subjecting themselves to criminal gangs.” GMB viewers weren’t happy with Ray and blasted him for interrupting the MP. Warren Peace quipped: “Simon Hart - Car crash interview! #GMB.” Danny Walker-Drake questioned: “Why do the hosts of @GMB never let anyone finish a god damn sentence or answer a question in full before they have to interrupt and belittle their guests! Seriously sort ur attitude out!” Matthew James added: “@GMB just had to turn your program off. Your presenters never give the guest time to speak they just rant over the top of them. Disgusting.” Marc Wilcox tweeted: “@GMB let people finish their f*****g answers ffs!!!!!” Bobby Bevs shared: “@GMB Your interviews are terrible. If you're going to ask a question, let the man answer. Stop talking over him.” However, Peter Fearns remarked: “Excellent from Adil Ray on @GMB here.” Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.