Viktor Orban, who was first elected as Hungary's Prime Minister in 2010, told supporters in the capital city Budapest that "this was a huge victory". Orban has been accused of being an ally to Russian President Vladimir Putin and even used his victory speech to tear into Ukraine leader Volodymyr Zelensky.    He said: "We will remember this victory until the end of our lives because we had to fight against a huge amount of opponents." This included the Hungarian left, Brussels "bureaucrats" and "the Ukrainian President". Volodymyr Zelensky has also locked horns with Orban more directly. The Ukrainian leader said: "He is virtually the only one in Europe to openly support Mr Putin." JUST IN: 'Would anybody like to see me run?' Trump teases fans over 2024 bid at Save America rally Speaking about his victory, Orban added: "They can see it from the Moon, but certainly from Brussels as well." However, the Hungarian Prime Minister also challenged claims about whether the country should get involved with Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine before polling day. He said: "This isn't our war, we have to stay out of it." The Fidesz party received 53.1 percent of the vote at a time when 99 percent of ballots had been counted, according to Europe Elects. An opposition alliance led by Peter Marki-Zay trailed in a distant second place on just 35 percent. Mr Orban increased his vote share by 3.8 percent, despite concerns that war in Ukraine could derail his re-election bid. In comparison, the opposition coalition's share of the vote dropped by more than 11 points. Opinion polls had put the contest as a much closer race, with some pre-election polls even suggesting the Europhile coalition could have taken the lead in the popular vote. However, the Prime Minister ultimately prevailed in his fourth successive election. DON'T MISS:Taiwan warns West - China threat has not gone away [INSIGHT]Putin’s army is running out of ammo [COMMENT]Boris in desperate bid to save leadership [ANALYSIS] Orban has been described as a thorn in the side of the Brussels bloc for many years. However, the fraught relations between Brussels and Budapest took a new path after a government spokesperson claimed Hungary would never accept an EU embargo on Russian energy supplies. Mr Orban has also been accused of undermining press freedoms and pushing for illiberal policies on issues such as LGBT rights and immigration. In contrast, opposition leader Mr Marki-Zay urged Hungarians to elect him off the back of a plan to join Poland, the UK and others in supplying arms to Ukraine. Alongside Orban's victory, the radical right-wing party Our Homeland Movement broke the Hungarian electoral mould after receiving 6.3 percent of the vote.