Speaking to Russian news agency TASS, Russian Ambassador to the UK Andrey Kelin said the weapons would be "destabilising". It comes as the delivery of the artillery and anti-ship systems has been announced by the Ministry of Defence. .       Mr Kelin said: "Any supply of weapons is destabilising, especially those that [British Defense Minister Ben] Wallace spoke about. "They aggravate the situation, make it even more bloody. These, apparently, are new, fairly high-precision weapons. "Of course, they will be legitimate targets for our Armed Forces if they cross the Ukrainian border." The Starstreak was sent to Ukraine as part of a weapons package from Britain that includes thousands of Next Generation Light Anti-tank Weapon (NLAW) missiles  It can be fired from a stand or shoulder launcher and take out jets and helicopters up to 7km away. In contrast to other anti-aircraft missiles, it is not a “fire and forget” system. he projectile splits into three darts in mid-air and must be laser guided to targets by the operator on the ground. This makes it almost impossible for enemy aircraft to deploy counter measures such as flares to distract the missile because, unlike the US-made Stinger, it does not home in on infrared energy. READ MORE: EU 'lies' savaged as Netherlands inflation explodes to 11.9%  Mr Kelin said that the British view of the war in Ukraine “contradicted” reality, according to Russian news agency TASS. He said: “I have a feeling that in London, ideas about what is happening in Ukraine militarily are formed from the bravura reports of the Ministry of Defence of Ukraine and the Ukrainian leadership. “If you look at the maps that are now published here in newspapers and magazines, they really taken from Ukrainian sources exclusively. “It is still believed there that the Azov battalion is about to liberate Mariupol, that in the Luhansk region the people's militia forces have not advanced anywhere and are still standing still. DON'T MISS:  Putin on the backfoot after guerilla attacks [REVEAL] Zelensky fires two top Ukrainian security officials [INSIGHT] 'Ukrainian curling' Soldiers kick anti-tank landmines out of road [SPOTLIGHT]   “[The British authorities] create a picture such as, apparently, they see it from the bunker of [Ukrainian President Volodymyr] Zelensky. “And on the basis of these ideas, decisions are made, statements are made that, in general, contradict reality - that Ukraine still needs to be given weapons more, and then a turning point will come, and there is no need to conduct negotiations now. “This is an ostrich position, this is an attempt to hide one's head in the sand from impotence and blind rage. “These wrong decisions are very dangerous, because they are aimed at continuing the conflict, at the unwillingness to work in favour of a settlement. “They testify to the desire to harm our side as much as possible. Westerners, first of all, Anglo-Saxons, they knock down Ukrainian negotiators, setting them up for unacceptable, unreasonable and divorced from the real position, from what is happening on the ground, demands.” 