Such an almighty fuss about a crude Basic Instinct gag. Angela Rayner, I would suggest, is not remotely prudish, and a clever northern lass like her is not going to have a fit of the vapours because some creep makes an adolescent joke about a notorious cross-legged moment, made famous by Sharon Stone. Angela has very fine legs (sorry Ange, but I'm female, and allowed to say that). She's an attractive woman, so colleagues are going to notice her and fancy her, and since most MPs are male, lumpen and think they're still at boarding school, they'll make stupid vulgar cracks about Angela's assets. They're scared to death of clever women so if they get the chance to titter about her legs with their boorish mates it makes them feel superior, instead of the crass idiots they are. But for goodness' sake this isn't a matter for the Speaker to get all Mary Whitehouse about. Women MPs can surely give as good as they get.And someone who takes as much pride in her appearance as Rayner is following in the footsteps of the redoubtable Barbara Castle, another Labour redhead who wouldn't step into the chamber without perfect hair and full make-up. My dad didn't half fancy her. And boy, was she clever... and fearsome. More than a match for any man.  Angela Rayner is an MP to watch, and not just because she's Deputy Leader of the Labour Party. She's striking, clever, passionate and confident (perhaps too much at times, but a woman in politics needs all the sass she can muster). If she curbs her inner fishwife she's got the charisma to go far. I'd tell her to laugh off those pathetic cracks.The joke's not on you love, it's on the oafs around you in the Commons and, God help us, who are supposed to be running the country.  In France over Easter I was amused at how bitchy French friends are about Brigitte Macron. They seemed indifferent to the election, and they don't much like Macron, but ooh-la-la, they are interested in his fashionplate wife. They don't like her addiction to Louis Vuitton, the super-expensive luxury brand which dresses her head-to-toe. And they sniff at her immaculate blonde coiffure, implying its glossy fullness hides a multitude of tweakments esthetique. But, they shrug, at least he doesn't have a mistress on the side. Vive la femme plus agee! I watched the first night of Piers Morgan's TalkTV show on Monday and was impressed. It's lively, slick and very American in the best grabby way. The set looks great and so did Piers, happy as a clam in his new global environment. But what was going on with Sharon Osbourne's show, cheekily named The Talk after the LA production she was forced to leave after taking Morgan's side during the great "Markle debacle" that ended up costing Morgan his job? Sharon introduced it but after a couple of minutes she handed over to, of all people, Jeremy Kyle, who went on to host the show... I'm not sure it worked. After an hour of alpha male with Morgan, not to mention the Donald, I'd had enough without macho man Kyle. They need a woman. But I'm pleased for Morgan. He's a great broadcaster and I think he's found himself in a Piers Paradise.