Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has piled the pressure on Manchester City in the two clubs' duel for the Premier League title by stating their rivals are "favourites" for a historic treble. Klopp has upped the ante on City of their game against Pep Guardiola's men at the weekend. So far, Manchester United are the only English team to have won a treble involving a continental competition and the top-flight league title, with that feat coming in 1998-99. However, no team has completed a quadruple in English football before, which the Reds remain able to do this term following their Carabao Cup triumph over Chelsea in February. Klopp is aware that there is an opportunity to make history at Anfield this season with Liverpool one point behind City in the Premier League, facing the same opponent in the FA Cup semi-finals and into the Champions League quarter-finals. But the German has played down his team's chances of winning all four major trophies by suggesting it "isn't realistic". And he further applied pressure on City's star-studded squad by claiming they are likelier to win a treble than Liverpool are to win every competition. "No, it's not, it never was [a realistic target," Klopp told Peter Crouch in conversation for BT Sport. JUST IN: Man Utd hero Fred vindicates Alves claim after rescuing Leicester draw  "I don't think anybody has won the quadruple. You cannot plan it, the schedule makes it really difficult, let me say it like this. If you are not in a league 20 points ahead, then you can say 'it is not too important for us anymore', but for us we have to go for every game. "We won the [Carabao Cup] which means we are the only ones able to win the quadruple, although [Manchester] City are probably favourites for the treble." Liverpool and City have endured a rivalry for a number of years thanks to their dominance in the Premier League. And City boss Pep Guardiola has challenged his players to embrace the situation. "If you don't play these games you're out of the competitions," Guardiola said. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford jobTottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle winLiverpool skipper Henderson caught on camera protecting Fabinho - 'Proper leader'  "It's a joy to be here every season. To arrive every season in April and May to fight for titles we've done really well. Bad results now and you're out of competitions." City midfielder Bernardo Silva echoed his manager's thoughts on how the team are competing on all fronts. "I don't think it is anxiety but pressure. Pressure to win is nice because it means you're in a great club fighting for everything," the Portugal star said. "It is pressure that we want because we want to win those competitions. Atletico are a great side also, I'm sure they have that same thing. There is lots of pressure from the fans to continue to win." The pair face off against each other on April 10 in what is considered to be a title 'six-pointer'.