This weekend, Orthodox believers around the world will celebrate their Easter - one week later than Catholics and Protestants. To celebrate the occasion, the "Russia" Twitter account, wrote: "Ready, set, #Easter! Today, on the Holy Saturday, Orthodox believers across Russia consecrate Easter cakes - the #kulichi - and eggs. #DYK? The Easter eggs are often dyed red - to the color of the blood that Christ shed to atone for the sins of the world." The tweet provoked a furious storm of protest from social media users, who accused the Russian Orthodox Church of "complicity" in Putin's war crimes against Ukraine. Alex Kokcharov said: "The Russian Orthodox Church supports Putin’s war against Ukraine. "The Church is complicit in the Russian war crimes - in destruction of Ukrainian cities, and in murdering, injuring and raping Ukrainian civilians." While another commented: "If all of Russia DYED their eggs red this Easter, it would not atone for the thousands who have DIED due to Putin's special operation / invasion / vanity project." A third fumed: "There is nothing Holly in your Russian acts in Ukraine! "Your church supports Ukrainian genocide, today on holy Saturday your Russia kills, bombs, rapes, tortures Ukrainians! "You don't pray to God, by supporting #PutinWarCriminal acts, you in fact show that in reality you pray to the devil!" The Russian Orthodox hierarchy has been fully supportive of Putin's war in Ukraine, as well as in Syria. Patriarch Kirill, the head of the Orthodox Church, has repeatedly backed the Kremlin line on the Russian invasion. He has said Moscow is not the aggressor and that genocide is being carried out by Ukrainians against Russian speakers in the Donbas. READ MORE: 'Grovelling' Macron accused of 'shining Putin's boots' - 'Pathetic' The church's top man also claimed back in 2012 that Putin's presidency was a "miracle of God." The 75-year-old has been strongly criticised by leaders of other faiths for his pro-war stance. Pope Francis warned the Russian patriarch against hiding behind religion to justify armed aggression and conquest, after the two held a video meting in March. The pope said: "Once upon a time there was also talk in our churches of holy war or just war. “Today we cannot speak like this.” DON'T MISSAndy Murray set to 'defend' Wimbledon decision to ban Russian players [NEWS]Ukraine LIVE: Fresh Putin humiliation as 50 Russian officers wiped out [SPOTLIGHT]Boris vows to send Ukraine ‘heavier weaponry’ [REVEAL] The Kremlin rejected an appeal by Kyiv to introduce a truce over Easter for the religious festivities. President Volodoymyr Zelensky accused Moscow of showing a lack of respect to its own religion. He said on Thursday: "Unfortunately, Russia rejected the proposal to establish an Easter truce. "This shows very well how the leaders of this state actually treat the Christian faith, one of the most joyful and important holidays." According to Pew Research Center data, 78 percent of Ukrainians and 71 percent of Russians identify as Orthodox.