Many Britons choose to move abroad to enjoy new experiences, better weather or find their fortune. But which countries offer expats the best opportunities? New research by William Russell has unveiled how much expats could earn working in different countries around the world. The team looked at countries in the OECD zone to find the best opportunities for British expats. British expats can earn the most in Switzerland where the average expat salary is £70,233. Unsurprisingly, the beautiful country was named the best destination in the world for expats in the HSBC Expat Explorer Survey. READ MORE: Venice gives tourists water pistols to take on seagulls In second place for high wages was the USA where the average salary for expats is £52,102. Norway came in third and British expats earn an average of £48,787 in the stunning Scandinavian country. At the other end of the scale, British expats can expect to earn the least in Turkey where the average salary is £4,436. The gorgeous country is a popular destination for expats and British tourists who travel to enjoy its beaches. However, expats can expect to save on everyday costs in Turkey which has the lowest cost of living in the OECD. In contrast, Switzerland has the highest cost of living in the OECD so expats will need that extra cash. Colombia had the second lowest wages in the OECD zone with an average salary of £8,467. British expat favourites Greece and Portugal also landed in the top 10 lowest average salaries in the OECD. However, expats can expect to save on everyday costs in Turkey which has the lowest cost of living in the OECD. In contrast, Switzerland has the highest cost of living in the OECD so expats will need that extra cash. Colombia had the second lowest wages in the OECD zone with an average salary of £8,467. British expat favourites Greece and Portugal also landed in the top 10 lowest average salaries in the OECD. Although Brexit has made the process of moving to the EU a little more complicated, British expats can still use various schemes to do so. Expats can apply for golden visa schemes in several countries including Portugal, although they will need to make an investment to qualify. Britons could also apply for working visas if they want to live in the EU but may be subject to different rules than residents. 