Viewers tuned in to Saturday night's finale of ITV's Starstruck after the singing impersonators took to the stage for the last time. After host Olly Murs announced Rachel as the winner, he revealed to viewers that there would be a second series and informed them of how they could apply to be a part of the film. The latest singing competition brought by ITV sees talented singers take to the stage to impersonate their musical idols. It emulates the classic 90s show Stars In Their Eyes, and viewers were eagerly hoping there would be a second series thrown into the mix. As the singers took to the stage, they were then judged by talents such as Adam Lambert, Sheridan Smith, Jason Manford and Beverley Knight. After Rachel was announced the winner, Olly turned to the camera and revealed: "If you would love the chance to perform on this very stage, apply now for Starstruck series two, all the details can be found at the bottom of the screen. READ MORE: Cillian Murphy says goodbye to Peaky Blinders "Thank you for watching, and who knows, next time, you could be Starstruck!" Executive producer Cat Lawson said: "We couldn't be prouder of this series, full credit to our incredible host, panel and super talented contestants. "We simply cannot wait to uncover more teams of secret superstars and give them the ultimate popstar glow-up." Despite season two being confirmed, viewers were left divided over the result, with many insisting it was the wrong decision. The final saw contestants perform as Freddie Mercury, Cher, Tina Turner, Billie Eilish, Barbra Streisand and Lionel Richie. Olly announced the winner and said: "Six incredible performers, but only one can be our winner tonight. The votes are in. “Our Starstruck champion and taking home a massive £50,000 is… Rachel! Congratulations, you’re the winner of Starstruck." Touching on how she felt about winning, she said: "I feel like I'm walking around on a dream! I can't say anything. I don't know what to say." DON'T MISS...‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show [INSIGHT]Adam Lambert admits to mocking Starstruck's Olly Murs 'Took the p**s' [LATEST]Brian May and Adam Lambert’s take on Queen ‘affair’ unearthed [WATCH]  Many thought that crowning Rachel as the winner was the wrong decision, with @rubyeyelashes commenting: "Wrong winner for me #starstruck." “I don’t mean to sound like a 40-year-old mother, but I’m absolutely livid at the result of #Starstruck Freddie Mercury was ROBBED,” @StephanieClark0 fumed. @dagiya added: "Cher sounds fab, but Tina had the whole package. Tina is robbed." Sara Nightingale questioned: "The winner is Cher? you serious?"(sic However, others congratulated the amazing singer, with@DanJBrownMUFC praising: “A great end to #Starstruck, well done Rachel, well deserved. "This has been a great bit of fun to have on Saturday nights, and we’ve seen some really talented people along the way. Thanks to all involved." "@rachaelhawnt well deserved win, so so very proud of you #starstruck," @Laura_Joyce_ wrote.!" Sara Kingsley said: "YES CHER! She was my fav from the start, knew she would go all the way and win!" (sic) Starstruck series one is available to watch on ITV Hub.