Mohamed Salah's recent form has been a hot topic of debate with the Egyptian failing to produce the world-class performances he showed at the start of the season upon his return from the Africa Cup of Nations. And Liverpool hero John Aldridge has claimed that Jurgen Klopp's side will not beat Manchester City at the weekend if Salah plays poorly once again. The monumental tie between Liverpool and City on Sunday has piqued the interest of the entire world, with the Etihad set to host a crunch clash that will have a huge say in the Premier League title race. Liverpool sit just one point behind City with eight games left, having won their last 10 Premier League games. The runaway sides both sit at least 13 points clear of third-placed Chelsea, meaning that it is now a two-horse race to clinch the title at the end of the season. The Reds are still in the hunt for an unprecedented quadruple, whilst City can still claim a treble, such is the quality of both sides. But with Liverpool needing to win in Manchester to put the league firmly in their hands, Salah has been called upon to put his form right for the battle. And Aldridge believes a positive result for Klopp's men will depend upon whether Salah turns up or not, having produced a poor performance against Watford on Saturday. MUST READ: Arsenal, Man Utd given reason to buy Nunez as he shows clinical side "Salah’s contract stand-off has been rumbling on for far too long now and while it didn’t seem to affect him at the start of the season, it looks like it might be getting to him now," Aldridge wrote for the Sunday World. "The fans are unhappy about it, the club are probably fuming about it, and now if Salah puts in more of the kind of performances he served up against Watford, it will be a massive problem for manager Jurgen Klopp. "Salah looked fed up when Klopp took him off and replaced him with Sadio Mane mid-way through the second half, but he had no choice. To be honest, Liverpool’s leading scorer could have been taken off before that as he didn’t appear to be up for the challenge and he needs to snap out of this quickly. Liverpool have made Salah a huge offer to sign a new contract and the player and agent have turned it down, but this next month will highlight whether he is worth what he is asking for. MORE CHAMPIONS LEAGUE NEWS...Man City beat Atletico Madrid: Five things we learnedPep Guardiola hails 'special' Man City trio after Atletico winThomas Tuchel demands Chelsea fans 'be better' vs Real Madrid  "If the reports are true and Salah thinks he should be paid £500,000-a-week, he needs to show he is worth that in the games that matter and none are bigger than the Manchester City game next Sunday. That game is now massive for the destiny of the title and Liverpool probably can’t win at the Etihad Stadium unless Salah is at his best." The Egyptian has scored seven goals in 12 appearances against the Citizens in his time at Anfield. And fans will be aiming to rely on him once more as Liverpool aim to win their second Premier League title in the last three years.