Tyson Fury's father has slammed David Haye and branded him a 'hater' in an explosive interview as the Gypsy King prepares to fight Dillian Whyte. The 33-year-old will defend his WBC Heavyweight title against ‘The Body Snatcher’ at Wembley Stadium on April 23. Many have had their say on what is sure to be one of the biggest fights of the year, including former WBA Heavyweight champion David Haye. The retired boxer believes Whyte can cause an upset and explained his reasons why in a chat with talkSPORT. “I just feel that this is his [Whyte] opportunity to shock the world,” Haye said. “The type of opponent that you’d need to beat Tyson Fury, Dillian Whyte has all of those attributes. “He can punch hard, he’s got cardio for days he’s got the desire and belief in himself. I think Whyte is going to pull up the upset. I think this is his opportunity. I think this is what he’s been waiting for. JUST IN: David Haye faces 'commentary ban' after backing Dillian Whyte upset against Tyson Fury  “This happened at the right time for him and I think the fact that Tyson Fury’s so highly regarded by everybody, works in Dillian’s favour. So, I’m going with the unpopular underdog.” Comments like this have infuriated John Fury, Tyson’s father and demanded Haye not be allowed to commentate on his son’s fight. “David Haye is not allowed to comment on that show. David Haye needs to take a back seat in the stands where nobody can see him,” Fury Sr fumed. “I’ve already made it quite clear to Frank Warren – he is not allowed to be commentating on my son’s fight, otherwise there will be a problem. “That’s black and white, the nation can hear me. He’s a hater, I don’t want him near my family, that’s the bottom line. They know me, BT, and I will not be silent if he’s there.” When asked if it would be difficult to grant his request, he continued: “No, it’s not difficult because he’s never got a prediction right. “He's the worst pundit in the world and I’ll tell you why – his heart rules his head. He’s a hater, always has been and he’s jealous of Tyson because he’d love to be the man Tyson is and he can’t, and jealousy consumes him. It’s been proven and I don’t want him near the show.” The undefeated boxer has suggested he will retire after his fight with Whyte, claims which were swiftly dismissed by his father. "Bulls**t“, Fury said bluntly. "Tyson, you know for a fact he’s as mad as a box of frogs, where’s he gonna go without boxing? “What’s he gonna do? Empty some bins, go for a coffee, take his kids and pick them up from the school, read the paper? Come on. You take what Tyson says with a pinch of salt. I’m his father I know what’s what. Boxing’s his life. He’ll be boxing when he’s 40-years-old. It’s a bigger addiction than any drug in the world to a fighter, anyone will tell you that. Tyson's the biggest wind up merchant in the world and people should know him by now."  