Thandiwe Newton, 49, has apparently split from her film director husband, Ol Parker, 52. The couple got married in 1998 and share three children: Ripley, 22, Nico, 18, and Booker, eight. The news comes after Thandiwe quit her role in the third Magic Mike film. A source from the Magic Mike set said: “Thandiwe had been acting strange on set, she has been very highly strung. “Her apparent breakdown caused so much disruption, it became clear she couldn’t play the role. “There is a lot going on in her personal life, she and her husband have separated.” They continued to PageSix: “She seemed so stressed, she even brought her two pet rabbits to her hotel for emotional support.” READ MORE:A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman reflects on bad weather Thandiwe and Ol met in 1995 on the set of BBC drama, In Your Dreams. Back in 2009, the Westworld actress opened up about their first encounter and how she fell in love with the director immediately. She told InStyle magazine: “[Ol] was on set every day and I fell madly in love with him. I'd never experienced that before. “Up until then, my relationships had always been more based on people wanting to be with me. When I met Ol, I was dating a really sweet, lovely man and I had to leave him straight away, even though I wasn't even going out with Ol. "But as soon as I met Ol, it kind of cut off any other blood vessels to anywhere else. We got married about two years later.” Speaking in 2012, Ol gushed that Thandiwe was “the most honest person he has ever met”. He continued to the Evening Standard: “She believes that she’s a good person, and all the evidence points to that fact. So she just tells people the truth. “As a result she’s the most popular person I know, her friends adore her.” DON'T MISSCatherine Zeta-Jones posts pic of husband and kids in family reunion[PICTURES]'Turned up with contracts’ Simon Cowell on Amanda Holden's BGT demands[INSIGHT]John Wayne’s seven children and their co-starring roles uncovered[NEWS] Ol is best known as the director of the films Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again, Imagine Me & You and Now is Good. News of Thandiwe and Ol’s separation comes after she decided to step away from her role in the latest Magic Mike outing. In a statement released earlier this month, Warner Bros said Thandiwe made the decision due to “family matters”. A spokesperson told CNN: “Thandiwe Newton has made the difficult decision to step away from the production of Warner Bros. Pictures' Magic Mike's Last Dance to deal with family matters.”