Dr Michael Mosley joined wellbeing expert Liz Earle for a Facebook Live earlier this year and the pair discussed the many diets for weight loss. During their conversation, Dr Michael spoke about the keto diet and how it can help someone “burn fat around [the] tummy” area. He gave a detailed explanation of what happens to the body when fewer carbohydrates are being consumed. Liz said: “Keto is when you put yourself into ketosis. “Can you define, as a doctor, from a medical point of view - what happens in our bodies?” Dr Michael replied: “Broadly speaking we are like a hybrid car - we run on two fuel systems, sugar and fat. “Most of the time we are primarily on sugar, the fat is there - it’s money in the ban, your body is reluctant to shift the fat, so it burns in sugar instead. READ MORE: Doctor on foods to eat and avoid to lose menopause weight “If however, you cut your calories, cut your carbs, what happens is you will deplete your sugar supply. “You’ve got about half a kilo of sugar stored away in your liver and muscles, and only when you deplete that, does your body turn to fat burning - it starts to burn up the fat around your tummy and it starts to burn that. “But the way it does that is by converting the stored fat into something called ketone bodies and uses that as fuel, and your brain likes it and your body likes it,” he explained. “The keto diet was originally developed over 100 years ago - 1921 - to treat children with epilepsy, so it’s been around a long time. DON'T MISS...Aldi: How to save money on your food shop - items to look out for [INSIDER TIPS]‘Outgoing’ Princess Charlotte compared to Diana - ‘Initially shy’ [BODY LANGUAGE]April 2022 horoscopes: What’s in store for each star sign this month [INSIGHT] “But only more recently has it been investigated as a way of losing weight.” In terms of the benefits of a keto diet, the weight loss expert added: “The good thing about keto is once you’re into a state of ketosis when you’re burning primarily ketone bodies, this suppresses your hunger ghrelin, so you don’t feel hungry. “There is [also] long term research now that shows being on a keto diet helps preserve your muscle mass, and you obviously want that as you lose weight. “There is a transition period which is a bit tricky, I call it flipping the metabolic switch.” As for the results, Dr Michael revealed: “I put myself on the diet just before Christmas, and I lost about 11lbs (five kilograms) in two weeks - but I’m more used to flipping the metabolic switch. “If you’ve never done it, you’ll feel a little odd, but you need to drink lots of water and in a couple of days you feel super energetic which is kind of surprising.” Dr Michael’s Fast 800 Keto plan sees 800-1000 calories consumed each day. The meal plans have been carefully designed to ensure the consumption of at least 50-60g of protein and around 20g or fewer carbohydrates. Some might notice the carbohydrates on the plan are significantly lower than Dr Mosley’s recommendations, that’s to allow extra low-calorie, non-starchy vegetables to be added to every meal, without having to worry about counting extra carbs. Takes 20 minutes to prepare and 30 minutes to cook, the recipe serves one. Dr Michael said: “This keto burger is a great option if you’re looking to lower your intake of carbohydrates and help your body get into ketosis. “A standard takeaway burger will leave you feeling unsatisfied and hungry, being packed with refined carbs and trans fat. “However, our burger will give you long-lasting energy, help you burn fat and lose weight for better health.” There are 480 calories per serving, 37.6g of protein, 3.2g of fibre, 3.4g of carbs and 34.7g of fat. Ingredients: One tbsp unsalted butter melted One large egg One tbsp milk One tbsp almond flour One tbsp coconut flour Eighth of a tsp baking powder Poppy seeds, optional 100g lean beef mince A quarter of a tsp garlic powder Half a tsp dried oregano 20g cheddar cheese, sliced A quarter of a baby cos lettuce A quarter of a tomato, sliced One tsp whole egg mayonnaise (new ingredient) One tsp dijon mustard Method: 1. Preheat the oven to fan forced 160°C/180°C/350°F/Gas mark four. 2. In a bowl, combine the butter, egg, milk, almond and coconut flour and baking powder. Stir with a whisk until thoroughly combined and smooth. 3. Lightly grease a 12cm/4inch circular ramekin/s and then pour batter into a ramekin/s and smooth the surface. 4. Bake for 15-20 minutes, or until the surface of the bread springs back when touched rather than sinking in then let the bread cool slightly. 5. While the bun/s are baking, make your burger patties: mix the beef mince with oregano, garlic powder and salt and pepper. Form into round patties (about the same size as your ramekins). 6. Fry your patties in a pan over medium-high heat for a few minutes on each side. 7. Once flipped, place the cheese slice on top and turn the heat to low and put a lid on the pan to encourage the cheese to melt. 8. Use a spatula to loosen the bread from the sides of the ramekin and turn it out. 9. Slice your bun in half horizontally and spread the mayonnaise over before layering in your lettuce and tomato. 10. Top with your burger pattie and the top of the bun. Serve with a crunchy green salad or steamed low calorie non-starchy vegetables.