  Good Morning Britain presenter Richard Arnold spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about his co-star Kate Garraway whilst presenting at the Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest. The star began by talking about the support Kate was getting from their ITV team in light of her husband Derek Draper’s life-threatening battle with Covid, before going on to discuss her brave antics while competing on hit show I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here! in 2019.      Richard, 52, recalled watching his GMB colleague Kate, 54, compete on ITV’s I’m A Celebrity just before the pandemic completely changed everything. Kate is currently providing round-the-clock care for her husband Derek Draper, 54, who returned home from hospital in April 2021 after a year-long battle with Covid that almost cost him his life. The popular presenter competed on the 2019 series of I’m A Celebrity alongside the likes of Andy Whyment, Ian Wright, Nadine Coyle and series winner Jacqueline Jossa. Richard remembered how, before she had even entered the Australian jungle, Kate had to face a terrifying 334ft plank walk. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’    When asked about Kate’s brave stint in the jungle, he said: “I know, I don't know how to this day she walked that plank. “That day they have the challenge for you to step out on the plank on that skyscraper… “I mean, that's the one thing I couldn't do - anything to do with heights,” he confessed. “In all honesty, if they threw me out of the plane, I'd be more grateful.     “There's something about being on a man-made structure that chills my water,” he continued. “But if they're going to throw me from a balloon or a plane, and I'm strapped to someone who knows what they're doing, then I'd happily take that over walking the plank.” During the interview, Richard also explained how “eternally grateful” Kate was for the support she has received, both from her team and the viewers watching at home, since her husband Derek went into hospital. When asked about what the team had been doing to support Kate over the past couple of years, Richard confirmed that the presenters and crew on Good Morning Britain are all “very close”. READ MORE... Demi Rose in risqué display flashing cleavage in sheer corset [PICS] Donald Trump mocks Prince Harry as HE 'made the Queen smile' [INSIGHT] Michelle Keegan dubbed ‘fittest woman ever’ after ‘unreal' bikini snaps [PICS]      He said: “I think when you've been around your colleagues, as long as we have… “I mean, even Susanna (Reid) and Charlotte (Hawkins) and Laura (Tobin) and Ranvir (Singh) are rounding up 10 years or so now… Nearly a decade! “And of course, Kate, Ben (Shephard) and I have known each other for well over 20 years. “So, when one of us, one of the team, one of the family, is going through any kind of time that’s challenging, we're all there for each other, you know?      “Because we do see each other every day. We're there through it all,” he said of his GMB colleagues. “And I know that Kate is eternally grateful for the support that she's got from all the viewers,” Richard continued. “And she's been very vocal about the support that she's had from the team, not just the family of faces on screen, but the people behind the scenes as well. “So together collectively, I hope that we're all moving to a better place - particularly for Kate and, of course, absolutely for Derek and the whole family.” Kate and Derek share two children: daughter Darcey, 16, and son William, 12. The Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest, the world’s longest-running home and interiors exhibition, will return to Olympia London next spring from 17th March to 2nd April 2023. For more information and tickets, please visit idealhomeshow.co.uk.   