Chelsea midfielder Ruben Loftus-Cheek has joined Mason Mount in firing a warning to Liverpool ahead of next month's FA Cup final. The two Premier League giants will clash at Wembley Stadium again in a rematch of their thrilling Carabao Cup clash in February. Thanks to a breathtaking first-half blitz, Liverpool beat Manchester City 3-2 on Saturday as Jurgen Klopp seeks to lift both domestic cups this season. Chelsea responded by cruising past Crystal Palace 2-0 in a lively London derby, reaching their fifth FA Cup final in six years. Loftus-Cheek opened the scoring with a powerful 65th-minute strike before Mount sealed the win 14 minutes from time. And after Chelsea were edged on penalties by Liverpool in the Carabao Cup showdown, the former has revealed they are hell-bent on vengeance under the iconic arch. He told ITV Sport: "We saw [the game] yesterday, and we want to get them back. Simple as that. I felt it was a fantastic game last time in the [Carabao Cup] final. It could have gone either way. So we'll look forward to that, and we'll look forward to getting our revenge." JUST IN: Romelu Lukaku given deadline to save Chelsea career in stark warning Whilst Chelsea have made a habit of consistently reaching finals in recent years, they haven't won many on these shores, losing their last five finals at Wembley in all competitions. And Mount joined Loftus-Cheek in stressing the Blues' desire to get payback on Liverpool and finally enjoy success at the national stadium. "It's definitely time for us to win a final at Wembley. For myself I think it's been five finals I've lost," Mount explained. "So now we have to put the pressure on ourselves to step up and it's going to be a tough game. We remember the last Cup final we played very, very recently and now it's time to get our payback." READ MORE: Arsenal ace Martinelli can be the answer to Arteta's top-four problems Following their narrow Champions League quarter-final exit at Real Madrid last week, Chelsea will only have one goal in mind at the end of the season. Thomas Tuchel's side should finish comfortably inside the top three in the Premier League and will soon be able to switch their entire focus on the FA Cup final. Liverpool look stronger than they ever have under Klopp, though, and are still in with a shout of a first-ever quadruple by an English club. Should they remain alive in the Premier League and Champions League by the time the showcase arrives, the Reds will be tough to topple. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.