A British mum has discussed the products she uses to tackle the shower, from removing soap scum to tricky limescale. Lucy is a cleaning guru, with fans across social media coming to her for tips. The cleaning, home, motherhood, and lifestyle Instagram, TikTok, and YouTube influencer and been sharing her tips for three years. She posts her insights on @cleaningwithlucy, where her followers can learn from her expertise. She discussed how to clean a dirty shower screen door with Express.co.uk. Lucy disclosed her favourite products for the job. She said: "Flash Bathroom and a Dishmatic refill are your best friends for the shower!" READ MORE: Shaving foam trick to clean baths, showers, sinks and grout 'surprisingly good cleaner'   Flash Bathroom Liquid Cleaner costs just £2. The cleaner, specifically designed for the bathroom "blends Flash cleaning power with the degreasing effect of Fairy to quickly dissolve grease and dirt while leaving a fresh scent and brilliant shine," according to the brand. It is said by makers to be tough on soap scum and can be used on bathroom surfaces like bathtubs, tiles, and taps. Dishmatic refills, on the other hand, are abrasive sponges with an anti-bacterial treatment. Its tough surface makes it great for removing dirt, and they cost around 50p each. DON'T MISS'Best product' to clean a shower screen - 'my holy grail' [CLEANING] 'Best combination' to leave shower screen sparkling [HOME] 'Best way' to tackle a dirty shower screen or door [GUIDE] For a more serious cleaning job like limescale, Lucy recommends heavy-duty products. She said: "If your limescale marks are quite bad you can use a cream cleaner and a Scrub Daddy or an abrasive non-scratch sponge." The Scrub Daddy is a cult classic cleaning product known as "America's Favourite Sponge". The tough scrubbers, recognisable due to their smiley face design come in a number of designs. The main feature of the product is that it is soft and absorbent in warm water and firm in cold water, so it can be used to perform a number of jobs. This is a question much disputed by experts. A microbiologist Jason Tero told NBC the bathroom should be wiped down once a week and shower curtains disinfected weekly. Merry Maid cleaning services suggest cleaning the bathroom "at least once a week". Melissa Maker told Martha Stewart the shower should get attention every day, and Britons should use a squeegee to wipe down the walls and floor and dry off walls and doors with a microfibre cloth. A cleaner, Hailey Becnel, told Express.co.uk her routine to clean a dirty shower screen door. Hailey runs the Instagram account @thecleaningchannel. The mum said: "For a dirty shower door I will always use a non-scratch sponge and liquid Bar Keepers Friend, a product I love." Bar Keepers Friend is a cleaner made with oxalic acid.