Members of the audience at Prince Philip's memorial were discussing Prince Harry's absence from the proceedings, according to the Daily Mail's royal editor Rebecca English. Harry was a "notable absence" from his grandfather's service of thanksgiving held at Westminster Abbey this week. Speaking to the MailPlus' Palace Confidential, Ms English said that the Duke of Sussex dominated the conversation for many attending the event. She said: "I certainly know from speaking to the few people I did in the congregation, that it was Harry was a big topic of conversation amongst them as well as Andrew. "People thought despite everything that had happened it was pretty poor form that he didn't go." Harry had previously confirmed that he would not be making the trip to the UK for the memorial. The Duke is still engaged in legal action with the Home Office, which he wants to provide him with police protection. JUST IN: Royal Family LIVE: Beatrice's 'risky gesture' to Andrew and Queen Ms English added: "There was a fantastic turnout of European royalty. "I think I counted almost 30 members of various royal families there, which I think shows you how loved and appreciated Philip was "There was one person notable by their absence and that was Prince Harry. "In one way I don't think it was a bad thing because everyone would have been looking at him. "Everyone would have been trying to assess his body language and the interactions he had with the rest of the family, given everything that has gone on." Richard Kay, a veteran royal correspondent, said the Duke's absence proved just how far apart the two sides now find themselves. He said: "In part, I think it probably was because of this allegation that he wasn’t getting the protection he feels he deserves for his family." DON'T MISS: POLL: Should the public decide if royals get to keep their titles? [POLL]Martin Lewis gets emotional over energy crisis 'frustration' [INTERVIEW]'Ukrainian curling' Soldiers kick anti-tank landmines out of road [VIDEO] He added: "The other issue it throws up is that it does illustrate just how deep the rift is between Harry and the family and I think it has now reached a fairly critical phase." A representative for Harry has previously said the Duke wants to fund the security himself, rather than ask taxpayers to foot the bill. His representative has insisted that Harry wants to bring his children to visit from the US, but is “unable to return to his home” because it is too dangerous. Robert Palmer QC, for the Home Office, previously said the Duke's offer of private funding was “irrelevant.”