Searches for “fuel costs” have risen by 50 percent in the last seven days, according to Google Trends. And, motoring experts from Zuto have now offered some tips to help drivers save money when on the road. These include considering the vehicle’s road tax and reducing air conditioning usage. Current data from RAC Fuel Watch shows an average price of 162.64p for a litre of petrol with diesel drivers being set back 176.90p. On top of the fuel prices, drivers are also faced with increasing costs of living, so it is not surprising that motorists are looking to save money wherever they can. Car experts at Zuto have, therefore, compiled a number of tips that could ensure drivers use their fuel as efficiently as possible and that they are not spending more money than they need to. There are many ways motorists can be more fuel-efficient, from removing excess weight in the car to avoiding over usage of air-conditioning. READ MORE: Electric car owner fined £100 after charging his vehicle in car park The first thing that drivers should do is be aware of their miles per gallon. Zuto experts said: “Being aware of your car’s MPG (miles per gallon) will give you an idea of how fuel-efficient your car is, with the higher your MPG being, the more fuel-efficient it is. “This can vary from the model and make of your car. “There are a few tips which can help to improve your MPG. DON'T MISS British drivers warned of busiest Easter on UK roads in eight years [WARNING] Cost of Easter car rental increases by 135 percent [REVEAL] Drivers call for EV owners to pay tax [INSIGHT] “For example, for long journeys, it is best to drive at a constant speed to maximise MPG.” Next on the list is tyre pressure. By performing a tyre pressure check at least once a month, motorists can ensure that their tyres are sufficiently inflated at all times. Having under-inflated tyres can not only put drivers and their passengers at risk, but also cost more money by affecting fuel efficiency. The experts added: “To check your tyre pressure, ensure you know your car’s recommended pressure levels, this can often be found in your owner’s manual or in the fuel cap. “Simply set the air machine to the recommended level, whether this be one you use at home or at a petrol station, then attach the air pressure gauge to your tyre valve.” Removing unnecessary weight from vehicles can also go a long way. Getting rid of unnecessary baggage will ensure that motorists are not using more petrol than needed. The lighter the car, the cheaper it is to run the experts highlighted. They continued: “Whether this be smaller items that you keep in your car such as kids’ car seats or the larger external items such as a roof box or bike racks, if they’re not being used for your journey, be sure to store them away until you next need them.” Additionally, motorists have been urged to consider their vehicle’s road tax. With car tax rates rising in April as the Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) increases, drivers could be paying more than they need to. “Therefore, if you’re in an expensive bracket, consider upgrading it for one which has a lower emission rating to save money in the long run,” the Zuro experts said. There are many easily accessible cars that have a road tax under £50 a year due to their lower emission rating such as the Ford Fiesta and Ford Focus. The experts also stressed that drivers should only use air conditioning when completely necessary. Using air conditioning when not needed can put a strain on your engine and cause it to burn more fuel, especially when you are travelling at slow speeds. Lastly, motorists were urged to drive smoothly and change gears as gently as possible. The experts said: “When driving, try to avoid accelerating fast and slamming on the brakes as these can both significantly affect your fuel consumption. Instead, aim to both accelerate and brake slowly.” They added: “For manual drivers, when changing gear, try to change gear as gently and early as possible to avoid revving your engine. “This will help not to overwork your engine causing it to use more fuel.”