Everyone knows that the cost of a basket of food at the supermarket is going to lead to some penny-pinching in the bleak days of 2022’s cost of living crisis, with prices soaring and taxes on the rise. But while you might have thought Easter was a chance to forget these troubles and indulge in some chocolate, you might need to check your budget before deciding which eggs to buy. Across the board, data now shows that all major retailers are selling Easter eggs for more money per 100g than in previous years. Some egg producers have even cut the volume of chocolate used in favourite brands, while keeping up with price inflations. Cadbury’s, for example, has seen its big sellers all decreasing in grams while increasing in price. And even the items staying the same size are seeing spikes in cost per 100g, making Easter a pricier celebration than ever this year. According to data first analysed by the Mail on Sunday, Cadbury's large Easter eggs are up to 9.7 percent smaller now compared with 2019, with consumers getting up to 25g less chocolate per £3 box. READ MORE: Petrol shortage: 9 ways to make your fuel go further this Easter  And looking back to 2018, these numbers are even more staggering, with the data showing Cadbury eggs have shrunk by an average of 16 percent in four years. The weight loss means up to 45g less chocolate per pack compared with 2018 – equivalent to a whole Dairy Milk single bar. Brands have blamed the spike on increasing costs of cocoa, supply chain issues, and increasing production costs. Charles Allen, a retail analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence, claimed manufacturers plan Easter products up to 15 months in advance of the holiday itself, and blamed the issue on retailers. He said: “Manufacturers know what price retailers want to sell their products at and have to calculate how they can deliver a product to sell at that price while retaining their profit.”  He called this a process of “shrinkflation”, whereby a product shrinks but the price still inflates. But James Daley, of fairerfinance.com, said chocolate firms should “share some of the pain”. Mondelez International, which owns Cadbury, said: “Sometimes we need to reduce the size or weight of a product so we can keep them competitive.” A look at the major British retailers shows varying prices for the most popular Easter egg options. Research conducted by Which? shows that everyone’s favourite egg – the Cadbury’s creme egg – is cheapest at Aldi, Asda and Lidl, at £0.99.  Tesco sells the firm favourite for £1, while at high-end supermarket Waitrose it was 59 percent more expensive at £1.57. The biggest differences in cost were for the Cadbury Buttons and Cadbury Creme Eggs, with both 59 percent more expensive at Waitrose compared with the cheapest supermarkets. For those looking to buy a giant Easter egg, the Cadbury Crunchie Giant Egg was £3.57 more expensive at Ocado and Tesco compared to Asda, at £8.43. On the cheaper side, a 100g Dairyfine Milk Chocolate Bunny from Aldi – designed to look similar to the Lindt chocolate bunny – will cost you just £0.79 per 100g.  A real Lindt Gold Bunny from Sainsbury's will set you back £2.50 per 100g, more than three times the price of the Aldi version. Meanwhile, a £3 Cadbury Twirl Orange Large Easter Egg Carton (241g) at Sainsbury’s gets you the will see you paying £1.24 per 100g. This same product is being sold on Ocado for £6, showing just how much online retail hikes prices. The most expensive place to buy your eggs across the board is Waitrose, where a home-brand 165g egg will set you back £5.60, or £3.40 per 100g. 