Carlos Alcaraz has explained how he got over the line in his Miami Open quarter-final to beat Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal's records and become the youngest teenager to make back-to-back semi-finals in the 'Sunshine Double'. The 18-year-old lost to Nadal in the Indian Wells semis and faces defending Miami Open champion Hubert Hurkacz in his second successive last-four match. Alcaraz has been continuing to make a name for himself on the ATP Tour at just 18 years of age. After reaching the last four at the Miami Open, he has already secured himself a spot in the world's top 15 for the first time, something he set as his goal for 2022. It's his second semi-final in a row after making it to the same stage in Indian Wells where he lost a tight three-set battle to Nadal 6-4 4-6 6-3. Indian Wells and Miami make up the 'Sunshine Double' as the first Masters 1000s of the season played back-to-back in differing conditions, and it has become notoriously difficult to win both titles and achieve the double. While the current world No 16 didn't win Indian Wells recently, he has cemented himself as the youngest player to reach the semi-finals of both events. At 18 years of age, he is younger than both Djokovic and Nadal were when they reached the semi-finals of both events in the Sunshine Double, with both players aged 19 when they achieved the feat. He also joins Andy Murray and Andre Agassi on the list of the only teenagers to do the double of semi-finals, who were also 19 at the time. JUST IN: Nadal praised for 'courageous' mentality after making mistake  The 14th seed this week in Miami made it to the semi-finals by the skin of his teeth, just edging out Miomir Kecmanovic in a two-hour-and-23-minute comeback victory, 6-7(5) 6-3 7-6(5). Speaking after the match, Alcaraz admitted it was the crowd who got him over the line and went as far as to claim it would have been "impossible" to win without them. “It was a pretty close match," the 18-year-old said. "I think the atmosphere and this match was unbelievable. I think the best atmosphere that I have experienced on these courts, for sure. It was amazing. I enjoyed the match, even though it was a really close and tough match. It was a pretty good match." DON'T MISSDjokovic 'admired' for sticking to vaccine stance amid controversyMedvedev praised 'strong' Osaka before tearful return to big finalUkrainian tennis star 'ignored' by Russians as mum 'teased' by bombs  The two-time title winner also admitted the fans made him feel as though he was playing at home, adding: "I think that I’m playing in Spain. It’s unbelievable. The energy that they push to me, it was crazy. I think without them it would not be possible to get into the semifinal today." And he will be hoping the crowd can push him on once more on Friday night as he takes on the defending champion in the semi-final. Alcaraz will be hoping to reach his maiden Masters 1000 final, with first-time Masters finalist Casper Ruud awaiting the winner of Alcaraz vs Hurkacz, having defeated Francisco Cerundolo 6-4 6-1 earlier on Friday.