Camilla Parker Bowles visited Hampshire today, where she was welcomed by the region’s children and given a tour of Jane Austen’s house. The Duchess of Cornwall glowed in a tartan jacket with a matching flowing skirt. Camilla is known for her impeccable wardrobe and vast jewellery collection. The Duchess often has some special outfits and jewels on rotation, suggesting she is aware of both financial and environmental issues. She regularly recycles her favourite pieces such as the tartan skirt suit she was seen wearing today. Camilla has already worn the outfit once this year, back in February. READ MORE: Boots announces change to Advantage Card points The suit is comprised of a tight-fitting jacket and a mid-length pleated skirt. Both the jacket and skirt feature a purple, blue, and green tartan print. The jacket has an upturned collar and buttons running down its middle. Today, Camilla paired the two-piece with a white blouse and black boots. DON'T MISS: Weight loss: Grapefruit contains antioxidant that ‘burns fat faster’ [RESEARCH]Prince Charles leaves Queen Letizia 'awkward’ with kiss on hand [BODY LANGUAGE]Aries weekly horoscope: Star sign to be patient for success in love [INSIGHT] The blouse had a ruffled collar and ruffled sleeves. Meanwhile, the boots were a pair Camilla often wears, which are knee-high and suede. Camilla finished her look with a dark green leather saddle bag, which matched the green of her outfit. As for jewellery, Camilla wore gold dangling earrings featuring diamond-shaped quartz gemstones. Her make-up included lashings of black mascara, coloured-in brows, and a slick of pink lipstick. The Duchess of Cornwall visited Jane Austen’s house in Hampshire today, where she was allowed to see some of its treasures. During a tour of the house, Director Lizzie Dunford showed Camilla the iconic white shirt Colin Firth wore during the lake scene in the BBC’s adaptation of Pride and Prejudice. The Duchess was also shown the valuable first edition novel of Pride and Prejudice. Royal fans were quick to take to social media to express their opinions on the Duchess and her outfit. Twitter user @BaronessBuck wrote: “Be still my heart!” Suzy Hamilton commented: “Goodness me! What an occasion!” User @j1847eyre simply said: “Wow!”