Peaky Blinders came to an epic conclusion on Sunday night as the BBC drama aired its last ever episode. Viewers were left stunned by a final plot twist that saw gang leader Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) live to tell the tale. Despite the show wrapping up most of its loose ends, some fans have some burning questions after watching the series finale. WARNING: This story contains spoilers Towards the end of the episode, Tommy bid farewell to his family and friends, without revealing where he was going. He said his final goodbyes at a dinner party in the woods, telling his son Charles Shelby (Billy Jenkins) to look after his mother. Before leaving, Tommy leant over and whispered something to his estranged son Duke Shelby (Conrad Khan). Fans are desperate to know what words he uttered to Duke, with some suspecting he could have been preparing him to take over the Peaky Blinders. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... The finale also saw some drama amongst some of the younger members of the Shelby family. Duke brutally told Finn Shelby (Harry Kirton) he was no longer a part of the family by order of the Peaky Blinders. This was because Finn was considered a traitor after he passed on information about Tommy's plan to assassinate Oswald Moseley (Sam Claflin). After trying and failing to shoot Duke during an intense showdown during the finale episode, Finn was banished from the family. As a result, many viewers are wondering where Finn will head now. Fans of the show are aware there are plans in place for a Peaky Blinders film in the future. Could the upcoming movie see Finn return to seek revenge? After watching the dramatic finale, some fans are wondering what happened to Gina Gray (Anya Taylor-Joy) and Jack Nelson (James Frecheville). Gina and Jack managed to survive the dramatic finale, but someone who wasn't so lucky was Gina's husband Michael Gray (Finn Cole). At the beginning of the episode Michael got out of prison ready for revenge, but he was soon outsmarted by Tommy. Tommy killed Michael by shooting him in the head as he was always one step ahead of Michael. Now Gina and Jack will likely be looking to get back at the Peaky Blinders leader. Will the duo return in the future film as they plan to murder Tommy? DON'T MISS...Stephen Mangan wife: Who is The Split star married to? [INSIGHT]June Brown's final appearance in EastEnders before death [UPDATE]GB News star Stephen Dixon takes swipe at Sky News in ratings war [MUST SEE] The final plot twist saw Tommy uncover the truth about his health as he discovered Dr Holford (Aneurin Barnard) had been lying to him. Tommy was led to believe he had a death sentence as he was told he had a tuberculoma. However, it turned out Holford had lied and manipulated the gang leader. The episode ended with Tommy's wagon being set alight after he parked it on Dr Holford's land. But some viewers are questioning whether or not the gangster knew he was on the doctor's land before discovering the truth about his web of lies. Johnny Dogs (Packy Lee) saved the day in the finale when Michael attempted to kill Tommy. He cleverly played bomb switch-a-roo with the Boston mobsters. As a result, Tommy was able to finish Michael off himself in a tense showdown. However, some viewers were left puzzled as to how Johnny knew to switch over the bombs in the first place. Tommy had ordered Johnny to swap the bombs, but did he gain some insider knowledge behind closed doors? Peaky Blinders is available to stream on BBC iPlayer.