The historic market town in the South Lakes, Cumbria is located just 13 miles away from Kendal. The town was mentioned on the prestigious Sunday Times' Best Places To Live 2022 list which named the winners in each region and the 70 winners across the nation. Kirkby Lonsdale was praised for its stunning views, local brews and overall cleanliness. Thriving local businesses and community spirit were also mentioned, according to Lancashire Live. The small town was described as having “it all”. The Sunday Times said: “Everywhere needs its superheroes, and here the heroes have binbags and brooms instead of capes. “Is there a town in the land with cleaner streets than Kirkby Lonsdale? READ MORE: Appliances to switch off before going on holiday - unplug toasters “Even when the bins are overflowing after a summer evening of picnics and swimming under the Devil’s Bridge, you can be sure that all will be spick and span by the next morning.” Kirkby Lonsdale is lucky enough to have the Lakes on one side, the Dales on the other and the Forest of Bowland in the south. The Medieval market town has a community cupboard at the rugby club which was set up to help food poverty. There’s also a community hub phone line which has been helping people since the beginning of the pandemic. DON'T MISSKill weeds on driveways and paths with boiling water [INSIGHT]Garden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay [UPDATE]Homes Under the Hammer: Couple spend £17k to boost bungalow value [ANALYSIS] Some of the local businesses that were mentioned included Lunesdale Bakery and the multi-award-winning butcher, Dales. The Kirkby Lonsdale Brewery was also a highlight where residents and visitors can taste 20 ales, enjoy a coffee, pancakes for lunch and pizza in the evenings. Norwich Crystal Palace Uppingham, Rutland Slaithwaite, West Yorkshire Ballycastle, Co Antrim Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Trawden, Lancashire Isle of Bute, Argyll Sevenoaks, Kent Chalke Valley, Wiltshire Llandeilo, Carmarthenshire Woodbridge, Suffolk West Kirby, Merseyside Wellow, Somerset Victoria Park Usk, Monmouthshire Uppingham, Rutland Tynemouth, Tyne and Wear Trawden, Lancashire Test Valley, Hampshire Teddington Stroud, Gloucestershire St Ives, Cambridgeshire St Dogmaels, Pembrokeshire St Albans, Hertfordshire Slaithwaite, West Yorkshire Shipston-on-Stour, Warwickshire Sherborne, Dorset Sevenoaks, Kent Saffron Walden, Essex Ruthin, Denbighshire Reading, Berkshire Prestwich, Greater Manchester Penarth, Vale of Glamorgan Olney, Buckinghamshire Norwich North Berwick, East Lothian New Malden Morpeth, Northumberland Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire Melrose, Borders Londonderry Llandeilo, Carmarthenshire Lincoln Cliff villages, Lincolnshire  Leigh-on-Sea, Essex Leeds city centre Kirkby Lonsdale, Cumbria King’s Cross Isle of Bute, Argyll Ilkley, West Yorkshire Hovingham, North Yorkshire Helen's Bay, Co Down Hathersage, Derbyshire Harrogate, North Yorkshire Hanwell Great Massingham, Norfolk Great Ayton, North Yorkshire Glasgow: Shawlands Farnham, Surrey Englefield Green, Surrey Ellesmere, Shropshire Dunblane, Stirling Deal, Kent Dartmoor, Devon Culross, Fife Crystal Palace, London Cookham, Berkshire Conwy, Gwynedd Christleton, Cheshire Charlton Kings, Gloucestershire Chalke Valley, Wiltshire Cawthorne, South Yorkshire Budleigh Salterton, Devon Bristol Brighton Bridport, Dorset Braemar, Aberdeenshire Boxford, Suffolk Birmingham Ballycastle, Co Antrim Altrincham, Greater Manchester