Despite inflation climbing to a new high, new research unveiled by Airtasker has found that one in five Britons still plan on moving home this year. Airtasker, a local services marketplace that connects people who need work done with skilled experts, has teamed up with property guru Phil Spencer to share top tips on how to prepare when moving home. Airtasker’s 2022 Move Right Report identified budgeting as the most difficult part of moving, with over half of respondents (56 percent) having exceeded their budget by up to £1,000. Of those who moved in the last year, homeowners overspent by £414 on average. This is a huge £1.36billion which has been overspent on moving costs nationally. With moving home already expensive, and house prices on the rise, renovating may be the last thing on a new homeowner’s mind. READ MORE: Laundry: How to properly remove ‘yellow’ stains from pillows However, refreshing the home can be done on a budget and according to Phil, a lick of paint and new carpets can make a huge difference. Phil explained: “It’s not expensive to do new carpets and paint. “That really freshens the place up, it really does make a significant difference, a fresh coat of paint or even clean carpets. “If you’re buying a place, you would anticipate the person you’re buying from has done a real good job at presenting it because they’re selling it to you and you’ve fallen in love with it.” DON'T MISS:Monty Don shares how to sow peas properly for sweet crop in summer [VIDEO]Use £2 toothache remedy to get rid of ants in homes quickly [EXPERT]Lawn: ‘Now is the perfect time’ to ‘revive’ damaged grass - how to [EXPLAINER] The expert said homeowners have to be a bit “canny”, “thoughtful”, “cautious” and “strategic” when it comes to renovation. Phil added: “You don’t need to do it all at once. “Let's hope it does look spic and span when you move in but I’m always advising people to look for opportunities. “Actually something that doesn’t look spic or span that lots of other people have viewed and not liked because it looked knackered is actually an opportunity for you to come in and see the bare bones of the property.” According to FlooringMegaStore, there are carpets on the market for as little as £5 per square metre. When it comes to fitting carpet, a staircase would cost around £75 on average. The expert also shared top tips for those moving home, including writing a checklist to help run things smoothly. He said: “Write yourself a moving checklist and do it early so you can map out your to-do list and timeline for what’s involved with your move. I’d recommend writing your checklist as soon as you’ve decided you’d like to move or at three months before you move. “Think methodically when you write your checklist and don’t forget to include any small tasks as these often go a long way to help things run smoothly. I’d always recommend decluttering your space, getting rid of any unwanted items one month before your move so you’re not packing any unnecessary items on moving day. “Notifying your suppliers and redirecting mail is another one to add to the checklist, and I’d recommend doing this one month before your move date. Notify your bank, utility providers and insurance company of your new address to ensure your mail doesn’t go missing.” The property expert also recommended ordering packing boxes in a variety of sizes to help make the process easier. He said: “My number one packing tip is to order your packing boxes in a range of different sizes, and if in doubt, order more boxes that you think you’ll need as you can always reuse them. Don’t forget to also buy packing tape and any proactive wrap for delicate items. “Start packing in the least-used room, and make sure you label your boxes as you go (you can even take photos of the inside of boxes to help you find your contents quicker). Save time by leaving clothes on hangers and make sure you protect lids of liquids to avoid any spillage in transit. “Keep daily essentials at the top of your boxes for easy access later, things like your phone charger or toothbrush.”