Ukraine has been described as a breadbasket for European and Middle Eastern nations, and alongside Russia is responsible for much of the world’s supply of grains and sunflower oil. According to figures released by the Ministry of Agrarian Policy today (Friday), Ukrainian producers have so far managed to plant just 1.7 percent of the expected area for sunflower seeds, which are used to make sunflower oil. Agricultural experts predict that Ukraine will have the lowest production of grains and oilseeds in over a decade this year. As well as causing widespread destruction and countless deaths, the invasion of Ukraine has disrupted industry and the supply of goods. A significantly reduced supply of key exports anticipated from Ukraine this year may lead to shortages and place further pressure on global prices. According to the latest agricultural figures, Ukrainian farmers were only able to plant just over a million hectares while fighting continues across vast swathes of the country. READ MORE: Turkey facing inflation hell as ‘bread basket’ Ukraine cut off This accounted for only 6.3 percent of the total crops the country had expected to produce for the season. Of that number, 1.4 percent of the spring grains had been planted – posing concerns for the international supply of grains later in the year. Farmers were able to plant nearly 60 percent of the country’s wheat for the season, and around 41 percent and 45 percent of its barley and oats respectively. However, it had only planted 0.2 percent of the land allotted for corn, and 1.7 percent for sunflower seeds. Ukraine has already placed limits on the amount of sunflower oil it exports this year, in order to protect domestic supply. At the end of March, the Ukrainian agriculture agency APK said the “most optimistic scenario” would be that the country would be able to export 400,000 tonnes until the end of the season in September. This means that for the year, including from last September, Ukraine would only be able to supply 3.5million tonnes, having already supplied 3.1million tonnes. APK added: “Ukraine will not be able to resume export through seaports in the nearest time even in case of prompt completion of the military activity. DON'T MISS Meghan cuts final ties to UK as Duchess opens up in loving statement [REPORT] UK's plan to move Trident abroad if Scotland becomes independent [INSIGHT] 'Take them all f***ing out!' Leaked audio of Putin's 'war crimes' [REVEAL] Infrastructure of some ports is damaged and the waters of the Black Sea are mined.” Due to the impact on planting and transporting crops caused by the war, APK predicted at the start of April that Ukrainian agricultural exports will be the lowest in 10-15 years – and 51 percent less than the previous season. It estimated that the planting of spring grains would be down 39 percent, with hostilities endangering farmers’ work in nine oblasts including Kyiv, Kharkiv and Mykolaiv. The total area given to oilseeds is expected to be the lowest since 2010, including areas that were already planted in the winter. As of its update today, APK reported that all oblasts except Luhansk – which has been subject to separatist infighting since 2014 – had begun their spring campaigns. In 2020, Ukrainian seed oils accounted for the largest proportion of imports from any other country – amounting to just under 30 percent of the nation’s imports for the year. The majority of Ukraine’s grains are bought by countries including Egypt, Pakistan and Turkey.