Former Manchester United goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar has given Erik ten Hag his best wishes after his move from Ajax to Old Trafford was confirmed on Thursday morning. United have suffered arguably their worst season in their Premier League history under Ralf Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer despite signing Cristiano Ronaldo, Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane in the summer. The Red Devils currently lie sixth in the table, three points behind Arsenal and Tottenham having played a game more. With Rangnick set to move into a technical director role at the end of the season upon the expiration of his interim manager contract in June, Ten Hag has been appointed as the man to take the club from its current rut to former glories. He was announced as boss on Thursday morning, with the Dutchman signing a three-year contract with the option for an extra year. And his departure from Ajax has been blessed by former United star Van der Sar, with the ex-goalkeeper heralding Ten Hag for his exploits as Ajax boss. JUST IN: Man Utd players 'informed' of Erik ten Hag appointment with announcement plan in place  "Four and a half years is a good amount of time, but we would have liked to have kept Erik at Ajax for longer," Van der Sar said. "He is going to make the step to one of the biggest clubs in the world, in a fantastic league." "We owe Erik a lot of thanks for what he has achieved with Ajax so far, but we are not done yet. At the end of the season, I will look back more extensively on his departure. For now, what matters is the final games of the season in which we all want to bring home the league title." Ten Hag joins at the end of the season, and is likely to be without Champions League football unless the current situation changes. But he appears to know the challenge that faces him, acknowledging the size of the club and what the fans expect him to do. DON'T MISS...Chris Sutton slams Jesse Lingard's clothing choice vs LiverpoolMan Utd icon Paul Scholes tells club to finish 8th in 'saddened' rantMan Utd icon Gary Neville admits he was 'unprofessional' on Sky Sports  “It is a great honour to be appointed manager of Manchester United and I am hugely excited by the challenge ahead," Ten Hag told the club's official website. "I know the history of this great club and the passion of the fans, and I am absolutely determined to develop a team capable of delivering the success they deserve. “It will be difficult to leave Ajax after these incredible years, and I can assure our fans of my complete commitment and focus on bringing this season to a successful conclusion before I move to Manchester United.”