Some plants may need transplanting to help them rebloom. Monty Don explained in tonight’s Gardeners’ World episode that he was translating his geraniums because he was reconfiguring his “hard garden”. Available in several varieties, all can add gorgeous colours into the flowerbeds. Monty explained: “I’ve been round the garden collecting hardy geraniums, which are brilliant for giving low level foliage and colour. “Now, I have to confess, that I can’t remember what variety these are, they come from various places around the globe. “These are plants, some of them which we’ve had for decades. “The beauty of hardy geraniums, of all kinds, is that they are tough, they’re tough and pretty. “Being tough and pretty in a plant is a great virtue. READ MORE: How to clean a shower cubicle - five things you should always do “They will grow in any kind of shape. “Now is a really good time to lift and divide hardy geraniums and they’re very easy to do, they’re a shallow rooted plant and you can break them right down or you can bring up a big clump and I’ve got one here. “So, I’m just going to gently tease that out, it has a strong basic stem and roots coming off it.” Moving it to another area of his flowerbed, Monty said it would transplant “perfectly well”. DON'T MISS:How to get rid of ‘pesky’ slugs and snails - ‘they will struggle’ [COMMENT]Weeds: 'Very effective' way to get rid of weeds - 'kills everything' [EXPERT]Energy: Use a hob to cook and wash clothing at a cooler temperature [EXPLAINER] Gardeners can also create lots of new plants from the geraniums by taking cuttings. This also works with a huge variety of other plants, including houseplants. He said: “If you want to create lots of new plants from hardy geraniums, buy the biggest you can afford, break it up into smaller plants, pot up each piece. “In about two or three months’ time you can plant them out as individual plants and in a year or two you will be breaking up those clumps that they have created. “I am now going to take this, tease it out of the ground and transplant it. “I want to put this clump in the corner…planting them is really easy because they’re so shallow, so I just need to scoop a little bit. “I will water that in and at this time of year, if you move anything, give it a soak. “That will now be fine, I don’t need to keep watering.” Gardeners’ World said geraniums thrive in moist but well-drained soil in full sun. They said: “Cut back in late summer and take cuttings to insure against winter losses. “Most geraniums need protection in winter, move pots indoors in autumn to ensure they grow back the following year. “Geraniums can be grown in garden soil of any type but will benefit from a neural or alkaline soil. “Grow in a position of full sun in containers, hanging baskets or flower beds. “If growing under glass, protect them from direct sun in high summer.”