ON EASTER Sunday, French President Emmanuel Macron should pray next week is uneventful. If it is, he will be reelected. Marine Le Pen should pray for someone or something to disrupt the political week. If that happens, she probably wins the election.  Our Democracy Institute/Sunday Express poll finds the race for the Élysée Palace to be Macron’s to lose. But the contest remains close. The gap between the candidates is small and well within our poll’s margin of error.  The number of voters still undecided between Macron and Le Pen is quite high. When those undecided voters finally make up their minds, their decisions could turn a narrow Macron win into a comfortable triumph; or, they could move in Le Pen’s direction to give the right-wing populist an upset victory. Entering the final week of campaigning, neither candidate can take anything for granted. How did the presidential race fail to produce an obvious winner? Although France moved to the Right, especially on immigration, during the past decade, Macron began the campaign as a heavy favourite to secure a second term. With nationalist journalist Éric Zemmour splitting Le Pen’s right-wing populist vote, and Jean-Luc Mélenchon, the French version of Jeremy Corbyn, dominating the populist Left, the nation’s ideological passions appeared divided and easily conquerable. Adding to Macron’s enviable position was the continuing crisis afflicting France traditional governing parties, the Socialists and the centre-right Républicains party. Neither the Socialists’ Anne Hidalgo nor the Républicains’ Valérie Pécresse caught fire as presidential candidates. They collectively secured less than seven percent of the total first-round vote. Macron’s technocratic, uninspiring centrism seemed destined to float above and beyond the fiery rhetoric, the grand (at times, even crude) policy gestures, and niche marketing employed by Le Pen, Zemmour, and Mélenchon, respectively. Yet, many French voters are turned-off by Macron, as they were by the other candidates who competed in last week’s first round. A turned-off voter is not someone who necessarily turns out to vote.  Two-thirds of those who abstained or left their ballots blank in the first round will do the same in the second round. We project turnout to be markedly lower than the 75 percent of registered voters that participated in 2017’s presidential second round, the lowest turnout since 1969. Most recently, the Ukraine crisis has not played out the way Macron hoped it would. With his opponents fighting among themselves, for many weeks the president remained above the partisan fray, barely campaigning at all. Instead, he invested his political time in the role of diplomat-statesman, seeking to rally support for Ukraine and partner Joe Biden in accumulating allies to enact economic sanctions against Russia. Although our poll finds French voters divided on whether Macron really is a statesman, a large minority of voters do credit him with raising France’s status on the global stage where, they believe, she is now seen on a more equal footing with the U.S. and the U.K. But, those very same economic sanctions are not playing well with French voters. Voters tell us the sanctions are hurting France more than Russia. Given the ruble’s resilience to-date and the sanctions’ unrealised devastation of the Russian economy – and with the cost of living, especially energy prices, trending in a seriously wrong direction – it is not surprising that so many voters feel this way. Le Pen gained traction by stating that, as president, she will support only those sanctions that do not hurt the French people. Conventional wisdom holds that Le Pen should avoid anything and everything related to Ukraine and Russia because of her past favourable comments about Vladimir Putin, her longstanding desire for closer relations between France and Russia, and her preference that France place herself “equidistance” between the U.S. and Russia. Macron is attempting to make hay out of Le Pen’s apparent vulnerabilities vis-à-vis Russia. Yet, when we asked voters if they thought she was too pro-Putin, a narrow plurality said she was not.  Such an answer, in concert with widespread cynicism over the sanctions’ actual (as opposed to their predicted) effects, reflects the growing disparity between the views of the French establishment and the ordinary French voter. Akin to their American peers, the French establishment is fixated upon Putin’s removal from power, believes a halt to Russian expansionism hinges upon a successful Western stand in Ukraine, and asserts draconian sanctions to be the silver bullet to devastate the Russian economy, thereby giving the Kremlin little choice but to end its invasion. Only one in every two voters, at the very most, buys the establishment’s Ukraine-related arguments. Other voters, despite their opposition to the Russian invasion, simply do not see Ukraine as a very important issue. They also question Ukraine’s suitability to stage a proxy war between Russia and NATO. Our poll’s findings that a plurality of voters think France should leave NATO, and that they perceive both terrorism and China to be more threatening than Russia, underpin the public’s reluctance to award Macron bonus points for his foreign policy performance. That is especially true given voters’ preoccupation with bread-and-butter economic issues, particularly inflation and the cost of living. In 2017, Macron turned a comfortable second-round victory over Le Pen into an electoral route once he bested her on economic policy during their candidates’ debate. Five years ago, Macron was the pro-change candidate and his televised mastery of policy detail, in concert with his seemingly non-ideological, moderate prescriptions for French economic ills, ended Le Pen’s slim hopes. Ironically, perhaps, it is Macron’s stewardship of the economy that yet could see Le Pen victorious. Macron is seen by many as “the president of the rich,” and most say his economic reforms favour the affluent to the neglect of those on modest incomes.  Hence, Le Pen’s healthy leads on issues such as inflation, jobs, and the economy. If most voters prioritise these issues when casting their ballots, Macron will be lucky to eke out a victory. In a different political climate, Macron could have coasted home upon the support of those who care most about health care, climate change, education, and, of course, Ukraine. Unfortunately for Macron, only health policy matters a great deal to a good number of voters. Instead, a Macron victory will mirror Biden’s 2020 election over Donald Trump in one crucial aspect. It will be more about his opponent’s perceived failings than his own qualities as a candidate and officeholder. Just as most Biden voters cast a negative ballot – their vote was more against Trump than for Biden, himself – our poll finds that more Macron voters will be voting against Le Pen’s “far right” image than for Macron. And, there are certainly enough anti-Le Pen voters across France to hand Macron a second term. He may be the latest beneficiary of the cordon sanitaire, the convention that those on the moderate Left and the moderate Right vote for whichever mainstream candidate prevents the far-right candidate from winning. Conversely, the vast majority of Le Pen voters will be casting a positive ballot, one that is cast in support of Le Pen rather than cast against Macron. This is reflected in Le Pen’s 11-point “enthusiasm gap” over Macron. Her voters are much more enthusiastic about their candidate than the president’s voters are about him. Macron is nevertheless doubling down in his appeal to those voters already enthusiastic about his candidacy. This is epitomised by his pro-EU strategy that casts the Eurosceptic Le Pen as the “Frexit” candidate and declares the choice between the candidates as “a referendum on Europe.” Such rhetoric is music to the ears of the affluent, urban, well-educated, and older pro-EU voters most drawn to Macron.  In striking contrast, Le Pen’s most reliable voters are found in rural, small town, and post-industrial areas. These areas are disproportionately home to less well-educated voters in their thirties, forties, and fifties earning low-to-moderate incomes and holding Eurosceptic, anti-government, and anti-immigration views. Today, they are largely opposed to intervention in Ukraine. Most French voters are not anti-EU, but they are ambivalent about the benefits it provides their country. They do not consider the EU a high-priority issue, which makes Macron’s approach curious given that the most influential element in the run-off election will be the more than one-in-five voters who chose the Eurosceptic Mélenchon in the first round. How these particular populists divide their votes in the run-off, and how many abstain, will decide the outcome. Macron is correct that the fault line in French politics is no longer between Left and Right. Now, it is between progressivism and populism. The danger for Macron is that in the first round, populist candidates of all stripes totalled 58 percent of the vote, while progressive candidates received only 42 percent. Mélenchon voters dislike Macron on economic issues. They dislike Le Pen on immigration and cultural issues. Mélenchon’s voters skew younger, which is an opening for Le Pen, and most share her Euroscepticism. Despite these voters’ staunchly Leftist bent, they echo many Le Pen voters’ concerns about the political establishment, the ruling class, economic disparity and division, and undemocratic governance. In practice, these anti-system themes and sentiments transfer rather easily between left-wing and right-wing populism. This dynamic makes sense when one recalls French politics resembles a horseshoe with comparatively little distance between the radical Left and the radical Right. Working-class voters often switch back-and-forth between the two extremes.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea For Le Pen to secure a winning slice of Mélenchon’s vote, she must demonstrate that she is not a typical politician. Hence, Le Pen’s call for a “referendum revolution.” If successful, her pro-direct democracy campaign would see more issues decided by the people in a referendum rather than by politicians in parliament. Although Le Pen is best known for her anti-immigration positions, she is also pro-welfare state and in favour of high government spending. She opposes income tax for those under 30, supports a rise in the minimum pension and retirement at 60 for those on lower incomes. These economic positions poll well with left-wing voters. Le Pen’s appeal across the populist divide is bearing some fruit. We find that Macron’s lead among Mélenchon voters is only two points. It is a potentially decisive edge, yet a far from comfortable one considering that one in seven Mélenchon voters remains undecided. For Le Pen to upset Macron next weekend will require at least one, and possibly each, of the following disruptions to occur:  First, she betters him during the 20 April TV debate that may decide the election. If she does very well in the eyes of anti-Macron viewers, some of those planning to abstain will decide to vote for Le Pen, instead. Second, pollsters continue to underestimate the populist vote. A few years ago, it was Brexit and Trump. A fortnight ago, it was Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban’s landslide win and Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic’s overwhelming re-election. A week ago, it was Mélenchon’s first round vote tally that nearly earned him a run-off spot. Third, tangible evidence of a “Shy Le Pen” vote among Leftists. For some time, a segment of Mélenchon supporters, along with other far left voters, have been reluctant to tell a pollster they are voting for the (socially unacceptable) far right candidate. If such voters do exist, their presence will be felt especially, and crucially, in Mélenchon’s urban strongholds of Paris and Marseille. A candidate would rather be in Macron’s shoes today than Le Pen’s. A cautionary note, however, is that a slight uptick in her support, which is possible from several sources, will jeopardise Macron’s hold on the presidency. 