Weeds can pop up at any time on your lawn, but as the warmer weather approaches, the grassy parts of your garden in particular can fall victim. For gardeners who prefer to avoid pesticides, there are numerous ways you can make your own weedkiller - but not all of these are suitable for garden lawns. One common method often used to treat weeds that have appeared on driveways and paving uses a combination of vinegar, salt and dish soap. However, there are some key drawbacks to using such a solution on your lawn or other areas where you want plants to grow. In a Reddit forum dedicated to gardening advice, user Aazav warned: "Salt will ruin the soil so that nothing grows. Just be careful with what you decide to use." Experts are in agreement, with GoodGrow.uk stating that although "salt is one of the safest and most natural herbicides you can use" it is "non-selective" and therefore will "kill grass, moss and other small weeds". READ MORE: How to save spring bulbs after flowering - 4 easy steps to follow Applying salt directly to weeds will kill them due to sodium chloride toxicity. Salt works to kill weeds by dehydrating the plants and disrupting the internal water balance of the plant's cells. According to experts from The Spruce: "Since salt is water-soluble, it is most effectively applied when mixed with water as this makes it easier for the weeds to absorb." You can apply rock salt or a highly concentrated salt solution, such as with vinegar, to get rid of weeds in about 10 days. DON'T MISSIs it cheaper to hand wash or use a dishwasher? [EXPLAINER]Weeds: Use baking soda to quickly get rid of ‘stubborn’ patio weeds [COMMENT]What to do with your daffodils once they've finished flowering [INSIGHT] However, you should be very careful to only apply salt to the weed specifically if you are using this method in areas where grass or other plants reside. Regardless of whether you are using a homemade weedkiller or a chemical solution, this is a rule that should be followed. You should also make sure not to over-submerge the weed as the solution can compromise the surrounding soil. One alternative homemade method, recommended by experts at Hunker.com, is to create a weedkiller from liquid dish detergent. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea They explain: "Stir together 10 parts water and one part liquid dish detergent in a clean spray bottle. Soak the weeds with this mixture and it will kill them. "This method works best during the hottest part of the day because the liquid dish soap gets sticky on the leaves and stems as the water evaporates, and dries them out." Though this does not herald the same toxicity as a salt solution, gardeners should still be careful to focus mainly on the weed itself.