His Make My Money Matter campaign has found that at least £300billion of UK pension money is invested in companies linked to destroying trees. The Blackadder creator wants to mobilise a "generation of savers" to realise the power of their pensions through a short film released today. Richard, 65, said: "Deforestation is a human problem with real human impacts. That's why we wanted to capture the human reaction when the truth of our pensions is delivered. "Most importantly, though, there is also a human solution - for the industry to take urgent steps to cut deforestation from our pensions. "We hope this film helps show the public exactly what our money could be funding. We want to make sure our money is helping to protect nature not destroy it." The Daily Express Green Britain Needs You crusade calls on everyone to do their bit for the planet. Richard's film aims to expose the links between pensions and deforestation while highlighting the lack of awareness among savers about where their retirement money is being invested. In Britain, £2 in every £10 invested in an average pension is linked to forest loss. At least 30 football pitches worth of trees are axed every minute globally, figures show. Richard added: "We're calling on the pensions industry to cut its investments into deforestation once and for all." COMMENT BY RICHARD CURTIS There is an old saying: “If a tree falls in the woods, and no one hears, does it actually make a sound?” Well, this has now become one of the planet’s most important questions as the catastrophic impacts of the destruction of our forests are felt around the world. Deforestation accounts for about 15 per cent of carbon emissions. Scientists confirmed the Amazon rainforest is now emitting more carbon dioxide than it can actually absorb. Suddenly forests are contributing to climate change. That is why I’m part of Make My Money Matter, which is trying to get our pensions out of enabling deforestation. It’s time for the sound of the trees falling in the forests of the world to be heard.