Ms Murty is an Indian citizen which means, according to UK law, she’s granted non-domicile status and the law in India means citizens cannot hold simultaneous citizenships in another country. As such, Rishi Sunak’s wife has to pay UK tax on UK earnings but isn’t required to pay UK tax on foreign income or gains unless that income is brought to the UK. However, given the cost of living crisis and rise in National Insurance hitting the population, the optics of the revelation has led to heavy criticism of Mr Sunak and Ms Murty and it certainly divided the panel on Jeremy Vine’s Channel 5 talk show. On Thursday, Jeremy brought up Ms Murty’s non-dom status to guests Kevin Maguire and Emily Carver as well as taking calls from viewers at home to hear their thoughts. After caller Raphael phoned in to protest Ms Murty’s status was another case of “one rule for them and another for us”, Jeremy pointed out there was nothing illegal or unlawful about it. “It’s not a good look, that’s the thing, isn’t it?” Jeremy added before turning to Emily: “That’s the issue, it’s not a good look.” “I would agree with that, that the optics are not great, especially at a time when Rishi Sunak is very unpopular,” she replied before Jeremy turned for Kevin’s input. READ MORE: Adil Ray and Kwarteng clash over Sunak's wife's tax affairs Kevin had a much firmer stance as he weighed in: “I think it’s more fundamental than not a good look. “I just think it’s not good,” he continued. “It’s only incredibly wealthy people who can exploit these loopholes -“ “So our chancellor can’t marry a foreign-born woman who has holdings in another country?” Emily cut in to argue. “You can marry who you like,” Kevin defended but Emily wasn’t done there. Cutting Kevin off again, she interjected: “Well, you seem to have a problem with someone marrying up.” Jeremy let out a chuckle before Kevin continued to put forward his argument: “Right, and there is a question of the lifestyle of a chancellor and how he can relate to the people when he has such a fabulous lifestyle himself. “But the point is if you live in this country, you should pay tax on all your income in this country. “You shouldn’t say, ‘I’ve got this money elsewhere so I’m going to pay a modest fee and avoid tax in the UK’.” DON'T MISS:BBC reporter has Kwarteng on the spot in Rishi Sunak wife probeEamonn Holmes was detained under terrorism act in misunderstandingEamonn Holmes hits out at GB News host over elderly treatment Kevin concluded his argument by insisting: “If it’s legal, it should be made illegal.” However, both Jeremy and Emily went on to point out that this could Ms Murty would be paying “double tax” on her earnings in both India and the UK. Seemingly exposing a flaw in Kevin’s argument, Jeremy pointed out: “That’s taking money from India!” While the topic certainly divided the panel, it also caused a split among Channel 5 viewers at home. Taking to Twitter to react to the discussion, Charlotte Lewis argued: “#JeremyVine Mrs Sunak's tax status may be legal but it is not moral given that she is the wife of the man in charge of setting tax rates for regular people. #akshatamurthy.” While Eliza Tassiker defended the law: “Mrs Sunak is paying tax on her world wide income either in UK or India as appropriate. Even if you taxed it 100% in the UK under the tax treaty she gets credit against her UK tax for that enforceably paid in India. #JeremyVine.” However, Sue Jones furiously weighed in: “Absolutely a disgrace to this country. He needs to #RESIGN shame on you @RishiSunak YOU HAVEN'T GOT A CLUE #jeremyvine @JeremyVineOn5.” And Dave Hodgson took aim at the coverage as a whole: “#JeremyVine had a go at Rishi Sunak yesterday ‘too rich to be chancellor’ Didn’t really get anywhere so today having a go at his wife! What tomorrow? His mams mate who she goes to bingo with ? #BackBoris.” (sic) Jeremy Vine airs weekdays at 9:15am on Channel 5.