Special Agent Devin Roundtree (played by Caleb Castille) and his sister Jordyn (Ava McCoy) were harassed by police in a clear case of racial profiling in the new episode of NCIS: Los Angeles, Perception. Fellow agent Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) rushed to their aid, but not before Jordyn was forced to question her entire future in another hard-hitting edition of the CBS spin-off. NCIS fans have shared their emotional reactions to Devin’s harrowing ordeal in the latest episode of the LA-based spin-off. The series has been known for tackling America’s most topical issues throughout its history, and viewers were impressed with its latest attempt to examine systemic racism. Arthur W Cathey Jr tweeted: “This was a powerful episode, it made me mad and sad all at the same time. “It made me mad because I’m black. It made me sad because it’s reality.” READ MORE: What happened to the real Ann Walker? Catherine Rutkoskie said: “This really got to me, I cried like a baby.” And Annette wrote: “This is why I [love heart] this show!! Keeping it REAL.” After supposedly being mistaken for a burglary suspect, despite having no description, Devin was detained and pepper-sprayed by LAPD officers while his sister Jordyn was held against her will. In a heartbreaking sequence after their brutal encounter, Jordyn admits she’s worried about getting into college if she’s given a criminal record. “That means no scholarship, no bar,” she told her brother while they sat in handcuffs. “Everything’s just ruined literally because of what we look like and what kind of backwards world we’re living in.” Meanwhile, Roundtree's superior Sam was enraged by the LAPD’s actions and had to take out his anger on a punching bag. Sam has had to protect his children from the same racism their whole lives and was understandably furious when a federal agent and their sister were threatened by police violence. DON'T MISS:Reacher star Alan Ritchson on differences to original Tom Cruise film [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Gene to free Kim from prison [SPOILERS]Doctor Who’s Alex Kingston on friendship with co-star [INTERVIEW] Once the episode came to an end, fans were also impressed with how respectfully the team resolved the issue, as opposed to their usual guns-blazing approach. “Great show. I liked the realism,” Nicholas Rallo said. “Investigation leads to bad guy, bad guy apprehended. No explosions, no army of men to shoot out with.” While another fan reached out to Caleb himself to thank him for highlighting one of today’s most important issues in Devin’s spotlight episode. @DelucaBishopBam tweeted: “@NCISLA @CalebCastille what a powerful episode. What a role model and a legend!” “As a black person myself you and this all inspire me. #NCISLA Thank you for highlighting this issue. “After watching this episode I take it personally speaking as a black person with experience with this kind of issue. “I love @NCISLA but thank you again now for highlighting and talking about racism and police brutality. @CalebCastille wish you nothing but love.” The task force’s fight against racism is sadly far from over, but the agents will be taking on another brand new cast when NCIS: LA returns with a new episode at the end of the week. NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.