Pavement parking laws are currently being considered to be enacted in the coming weeks as part of a scheme to make roads and pavements safer for all. The system is currently under review by the Department of Transport following a consultation into people’s views on the issue. It is said that the department is “actively considering” a ban in England. Currently, pavement parking is only banned in London, but not in the rest of England and Wales. Drivers face a hefty £70 fine for parking on a pavement in London, although discounts can be issued if they are paid within 14 days. A similar charge would be levied onto drivers across the rest of England, if the pavement parking rules are adopted. READ MORE: New car tax changes today will leave drivers in 'sticky situations' Pavement parking laws could change to maximise safety on journeys of disabled and visually impaired people. This law change is in response to large concerns being raised in local communities on pavement parking and how it raises the risk of injury for those walking on pavements. Rule 244 of the Highway Code states: “You must not park partially or wholly on the pavement in London, and should not do so elsewhere unless signs permit it.” If drivers park on the pavement outside their homes, and they are determined to be causing an obstruction, they could face £70 fines. DON'T MISSDrivers brand EV owners 'plain stupid' for not having home charger [SHOCKING]Petrol price checker: How to check the cheapest fuel near you [INSIGHT]Drivers call on electric car owners to pay car tax - 'very simple' [COMMENT] A spokesperson for LeaseCar.uk said: “At the moment, there is a significant grey area when it comes to parking on pavements. “Although people are advised to keep the pavements clear for pedestrians, there are many places in the UK where roads are so narrow that you have no other option but to park your car on the pavement. “Until new laws come into force, we have some guidance for the drivers who want to prevent being penalised for illegal parking.” It is believed that parking on grass verges and ramps linking private property to roads will also be prohibited. Mark Tongue, Director of Select Car Leasing, said: “The guidelines are currently quite confusing for motorists. “A pavement parking ban is 100 percent needed nationwide – anything that puts pedestrians at an increased risk requires action. “However, the information given so far is slightly confusing for drivers. “At the moment, there’s no clear guidelines for those who park on the pavement due to having no room on their own drive. “Most households have more than one car, so it will be interesting to see where motorists are expected to park if not on the pavement outside their homes. “Clear guidance is required for drivers so they know the correct location to park in order to avoid a fine.” When parking on the pavement is permitted, then it will be clearly shown on a blue and white sign with a graphic of a car on the pavement, either fully or partially. If a driver sees this sign, it means they are safe to park on the pavement in that particular area. According to Manchester Evening News, they need to make sure they position their car in the way that is shown on the sign.