Cristiano Ronaldo will aim to keep up his red-hot scoring form by breaching Anfield defences in a Manchester United shirt for the first time in his career tonight. The striker, who struck his second hat-trick of the campaign against Norwich on Saturday, has made five fruitless trips to Anfield with United before this evening. The last of those came in December 2007 when Carlos Tevez scored the only goal of the game on Merseyside. His one goal at the home of United’s greatest rivals came in a Champions League group game in October 2014 during his time at Real Madrid. He scored a wonderful opener in a 3-0 blitz of the Reds, then managed by Brendan Rodgers. Ronaldo was part of the United side humbled by Liverpool at Old Trafford in October – a result that hastened previous manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer through the exit door. He had a goal ruled out for offside on that day. The other two of his three total goals against Liverpool in 13 appearances for all clubs have come at Old Trafford. And he will be desperate to end his barren Anfield run for United. Ronaldo is United’s leading scorer this season with 21 goals and could not be in better form with two hat-tricks – against Tottenham and Norwich – in his last two Premier League games, though both came at home. The Portugal attacker does at least have a happy record in the Premier League at Anfield, winning in January 2004, March 2007 and December 2007. He has never tasted defeat in a United shirt there in the English top flight. He was also involved in a 0-0 draw in September 2005. Liverpool's only league win at Anfield against the Red Devils with Ronaldo at Old Trafford came in September 2008, when the now 37-year-old was absent after surgery on an ankle injury. They did defeat Ronaldo and United in the FA Cup in 2006 en route to winning the competition, and will be eager for another victory given they can move top of the table - at least temporarily. A draw would also move them top but title rivals Manchester City are widely fancied to beat Brighton at the Etihad on Wednesday night, and they would then move three points clear with six games to go if Liverpool could only draw. United meanwhile know victory at the home of their arch-rivals would move them level on points with fourth-placed Spurs albeit having played one match more.