Inflation is expected to climb to more than 11 percent this year, with wages remaining largely stagnant as companies try desperately to claw back losses from the pandemic. We feel particular concern at the plight of hard-pressed pensioners, for whom the last two years have been especially cruel. Cut off from seeing friends and family, their lives have been made worse by the horror of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and its devastating knock-on effects: gas bills rising by up to 28 percent, electricity bills increasing by 19 percent year on year. All this and the sobering realisation that the state pension has risen by a meagre 3.1 percent. Boris Johnson and his Cabinet colleagues face a monumental task in the coming months if pensioners are to avoid what Age UK is calling a “year of hell”. It is right that governments should be judged on how they care for their most vulnerable citizens – and we urge the Prime Minister to meet that challenge. He was given a thumping majority at the General Election. This is the time to repay the trust of the British people.  --------------- We really are in trouble now. Google, whose influence on our lives is already scary, wants to tick us off for using what it claims could be construed as non-inclusive language. Type the word “landlord” and you’ll be advised that “property owner” or “proprietor” might be more acceptable. “Policeman”? Make that “police officer”. Even more absurd, “housewife” could be seen as offensive to some people, so try “stay-at-home-spouse” instead. We hope all sensible people will ignore these facile prompts and trust their own judgment. This is not just a freedom of speech issue. This is a world gone mad, a tyranny of sorts. Many of us were brought up to mind our Ps and Qs, which referred to good manners and being on our best behaviour. Google’s directive is an insidious assault on the English language. --------------- Here’s still some time to go before the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, but there is already no shortage of wheezes dreamed up by marketing executives desperate to cash in. And who can blame them? From next week, you can pick up bottles of limited edition “HM Sauce” and “Heinz Salad Queen”. It won’t be long, surely, until McDonalds comes up with a Platinum Jubilee Burger – and charges royally for it.