Alexander Bublik has defended Nick Kyrgios amid the ATP's crackdown on unsportsmanlike behaviour. The tour recently announced they would be tightening the rules on outbursts after some frequent and high-profile incidents in the first three months of the season. Kyrgios was fined £46,000 in the space of one week for two incidents in Indian Wells and Miami but Bublik said the new restrictions were tightening "the cage" the ATP had put players in. The ATP Chairman was recently forced to send out a circular to players after "the first three months of the season have seen an unusual frequency of high-profile incidents involving unsportsmanlike conduct." It came after controversial outbursts from Alexander Zverev in Acapulco and Kyrgios during the Sunshine Double. The Aussie was first penalised for narrowly missing a ball boy when he threw his racket in frustration after losing to Rafael Nadal in Indian Wells, and again a week later when he fumed at umpire Carlos Bernardes during his Miami Open last-16 match after the official's walky-talky went off mid-rally. ATP boss Andrea Gaudenzi has since said: "Effective immediately, and as we had into the clay court swing, the ATP officiating team has been directed to take a stricter stance in judging violations of the Code of Conduct. Additionally, we are also undertaking a review of the Code, as well as the disciplinary processes, to ensure that it provides appropriate and up-to-date penalties for repeat offenders." But world No 36 Bublik, who is known for a similar unorthodox style of trick shot-filled play as Kyrgios, has now defended the Aussie and pointed out that it's the 26-year-old's on-court antics that draw fans to the sport, claiming the ATP were putting players "in a cage". "If that’s happened after you know, this whole explosions in the American swing with Nick, I think Nick brings tons of fans," he told Tennis Channel after defeating Stan Wawrinka 3-6 7-5 6-2 in Monte Carlo. JUST IN: Alcaraz tipped to be 'best ever' in Djokovic, Federer and Nadal snub  "I mean, what [are] we here for? What [are] they here for? To watch guys with a suit walking on court? This is sport, it’s supposed to be a bit of emotions and they try to put us in some kind of a cage where we cannot talk," he continued. The Montpellier champion carried on with his argument, claiming that the tougher sanctions would be bad for the sportbut acknowledged there still needed to be some rules in place to prevent any harm to spectators and officials. "I mean for me, I’m a young 24-years-old and I see who brings attendance to the game, who brings fans, who brings fans to doubles. Have you ever seen doubles fans? No. And he brings doubles fans and if they wanna, you know, because sometimes he does something not appropriate for tennis, for these rules or whatever they have and they want to make a cage even tight[er] for us, I don’t think it’s good for the sport," he added. "I think it’s good for when you’re 65, you come with your grandkids and they don’t want to hear bad words but in the reality, in America the stadium was filled. Australia, filled. Indian Wells, everywhere. Houston. So for me I’m not a fan of it. I think we should have more room." DON'T MISSDjokovic 'loses' to Neymar Jr as Serb prepares for Monte Carlo returnNadal's team offer Barcelona hope amid claims Spaniard will miss eventBarty responds to golf rumours as she announces first post-tennis plan  Suggesting which rules should be kept in place and which should be binned, Bublik looked to other sports. "Of course there’s supposed to be some things we have to follow, some rules. You cannot throw the racket to the fans, to the ball kids or something but in the reality it happens," he admitted. "I’ve been to NBA games, I’ve been to all this. Of course we cannot compare because it’s a gentleman’s game, they don’t play in Monte Carlo, it’s a bit different. But still, I think we need people who [are] going to bring attendance. "The people who [are] going to bring people. Of course you cannot do certain things and you need to be punished for it but mostly, come on guys, let us talk. You know, let us talk to somebody. Not look at us every minute when we talk. I think it’s like this." 