The Duke of Edinburgh passed away on April 9 2021, and was laid to rest at St George's Chapel, Windsor on April 17. Most of the Royal Family attended the service, with Prince Harry returning from the US and Prince Andrew making a rare public appearance. However, in an excerpt from Angela Kelly’s updated book “The Other Side of the Coin, The Queen, the Dresser and the Wardrobe”, the aide described how the Queen spent time alone in the hours after her husbands funeral. Ms Kelly described how she waited for Her Majesty in her dressing room until she had returned from the service at St George's Chapel. She said in the excerpt: "I helped her off with her coat and hat and no words were spoken. “The Queen then walked to her sitting room, closed the door behind her, and she was alone with her own thoughts." Ms Kelly, who serves as Her Majesty's Personal Advisor and Curator (The Queen's Jewellery, Insignias and Wardrobe), was a member of ‘HMS Bubble’ and isolated along with the Queen during the Covid pandemic. This meant Ms Kelly was isolated with Her Majesty and Philip, and was close by when the Duke died. In the extract, published by Hello! magazine, Ms Kelly said on the day Philip died: “The feeling among all the Royal staff in the bubble at Windsor Castle was sombre. “Only a few of us were told after the family had been informed." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: ‘Cannot compete!’ Stunning Meghan picture reveals Ms Kelly, who serves as Her Majesty's Personal Advisor and Curator (The Queen's Jewellery, Insignias and Wardrobe), was a member of ‘HMS Bubble’ and isolated along with the Queen during the Covid pandemic. This meant Ms Kelly was isolated with Her Majesty and Philip, and was close by when the Duke died. In the extract, published by Hello! magazine, Ms Kelly said on the day Philip died: “The feeling among all the Royal staff in the bubble at Windsor Castle was sombre. “Only a few of us were told after the family had been informed." On the day of Philip’s funeral, staff were allowed to stand outside the Augusta Tower door opposite St George's Hall at the Castle. Ms Kelly wrote on the day: "The Queen's dressers, pages, chefs, housemaids, footmen and Castle attendants all stood to attention as The Duke of Edinburgh's coffin was carefully placed onto the Land Rover that he had specially designed for the day. "You could see the expression of sadness on everyone's faces to see such a great and well-respected man making his last journey. “Their thoughts, I'm sure, were for The Queen, knowing she had lost a husband and a best friend. The nation shared the grief and their hearts went out to Her Majesty." On March 29, the Queen and the Royal Family attended a memorial service for Philip at Westminster Abbey. The service was organised as Covid rules meant Philip’s funeral had only 30 people present. Representatives of many of his charities - including the Duke of Edinburgh Award - attended Tuesday's service, which had 1,800 people in attendance. It was the first major event this year attended by the 95-year-old monarch, who travelled by car from Windsor Castle with Prince Andrew. Dean of Windsor David Conner - a long-time friend of Prince Philip who also conducted his funeral - told the congregation at this service that the Duke's life "bore the marks of sacrifice and service". "Certainly, he could show great sympathy and kindness. There is no doubt that he had a delightfully engaging, and often self-deprecating, sense of humour. "It is quite clear that his mind held together both speculation and common sense. Moreover, nobody would ever doubt his loyalty and deep devotion to our Queen and to their family." It comes ahead of Ms Kelly’s updated book being released later in 2022. Hello! magazine, which features the full extract from Angela Kelly's updated edition of The Other Side of the Coin, is out now.