Liverpool midfielder Thiago has been 'worshipped' by former Red Marl Lawrsenson who was signing his praises even before his tunning performance against Manchester United on Tuesday. However, Dietmar Hamann admits he hasn't always been so fond of the Spaniard. Former Liverpool star Mark Lawrenson has 'worshipped' Thiago after he starred in a 4-0 win against Manchester United, although Dietmar Hamann hasn't always been so keen. Lawrenson can't get enough of the Spaniard, who dazzled for Liverpool once again in the midfield as he scooped up the man of the match award. But Hamann previously claimed that Thiago was making Liverpool "worse" as he slammed his style of play. It hasn't been the easiest of rides for Thiago as a string of injuries has disrupted his flow since signing for Liverpool in 2020. But the Spaniard is flourishing now that he is consistently fit, and Hamann is eating his words while Lawrenson continues to "worship" the midfielder. JUST IN: Man Utd player ratings: Bruno Fernandes and six others flunk vs Reds Thiago was gliding around the Anfield turf and oozed quality at walking pace against United as his class humiliated the Red Devils, and his involvement helped inspire a brutal 4-0 victory. The goals may have come from the usual candidates as Mohamed Salah ended his mini goal drought and both Luis Diaz and Sadio Mane got in on the action. But it was Thiago that starred and he scooped up yet another man of the match award, something that is because routine as of late. And this came as no surprise to Lawrenson, who was already worshipping the midfielder before kick-off. Lawrenson highlighted the 'brilliance' of Thiago in an interview with Off The Ball, as he said: "I worship at the feet of Thiago, I just think he's brilliant. He's going through a run where he's getting fitter, he sees stuff all the time, I don't think Keita will get in, to be honest. DON'T MISS "He's a fabulous talent. Every now and again he has an off-game, doesn't everyone? He sees stuff that none of the other midfielders see at all. He's got radar. "Against City he hit the pass that led to the move for the first goal. He's not afraid of giving the ball away, which sounds daft, but it isn't. He'll try everything. If you watch a lot of Premier League midfielders, their second touch is backwards or sideways. But it's not with him. "Everything is forward. He makes them more progressive as a team. Some of the balls he plays as well, I'm sure if you did a straw poll with the forward players about him passing into feet, they'd all be like 'wow', because he drills it into them, and that's easier for them to control with their touch. "I just rave about him. He's made such a difference. He just sees things, opportunities that mere mortals don't see at all." But back in January 2021, former Liverpool midfielder Hamann thought that they'd made a mistake signing the Spaniard, as he slammed Thiago for being "different" to what Jurgen Klopp needed. Hamann said on talkSport: "He slows things down and doesn't really play the way Liverpool play. "Liverpool in the past have had hard-working midfielders, they were not as skilful as Thiago, but they have the ball to Mane and Salah early. If you get the ball early on the wing, and theses guys can run at players they are very hard to stop. "I can tell you, he's a good player, a skilful player. But there was never a time in Munich where people said, 'oh he's the first on the teamsheet'. So I'd be very cautious when it comes to Thiago. "And the other thing is, as other people alluded to earlier, he plays a different style of football. He likes to be in possession. Liverpool were always good when they weren't in possession, won it and played quickly forward. "He's not that type of player, so it will be very interesting when he does play more often now how it's going to change the dynamics of the team." It's likely that Hamann's opinion may have slightly changed since his earlier comments, as the star has become one of the most loved talents around Anfield.