Donald Trump sat down with British journalist Piers Morgan to talk about his previous meetings with the Queen. The former US President claimed that one of his meetings with the Queen was supposed to be brief but ran well over an hour. The former President then went on to say he enjoyed the Queen's company and he knew she enjoyed his, claiming he had made her smile like "she never has before" days after Prince Harry prided himself on making her laugh during his visit two weeks ago. Mr Trump told the TalkTV presenter: "I’m not a fan of Meghan. I'm not a fan and I wasn't, right from the beginning. "I think poor Harry is being led around by his nose. And I think he's an embarrassment. "And I think when she spoke badly of the Royal Family, but in particular the Queen you know, I met the Queen. It was supposed to be for 20 minutes." Mr Morgan added: "I saw you just after you saw her." Mr Trump said: "Right. It was supposed to be just a quick meeting. And it was beautiful. "The pomp and ceremony, nobody does it like the English I don't know what it is. But nobody does it. Piers Morgan: "We have a certain style." Mr Trump added: "But I met her and it turned out to be more than an hour, substantially, because she liked me and I liked her and she let it be known. "She liked me and I let it be known." READ MORE: Druzhba explosion: Russian oil depot engulfed in flames following 'multiple explosions'     Mr Morgan said: "I’ve heard other members of the Royal Family told me they enjoyed your company. Mr Trump added: "We had a great time and then they honoured the United States but they honoured me that night which is really the honour of the country, and it was at the top level. "And I sat next to her and we talked the whole night. And somebody said we've never seen her smile so much. We had a great time. She was laughing and smiling. "They said they've never seen her have such a good time at a state dinner. You know, normally they're a little boring. Okay, this wasn’t boring." The former President met the Queen on two separate occasions, as part of a working visit to the UK in 2018 and 2019.  DON'T MISS:Blow for Prince Harry as Princess Anne to replace Duke in key Royal Marines role [LATEST]Royal rift POLL: Should Prince William work to resolve the feud with Prince Harry? [VOTE]'No genuine smile!' Harry's 'signal of deception' lets slip how Queen meeting REALLY went [ANALYSIS] British royal author Hugo Vickers uttered a similar sentiment as Mr Trump about the royal visit before the pandemic. Mr Vickers said: “I understand that she greatly enjoyed her meeting with [President Donald] Trump. “And when he went to tea with her at Windsor Castle, she kept him there for an extra 10 or 15 minutes. “She may just have been amused by him, but he would have been terribly excited to see her. “But I do think that especially the second visit, the state visit, I understand from people who know her that she thought he behaved really very well and actually it was all a great success.  “He couldn’t have been nicer about her in his speech.” 