Princess Anne, 71, is the Queen’s only daughter, and is 17th in the current line of succession. Her elder brother, Prince Charles, is the heir apparent and is the longest-serving Prince of Wales in British royal history. Her elder brother, Prince Charles, is the heir apparent and is the longest-serving Prince of Wales in British royal history. In a poll of 13,272 Times and Sunday Times readers, 79 percent of respondents answered ‘yes’ to the question of whether Princess Anne would “make a better monarch than Prince Charles”. Prince Charles has taken on further royal duties as Her Majesty, 95, rolls back her hectic schedule of royal engagements. On Friday, Buckingham Palace announced that the Queen would not attend the Maudy Day Service at Windsor on Thursday, but Prince Charles will stand in her stead. He will be accompanied by his wife, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, at the traditionally important event in the Royal Family calendar. The pair marked their 17th wedding anniversary on Saturday - a bittersweet occasion that coincided with the first anniversary of Prince Philip’s death. Earlier this year, the Queen made public her “sincere wish” that Camilla adopts the title of Queen Consort when Charles ascends the throne. In a message marking Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee, the Queen wrote: “When, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife, Camilla, the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service.” READ MORE: ‘Silence says it all’ Harry left in awkward silence after question When Camilla married into the Royal Family in 2005, Clarence House said she would carry the title of HRH Princess Consort when Charles is crowned. Prince Charles’ popularity has long been touted as unlikely to match that of his mother’s. In an Ipsos poll released on Wednesday, Britons appear to be warming to Charles as the future monarch, but a significant percentage would back his son, Prince William, taking the throne. In the responses collected between 24 March and 25 March, 43 percent had a favorable view of the Prince of Wales. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Queen pays emotional tribute to 'legacy' of Philip [LIVE] Prince Harry picks up habit from Meghan as Duke cuts ties from UK [INSIGHT]Expert pinpoints 'disaster' in Meghan and Harry's relationship [ANALYSIS] This was up 11 percentage points since 2018, based on the representative polling of 2,055 British adults aged 16 to 75. But over two out of five respondents believed the Prince of Wales should sacrifice his time on the throne, and less than a quarter believed he should wear the crown. Gideon Skinner, Ispos head of political research, said: “Looking to the future, half of Britons have faith in Prince Charles as a future King and more people view him in a positive light than four years ago. “However, with the popularity of Prince William not far behind that of the Queen, Britons also wonder whether Prince Charles should step aside in favour of his eldest son.” The Princess Royal, now bumped down to 17th in line, is unlikely to sit on the throne. But she has remained a steady figure in the senior ranks of the Royal Family, and gained a reputation for hard work on behalf of the throne. New research showed the Princess Royal completed 117 royal engagements in the first three months of 2022. She pulled ahead of Prince Charles’s figure of 102, and is currently on a Jubilee tour of Australia on behalf of her mother, the Queen.