Russian state TV made the explicit threat after the pair were paraded on Kremlin-controlled television following their detention in the ruined Ukrainian city Mariupol. In a blow to their worried families, the coverage implied they could be jailed in Russia for a number of years. The two soldiers, Pinner, 48, and Aslin, 28, made what appeared to be carefully scripted appeals to the PM to arrange an exchange for politician Viktor Medvedchuk, seen as Putin's longtime henchman in Ukraine. Dubbed the 'Prince of Darkness', he was arrested by Ukraine after escaping house arrest. But yesterday, a UK government minister warned Britons not to travel to Ukraine to fight and denied there could be any prisoner exchange. Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis said: “We're actually going through the process of sanctioning people who are close to the Putin regime, we're not going to be looking at how we can help Russia.” And he warned: “People should not be taking what is, in reality, an illegal route through into a very dangerous situation. "We really should be very clear with people, that isn't what they should be doing.” Russia's state channels described the captured pair as mercenaries, and not serving members of Ukraine's army. As a result, they did not qualify to be treated as prisoners of war under the Geneva Convention, according to the Kremlin, despite their families denying they only fought for money. State broadcaster Rossiya 1 said: "Aiden and Shaun are well aware of how uncertain their future is. Mercenaries may face trial. "It is unknown when they will return to their homeland." Channel 1 - the country's largest TV station - told viewers: "The two British mercenaries, who surrendered in Mariupol along with hundreds of Ukrainian troops, called on their Prime Minister Boris Johnson to influence Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to exchange them for opposition politician Viktor Medvedchuk. "Not a single army in the world takes mercenaries prisoner in battle. "They are not covered by the Geneva Convention on prisoners of war, so they can be said to be lucky. "Legally, they are not subject to the Geneva Convention rules on the treatment of prisoners of war, since they are mercenaries who signed a contract to fight for money. "But both Britons admit they are being treated correctly and humanely." The men are being used to echo false Russian narrative about the war in Ukraine. Channel 1 continued: "Both were shocked by the attitude of the Ukrainian military and the Nazis from the Azov [unit] to the civilian population. "Aiden Aslin is well aware that Kyiv has been violating peace agreements for eight years and killing Donbas civilians with impunity." Relatives of the men have called for them not to be classed as 'mercenaries'. Pinner is a former Royal Anglian soldier and has made clear he considers Ukraine his second country, where he relocated in 2018 and married a local. A statement issued by Pinner's family said: "Shaun was a well-respected soldier within the British Army serving in the Royal Anglian Regiment for many years. He served in many tours including Northern Ireland and with the United Nations in Bosnia. "In 2018 Shaun decided to relocate to Ukraine to use his previous experience and training within the Ukraine military. "Shaun enjoyed the Ukrainian way of life and considered Ukraine as his adopted country over the last four years. During this time, he met his Ukrainian wife, who is very focused on the humanitarian needs of the country. "He progressed into the Ukrainian Marines as a proud member of his unit." "We would like to make it clear he is not a volunteer nor a mercenary, but officially serving with the Ukrainian Army in accordance with Ukrainian legislation. "Our family is currently working with the Foreign Office along with the family of Aiden Aslin, who is also being held by the Russian Army to ensure their rights as prisoners of war are upheld according to the Geneva Convention."