Ms Trump, a former senior White House adviser, is to speak virtually to the committee about the events of January 6, 2021, to which a bipartisan Senate report linked seven deaths. Her testimony, on Tuesday, comes as the investigation of the attack on the US Capitol expands to include close relatives of the ousted president and will follow that of Jared Kushner, her husband and fellow former presidential adviser, who spoke to the panel for more than six hours last week. The Capitol committee's chairman, Democratic Representative Bennie Thompson of Mississippi, has previously written to Ms Trump that the panel wants her voluntary cooperation "on a range of critical topics". These include conversations her father had had on January 6 with his vice president, Mike Pence, and why quicker action wasn't taken on the day to help stop the violence. After attempts to secure an interview with her since late January, Ms Trump's decision to co-operate is significant for the committee. READ MORE: Trump teases fans over 2024 bid at Save America rally The panel has conducted 800 interviews, but this one is among the most high profile. The riots, which saw the former president's supporters interrupt the electoral college count and try to halt the certification of the 2020 election for Joe Biden, were the worst attack on the Capitol in more than 200 years. Mr Trump was impeached for inciting an insurrection, though acquitted when not enough Republican senators stood up against him. His daughter — a trusted aide — is now expected to give evidence at public hearings that, it is thought, will begin this summer. Her evidence, like others before the committee, will be private. Legislators have focused much of their time on Mr Trump's actions in the White House as his supporters were breaking into the Capitol. Ms Trump was with her father for much of that day, and Mr Thompson has said other witness testimony placed her in the Oval Office during some moments on January 6 as well as the days leading up to the events. DON'T MISS: Donald Trump's call logs show almost 8 hour gap while January 6 protesters stormed Capitol The investigating panel has said they want to discuss what Ms Trump knew about her father's efforts, including a telephone call where he allegedly pressured Mr Pence to reject the results of the election and that they say she witnessed. They are also interested in concerns she may have known about from Mr Pence's staff, members of Congress and the White House counsel's office. Members of the committee said the testimony of her husband last Thursday was helpful and are hoping to further fill in the gaps with Ms Trump's help. Mr Kushner, who was not at the White House as the Capitol attack unfolded because he was travelling back to Washington from Saudi Arabia, was the first member of Mr Trump's family to speak to investigators – and he did so "voluntarily". Democrat Elaine Luria, a member of the select committee, told MSNBC: "He was able to voluntarily provide information to us to verify, substantiate, provide his own take on this different reporting. "So it was really valuable for us to have the opportunity to speak to him."