Two families want to have their own private area, with space for two caravans, two tents and a parking area, beside Pedn Vounder Beach, near Treen, Cornwall. However, more than 100 people have lodged objections to the planning application, arguing the development would ruin the aesthetics and destroy part of Cornwall's well-preserved landscape. The application to Cornwall Council is part retrospective as some works have already taken place on the agricultural field by the seaside. Mike Kerwin and Jeremy Richards have applied for permission but live some 300 miles away in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, reports Cornwall Live. In a design and access statement submitted with the application, it is explained: "My clients have recently purchased the land adjacent to Treen Farm campsite, a short walk from Treen village. "The purpose is to use the field to locate two caravans and two tents, the subject of the planning application. The material change of use is for short term holidays for two families. It is recognised the occupation of the field will mean an increase in occupancy for short term periods but the impact on locals will be minimal. "There are no direct neighbours, and the site is close to a commercial caravan and camping park. There is no intention to rent the caravans as a business venture, they are purely for the families own use which includes many children."  Under conditions suggested by the planning agent, the applicants would not be able to stay on the site for any more than 56 days at a time and that the site would only be used between February and October. The Cornwall AONB Partnership said that the mobile home and caravan which are located on the site are "a conspicuous and unwelcome intrusion into the agricultural landscape and provide an indication of the likely visibility and effects of the proposed change of use". It adds that the new campsite would be "a proliferation of uncharacteristic and harmful development within the designated landscape". And among the 113 objections, Rebecca Ley writes: "The Treen cliffs are an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, and as such this planning application represents a clear breach of the purpose of AONB designation - to protect some of the country's most unique and well-preserved landscapes. To allow the eyesore of a huge chalet, together with caravan, tents and parking for cars would make a mockery of the entire AONB principles that safeguard much of Cornwall's unique landscape. "It is unthinkable that these structures would be permitted after the landowners’ shameless construction, without any permission being sought or obtained. There is no justification for the development and the applicants' total lack of openness and honesty should not be rewarded, but penalised." Elizabeth Le Grice, who lives nearby, commented: "We, like many others, have a great affection for this area. "Its beauty is overwhelming and has been part of our lives as a family for forty years. Our children love to swim there and the beauty of the cliffs and coast raise the spirits. It is necessary to keep this place untainted in these troubled times. This site is highly visible and will be an eyesore if building is allowed. Please protect this area of AONB." No date has yet been set for when the application might be decided. To view the plans or comment on them go to the Cornwall Council website and look at application number PA22/00697. 