China’s special representative for Central and Eastern Europe Huo Yuzhen reportedly left to quell tensions on April 18. He will be visiting the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Croatia, Slovenia, Estonia, Latvia and Poland. This comes despite fears China is backing Putin due to promises made before the war, as well as allegedly supporting his invasion with military equipment. Politico reports that the diplomat aims to “gauge the sentiment” and “shore up EU-China relations outside of Brussels”. The move also comes as the Czech Republic’s new government calls for greater scrutiny on China. Foreign Minister Jan Lipavský drew attention to a particularly sore issue for China in the form of Taiwan. Mr Lipavský said that the EU should do more to help “bullied” democracies like Taiwan, and called for greater scrutiny on China’s relationship with Russian despot Vladimir Putin. The communist dictatorship also appears to be delivering missiles to Serbia, prompting speculation about their true motives. Some experts have argued that the missiles could be secretly shipped from there onto Russia - implying that the EU’s neighbourhood policy is failing to prevent Serbia from teaming up with the bloc's rivals. This is given weight, argues Politico, by the EU believing it has “very reliable evidence” that China has been considering military support for Russia. The missile delivery also serves as a demonstration of China’s increasing global reach - and may be a sign of a nastier scheme being brewed by Putin and Xi Jinping. Serbian military analyst Aleksandar Radic said that “the Chinese carried out their demonstration of force.” Although Serbia has voted in favour of U.N. resolutions that condemn the bloody Russian invasion, it has refused to join international sanctions against its allies in Moscow. READ MORE: Putin told losing war to have 'devastating' outcome for him [REVEAL] It has also failed to outright criticize the apparent atrocities committed by the Russian troops. Serbia has been increasing its military with arms from both Russia and China - countries that also do not recognise the independence of Kosovo. The province claimed its independence from Serbia in 2008 - but the arming of Serbia by its eastern allies raises concerns that it may be being encouraged into another war. President Xi Jinping also had proclaimed a “no-limits” partnership with Putin just weeks before the invasion of Ukraine. While he has not openly expressed support for the invasion since, he has not decried it either - and the arming of Serbia may be another sign that China’s loyalties lie with solidifying the eastern bloc. DON'T MISS: Brexit: Fishing row erupts as Falklands hammered by tariffs [INSIGHT]Michael Portillo rages at Archbishop over Rwanda comments [ANALYSIS]Boris Johnson will offer 'full-throated apology' to MPs [REVEAL] China’s relationship with Ukraine has soured during the war. In a series of talks with state leaders after the war began, Mr Jinping left out arguably the most important one - President Zelensky. When asked why Xi hadn’t spoken with Zelensky, Foreign Ministry spokesman Wang Wenbin said China had “smooth communications” on the Ukraine issue. He added: “China supports all parties to uphold the concept of indivisibility of security.” China also failed to impress Ukrainians when they offered a pledge of $1.6million in aid to the country, in the same week as the US approved a $800million package. Ukrainian Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk said: “Russia is bombing us. This is absolutely frivolous - undignified and unworthy of a great nation.”