Just a few months ago Rishi Sunak was a very real threat to Boris’ leadership. As one of his allies said: “ He’s the only credible show in town.” Well not any more. Thanks to Labour’s attack dogs and those in his own party Rishi’s chances of the top job are finished. OK, I get that if Sunak was a bloke working in a bank his wife’s tax status wouldn’t make him a target for politicians for whom no smear is too awful. But I accept he’s not a regular bloke – he’s the Chancellor of the Exchequer - and life becomes about how things “look” not how they actually are. How things “are” is that Akshata Murty has broken no laws. As a non dom she’s been following the letter of the law – a law that has been in existence here since 1799. How things “look” is that she’s the stinking rich daughter of an Indian businessman( who started from nothing and through sheer hard graft became a billionaire) and in the middle of a cost of living crisis she’s got multimillions thanks to shares in her Father’s company on which she doesn’t pay tax here while her husband is imposing taxes that are crippling people. And THAT has made her a target for HIS enemies. We don’t know yet the full details of Sunak’s own tax arrangements but there is talk of him having had a U.S. green card and sources say he paid U.K. and U.S. tax on his British income while holding it. The Treasury says he doesn’t have it now and everything he has done is completely above board. If it turns out it hasn’t been, that he’s done something illegal - then yes, throw the book at him. But what did Akshata Murty do? She did what the other 238,000 non doms in the UK did – she kept to the letter of this country’s law. Yet now, this independent businesswoman who already pays tax on her earnings in India will be paying another £4m plus on the dividends she gets from her shares in her father’s company.  Why? Because after this week’s savage attacks on both her and her husband she has decided to give up her non-dom status and pay tax twice on her earnings because she says she doesn’t want to be “a distraction” to her husband job and it’s “not in accordance with the British sense of fairness.” So, when Sunak became chancellor should he have demanded that his wife, who was rich long before she met hm, change her tax arrangements? Should he have told her that for the sake of his job she should pay an extra £4m tax a year? Should he have demanded she relinquish her Indian citizenship and become a British citizen(India doesn’t allow dual citizenship) so it would look good on HIS resume? I mean come on - what century are we living in? Are wives still told what to do by ambitious men so they can keep their jobs? Is that fair? Or do we all just hate the rich so much that we don’t care? I smell the stench of Envy here. The narrative, for some, seems to be that Sunak deserves to be destroyed because he’s rich. And so does his wife because she’s richer than the Queen. I mean how dare he drink his coffee out of a £300 mug or wear trainers that cost £325 while imposing crippling taxes on the rest of us. Yes, he’s rich – but then so are huge numbers of our politicians. Not in Sunak’s league obviously, but they’re rich nonetheless. We need to get over it. It doesn’t stop him doing his job and it doesn’t stop him being one of the smartest, most fiscally literate chancellors we’ve ever had. I know these taxes are going to hurt all of us – me, you everyone. I hate it and I’m terrified of what’s coming. But Sunak’s not doing what he’s doing because he hates us. It’s because he needs to get Britain back on its feet. During the pandemic we got massively into debt - not least because Sunak instigated one of the most generous covid schemes on the planet by deciding to pay (almost) full wages to people who weren’t going to work.  He also doled out millions to help keep people’s businesses afloat. Oh how we loved him then. No-one cared about how rich he was or about his wife’s fortune. He was Dishy Rishi and he was handing out the cash. But even back then he warned that the money would have to be paid back. Were we not listening? But what’s made everything worse are rocketing gas and oil prices and high inflation. And Sunak’s got to manage that. And we don’t like it because it means squeezing us till the pips squeak. But Post Covid, Post Brexit he’s got the Hellish job of making Britain work. No Chancellor is popular when he’s doing things that hurt hard working people. But what’s the alternative? But do we think the people trying to destroy and discredit him now are doing it because of his tax rises or because you and I are hurting? No, the people inside the Tory Party are doing it because it stops Rishi being a threat to Boris. And those in the Labour ranks are doing it because they HATE HATE HATE rich Tories! The weasel Starmer was one of the first to pile in this week suggesting Rishi’s wife’s wealth was an insult to the millions currently struggling because of his tax rises. Then Ed Miliband joined the dogfight - the same man who screamed blue murder a few years ago when his late Marxist father was being attacked because he’d said Brits were “rabid nationalists”. Miliband said at the time: “Politics cannot be fought in the gutter, a line has been crossed.”  Aaah, but it’s OK for him to cross it and attack Sunak’s wife? The fact is Akshata Murty’s father, Narayana, came from nothing but worked his socks off and founded a business that now employs a quarter of a million people worldwide. So we’re now attacking our Chancellor’s wife because her Dad worked hard and got rich? And do we really think that because Sunak is wealthy he doesn’t give a stuff about or is able to understand poverty and people’s struggles? I don’t believe that’s true of him. He came from humble beginnings. His grandfather lived in a village in India with no electricity and no running water. He’s where he is because his family made sacrifices and worked hard - as did he. He hits out at claims that his wealth means he’s out of touch with people’s problems: “This shouldn’t be about wealth, it should be about values, ” he says.  And I think Sunak’s values, his ethics, his morals and his intrinsic decency, are head and shoulders above many politicians and certainly of those currently trying to finish him. Who else in the Tories do you think could get this country going again? Look around. There’s no-one. And anyone who believes the Starmer’s or the Angela Raynors of this world can are nuts! The problem is many of our politicians don’t actually care about you or me. They just care about scoring political points and kicking the you know what out of each other. Sunak is not one of those people. Yet it looks like we’re going to let one of the cleverest politicians of our time, a man with values and principles, be destroyed - all because he and his wife are rich. 