Claudia (played by Rula Lenska) has had several stints on Coronation Street over the years, with her storylines centring around her on/off friendship with Audrey Roberts (Sue Nicholls) and her relationship with Ken Barlow (William Roache). Last year, she made a cameo appearance to tie in with Norris Cole's (Malcolm Hebden) exit as she was one of the mourners at his funeral, having lived with him at the Still Waters retirement home. However, the actress who plays Claudia on the ITV soap, Rula, has stated she would love to go back and would love to star alongside her friend, Maureen Lipman, who plays Evelyn on the show. The two characters have not been on-screen much together at all, which is surprising as they are both such headstrong women. Speaking on Tuesday's edition of ITV's Lorraine, both Rula and Maureen were interviewed together and spoke about the future of their characters. Asked whether she would like to go back two years after her exit from the show, the Claudia star said: "I would love to go back, I had a wonderful time. "Not only because I was with Maureen but it was a huge family. Unfortunately, the storylines I thought would develop between Maureen didn't happen or haven't happened yet. "But yes, I would love to go back," she added, with Maureen adding: "There is a chance in the summer you could be back." READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Faye Windass death sealed after health scare "Yes, there is. For a few episodes," Rula confirmed so it is very likely the stylish hairdresser will be back stirring up some mischief very soon. With the comment made about the fact Claudia and Evelyn have not had a storyline together "yet", it seems there is a good possibility they will be on-screen together. What this could entail is with Still Waters at risk of closing down due to funding issues, Claudia could be recruited to find more pensioners willing to live there. The one place the former cobbles resident knows has quite a few veterans kicking around is in Weatherfield, which would allow for her to return. She could try and convince the likes of Audrey, Rita Tanner (Barbara Knox) and even Ken again to sign up and move in. However, she might have some difficulty with Evelyn, who has been living with her grandson Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) since she arrived in Weatherfield in 2018. With such a strong head on her shoulders, the battle-axe would tell Claudia she is happy where she is and doesn't want to move. Sitting down with Evelyn, Claudia could explain her story, how she was once a successful hairdresser who saw retirement as living the life of luxury. She thought Still Waters was going to be a brand new venture for her, but when Ken moved back to the cobbles and broke things off with her, she was left devastated. The former cobbles resident could add the place has so much potential but it needs to be full of people with character who can all get along in their old age. DON'T MISS...Michelle Collins, 59, engaged to toyboy beau, 38, after 10 years [COMMENT]Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim [COMMENT]Corrie’s Beverley Callard begged Ricky Gervais for role in After Life [COMMENT] Finally giving Still Waters a chance, Evelyn could agree to go and look around the retirement home but she would not agree to anything straight away. As she finds herself enjoying the place she could call home, Evelyn would be caught off-guard as she would consider living there. Sitting down with Tyrone, she could admit she needs to go and be with the older generation rather than living with him. The decision to move would mean he could have the house to himself and entertain who he likes without the fear his grandmother is going to walk in. Packing up her belongings, Evelyn could say goodbye to her grandson but tell him she won't be too far away and will continue to pop back now and again. This would mark the end of Evelyn's time living on the cobbles but viewers could get more of an insight into life at Still Waters as the show splits its time between Weatherfield and the retirement home. Evelyn might also have been the only person Claudia would have convinced to move, with Audrey, Rita and Ken all staying put. It's yet to be seen whether this storyline does play out but it would allow Maureen and Rula a lot more screen time together. When the actress who plays Claudia originally left the show in 2020, it was confirmed the door was being left open for her to come back at any time. A source explained: "The door is definitely open for Rula to return and Claudia still has connections on the street." "But for now Claudia's life is on the veranda of Stillwaters and Ken belongs in his backstreet booze," they told The Sun. Although Claudia did pop back for Norris' funeral, a longer stint would be enjoyed by fans who enjoyed seeing some of the older characters having some fun. Over the past couple of years, the drama has been centred around the younger cast members. So could the return of Claudia mark a new age for the older characters on the cobbles? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.