The health body says: “Skipping breakfast will not help you lose weight. You could miss out on essential nutrients and you may end up snacking more throughout the day because you feel hungry.” It also says eating at regular times during the day helps burn calories at a faster rate. Body mass index (BMI) is not used to diagnose obesity because people who are very muscular can have a high BMI without much fat.  Indeed, the Mayo Clinic says eating breakfast may reduce your hunger later in the day, which may make it easier to avoid overeating. It says: “When you skip breakfast, you may feel ravenous later and be tempted to reach for a quick fix.” It says in addition, eating breakfast may reduce cravings, especially for sweets and fats. The Mayo Clinic says: “Eating breakfast may get you on track to make healthy choices all day. People who eat breakfast tend to be more mindful of their diets.” READ MORE: Arthritis: ‘High tea consumption had an inverse association to the risk of RA’ says study  The organisation adds: “A healthy breakfast refuels your body and replenishes the glycogen stores that supply your muscles with immediate energy. Routinely skipping breakfast is associated with decreased physical activity. It continues: “More research is needed to understand the connection between breakfast eating habits and weight control. If you're trying to lose weight, it's important to find a method that works for you. Talk to your doctor or dietitian about an eating plan that will get you to your goals.” The NHS says: “If you're overweight, losing weight has many health benefits. “Making small, simple changes to what and how much you are eating and drinking can really help you lose the pounds.”  The NHS says most local authorities across England offer free places on behavioural weight management services for adults living with excess weight. The health body says: “Gaining weight is often a gradual process – it happens over the years as a result of modern-day life and the odd unhealthy habit. “Extra weight causes fat to build up around vital organs, making it harder for the body to fight against diseases like cancer, heart disease and now COVID-19. “If you are overweight or living with obesity, lowering your weight can help reduce your risk of developing serious diseases.”  As defined by the World Health Organisation (WHO), obesity is abnormal or excessive fat accumulation that presents a risk to health. Obesity UK says: “A crude measure of obesity is the body mass index (BMI), which is measured by calculating a person’s weight (in kilograms) divided by the square of his or her height (in metres). “A person with a BMI of 30kg.m2 or more is generally considered to be living with obesity. “Obesity is a risk factor for several chronic diseases, including diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and cancer.”  The health body says: “Obesity is a complex health condition. The UK Government’s Foresight Report, published in 2007, established that there are over 100 different factors that can contribute to weight gain and thus obesity. “Many of these factors are either partially or completely outside of a person’s control. “Research evidence has highlighted that people generally believe obesity is caused by factors within a person’s control, focusing on diet and exercise without recognition of, for instance, social and environmental determinants.” The NHS says the term obese describes a person who's very overweight, with a lot of body fat. It adds a common problem in the UK that's estimated to affect around one in every four adults and around one in every five children aged 10 to 11. 