Dan Walker is due to leave BBC Breakfast after being offered a "rare opportunity" by Channel 5, but today former host Louise Minchin jokingly replaced him on the famous red sofa before his time was even up. Dan's Breakfast co-host Sally Nugent not only gave Louise the Strictly Come Dancing star's seat but pushed him out of the scene altogether. "Just for old times sake, go on!" Louise joked on-screen as the cameras rolled. "Hello and welcome to BBC Breakfast," Sally began, as if it was just another typical morning. Suddenly Dan appeared in the background behind them, quipping indignantly to Louise: "Erm.. you stole my job!" "Not for long!" she assured the laughing presenter. READ NOW: Helen Skelton announces heartbreaking split from husband Richie Myler Sally then demonstratively pushed Dan backwards, amid much laughter. Assessing the scene after re-publishing it on Twitter, Sally wrote: "I think this is technically a pie off!" After the post was shared with over 144,000 followers, some rushed to respond. @michaelpelham5 wrote appreciatively: "The 3 musketeers, the best people to give you the news." @DeniseMckie4 chimed in: "I would have loved to have seen this segment this morning... to see you back on the famous red couch!" @William74142506 added: "You're going to miss these good days Dan!" The former Football Focus presenter is set to leave the BBC news programme soon, replacing Sian Williams on her Channel 5 News At Five slot. However no official date has been announced for his departure as of yet. DON'T MISS... Johnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip [LATEST] Jeremy Clarkson says Amber Heard wanted Top Gear stint in bid for fame [INSIGHT] Peter Kay says he’s doing ‘great’ as he makes rare public appearance [UPDATE]  57-year-old news anchor Sian, who also has qualifications as a chartered psychologist, has already taken to Twitter to welcome Dan to the Channel 5 team. She had made exactly the same move as him ten years ago, as she revealed in a recording that she published on Twitter. "Dan Walker, welcome to your new home!" Sian had announced in the TV studio. "I know what it's like to move from the BBC Breakfast sofa to the Channel 5 news show." "I absolutely loved it - and I think you will too!" Dan has confirmed his excitement about the switch in a video published on Twitter. "It's a massive one for me - someone who loves Breakfast, loves the team there, loves sitting next to Sally," he exclaimed. "But Channel 5 came along with big ambitions, big plans - and I don't think opportunities like this come around very often in TV and I can't wait. "I should also say hopefully it's not goodbye to the BBC."