Good Morning Britain hosts Kate Garraway and Richard Bacon spoke with mum Valeriia Starkova, who managed to flee Ukraine with her children after the Russian army began their invasion into their city. The mum spoke with the ITV hosts from a home in Cambridgeshire and she appeared to get emotional as she discussed the war happening in her country. Kate began the interview by pointing out Valeriia's children start school next week. She said: "It's often strange when kids go back after a holiday, you can occasionally find it a struggle to get them out of bed and get them into school I find. "It must be quite a daunting prospect going to a school you don't speak the language or know anyone." "They are frustrated," the mum explained. "They can't speak any English so they have prepared little cards with common phrases like, 'I feel sick' or 'My mum' or something like that." READ MORE: Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’ She continued: "It is just for anyone to help them. They put our phone numbers so anyone can call. "They were really scared to go without mobile phones because they couldn't use an online translator and they were disappointed because of that." Later on in the interview, Valeriia broke down in tears as she explained some of her family members are left in Ukraine. "They are still there and I cannot express how I feel," she sobbed. I feel guilty that I am here safe and they are still there fighting." The mum added: "All my friends who are still there, my family, schoolmates, they really miss their schoolmates. It's so hard." "It's the reality of what you're going through," Kate replied. "That torment but you shouldn't do. "I am sure they would be so glad that you are safe." However, just minutes into the interview, viewers took to social media to blast the way host Kate was speaking to the family. DON'T MISS...'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview [VIDEO]Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’  [INSIGHT]Where are John and Anne Darwin now? [CAST] Many felt her tone was "unprofessional" and "patronising". User @hooray_k fumed: "#GMB #GoodMorningBritain This #Ukrainian family has suffered enough without a fake empathy interview & unprofessional interview with #KateGarraway." (sic) Craig tweeted: "Why is Kate talking to this woman like she's 5 years old, she sounds so patronising #GMB." Jo Jo went on to say: "Clearly those poor children do not want to be on TV, why would you add to their already traumatic experience #GMB." (sic)  "This poor family just wants to be left in peace, but instead has @GMB hassling them to do interviews," user @Flopsypickle raged. "How about we let them try to adjust to a new life here rather than parading them about." Suzy pointed out: "GMB blimey those children look very traumatised." (sic) "These children obviously don't want to be on TV, by the look on their faces. Find it uncomfortable viewing tbh," Alexis said. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.