Gary Lineker has shared his driving woes, as he admitted being a motoring menace who has “road rage”. The Match of the Day presenter also divulged that when he does have an accident it is “usually his fault”. He told former boxer Tony Bellew, 39, on his BBC podcast that he was recently at fault while driving. “I pulled out a little bit when I shouldn’t have done,” he said. “The fella wound his window down, he’s going, ‘You f***er Gary!’ “Then he said, ‘Hello Gary! How are you mate?’ It’s no problem as it’s you!’ He was nice to me and it was fine.” Gary has become one of football's most beloved pundits and presenters since retiring in 1994 at the age of 35, most notably as the face of Match of the Day. READ MORE: Helen Skelton's husband in cryptic message just days before split Gary is father to four sons shared with his ex-wife Michelle. George, 29, Harry, 27, Tobias, 25, and Angus, 23, are all sons of the broadcaster, Gary's eldest son is co-founder of YourBusinessNumber, a service that allows people to separate work and personal life by providing a business number. While second eldest Harry works as a producer and the youngest Angus is currently a business development manager. The five of them are reportedly very close to each other, and the ex-England star has spoken at length about the heartbreak he faced when his firstborn battled childhood leukaemia. Gary revealed the trauma of it still affects him to this day as he continued speaking on the BBC podcast. George was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia at just six weeks old. Gary revealed he can still vividly remember the moment he was given the news by doctors. DONT MISS:Amanda Holden and Holly Willoughby twin in matching floral dresses (PHOTOS)Claudia Winkleman addresses emotional Strictly farewell (NEWS)Stacey Solomon punishes Joe Swash for sneakily returning home (LATEST) He said: “I’ll never forget, the two guys just looked at each other and they just said, ‘I’m sorry, but this does look like something much more serious. “We need to do some tests, but it does look like leukaemia’. “I knew it was a blood cancer and you know it’s super serious, but it’s a baby. How does that happen?” George was then rushed to Great Ormond Street Hospital in London for emergency treatment. He said: “It was just dread, fear, heartbreaking, terrifying. It’s brutal. I just don’t know what we’d have done, how we’d have coped, if we hadn’t got through. “Still things like that with kids gets me. And Ricky Gervais’ After Life… anyone that’s seen it will know what I’m talking about. It just got me.”