Former Countdown host Nick Hewer has reacted after his co-stars on a new BBC show told how they thought him dead after he fell down drunk. The longtime Countdown host, 78, was filming new BBC Two series Pilgrimage alongside his co-star, comic Shazia Mirza. The Kardashians Made Me Do It star told how she feared Nick had died after he fell over while drunk. On the new series of Pilgrimage, Nick, Shazia and a cohort of their fellow celebrities embark on a religious trek from Ireland to Scotland. But Nick revealed that he became tipsy one night, leading to disaster with his sleeping bag and air mattress. Shazia explained: "One night Nick was drunk and I had to rescue him off the floor. I thought he had died." READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show However, the ex-Countdown host was quick to clarify the incident. Nick explained: "I was p***ed but not completely drunk and if you are 77 and standing on an air mattress in the dark half p***ed and your foot gets caught in the sleeping bag and you fall and hit the floor... "Let’s just say I slipped on the slopes of Glenfiddich," he added. Nick fronted Channel 4 show Countdown for a decade before leaving in 2021. The 78-year-old joined the Countdown team in 2012 after taking over the role from sports presenter Jeff Stelling. Hosting his final episode of the popular programme last year, Nick issued a warning to fans ahead of Anne Robinson taking over. Speaking to his colleagues, he said: "It’s been a pleasure working with you guys, Susie and Rachel, it’s been a real pleasure. Thank you so much.” Before signing off his final show, Nick went on to wish Anne good luck, as he said: “So, that’s it! Back on Monday, and there’ll be somebody else in my chair. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Carol Vorderman issues distressing warning over online abuse [INSIGHT]Strictly's Shirley Ballas claims her industry is in 'dreadful state' [ANALYSIS] “And I hope that she’ll have as much fun as I’ve had, and I hope that you’ll be as generous to her as you’ve been to me.” Upon his departure from the programme last year, Anne took his place alongside numbers whizz Rachel Riley and wordsmith Susie Dent. Before joining Countdown, Anne hosted The Weakest Link for 12 years before leaving the show in 2012 upon completing her contract. The so-called Queen-of-Mean hosted over 1,600 episodes of The Weakest Link during her tenure. Speaking to the BBC back in 2011, Robinson explained that it was a “hard decision,” to leave the Weakest Link and that her time on the show had “been superb”. “I’ll miss it,” Robinson continued, adding: “If there's anything about longevity in television, it's about knowing what to take and what to turn down, and what to stop. “It's often about what not to do anymore. And I just simply haven't got time to do the book.” BBC Two series Pilgrimage starts on BBC Two on Friday April 8.