Arsenal's 2-1 loss to Brighton on Saturday afternoon has put a serious dent in their top four hopes with just eight games of the season remaining, with the Gunners now three points behind Tottenham - albeit with a game in hand - whilst possessing a worse goal difference than their north London rivals. And celebrity Arsenal fan Piers Morgan has aimed his frustrations at manager Mikel Arteta after the poor showing - branding the boss as 'pathetic'. Goals from Leandro Trossard and Enock Mwepu put the Seagulls two to the good and despite Martin Odegaard's late goal, Arsenal suffered a big blow to their prospects of Champions League qualification. Arsenal have now handed over the reins to Tottenham, with their 4-0 win over Aston Villa taking them above the Gunners. Goals are a real issue at the Emirates, with Alexandre Lacazette failing to replace the recently departed Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's prowess in front of goal. And Morgan vented at Arteta in a rant on Twitter, naming him as the reason for Arsenal's recent struggles. "Reminder that Arteta gave away Aubameyang for FREE to Barcelona where he is banging in goals for fun - and kept Lacazette who hasn’t scored in open play since December," Morgan said moments after Brighton went 2-0 up at the Emirates. "Looks a worse & worse decision with every game that passes. Yet still Arsenal fans support it. JUST IN: Man Utd 'have approached Everton for Richarlison' but face competition That tweet was followed up with another minutes later, with the TV personality firing more barbs at the Spaniard. "FFS. Trust the process? I wouldn’t trust Arteta to boil me an egg at the moment," he continued. And he completed a hat-trick of tweets at the full-time after Odegaard's consolation goal was not enough to earn a point. "Pathetic," Morgan concluded. Arteta has been praised recently for the Gunners' good form, although that has dwindled with their last two defeats. Arsenal have now lost three of their last five Premier League outings, scoring just four goals in the process. DON'T MISSTottenham boss Antonio Conte hints at transfer plans involving Harry Kane[QUOTES]Erik ten Hag 'wants to take trusted Ajax coach with him to Man Utd' after Rangnick warning [REPORT]Arsenal signing Hazard could force Arteta to fast-track plan and save millions[OPINION] But Arteta was the first to admit his side were not at the races against Graham Potter's men. “The first half, it was really poor again,” reflected Arteta in his post-game press conference. “The reaction that we wanted to show and everything that we talked about, we didn’t make it happen on the pitch. “We were sloppy on the ball, we were second best in a lot of situations, we didn’t show any purpose or build any momentum in the game or play with the right speed to transform the game that Brighton proposed today. “The first chance that they had, the only chance that they had, they scored the goal and then we created a cold atmosphere, an atmosphere we weren’t comfortable with and when we tried to change it was too late. It was great not to give up but it was too late.”