According to official figures from Public Health Scotland, during the week ending March 27 1,022 people waited for over half a day to be seen in A&E - seven more than the week prior. 68.4 percent of the 25,264 in emergency departments were seen within four hours. This figures means that 26.6 percent less people were seen within four hours than the Scottish Government’s aim of 95 percent. Meanwhile, the number of those waiting to be seen for more than eight hours also increased by 12 on the previous week, for a total of 2,627. The Royal College of Emergency Medicine has warned there have been 240 deaths since the start of the year as a result of delays at A&E departments. February was also a difficult month for the NHS in Scotland, with performance down regarding seeing patients within 12 hours. 2,404 people waited for longer than this time across Scotland, out of a total of 110,196 attendances - 2.2 percent of the total. Only 74.2 percent of A&E patients met the government’s four-hour aim, a fall from the 76 percent for January, and 75.7 percent for December. In a small victory, however, the number of attendees waiting for more than eight hours decreased slightly in the month of February, with 6,602 (6.2 percent) patients spending that time in emergency departments compared to last month's figure of 6,682. The spokesperson for Scottish Labour Health, Jackie Baillie, has slammed the SNP for their handling of the health service. Ms Baillie said: "The SNP’s mismanagement of our NHS is not just causing chaos in our emergency rooms – it is costing lives. "Despite the best efforts of heroic NHS staff, the SNP are leaving services to sink to new lows with every passing week. "The Royal College of Emergency Medicine have warned that hundreds of lives have been lost due to the crisis in A&E. It really does not get much worse than this. "Spiralling rates of delayed discharge are piling pressure on already-stretched services. READ MORE: £33m-winning family face almost 50 objections for Hollywood mansion [REVEAL] "Patients and hardworking staff are both being failed by the SNP’s continued inaction. We need urgent action to tackle this crisis and save lives.” Scottish Conservative health spokesman Dr Sandesh Gulhane has also blasted the SNP, describing the stats as “truly horrendous,” adding: “Worse still, it was even reported this week that some patients have actually waited three days. “We can't go on like this, with Humza Yousaf wringing his hands while lives are needlessly lost because Scotland's emergency wards don't have enough staff to satisfy demand.” A Scottish Government spokesperson said: "The latest monthly figures published show Scotland has the best performing A&Es in the UK. "In fact, Scotland's A&Es have outperformed those in England, Wales and Northern Ireland for over six years. "The latest weekly figures show performance in our A&E departments has slightly improved, although we know this may fluctuate in the weeks ahead as the unprecedented impact of the pandemic continues to take its toll. "We are still seeing high levels of Covid transmission and people in our hospitals with the virus, but there are some indications that numbers are stabilising. "For many, A&E will not be the right place for their healthcare need. People should consider whether their condition is an emergency, such as a stroke, heart attack or major trauma, before going to A&E. "Local GPs can be contacted during the day for non-critical care, as well as local pharmacies. If you think you need A&E but it is not an emergency, NHS 24 telephone service is available on 111."