Ronnie O'Sullivan, 46, returns to the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield tonight for the semi-finals of the World Championship. The Rocket set up a mouthwatering clash with John Higgins as he overcame Stephen Maguire on Wednesday. World number one O'Sullivan outclassed his opponent in a swift 13-5 win that included a total clearance of 126. Higgins’ progression to the final four was much more tense as he eked out a narrow victory over Jack Lisowski. In a wide-ranging post-match chat, he said: “Prince Harry has done a runner. He doesn’t want the spotlight. I’ve been trying to do that all my life. “That’s why you don’t see me at the venue much. I try to keep as much privacy as I can.” His remarks came after Harry and his wife Meghan Markle announced in a statement in January 2020 that they were to step back as senior royals. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex subsequently settled in California and agreed with the Queen that they would not return to the Royal Family as working members. In his interview O'Sullivan compared the pressure of snooker to that felt by Harry’s brother Prince William, the future King. He said: “I’ve had pressure since the age of 10 or 11. An expectation level that I’d be a champion one day. “So, I suppose in many ways, it’s like Prince William being groomed to be King. “If you said to me: ‘Would you want Prince William’s role?’ I wouldn’t know where to begin. “But he has had it since a child and it has become natural I suppose. For me, that’s the same metaphor for snooker. “I’ve learned to deal with pressure, playing under pressure in the amateur and pro ranks.” DON'T MISS: Princess Eugenie makes announcement as royal follows in Meghan and Harry's footsteps [LATEST]Andrew clinging on 'to what time is left' before Charles takes throne — expert speculates [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton proved destiny to be 'future Queen' during split from Prince William [ANALYSIS] The Rocket’s abilities on the table have been analysed ever since he made his first 147 clearance aged 15. O'Sullivan, who is often named as the greatest player of all time, was honoured by the Queen in 2015. The star received an OBE for his services to snooker from the monarch in her New Year list of honours. O'Sullivan thanked the Queen for the prestigious accolade, as well as his family and friends who have supported him over the years. He said: “I am extremely grateful for this recognition which is a great honour and has made both myself and my family very proud.” However, just two years earlier, O'Sullivan had claimed that he should not be a recipient of a royal honour. He said at the time: “It would be a disgrace to give it to someone like me. I’m just not that type of guy, am I? “As long as I am loved by my fans and my public, and when I die people might still have a look on YouTube and say, ‘This guy played the game better than anyone who ever played,’ then for me that is better than anything.” The first session of O'Sullivan and Higgins’ semi-final will air on BBC Two tonight from 7pm.