The Royal Family usually attend an Easter service every year and the outfits never disappoint. Kate Middleton today, April 17, opted for a pale blue dress by British designer Emilia Wickstead – one of the Duchess’ favourite brands. Kate’s dress features a wide collar and a pleated, almost peplum-like skirt that reaches her knees. It is cinched in at the waist with a subtle belt and is made from a thick material. The Duchess matched the dress with a pale blue clutch bag and a darker blue headband. She finished the look with a pair of baby blue stiletto heels. READ MORE: Camilla beaming as her and Charles step out at Royal Maundy Service Kate’s powder blue coat dress is a bespoke design, created just for her by Emilia Wickstead. She first wore the garment in 2017 for an official visit to Luxembourg. But the dress is not the only recycled item of clothing the Duchess is wearing today. Her headband, bag, shoes, and jewellery have all been seen by royal fans before.  The blue headband features a tiny bow and is by hat and headband designer Jane Taylor. Kate’s shoes, which are suede, are by Emmy London and named the ‘Rebecca’ on the brand’s website. The Duchess’ clutch bag, called the ‘Natasha’ is also by Emmy London. As for jewellery, Kate is wearing a pair by designer Cassandra Goad. They seem to be studs featuring clusters of small pearls. Cassandra Goad is a favourite of the Duchess’ and she has worn many earrings by the designer in the past. Kate was joined by Prince William and two of their children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte this morning. Charlotte matched her mother in a white and pale blue floral dress and a navy-blue cardigan. Meanwhile, Prince William wore a navy-blue suit and a burgundy tie. George also donned a navy-blue suit, but with a matching dark blue tie. Interestingly, this is not the first time Kate has worn baby blue on Easter Sunday. In 2019, the Duchess opted for an Alexander McQueen powder blue coat with a matching dress and a coordinating Jane Taylor hat. She also wore the same Emmy London blue shoes she donned for today’s service. The Royal Family this morning arrived at St George’s Chapel in Windsor to attend the annual Easter Sunday service.