Elon Musk has caused quite a stir with his hostile takeover bid of Twitter. It seems that the richest man in the world will be successful in his efforts though. What does this potentially all mean? Why is it relevant to us in the UK? Well, for one thing it will be a victory for free speech given that Mr Musk remains true to his word, and that has to be welcome. It will certainly inflict a gaping wound into the torso of the silicon valley hi-tec mafia. In recent years social media has increasingly set the standard for evolving social attitudes. Political correctness and the pervasive encroachment of wokeism into our daily lives is glaringly self-evident. This progressive dogmatic approach manifests itself in many ways. Broadly speaking though, the likes of Twitter, Facebook and Google have consistently displayed a tendency to champion a liberal narrative whilst stifling that of a more conservative nature. In 2016 Donald Trump shattered the illusion and triumphed over the generally perceived shoe-in Hillary Clinton. The woke world went into meltdown. To this day mainstream liberalism in the United States has refused to accept the result. Yet conservatives had to accept the victory of Biden without protest, we had to “suck it up” as Whoopi Goldberg commented at the time. In the UK we have witnessed the metamorphosis of minority rights into ever more absurd and ridiculous prescribed normality. A trans woman is a woman if they or others say so, irrespective of biology. The physical differences between the sexes are unambiguously clear. Procreation of the human species would tend to indicate this irrespective of the woke new world order. Yet JK Rowling is demonized for daring to speak the truth about women. Social media has evolved, it has enabled the world to engage and exchange ideas and views which must be a good thing. There is a sinister side to this unfortunately. It has also enabled vested interests, most especially the global tech giants, to shape public opinion with their preferred narrative. This surely fundamentally defeats the presumed primary objective of allowing people to freely communicate and exchange their views? To argue that stifling conservative opinion is the same as neutering racism, homophobia and political bias is disingenuous. We have allowed ourselves to be distracted, to be side-tracked, even to be duped. We have become so pre-occupied with political correctness and its insidious consequences that our real adversaries have taken the initiative and have us at a disadvantage. If you don’t believe that then take a long look at Communist party China and dictator-ruled Russia and his grotesquely ill-advised military foray into Ukraine. We need a free and balanced, politically neutral social media platform that genuinely serves the purpose of the free exchange of views, regardless of how offensive these may be to some (while remaining within the law). The time for big tech acting as judge and jury is long past its expiration date. We don’t need liberal referees deciding what we see or don’t see, what we say or what we think.   It has been suggested that some Twitter employees plan to engage in acts of sabotage. Some liberal commentators have even opined that Twitter would promote racism and anti-democratic-hate speech under Musk ownership. Say what? To promote a biased narrative excluding actively and indeed consistently that with which they strongly disagree is neither democratic nor honest. Elon Musk is on record as saying that he wishes to restore a proper diversity of views to Twitter. This must include conservative as well as liberal views. Perhaps it will serve as a beacon of hope, genuinely fostering goodwill in agreement or disagreement. Free speech is vital to a healthy democracy both in the United Kingdom and the United States. Twitter is an established forum to nominally facilitate this, yet it has been deliberately abused to advance a given political agenda rather than that for which it was originally intended. We tweet in the UK on a massive scale so its in the interests of all of us to seek common ground on a level playing field both here as well as the USA. Free exchange is as vital as unfettered access to unblemished information that affects our daily lives. Embracing this will be a shot in the arm to democracy and a kick in the pants to authoritarianism. Those who are demonstrably inclined to pursue their controlling agenda should be seen for who and what they are. We should be free to say so. 