Lynsey, who is known for her natural cleaning methods, appeared on ITV’s This Morning on Thursday to share her cleaning tips for getting rid of ants in homes. With the summer soon approaching, ants are becoming more and more of a problem and can be a nightmare to remove. From chalk to peppermint oil, Lynsey has noted several natural products to use when it comes to ousting these house pests from properties. The best way to get rid of ants is to target the source - while it might be difficult to identify an ants nest, finding where they seem to be coming from is the place to start when laying any deterrent methods. But instead of reaching for any unnatural pesticides to deal with the problem, there are plenty of ways to combat ant infestations without using chemicals, according to Lynsey. She said: “It’s all about looking after the ants but keeping them out. “We’re just stopping them from coming in and if they do come in there are a few solutions.” Lynsey shared how homeowners can use chalk to deter ants from houses. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share £1 baby product for getting rid of ants She explained: “If you get a piece of chalk and use it to draw a line, the ants stop and turn around. They won’t go over it.” Chalk lines on a sidewalk contain a finely ground version of calcium carbonate. This fine powder, if drawn in a thick enough line across an ant's scent trail, could confuse the ants. Drawing lines around a patio table and chair set or in front of potential entry points to a home could keep ants away, at least for a while. Mint plants are also great for ousting ants, due to their odour, according to Lynsey. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to unblock drains using hair removal cream [TIPS]How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas [INSIGHT]Weeds: Use baking soda to quickly get rid of ‘stubborn’ patio weeds [EXPERT] She said: “If you’ve got a massive ant problem, pop this outside your door. “It will stop them from coming in as they hate the smell of mint.” For those who do not have mint plants they can opt for mint cleaning products, such as a mint fragranced window spray. Lynsey also noted that ants “hate” cinnamon sticks. She said: “Another good one is cinnamon sticks, again they hate cinnamon and you can use cinnamon powder as well.  But obviously be careful with your pets. “With sticks like this you can just pop them in the ground outside or beside any nice plants inside.” Cinnamon doesn't only scare away ants, but also cockroaches, spiders, fruit flies, rats, wasps, earwigs, silverfish, mosquitoes, and even bed bugs. Talcum powder is also “great” for getting rid of ants as it acts as a “barrier”. Lynsey explained: “What you do with the talc is you create a mountain, so put it under your skirting boards, squeeze it right in and it stops them from coming in base they can’t push the talk out. “So places they come in layer your talk in a nice thick line to act as a barrier.” The cleaning expert also suggested using peppermint oil to deter ants for your home. Lynsey said: “With this you can grab some cotton balls and spray with peppermint oil then put it in the cupboard where you have ants. “You can also use your cotton ball to go over your PVC doors and windows. They hate the smell and it makes your house smell lovely.” This can be diluted with water or white vinegar. However, be cautious if using these if you have pets - in particular cats, who can become very ill if exposed to some essential oils.