Alfie Boe, 48, has recounted the “dark times” that led him to try and overdose, prompting a subsequent stint in rehab. The Les Misérables star is set to speak out on his split from his ex-wife next week on the BBC reality show Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof. He announced his separation from his ex-wife Sarah, who is the mother of his two children, back in August 2020. Alfie explained that he wanted to talk about the “scary time” to try and raise awareness for others who may need support. The singer said: “When my ­separation happened initially I went into a really dark place. “It’s weird to talk about, I’ve not spoken about this in public, but I’m willing to, if it can help anyone out there that needs that. READ MORE: Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband “I’d gone through beating myself up and hating myself and not having any love for myself and it resulted in a foolish act of throwing some pills down my throat because I’d lost my way. “I ended up in a ­rehabilitation facility for about five weeks and it was a scary time.” The Boe and Ball member went on to explain that the break-up still feels “so raw” two years on. He admitted he still missed his ex-wife, with whom he shares daughter Grace, 12, and son, Alfie, eight. Alfie said: “I was ­separated from my wife after being married for 18 years. “We have two ­beautiful ­children but unfortunately our journey wasn’t to last a lifetime. “Even though we’re close and we’re friends it’s not the same. It’s been nearly two years now but it still feels so raw.” The singer concluded to The Mirror: “I miss her. I miss what we had.” DON'T MISSBoris Becker spotted with big floral bouquet hours before sentencing [INSIGHT]Rachel Riley slammed after arguing 'no one should defend Johnny Depp' [LATEST]Ann Davies dead: EastEnders and Grange Hill star dies aged 87 [NEWS] Alfie had previously addressed his split from his “incredible” ex-partner as he set the record straight on their relationship. He highlighted that he had “nothing but love” for her as he confirmed that they will remain “amicable” for their children. Alfie also shut down speculation surrounding his marriage as “nonsense” in an Instagram post. “After speculation about my marriage to Sarah ending, I can confirm that we have separated,” Alfie wrote. “I have nothing but love and respect for Sarah who’s been an incredible partner and an amazing mother to our two beautiful children and everything is very amicable.” He added: “Other parts of the story, though, are absolute nonsense. “I would just kindly ask for respect of our privacy during this time, as we work things out. I thank you all for your welcomed support.” If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website here.