Cornwall is looking for two volunteer wardens to live in a tent on a tiny island from May to September. Looe Island, also known as St George's Island, is a beautiful spot with a natural reserve a mile from the mainland town. The Cornwall Wildlife Trust has announced two volunteers are needed to spend four months helping manage the nature reserve. The successful travellers who want to spend the summer there would help to monitor and look after the marine wildlife. They will also be in charge of helping visitors around the island. READ MORE: Ryanair flight to Alicante declares emergency after take-off Currently, Claire Lewis and Jon Ross are the two permanent wardens who already live on the island. Ms Lewis said the volunteers would "live in a tent and help us monitor the wildlife and look after the island". "They'll also meet and greet members of the public. "And they'll be involved in helping us water, weed, harvest and grow as much of our own fruit and vegetables as possible to be basically self-sufficient," she said.  Looe Island, which was given to the trust in 2004, is part of the Whitsand and Looe Bay Marine Conservation Zone. The small territory features a variety of wildlife habitats, including woodland, maritime, grassland, sand, shingle and rocky reef. The trust said that ideally, the volunteers should be "a couple or two good friends who can commit to living and work closely together on the island". Applicants have to be aged over 18. Interest in wildlife and helping protect wild places is required. Applicants must also be willing to live in a simple, isolated spot. They must be reliable and considerate and able to commit for the whole period. The closing date for this role is midnight on Thursday, April 7. First interviews will be held via video call on April 12 and 13. Second interviews will be held in person on Looe Island later this month. Annette S, who recently visited Looe Island, said on Tripadvisor: "Stunningly beautiful. "A beautiful place to visit if you love wildlife (seals and seabirds). The extremely knowledgeable wildlife wardens make you feel at home instantly and will answer all your questions willingly. Looe Island is a stunning place which no one ever seems to want to leave, it is so tranquil and all you can hear is the sound of the sea and the birds singing - magical!"