On a video posted to The Ramsey Show - Highlights YouTube channel in 2019, he suggested how a caller could ensure themselves a comfortable retirement. James, 65, planned to work for another year and retire by 66. He has almost £500,000 across his private pensions, and his company match his contributions. He still had around £77,000 on his mortgage, and had around £7,000 in credit card debt. He aims to move from where he lives, and move closer to his family once he retires. James said: “I’m terrified right now because I’m sitting in a position where I will turn 66 in one year. “My plan is to retire when I reach my full retirement age and not be limited if I chose to work again and penalised by taxes.”  READ MORE: Disability Living Allowance explained as thousands set to move to new benefit  “Make sure you have an emergency fund saved of three to six months worth of expenses and set yourself some goals. “Have a nest egg and live off of the income it creates without touching the principal. “The other is to get your house paid off.” As James wanted to eventually move, Mr Ramsey suggested setting a budget and possibly downsizing to save money in his retirement. He also mentioned that he could continue to work after 66 if he wishes. James said he feels great and has job offers lined up for him when he moves back. Mr Ramsey said: “Your income is going to continue when you move back and you can continue to add to your nest egg and use that to clean up the mortgage. “Make sure all other debts are cleared before you move. “That will put you in great shape.” Mr Ramsey explained his “formula, real rough and dirty". This is the closest path to wealth, he said. Speaking in 2019,  Mr Ramsey continued: “The [US] stock market has averaged - if you’re invested in good mutual funds that are averaging what the stock market has averaged - between 11 and 12 percent each year.“If you pull off seven or eight percent from your nest egg, you’re safe. “So if you can live off of eight percent of your nest egg, you’re good and I think by the time you retire you will have made more money.”