Rebecca joined the cast of Emmerdale as Manpreet in 2018 but just two years later, the character's world was turned upside down when her younger sister, Meena Jutla (played by Paige Sandhu) arrived in the village. Not only has the actress's alter-ego discovered her sibling was a killer, but she was also held hostage by her and in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, she will take to the stand to testify against the murderer. Almost four years into the role, the soap star has gained a huge legion of fans who want to know what her life is like away from the camera. Although she plays someone who is beyond her years, viewers might be surprised to find out just how old Rebecca is. An exact date has not been reported for the actress's birthday but it is known Rebecca was born in 1975, making her 47-years-old. The soap star was born in Halifax, West Yorkshire, and it is thought this is where she grew up before she trained at drama school. This means when the actress joined the cast of the weeknight serial drama, she would have been around 43 years of age. However, Emmerdale isn't the first soap role Rebecca has held as back in 1999, she joined the cast of Coronation Street. Rebecca played series regular Nita Desai in what would be her breakout role in television dramas at the age of 24. READ MORE: University Challenge finalists despair over drag slang round Therefore, Rebecca's career has spanned almost a quarter of a century and with no indications, Manpreet is going to be leaving the village, it seems the actress will continue her journey on the small screen. The actress isn't the only celebrity who celebrates her birthday in 1975 as a host of famous faces were also born in the same year. These include the likes of Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie, football legend David Beckham and Titanic star, Kate Winslet. Black Eyed Peas singer Fergie, golfing star Tiger Woods, Canadian singer Michael Bublé and British chef Jamie Oliver also share the same birthday year. With regards to how old Rebecca's character Manpreet is, there is no indication as to when she celebrates her birthday. However, despite not knowing how old Manpreet is, there is some indication she isn't too much older than her sister, Meena. Both women seem very mature, suggesting there could be about five to 10 years difference between them but in real life, the age gap is a lot greater. This is because the actress who plays Meena, Paige, is only 24-years-old, some 23 years younger than her co-star Rebecca. Despite not being sisters in real life, the pair have developed a strong bond over the past two years since the villain was first introduced. Speaking about their relationship, Paige said: "I still don’t know a lot of people in the cast because we’ve not been allowed in the same scenes. DON'T MISS...Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT]Hayley Tamaddon health: Star was left in 'agony' after IBS flare up [COMMENT] "But I’ve got a really close bond with Rebecca," the soap star continued. "We have the same sense of humour and are very similar. We’re both quite private, low-key people who are more introverted than extroverted. "She’s also a really kind and welcoming person. We just had an instant relationship that was really easy to build upon. "She’s my closest friend at Emmerdale and that really helps with portraying that sisterly bond," the soap star said in an interview with OK! Magazine. Of course, with Meena's storyline reaching its conclusion later this year, Rebecca has explained she will miss having Paige on set. The actress remarked: "It’s a bit strange, to say the least, to think that I’m not going to be with her. I can’t really imagine Meena not being part of Manpreet’s storyline or vice versa. "There was life before Meena and there will be life afterwards, I think. "I haven’t heard anything else on the contrary," the actress added in an interview with Inside Soap Magazine last month. With the storyline coming to an end, it is likely Rebecca will get even more of a fanbase and viewers will be calling for her to take part in more storylines. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.