The Queen’s youngest child Prince Edward and his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex visited Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and Antigua and Barbuda over the past week to mark the Queen’s seven decades on the throne. Similar to the royal tour carried out by Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge of Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas earlier this year, Sophie and Edward’s tour has faced accusations of harking back to Britain’s colonial past and failing to address the issue of slavery. Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu said the tours carried out by the Cambridges and the Wessexes had been an “embarrassment to the British monarchy”. Dr Mos-Shogbamimu told the PA news agency: "If the purpose of the trip is what we've seen which is basically a continuation of representing the legacy of the British Empire, then absolutely yes these tours should just end. "Quite frankly these royal tours that we've seen to date are an embarrassment to the British monarchy. "However if the royal tour was one that speaks to what many of these Afro-Caribbean nations are seeking to address, which is truth, reconciliation and justice, then you need to get on board those tours and make them work." Read More: Prince Harry 'refuses to bend' on Camilla title Prince William addressed the issue during his visit to Jamaica in March and expressed his “profound sorrow” over slavery. He reiterated that slavery was an “appalling atrocity” - words his father Prince Charles also said in Barbados last year as it became a republic. But many have argued these words did not go far enough, and the British monarchy is facing calls to formally apologise and make reparations for the part it played in slavery historically. Although now several weeks have passed since Kate and William’s tour, Prince Edward has faced criticism for failing to address the issue during his royal tour this week. Edward appeared uncomfortable when the Prime Minister of Antigua and Barbuda asked the Wessexes to use their “diplomatic influence” to achieve “reparatory justice”, while also pledging the nation’s wish to become a republic. Edward joked he had not been taking notes during Gaston Browne's opening comments, so could not respond to all the points he had made. Dr Mos-Shogbamimu accused Edward of "arrogance", saying: "He's not taking notes? What the hell is he doing there? “That was his response to very sensitive issues that pertain to people of that country." DON'T MISSQueen makes subtle nod to Kate and William's wedding anniversary [INSIGHT]Princess Anne dons patterned trousers & scarf with signature hairstyle [PICTURES]Queen's royal duties resume - key events in royal calendar [ANALYSIS] Graham Smith, chief executive of Republic, also criticised the Earl’s response. Reacting to the meeting, Mr Smith told the PA news agency: "Prince Edward's tour is almost as disastrous as William's, showing he is as out of touch and tone deaf as his nephew. "His complete disinterest in the very serious issues of colonial legacy and repatriations is an insult to Britain as much as it is to his Caribbean hosts. "It's time the Commonwealth ended its ties with the British monarchy and, in the interests of British diplomacy, it's time we stopped sending royals overseas on official engagements. "Clearly they're neither up to the task nor interested in engaging sincerely with those they visit." Sophie and Edward’s tour also faced controversy before it even began, when it was announced they would no longer visit Grenada shortly before they left the UK. In a notes to the editor’s section of a press release, Buckingham Palace said: "In consultation with the government of Grenada and on the advice of the governor-general, the Earl and Countess of Wessex's visit to Grenada has been postponed. "The Earl and Countess hope to visit at a later date." "Clearly they're neither up to the task nor interested in engaging sincerely with those they visit." Sophie and Edward’s tour also faced controversy before it even began, when it was announced they would no longer visit Grenada shortly before they left the UK. In a notes to the editor’s section of a press release, Buckingham Palace said: "In consultation with the government of Grenada and on the advice of the governor-general, the Earl and Countess of Wessex's visit to Grenada has been postponed. "The Earl and Countess hope to visit at a later date."