Prince Charles married Camilla Parker Bowles on April 9, 2005, and this year the couple will be marking their 17th wedding anniversary. While Charles and Camilla's wedding anniversary would usually be a happy occasion, this year the milestone will be tinged with sadness, as last year the couple's wedding anniversary fell on the day Charles' beloved father Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh died at the age of 99. Last year, the Palace announced the Duke's death in a statement that read: "It is with deep sorrow that Her Majesty The Queen announces the death of her beloved husband, His Royal Highness The Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. "His Royal Highness passed away peacefully this morning at Windsor Castle. "Further announcements will made in due course. The Royal Family join with people around the world in mourning his loss." Prince Philip's death prompted an outpouring of mourning, and tributes to the Duke came from far and wide.  READ MORE: Prince Andrew will not be seen at a public event again In the period leading up to Philip's death, Prince Charles was understood to be the Duke's only visitor during a hospital stay in February 2021 due to Covid restrictions at the time. Charles bravely addressed the press to pay tribute to his "dear Papa" shortly after his father's death, and he thanked people for their kind messages of support. The future King said: "My father for I suppose, the last 70 years, has given the most remarkable, devoted service to the Queen, to my family, and to the country and also to the whole of the Commonwealth. "And as you can imagine, my family and I miss my father enormously - he was a much-loved and appreciated figure, and apart from anything else, I can imagine he'd be so deeply touched by the number of other people here and elsewhere around the world in the Commonwealth who also, I think, share our loss and our sorrow.  "And my dear Papa was a very special person who I think, above all else, would have been amazed by the reaction and the touching things that are being said about him." The social media accounts of Royal Family members went quiet and they changed their avatars out of respect for the late Duke, so Charles and Camilla's Clarence House account did not share its traditional wedding anniversary post last year. The Clarence House account instead shared a black and white picture of Philip in his military uniform confirming the sad news of his death. On April 17, Prince Philip's ceremonial royal funeral was held at Windsor Castle in line with his wishes.  DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan have 'backed themselves into a corner' [ANALYSIS] Mia Tindall wore outfit belonging to Savannah Phillips to memorial [INSIGHT]Princess Charlotte's cute gesture to teary Beatrice [VIDEO] Only 30 guests were permitted to mourn in person due to lockdown restrictions at the time, and Charles and his siblings Princess Anne, Prince Andrew and Prince Edward led the royal procession behind Philip's coffin. Prince Harry, who flew in from the US from the event, also walked in the procession alongside Peter Phillips, Prince William, Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence and the Earl of Snowdon. The coffin was placed on a military green Land Rover which Philip had designed himself for the occasion, and the funeral service took place in St George's Chapel. The nation was moved to see the Queen sitting alone in the chapel, due to Covid restrictions at the time, as she bid farewell to her husband of more than seven decades. 