Based on true events, The Thief, His Wife and the Canoe is a new ITV four-part drama airing over four nights. It is a dramatisation of the real-life story of John Darwin (played by Eddie Marsan) and his five-year run of living as a 'dead man'. Many ITV viewers took to social media during the second episode to point out some plot holes in the show.  The second instalment in John Darwin's and his wife Anne's (Monica Dolan) story saw the pair travelling to multiple countries trying to find the best exotic location that would allow them to live their lives without John hiding. Panama ended up being their country of choice, and what at first looked like the ideal location to build their dream home soon backfired. Praising the actors online for their skills, the UK filming locations became a talking point on social media by observers. During the scene supposedly set in Sunderland, Ian Clennett quickly questioned the location and said: "That wasn't Sunderland town hall - it was @mbro_townhall with a dodgy sign outside. Outrageous #thethiefhiswifeandthecanoe." (sic) Read More: Philip Serrell wife: Who is the Bargain Hunt expert married to?   Another scene in Hartlepool also caught spectator @ChimeraCuddles' eyes, and they commented: "We don't have 80's cars in Hartlepool and also Fizzy Izzys (Ice cream restaurant in that shop) opened only in recent years. #thethiefhiswifeandthecanoe." (sic) Paul Mitchell added: Sunderland Town Hall… it's the Civic Centre! #TheThiefHisWifeAndTheCanoe." Seeing the many confused tweets, Thomas Bradley described: "Fun fact for anyone watching #thethiefhiswifeandthecanoe - most of the filming (including the houses they live in) is at the Headland (right next to Seaton) and not Seaton Carew itself. "You will all sleep better now that you know this useless piece of information."    Viewers applauded the acting skills of the two leads online, with many unable to "believe" that this was a true story with just how absurd it was. The premiere episode also came under fire from onlookers due to questionable accents. Fan Lucy Wrigley said on Twitter: "No one in Hartlepool talks like this… b****y hell. WE ARE NOT GEORDIES IN TEESSIDE #ITV #thethiefhiswifeandthecanoe." (sic) Chris C echoed Lucy and commented: "Can't believe @ITV got it so wrong with the accents on #thethiefhiswifeandthecanoe. They weren't from b****y Newcastle!" (sic) DON’T MISS…Reacher's Lee Child admits 'mixed blessing' of Amazon series 'Never got better!' [LATEST]'The Duke and Duchess of Netflix' Vine panellist blasts Harry and Meghan monetising royals [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton in double affair drama as she sleeps with two villagers [SPOILERS]   With the 2002 news story still fresh in some viewers' minds, the show has gained a strong online fanbase, with hundreds of observers sharing their thoughts on what happened. John faked his death to avoid paying the amount of debt that he was continuing to accrue. Doing all that he could to avoid bankruptcy, faking his death was the best option he decided. The show is narrated by his wife Anne, and scene by scene, viewers learn how she becomes more and more embroiled in the illegal plan.  