Water sign Pisces is the twelfth sign of the zodiac and encompasses those born between February 19 and March 20. This is what Pisces is like in love, according to astrology. Not one for casual flings, "Pisces in love is passionate, intense, and singular". Those in a relationship with this sign should be aware that their romantic escape will be far from lighthearted. "A relationship with a Pisces is a roller-coaster ride that will make you feel your feelings—even the bad ones—and help you emerge as a better, more honest person. "Even if a relationship with a Pisces doesn't last, the lessons you learn from a Pisces partner will." READ MORE: Dating is 'torture' for 'cagey' Cancer but 'plays for keeps' in love Pisces is often thought to be "clingy" in a relationship, however this is untrue. While they do see the world via a "split-screen" - "the world through their eyes, and the world through their partner's" - this sign remains "incredibly independent". Totally unselfish in love, they're "always trying to make the choices that are the best for both parties". Even when it comes to small decisions such as where to go for dinner or what film to watch, their choices are "made with that perspective in mind". Always seeking to better themselves, Pisces wants to be with someone who feels the same about self improvement. "A Pisces wants their partner to grow, and demands that their partner brings their very best self to the relationship." It may come across like Pisces is trying to push them away by encouraging them to develop new hobbies or make new social connections, but this is not the case. Even if it means spending time apart, Pisces will always have their partner's best interests at heart. The best way to hold onto a Pisces partner is honesty, as this sign "is especially hurt by any sort of deception". "If you love a Pisces woman, commit to having an egalitarian relationship where you will regularly examine, discuss, and decode each other's feelings - but where going deep will only make you closer. "If you love a Pisces man, the best way to get him to open up is to show your own vulnerability. "Hiding pieces of yourself can make it hard for a Pisces man to fully open up." Single Pisces on the hunt should look out for an unattached Virgo or Scorpio. Grounded Virgo can "stop Pisces from getting too mired in their emotions" and provide the "island anchor" the sign may feel they need. As for a Scorpio and Pisces love match: "Scorpio brings heat and passion to Pisces watery depths, and Pisces can get underneath Scorpio's surface in a way few other Zodiac signs can." Pisces also meshes well with someone with their same sign, because "who better to understand a fish than a fellow fish?" "This partnership can seem to develop like the moon—faint to see at first, only to be powerful and luminescent a few days later," stated horoscop.com.