The Kardashian family had viewers in awe for 14 years with their original reality show Keeping Up With The Kardashians which originally launched in 2007. Having come to an end last year, fans were rejoicing when the news broke that the fly-on-the-wall series would be returning but in a slightly different format. There is no need to be worried though as it will be available both in the US and the UK. Keeping Up With The Kardashians had been on E! and streaming service Hayu for 20 seasons, following the evolving lives of Kris, Kourtney, Kim, Khloé and their half-sisters Kendall and Kylie Jenner. Each of the women have grown up in front of the camera, getting married, raising families and starting up million-dollar businesses. In a statement, they revealed the show would be cancelled, having "decided as a family to end this very special journey". But just a matter of months later and the Kardashian-Jenner clan is back for more. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry   The Kardashians will premiere on Thursday, April 14, on the American streaming service Hulu. Season one is going to consist of 10 episodes with the first coming out on the release date. After this, a new instalment will be dropped every Thursday until Thursday, June 16 when the finale will air. Hulu is an American service and so isn't available to UK customers. There is no need to worry though as UK fans will have an alternative way of watching the reality show revamp. The Kardashians is also going to be made available on Disney+ with the same pattern of release dates as the US, kickstarting the show on April 14. To be able to watch the series, you must subscribe to the service which costs £7.99 per month. First-time customers are given a seven-day free trial before they have to make a commitment. DON'T MISS...Steve Fletcher opens up on getting sister Suzie Repair Shop role [FAMILY]How to watch all 19 seasons of NCIS online right now [EXPLAINER]Obi-Wan Kenobi release date: Disney delays premiere to rival Netflix [RELEASE DATE] So there will be no need to miss out on any of the drama, despite the famous family moving their drama to new platforms. Going by the series' synopsis, The Kardashians is going to pretty much pick up from where its predecessor show finished. The description reads: "The family you know, and love is here with a brand new series, giving an all-access pass into their lives. "Kris, Kourtney, Kim, Khloé, Kendall and Kylie bring the cameras back to reveal the truth behind the headlines. "From the intense pressures of running billion-dollar businesses to the hilarious joys of playtime and school drop-offs, this series brings viewers into the fold with a rivetingly honest story of love and life in the spotlight." The trailer has already teased what can be expected from this new chapter in the family's lives. Kourtney and Travis Barker will be trying for another baby, while Kim will be introducing American comedian Pete Davidson as her new partner. Kim officially filed for divorce from her rapper husband Kanye West in February 2021 who she shares four children with. The Kardashians premieres on Thursday, April 14, on Hulu in America and Disney+ in the UK. This article contains some affiliate links, which means we may receive a commission on any sales of products or services we write about. This article was written completely independently.