The Sagittarius Moon will magnetise you to more sociable settings, but be mindful when drawn to these areas as conflicting emotions influenced by passionate Mars in sensitive Pisces might make for miscommunications and impulsive outbursts. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for April 19. The Moon will spend the day in Sagittarius today, which might inspire you more to explore and experience new areas you might not usually. Cafe Astrology said: “This transit sparks our desire to learn and discover, and a change of scenery or break in the routine appeals.” The energy of Sagittarius tends to be more expansive, free, and visionary. Tarot.com said: “If you’re normally very pragmatic or cynical, you might find that you’re a little more optimistic than usual. READ MORE: Star sign: Best dog for each star sign - 'perfect' compatibility   “Your mind will start considering all the possibilities of a situation rather than just focusing on the potential roadblocks - your thoughts could end up in uncharted territory.” This explorative energy might lead you to new places – but remember the Pisces Mars influence can bear influence on more impulsive actions, so maybe think a little harder today before moving toward anything. The Sun will leave fiery Aries and enter Taurus at around 3.24am, where it will transit until May 20. In Taurus, the Sun is said to be more methodical, sensual, and receptive.  DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle horoscope: ‘More similar’ to half-sister than she thinks [ANALYSIS]Camilla's zodiac shows 'significant patience' - now a 'future Queen' [INSIGHT]Zodiac: Queen Elizabeth II is a true Taurus - 'powerfully resilient' [EXPLAINED]    Cafe Astrology said: “During this cycle, we’re more practically, materially, and sensually oriented. “The Taurus Sun takes its time – it’s deliberate yet languishing – and brings us patient and receptive energy. “Our security needs are strong, and we can be possessive or stubborn. Taurus is loyal to all that is familiar, valuing longevity.” The Sun-in-Taurus Moon cycle will be a good spiritual environment for maintaining, building, enjoying, and appreciating whatever is already in place.  Cafe Astrology said: “While the Taurus Sun is slow to warm up, it’s stable and persevering once it does. “We value what’s long-term, strong, and lasting during this phase. However, the shadow side of Taurus is possessiveness and bullheadedness, according to Cafe Astrology. High ideals and powerful determination can sweep in these transits, so it’s important to pick your battles wisely in order to not invite any unnecessary stress. Advising to watch out for this stubbornness, Tarot.com said: “Taurus is known for never giving up, and that’s a good thing... unless you’re wrong. “Be aware of being stubborn or having angry outbursts while the Sun is in Taurus. Make an extra effort to be more flexible now.” 