Max Verstappen has been warned that his Red Bull team-mate Sergio Perez is "closing the gap" and could be a rival for the championship this season. That declaration came from Ralf Schumacher, who believes the Mexican looks like a totally different racer in his RB18 this year. Perez enjoyed a fairly decent debut year with the team in 2021, winning in Baku and regularly scoring a handsome number of points to help Red Bull's constructor's title charge, even though the team did eventually fall short of that goal despite Verstappen's drivers' championship success. But he never managed to compete very much with Verstappen, who was comfortably the team's primary driver even if not officially so. It was understandable though, considering the Dutchman has been with the team for many years now and Perez had to get used to his new surroundings. The change in car regulations has created something of a level playing field, with both drivers needing to get used to the feel of the RB18. Verstappen again was ahead in Bahrain, but the Mexican found the pace to out-qualify his team-mate by a quarter of a second in Saudi Arabia. JUST IN: Max Verstappen has Red Bull 'escape clause' as Marko explains contract The defending champion came through to win the race, with Perez slipping down to fourth. However, things might have been very different had he not been hindered by an ill-timed Safety Car period which came just after he had pitted for new tyres. Schumacher, the younger brother of the seven-time world champion Michael, has been impressed by the progress the Mexican has made. "At Red Bull, you can see Perez is now closer to Verstappen. A lot has changed there this season," he wrote in his Sky Germany column. "Perez had a lot of bad luck with the Safety Car in Saudi Arabia. He was in front and had the pace. Whether it would have been enough for victory, I'm not sure. But he would certainly have finished on the podium." DON'T MISS:Marko tips Leclerc Ferrari position to make life tough for VerstappenMax Verstappen set to gain a 'significant advantage' in title battleF1 teams Pierre Gasly could join if Red Bull unable to offer chance In the same article, Schumacher turned his attention to Verstappen and sent another warning to the Dutchman. He criticised the defending champion for his choice of overtaking manoeuvres on Ferrari ace Charles Leclerc which, despite being exciting for spectators, were poorly judged and timed in his opinion. "With Verstappen, it was noticeable in Jeddah that he tried to overtake three times before Turn 27, although Leclerc was then always able to fight back with DRS on the start-finish straight. That was incomprehensible to me," the six-time F1 Grand Prix winner added. "I was a bit surprised. I thought Verstappen made a big step in the right direction last year with overtaking manoeuvres. In Saudi Arabia and Bahrain, he didn't do that so well. Dr Helmut Marko said Verstappen had planned it with his engineer, but I thought it was very strange. In my opinion, he still has to do something to improve because he almost ruined his tyres. That is also a senseless strain on the tyres."