Prime Minister Jean Castex confirmed on April 26, a mere two days after President Macron's election victory, the creation of a so-called "Digital Identity Guarantee Service" (SGIN). It will allow French people to have a digital ID card in compliance with the EU Commission's European Digital Identity package. The move sparked the fury of Les Patriotes leader Florian Philippot who called on French voters to fight against the new legislation. He said: "Just after the election, the government announces the launch of 'a digital identity application'! "The goal: to put social credit in the Chinese way. Control and surveillance company! "Let's totally reject this application and fight by any means!" Some French voters also voiced their dissent over the new digital ID plans. French Twitter user Chrisoff wrote: "One more step towards absolute control of citizens." Twitter user The Q2 Observer echoed: "A decree has been published for the creation of the SGIN, the mobile app that will scan the biometric ID to access public or private services. "In France for the moment, soon the same everywhere. "What is optional and trivial at the beginning will be essential and cumbersome in the long term. Resist!" And Twitter user John Aimare added: "It's all starting to get very dystopian... The SGIN to connect to Twitter, Facebook or any other social exchange platform. "The DSA providing the framework to monitor and punish you." French voters will head to the polls again in June for the parliamentary elections where Mr Macron's party faces the risk of losing its majority to either Marine Le Pen or Jean-Luc Melenchon. According to o an Elabe opinion poll published on Wednesday, six out of 10 French people do not want President Macron's party to win a majority at the June election. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin urged to bomb 'totally boorish Britain'  The poll shows that 61 percent of French voters would prefer that parliament elections on June 12 and June 19 result in a majority of members of parliament in opposition to Mr Macron. That percentage rises to 69 percent among working-class voters and close to 90 percent among far-right and far-left voters. Following President Macron's win in presidential elections this month, his LREM ruling party hopes to win an outright majority again, as it had during Mr Macron's first term. If LREM and its Modem party ally do not win a majority, the French President would be forced to make a coalition agreement with other parties. Far-left leader Melenchon has said that he wants to be Mr Macron's prime minister in a coalition government that could block or water down many of the reforms that President Macron wants to push through, notably the increase of the retirement age. DON'T MISS:Putin humiliated after ‘overestimating’ Chechen army [INSIGHT]Russia threatens to bomb Britons in 'immediate' attack [ANALYSIS]Katya Adler pinpoints why Europe is on brink of oil ban [VIDEO] The President paid a surprise visit to a Socialist-held working-class suburb of Paris on Wednesday on his first official outing since his re-election, in an effort to woo left-wing voters ahead of June's parliamentary vote. He strolled around a food market in the town of Cergy, shaking hands, chatting with young people and posing with them for selfies, in what the Elysee palace said was a way to show he was "listening to people's concerns, expectations and needs". Mr Macron, a centrist, has long faced accusations of being too aloof and elitist, charges that discouraged some left-wing voters from backing him in Sunday's runoff vote against far-right candidate Marine Le Pen. "I want to give a message of respect and consideration to these areas that are among the poorest in the country right from the start of my new mandate," Mr Macron told reporters in Cergy, where Mr Melenchon won almost half of the votes in the first round of the presidential election.