Nicola stars as high-flying layer Hannah Defoe who is separating from husband Nathan (Stephen Mangan). While she knows it will be tough working as a divorce lawyer and leaving her partner of many years, what she doesn't expect is for him to fall in love. Fans know from the trailer for the third and final season of The Split, Nathan falls for another woman, leaving Hannah devastated. Reflecting on the storyline, Nicola told Express.co.uk she "hated" seeing Nathan with newcomer Kate (Laura Pulver). When asked if it was tough seeing Stephen working with someone else, the actress explained: "Yes, we've been three seasons. "Whatever anyone watching thinks about their marriage, they love each other and it's really complicated. "Whether or not they should stay with each other is another thing. They've been with each other forever, they've grown up together." Nicola continued: "They've done that thing that couples when they get together when they're very young, they're sort of the same person and they become a real unit. "When it's not working it's part of each other is dying off. That's what so awful." "I hated seeing him," she said of Stephen's character. "I love Laura Pulver, I love adore, respect and love her but hated seeing Stephen doing scenes with Laura. "It was really uncomfortable because Hannah loves him, she wants to scream at him and throw things at him but that is love sometimes isn't it." Stephen hit back: "It's payback for two seasons of trying to snog Christie's face off." But Nicola reminded him of Nathan's attempts to seduce Hannah's sister Nina (Annabel Scholey). "You tried it on with my sister on the trampoline. No one ever mentions that," the Unforgotten star recalled. "I'm still carrying that. You did try it on with your sister." In the final six episodes, BBC viewers will see Hannah and Nathan begin to divide up their 20 years together.  DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star Ralf Little on ‘vindication’ of Neville [INSIGHT]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [NEWS]Channel 4 air Grease despite calls to never be shown again [REACTION] Hannah faces what she is about to lose and a shocking revelation dramatically changes the stakes. As the battle lines are redrawn, fans will be left wondering if their dream of achieving the 'good divorce' is even possible. Will they find a path through the wreckage, or is The Split simply too deep to repair? Writer Abi Morgan always planned for The Split to be three series but admitted it still feels sad to let it go. She explained: "I think it’s like the end of any good relationship, it’s conflicted! I feel really happy and proud and excited to be showing this final series.  "I always intended it to be this three-arc structure, that was about the legacy of a marital split that permeates Hannah’s life, and then that triggers her own split within her own relationship, and then subsequent split in her marriage. "Now it comes to it though, the hardest thing is letting go of the characters and the alchemy of that collaboration of actors. "They’re very inspiring to write for and Nicola  at the helm in the role of Hannah really sets the tone, so I feel really sad to let go of those characters!" The Split airs Monday 4 April on BBC One at 9pm.