Lewis Hamilton has joked that he may have to break F1's jewellery rule because he “really can't take out” his body piercings. Drivers were by the FIA ahead of the Australian Grand Prix that is is forbidden to wear jewellery while in their cars. Hamilton said: “Well I’ve got certain piercings that I really just can’t take out, that not many people know of… Nah I’m kidding! It’s been the rule forever, since I’ve been here it’s been the rule, so nothing new. I’m just going to come with more jewellery next week.” Wittich highlighted the FIA ruling in his weekend notes to teams in an apparent crackdown on the rule. It is understood he referenced it in Jeddah last time out but this is the first time he has specifically highlighted it in the race notes. Wittich noted: “The wearing of jewellery in the form of body piercing or metal neck chains is prohibited during the competition and may therefore be checked before the start.” It is believed the crackdown comes after many drivers were spotted infringing the rules. The law came into effect in 2005 but the rules have not been checked as thoroughly as other rules. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton warned of 'vicious cycle' Mercedes are battling Safety is a heightened concern for the FIA since Romain Grosjean’s fiery accident at the 2020 Bahrain Grand Prix. It is possible jewellery could cause further injury to drivers during a high-speed accident. Rings or necklaces could also prevent a driver from escaping a cockpit if it got caught. The Briton has been highlighted by many as one of the most affected drivers on the grid. The seven-time champion has been spotted wearing earrings on the grid moments before the start of a race. Several drivers have also been spotted wearing rings which are also banned under the rules. Any driver found to be wearing the jewellery could be sent to the stewards for an investigation. DON'T MISSRed Bull may have even bigger advantage over Mercedes at Australian GP [INSIGHT]Mercedes 'still adapting' to new F1 schedule which hinders solution [ANALYSIS]Russell's grim Australian GP prediction for himself and Hamilton [COMMENT] However, drivers are likely to only be issued personal fines for breaking the rules instead of sporting penalties. Wittich has already made an impact since taking over from axed race director Michael Masi this season. He addressed safety issues at the last race in Jeddah, demanding drivers not slow down too much to create room to the car in front. Current World Endurance Championship race director Eduardo Freitas is also an F1 director for 2022 and will take control at select races.