 TV presenter Danny Dye breakthrough role was as a small-time drug dealer called Moff in the 1990s comedy classic Human Traffic. More recently, the 44-year-old actor stars as Queen Vic’s landlord Mick Carter in BBC soap EastEnders. However, Danny could be set to embark on a new TV venture according to the bookies at Ladbrokes who have put the star in the front running as the next Time Lord in Doctor Who.   After Jodie Whittaker announced she would be stepping down from her role as the Doctor, Whovians have been speculating who will be next to take on the sci-fi time travelling figure. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: “We’d be baffled if Danny after swaps Albert Square for the sonic screwdriver. However, the bookmakers went on to add: “But plenty of punters are seemingly convinced he’s a potential candidate to replace Jodie Whittaker.” The odds of Danny Dyer playing Doctor Who next is at an impressive 20/1. READ MORE:Emmerdale theory: Maya Stepney returns to take down Meena Jutla  When Danny Dyer confirmed he’d soon be leaving his role on the long-running soap some have been wondering if he could be in line for the role of Doctor Who. The actor’s exit scenes are set to air on the long-running BBC soap later this year. Speaking to his daughter Danni on their podcast, Sorted With The Dyers, he said: “I am leaving EastEnders. “I’m very lucky, I’m very grateful, in a sense of, when you’re in a job like a soap your contract comes up for renewal, and every time my contract has come up for renewal they have asked me to stay, and I’m very grateful for that, because I’ve seen a lot of people come and go,” he  “It’s very tough.” “So, I always debate whether I want to sign again and I’ve been contemplating for a while now about maybe it’s time to roll the dice, take the leap.”   While Doctor Who showrunner Russell T Davies is yet to announce Jodie’s replacement, The Wall host could be at the top of the billing. The It’s a Sin creator is returning as a scriptwriter for the new series after ratings dropped drastically on New Year’s Day. Moreover, it may come as no surprise to fans to see some of the actors who helped make his programmes so successful feature prominently on the list. Olly Alexander, Lydia West and Omari Douglas have all been predicted to take the reins.  Years and Years singer Olly has been given highly promising odds at 4/1 while his co-star Omari is slightly behind at 5/1. Despite being one of the bookmakers’ favourites, Olly shut down the rumours but shared his thoughts on who should be the thirteenth incarnation of the Doctor. He said: “I’m definitely not going to be the new Doctor, but it’s going to be so amazing, Russell’s Doctor!. “I’m definitely backing Omari Douglas.” Meanwhile, former Time Lord Jodie called for another It’s A Sin cast member Lydia, who was also “noted” by Russell. The outgoing Doctor shared her thoughts on the next leading star when she was interviewed on BBC Radio One. When asked about who she would select, she said: "I’m going to pick an actress who I think is really exciting and I think would be phenomenal. She revealed: “An actress called Lydia West – if I had the power!"