Arsenal's search for a striker has led them to Gabriel Jesus and a £35million bid is set to be tabled for Manchester City's Brazilian frontman in the summer transfer window, according to reports. With the Citizens being heavily linked with Erling Haaland ahead of the new season, Pep Guardiola would inevitably give former Palmeiras star Jesus less minutes through next season as a result. The Norwegian star would almost undoubtedly be City's main striker and despite Jesus' ability to play out wide, his minutes would be impacted. And Arsenal are weighing up a move for Jesus, who has 93 goals in 230 games for City since his move over five years ago. According to football.london, the 25-year-old will be the subject of a £35m bid this summer. The report states that Jesus and Roma star Tammy Abraham are among those shortlisted to replace the goals lost when Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang moved to Barcelona. Jesus is said to be open to leaving City, with his agent holding talks with the Gunners' director of football Edu over the last few months. Arsenal's first enquiry was in November, with Edu maintaining a close relationship with Jesus and his agent since then. READ MORE: Terry tells Chelsea to give in to Rudiger's demands ahead of exit  Jesus, 25, joined City for a fee of £27m in January 2017 from Palmeiras. He is expected to earn increased minutes between now and the end of the season at City due to their pile-up of fixtures as they hunt for a Premier League and Champions League double. Having played second fiddle to Aguero for much of his City career, Jesus was expected to become City's main talisman this season following the Argentine's departure to Barcelona. "From my beginning I played in different attacking positions, but, yes, you ask me my preference, I am more used to being a nine and I like it more too," Jesus said recently to Marca. "I have that versatility to play on the wings, but I prefer to be a nine. I've been here for five years and not long, I came very young, at 19, and both the club and the players have won many titles. The Champions League is missing, we were left at the gates last year and this year we are in the semis. I am focused on the end of the season, on these games, which are all decisive. Later we will see what happens regarding renewal or closing a cycle." Jesus then went on to advocate the potential signing of Haaland, with the Norwegian being heavily linked with a move to the Etihad Stadium after two-and-a-half years of excellence at Borussia Dortmund. "He is a player with a lot of quality, with a lot of strength, a scorer," said Jesus. "He is a 9 who scores goals, and if he comes it will be a great success for the club. I encourage it to be so. I don't know [anything]. They say that they are in negotiations and I do not pay attention to who goes and who comes."