Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has split from his wife of 13 years with friends remarking that there is no way back for the couple. Divorce proceedings began a week ago to add to the German's woes. Chelsea boss Tuchel has split from his wife Sissi after a relationship that lasted 13 years. The former journalist quit her job in Germany to move to England in August but the marriage has since fallen apart. The former Paris Saint-Germain manager has been dealing with a lot in the past few months, including the fallout of Roman Abramovich's sanctions. The onus has largely fell on Tuchel's shoulders with board members refusing to answer questions from reporters. And while his future at Stamford Bridge remains up in the air amid the ongoing situation with their ownership, Tuchel has also had to deal with the collapse of his marriage. According to the Daily Mail, his wife Sissi began divorce proceedings last week. Friends remarked that "all avenues are exhausted" and there are no hopes over reconciliation. A source told the publication: "Sissi and Thomas have tried to avoid splitting but in the end there was no other way. It is very sad and now it is all about making sure their daughters are the top priority. Papers were lodged last week to get the divorce under way." Tuchel earns a reported £7million-a-year and now faces an expensive divorce case after his partner gave up her job at German newspaper Suddeutsche Zeitung to support their family. It means that Mrs Tuchel could be entitled to a chunk of the coach's future earnings. It has been reported that the two are keen to keep the divorce as civil as possible. But it has been a rollercoaster of a journey since Tuchel made the move to the Premier League. Initially, the German coach lived in a hotel in his first few months in charge after being handed an 18-month contract. His wife only joined him for good in August - seven months after his appointment. The couple tied the knot in 2009 in Tuchel's coaching infancy having joined Mainz that year as well, where he made his name before moving to Borussia Dortmund six years later. They have two daughters, who were all present on the Porto pitch after Chelsea won the Champions League last year. The Blues were most recently thrashed at home by Brentford in the Premier League to throw some doubt on whether they will finish in the top four or not. But amid this and Abramovich's troubles, it has been a season of many highs and lows for several reasons.