Iwan Thomas, 48, recently revealed he and his partner had welcomed their second son, Dougie, who was born in January. The Olympic sprinter admitted becoming a dad has changed his life in a way that his mindset was “totally shifted”. Iwan admitted that as a high performance athlete he used to be “very selfish” but now his world revolves around his two sons. Speaking exclusively with Express.co.uk, Iwan said fatherhood “puts things into perspective” as he gushed over his eldest child, three-year-old Teddy. He said: “Being a dad just totally shifts your mindset about everything really. You know, I've spent my whole life being you know, a sportsman and having to be very selfish and single minded and focused on myself only but obviously now being a dad. “Nothing’s about me anymore. It’s all about the boys, which is great. And yeah, it does make, you know, puts things into perspective. “And yeah, I love it. It's really good. Like three-year-old Teddy's like just a bag of energy. “I don't know what to do in this world, but he's definitely going to do something because he's a very special boy.” Iwan was dealt a huge blow soon after Teddy was born as he was diagnosed with group B Strep. The bacteria, which is not often tested for during pregnancy, left baby Teddy in intensive care for 10 days after he was born on Boxing Day in 2018. The infection can potentially lead to meningitis, pneumonia and sepsis, but can be detected through a screening test. But now, looking to the future, Iwan wants to focus on being a good dad and continue to exercise, raising awareness for others too. He told Express.co.uk: “I think for me, obviously, the main focus for me is to try and be the best dad that I can be really to my boys, but I'll continue, obviously, for me exercise will always be a part of my life. “A lot of people message me saying, ‘Oh, it’s so hard, I don't think I can go to the gym, I can't, I don't feel I'd fit in’. READ MORE...'Same Academy took 40 years to ban Polanski' Piers Morgan slams Oscars [INSIGHT]Michael Bublé in disbelief over Elton John's help amid son's cancer [UPDATE]The Chase's Mark Labbett bids a relieved farewell to Richard Osman [LATEST] “But I would just say to everybody, this study has proven a sport is good for your mind, not just your body. And the more you do, the better, you'll feel. “Listen to your body, the new office have to rest and take some time out. But once you get into it, you can absolutely love it. “And I just think I'll continue to hopefully try and spread the message to get people talking as well.” The sports star also encouraged people to reach out to their loved ones, as well as checking in with them. He went on: “You know, if you're not if you're not feeling great, pick up that phone, reach out to someone because, you know, even for myself, a friend phoned me out of the blue last week, just what's up what you want nothing, just phoning for a chat. And that's really nice. “So I think it's really important for people to realise you don't always know what someone's going through. “And just a simple call or a little text saying, ‘I hope you have a nice day’ can make a massive difference." The TV pundit concluded: “So yeah, just just be nice to people.”