Fears are growing among airline staff that British tourists could face huge queues at Spanish airports this summer due to passport chaos. Queues could be particularly bad at hotspots such as Malaga and Alicante. Javier Gándara, president of the Líneas Aéreas association, has warned that more National Police officers are needed to check passengers’ passports. He said: “It will be the first summer when passports for travellers to the UK have to be checked and the first when air traffic is likely to be normal, now that the British Government has lifted all the restrictions imposed because of the pandemic. “There have already been problems at the airports over Easter and we need to avoid this happening in peak season. “That’s why it’s important that enough police officers are assigned to handle the high numbers of passengers.” READ MORE: Costa Blanca tourist tax sparks fury as Alicante says it's 'a mistake' Almost 3,000 passengers missed their flights at Madrid airport over Easter due to long queues as passport control. British tourists must get their passports stamped on entry and exit from the EU since the Brexit transition period ended. Last summer, tourists faced chaos in the Canary Islands with long queues for passport and health checks. British tourists are the biggest international market in Spain’s Costa del Sol and account for 30 percent of arrivals. In 2019, almost three million visitors arrived from the UK and this year there are three percent more airline seats available than pre-pandemic. The EU reportedly has plans to automate the passport procedure but until then Britons could face lengthy queues. Britons must make sure that their passport is stamped on entry and exit to Spain or the EU could assume they overstayed. Overstaying the 90 out of every 180 days limit could result in fines, travel bans or detainment for Britons. Passengers flying to popular destinations from the UK have also faced chaos this year due to staff shortages. Staff issues at Manchester airport and on both easyJet and British Airways flights have led to huge queues. easyJet and British Airways have both cancelled a lot of flights to popular European destinations. Britons are advised to arrive at the airport with time to spare if they want to make their flight. Spain is one of the UK’s most popular holiday destinations and easyJet data states that over 30 percent of Britons plan to travel there this year. The Costa del Sol and Costa Blanca are two of the UK’s favourite Spanish destinations and are likely to be busy this summer. British tourists will need to be fully vaccinated to travel to Spain or have a recent recovery certificate. They no longer need to wear a mask indoors in Spain except on public transport or in healthcare settings.