Gabby (played by Rosie Bentham) told Dawn Taylor (Olivia Bromley) they were not to tell Kim Tate (Claire King) that her son Jamie (Alexander Lincoln) was still alive in recent weeks on Emmerdale. With this information turning the tables, she knows when Thomas Tate's father comes back into the picture, he will fight for custody of his son and she will be left with nothing. In recent years on the ITV soap, viewers have seen Gabby become a lot more ruthless and she could embrace this side of her personality to get her hands on Home Farm. Since Jamie supposedly died last year, Gabby has become Kim's right-hand woman and the pair have developed a great bond. Despite not thinking the young woman was good enough for her son, the owner of Home Farm has been charmed by Gabby's determination and bolshy attitude. It has reminded her of what she was like when she was younger and therefore, she should know how the troublemaker could turn on her in an instant. Even though Kim doesn't yet know Jamie is alive, Gabby could start putting plans in place to ensure she has assets in her son's name before his father returns. The power and the fortune don't really matter to the mother of one but claiming Home Farm as her own would be an achievement no one has ever managed against Kim. READ MORE: Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series Speaking about her character's latest storyline, the actress who plays Gabby, Rosie, hinted something like this could actually happen. The soap star explained: "I feel this could bring back Gabby's nasty, scheming side as she would have to fight for her place at Home Farm, and most importantly fight for her son. "She feels she can give her opinion to Kim and stand her ground, but also is wary about how far she can take it in disagreements without making Kim snap at her. "Gabby is grateful for everything Kim has done for her, and she loves being at Home Farm," the actress continued to Digital Spy. She also added how Gabby has "negotiated her role at Home Farm very well", meaning if anyone was going to jump in and take it, it would be her. However, to do this would be no mean feat as Kim is usually steps ahead of anyone who has tried to get one over her in the past. This time, though, knowledge would be power and Gabby would be able to carry out her plan without being noticed because she and Dawn are the only ones who know Jamie is alive. This means Kim wouldn't be suspicious if Gabby were to give her a drink with a drug in it which would allow the young woman to manipulate the businesswoman. In her drugged up state, Kim might not even realise she is signing over the deeds of Home Farm to the mother of her grandson. When she comes around, she could have forgotten the whole ordeal, not even realising she had been drugged by Gabby. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten posts health update after hospital rush [COMMENT]Paige Sandhu health: Soap star on 'terrible' anxiety - symptoms [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT] Kim could carry on as normal, having no idea she is no longer the owner of Home Farm and Gabby wouldn't tell her until she needed to. In the coming months, it is likely Jamie will return to the village and his mother will welcome him back with open arms. Wanting to keep him around, she would be willing to do anything and if he tells her to get rid of Gabby, she could do just that. Unfortunately, this is when the mother of one would turn around to Kim and tell her she needs to move out of their home. Confused, the penny would finally drop when Kim sees the paperwork with her signature on it, stating in ink she signed away her rights to Home Farm. The ruthless businesswoman would be furious and will want revenge but legally, she would need to leave the premises with her son. Although she still has money, there would be technically nothing she could do to get her hands back on the property. A lawyer could tell her the only way she is getting Home Farm back is if Gabby sells up and this is very unlikely to happen. With no evidence she was drugged either, Kim wouldn't be able to go to the police and tell them Gabby stole the property from her by illegal means. Could Kim have finally met her match and will she blame Jamie for being the reason Gabby stole Home Farm from her? Taking to Twitter, viewers seem to be sharing their thoughts on the possibility of Jamie returning in the future and wrecking havoc. Pauline wrote: "Gabby is only worried if Jamie comes back Kim would welcome him with open arms. She will have to share his inheritance. She knows he'd never get custody #emmerdale." Fiona added: "If Gabby wants Jamie to stay dead, then why did she go looking for him to see if he was alive? #emmerdale." Conor posted: "Gabby will be forever obsessed with Jamie." But is this an indication she will do anything to stop him from taking her life of luxury and status away from her? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.