Just what has happened to Henry Cavill’s Superman? Having starred in Zack Snyder’s DCEU trilogy, which saw its third act redeemed by a new cut, is that really it for his take on the Man of Steel? The James Bond favourite has said time and again he’d love to come back for more adventures as Kal-El, but will Warner Bros allow it? WARNING: POTENTIAL SPOILERS AHEAD. At one point there were rumours of a Man of Steel 2 and then JJ Abrams’ Superman movie with a possible black lead played by someone like Michael B Jordan. Now a new report sees insider sources claim that script issues are haunting the latter project, but that this has no effect on Cavill’s future as Superman. Warner Bros certainly seem happy to have different realities across the DC multiverse existing simultaneously after Joker and The Batman. And next year we’re getting The Flash with Ben Affleck and Michael Keaton both reprising Bruce Wayne, in a film rumoured to meddle with the comic book movies’ timeline. Ezra Miller’s Barry Allen is set to flash back in time to prevent his mother’s death, but this is bound to cause issues for the DC multiverse, especially if at least two Batmans are involved. Just like Marvel’s MCU movies, both franchises are opening up different realities so that more than one version of the same character can exist at the same time. Another recent alleged leak claims in a new timeline Zod kills Superman at birth, and Kal-El’s cousin becomes Supergirl instead. Interestingly, Kara Zor-El aka Kara Danvers will be played by Sasha Calle in The Flash and featured with Barry and his variant in the first teaser trailer. Now, Geekosity’s sources are also claiming that Cavill’s Superman and Affleck’s Batman (who may not become the Dark Knight in the new timeline) are somehow safe in a “pocket universe”. What this means is that Warner Bros can do something else with DC in a new timeline led by Supergirl and Batgirl, played by Leslie Grace in an HBO Max movie with Keaton’s Bruce Wayne later this year. And at the same time, the studio can somehow preserve the original SnyderVerse or DCEU with Cavill’s Superman and Affleck’s Batman should they wish to use them in the future. The outlet claims: “Warner Bros. has no beef against Henry Cavill. They just don’t know what to do with Superman. Snyder does. DC Films isn’t throwing Henry Cavill in a pod and rocketing him elsewhere.” Of course, all these claims should be taken with a pinch of salt, but you never know. DON'T MISSHenry Cavill ‘born to play James Bond’ says Daniel Craig director [JAMES BOND]Next James Bond: Henry Cavill responds to 007 story pitch – WATCH [HENRY CAVILL]James Bond: Henry Cavill ‘I was FAT-SHAMED at Casino Royale audition’ [BOND AUDITION] Meanwhile, Gal Gadot will return in Wonder Woman 3 and Jason Momoa in Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom. Both these characters are in the SnyderVerse Justice League and their solo movies have been successful, so don’t expect them to disappear anytime soon. And who knows, maybe somehow Robert Pattinson’s The Batman can join the multiverse mayhem in the future too? The Flash hits cinemas on June 23, 2023. SOURCE