Barcelona are interested in Manchester United pair Anthony Elanga and Scott McTominay, according to reports. The Catalan giants are facing a fight to keep hold of Frenkie de Jong, who is a top Erik ten Hag transfer target. And a swap deal could take place at the end of the campaign. Manchester United are eyeing De Jong to improve their midfield at a time where Nemanja Matic is set to leave and Paul Pogba is likely to follow him out of the exit door. Barcelona have apparently been bracing themselves for the Red Devils to try using Harry Maguire, Alex Telles or Marcus Rashford as bait into letting their prized midfielder leave. But, now, Gerard Romero has claimed on Twitch that Barcelona are genuinely interested in McTominay and Elanga - and that talks over the pair may begin in the ‘coming days’. While McTominay still struggles for consistency, he’s a good professional with time on his side to develop. United won’t want to let the Scotland international go as a result. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings However, if it means securing De Jong, it’s possible the Red Devils can be taken to the negotiating table. Elanga has been a shining light for United since the appointment of Ralf Rangnick, who replaced Ole Gunnar Solskjaer earlier in the season. The Sweden international penned a new contract with the club in December, having previously been overlooked by Solskjaer. But while it’s hard to imagine United letting the winger go, their desire to see De Jong arrive could change matters. What ultimately happens remains to be seen. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag But De Jong reuniting with Ten Hag could see the Netherlands international realise his true potential again. While he’s been good for Barcelona at times, the 24-year-old has recently found himself in the spotlight after a series of underwhelming displays. And with Barcelona needing to make a big sale by June 30 in order to balance the books, a move to Old Trafford may be on the cards. Speaking last weekend, Xavi insisted he wanted De Jong to stay. The Barcelona boss said: “He’s very important, he has to mark an era at the club. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He is at a very good level and must continue. He can be one of the best midfielders in the world in the future. “If it were up to me, he would continue at Barcelona for many more years.” And former Barcelona boss Ronald Koeman, who struck up a close bond with De Jong during their time at the Nou Camp, also thinks the La Liga giants have no plans to let the player go. "I don't think Barca want to sell Frenkie," he stated. "I think Xavi has said that he is the future." THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "Frenkie is a great player, a great midfielder. He goes through some games where he has not been at his level but there is no doubt about Frenkie. "I have no doubts, for me he is a permanent fixture in the national team and I hope he comes back [to form] as he has played many games.” De Jong has been at Barcelona since arriving from Ajax in 2019. And he’s won just one trophy since, claiming Copa del Rey glory in 2021 with Koeman at the helm.