The company’s commercial clients range from hotels and care homes to airports and prisons – all of them trying to combat the resilient creepy-crawlies that are particularly partial to human blood. But once Merlin’s hounds, schooled in the bugs’ sweet, musty scent, expose them, the company brings in heaters and efficiently targets infested areas to kill them off. “Our non-toxic solutions make us unique in the pest sector. They offer far greater control, without any of the environmental impact or creating resistance in predatory species,” explains Merlin’s managing director Adam Juson. Based on a former farm in West Sussex, Merlin is home to a team of 16 dogs. Here the company trains them and their trainers together with eight handlers who usually carry out 12 jobs a day and 200,000 plus inspections a year.  After Brexit complexities hit Merlin’s European business, Covid reduced demand from the hospitality and aviation sectors. “Our team had to learn new protocols, but the experience taught us the importance of being diversified,” says Juson. “As one door shut another opened. We now have care home clients, a white label service for prisons and commissions from student accommodation providers. “Awareness of environmental factors was growing before Covid, but the pandemic compounded that. “That has been to our advantage. Clients want to strengthen their environmental credentials. “Recognition has grown about the advantages of our non-pesticide approach which means there’s no waiting after treatment for any toxin to disperse.  “A 700-room hotel for example would need two of our teams. We need to make regular visits so it all contributes to saving clients a lot of time.” The smell of success is once again in the air as demand returns and the Merlin expands. A £2million turnover is forecast for 2024 and plans are in the works to open a branch in Sweden this year. “Environment is top of the agenda in Sweden which makes them a good fit with us,” says Juson. A return to doing business in Germany, possibly followed by France is also on the cards. While humans have just six million olfactory receptors, dogs’ have 300 million, an epic capability which enables Merlin’s team to focus and nip even low-level infestations in the bud. “Compact springer and cocker spaniels like ferreting in holes and are the best for our work,” adds Juson. “Setting up a training unit on site has enabled us to gain a far greater understanding of scent and push standards of reliability and accuracy.” The former molecular pharmacologist started Merlin with his wife Catherine and mother Ann in 1998 after detecting bed bugs in his seat during a flight. Investment will continue to be self-funded and, as a respected and proven disrupter, Juson now has ambitions to drive higher standards within the pest control industry, a sector still governed by traditional thinking. “Bed bugs are evolving, their shells are getting thicker,” he observes. “I could see an ever greater amount of toxins were not going to work or be right for the environment. There had to be a better way. “Our business is principle first and only after profit.” 