Speaking at the Invictus Games, in The Hague, the Duke of Sussex, 37, said he would “never, ever rest” until he has made the world a better place for his children Archie and Lilibet. Harry made the comments in an interview with two young Dutch reporters who asked the Duke about his hopes for the next generation. Sophia and Jay, from the Dutch title Kindercorrespondent, questioned the Duke about his wish for his two-year-old son and ten-month-old daughter. He replied: "To grow up in a better world. To grow up in a fairer world, a safer world, a more equal world. “It's not going to be easy, but I will never, ever, ever rest until I as a parent have at least tried to make the world a better place for them. “Because it is our responsibility that the world is the way that it is now. I don't think we should be bringing children into the world unless we are going to make that commitment to make it better for them." Author, journalist and historian Alexander Larman claims the Duke “seemed incapable of restricting himself to the matter at hand” in the interview. He pointed out how his wife Meghan was spotted playing with kids and their families at the Invictus Games on Sunday. The mum-of-two told the attendees she wanted to pop in to the private event because she was missing Archie and Lili, who had not made the journey to the Netherlands with their parents. He claims this was a “bland PR-friendly statement” before adding that Harry’s ambitions for the future was “specious talk”. READ MORE: Inside Queen's 96th birthday plans with Royal Family In a piece for the Spectator, Mr Larman wrote: “While Meghan restricted herself to the bland, PR-friendly statement that she enjoyed being around children at the games because she was missing her own kids, her husband seemed incapable of restricting himself to the matter at hand. “With all of his loose and specious talk of ‘stealing futures’, the Duke seemed to suggest that there should be some kind of reckoning for those irresponsible enough to reproduce unless the world was to be altered beyond recognition imminently.” Children were a prominent feature in the couple’s visit to the Games, and at one point the pair were driven around a small track by children in mini Land Rover vehicles. The couple sat in separate mini-vehicles and helped the children driving them to navigate the course. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle’s first ‘reality check’ that foreshadowed shock exit [INSIGHT] Prince Harry warned of 'boundaries' in reclaim of royal life [REVEAL] 'Cheeky Harry's clearly missing!’ Prince 'serious’ in new interview [ANALYSIS] During this trip, which marks the first time the pair have been on European soil together since quitting royal duties in 2020, the pair have also spoken about their children. In an interview for Hoda Kotb that aired Wednesday on TODAY, Harry spoke about life with his son Archie, during the pandemic, and how he shares a similar personality. While during his speech at the opening ceremony of the Games, he opened up more about Archie, who will turn 3 next month, and what his career aspirations are in the future. He said: “When I talk to my son Archie about what he wants to be when he grows up, some days it’s an astronaut, other days it’s a pilot — a helicopter pilot obviously.” The latter comment nods to Harry’s experience as an Apache helicopter pilot during his stint in the army. Also in an interview with PEOPLE, Harry revealed his daughter Lilibet has “taken her first steps” and is “trying to keep up with Archie”. The Prince also told the outlet he "can't wait" to take his children to the Invictus Games in the future. Harry is the founder of the Invictus Games, an international sporting event for wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women, both serving and veterans. The first event took place in 2014, and this year’s event was twice postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic.