Arsenal legend Ray Parlour reckons his former side should be in the market for Brentford striker Ivan Toney this summer. Arsenal are set to be in the market for two new forwards, with Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus also targeted. Toney has 12 goals and four assists to his name in his first season in the Premier League with Brentford. And with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both out of contract this summer, Parlour thinks the 26-year-old is the type of player Mikel Arteta needs to sign. The Athletic claims Arsenal will be attempting to sign two new players up front. But Parlour is wary of the competition the Gunners will face for some of their top targets. He said on talkSPORT: “The strikers they’ll be looking at, they’ll also be looking at the other clubs interested in those strikers. You don’t want to be getting into bidding wars. READ MORE: Piers Morgan names three signings Arsenal should make to 'compete for league again'  "How many clubs will be after Ivan Toney, if he’s available? That’s the sort of striker I would be trying to get at Arsenal.” Toney has been a sensation for Brentford since joining from Peterborough in 2020. He spearheaded their promotion to the Premier League last term with 31 Championship goals. Meanwhile, it has been reported that Arsenal technical director Edu has been in discussions over a potential move for Jesus for several months. The Brazilian scored four goals in City's thumping 5-1 win over Watford at the weekend. Jesus spoke to the Guardian after the match and refused to rule out an exit when asked about his future at City. He said: "It’s not time to think about this, you expect me to say this, but it’s true. DON'T MISSNewcastle handed green light to complete Hugo Ekitike transfer with two rivals interested [GOSSIP]Arsenal could pair Gabriel Jesus with '£10m' partner to forge little-and-large duo [TRANSFERS]Mbappe to Real Madrid on the rocks as PSG ace breaks agreement with dizzying demand [REPORT]  "This is no time to think about this. Now is the best moment of the season. "I want to enjoy, to keep focused on my team, with my teammates, to fight for the Premier League. I won it with my teammates three times. And I know how that feels and I want to have that feeling again. "And then of course we also have the tough game on Tuesday against Real Madrid [in the Champions League] and that is my focus." Jesus was rewarded with a start against Real in Tuesday's semi-final first leg. The 25-year-old's contract at City expires at the end of next season.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here