Emmerdale actor Mark Charnock, 53, detailed his preparation process to portray Marlon Dingle’s stroke accurately. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, Mark explained that he worked closely with the Stroke Association as he did the research for the role. He described the collaboration with the charity as an “eye-opener” as he admitted that the statistics of strokes in the UK left him in shock. Reflecting on the Stroke Association’s support, Mark said: “It was extraordinarily helpful. I’m constantly asking the medical professionals, 'can I do this? What can I do with my good hand at this point?' “It details that are going to sell the story to people who have been through it. The research has been everything. “Working with Emmerdale‘s research team and the Stroke Association on this storyline has been a total eye-opener for me. READ MORE: Monty Don bids farewell to Gardeners' World colleague “We hear the word ‘stroke’ bandied around a great deal, but being confronted with the sheer weight of numbers in this country alone has been a shock.” Mark expressed hopes that his portrayal of a stroke can bring awareness to others. He admitted it was an “enormous responsibility” to show an accurate portrayal of the stroke for those who suffered one in real life as well as their loved ones. The actor went on: “A stroke occurs every 5 minutes in the UK - over 100,000 a year. More can and should be done to raise awareness and hopefully, this story can help with that. “It’s an enormous responsibility to try and get it right for the survivors and their families and for those who’ve lost loved ones to this awful event. “No two strokes are the same, but the after-effects are devastating.  I’m very proud of the show for telling it and for letting me be a part of it.” Elsewhere in the discussion, Mark outlined the concerns surrounding the stroke, which will change Marlon’s life “forever”. Despite these upcoming changes in the script, the actor insisted he's not concerned by them, while Emmerdale fans may be worrying about Marlon's future. DON'T MISS...Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [LATEST]Bruce Willis' wife thanks fans as actor 'sells off property empire' [UPDATE]A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman tried for another baby [EXCLUSIVE] He clarified: “I’m not worried about that so much, as it's just another part of his story. “Soaps are unlike any other form of drama in that you turn the page on a script and it's another day in the life of your character. “These things happen to people and it happens to have happened to him like anything else could've happened to me.” The actor said the treatment Marlon receives at the hospital will help his recovery process, despite there being “a very long journey” ahead of him. Mark said: “He has a thrombectomy and they drag the clot out, and it's only the beginning of the story really. “It helps with his facial drooping in the first instance, but he's still got a very long journey about learning how to speak and all that stuff again. “It's all down his right side and so his arm, his leg and his mouth are all quite badly affected, so he has trouble. “He goes through phases. He's got a phase where it affects his speech and being able to express himself properly." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.