BBC Weather's Stav Danaos warned Easter Monday will see lows of 4C after the high teens on Sunday with the possibility of 20-21C in the south. It comes as a slight drop from Easter Friday which saw the warmest day of the year so far with 23.4C recorded in St James's Park in London. He said: "We've seen changes taking place out west, a low pressure has brought in outbreaks of rain to western Scotland and Northern Ireland. "It will be a dying feature as is pushed eastwards, barely anything on it. "Behind it, clear skies but also a scattering of showers but also particularly across the northwest, it will remain quite breezy too. "Temperature falling to about 4C to 6C. "Our Easter Monday, a little of a change to our weather. READ MORE: How to kill overgrown weeds - the 'safest' way to remove weeds "It will feel a little bit cooler for most of us and there will be some showers around." He added: "A fresher start to Easter Monday. "One or two showers will mostly be in the northwest of the country where they will be blustery. "Temperatures are lower with spot highs of around 16C or 17C." Marco Petagna, a spokesperson for the weather agency, told the PA news agency: "The idea is temperatures gradually just creeping down each day for the next few days across the UK. "But today there's plenty of fine weather still around - most areas seeing some warm sunshine, looking at temperatures of sort of high teens locally to 20 or 21. "The central belt of Scotland could locally get to 20, locally in England and Wales could get to 20-21 as well. "But [it will be] slightly cooler out towards the west - Northern Ireland, western Scotland and the far west of Wales and Cornwall seeing some rain coming - so for them some slightly more unsettled weather. "But for most areas, we're staying fine today." DON'T MISS Mercury to dip from Sunday days after Brits basked in 23C scorcher [INSIGHT]Britain to bake in 20Cs as Bank Holiday scorcher rages on [ANALYSIS]Weeds killing hacks: Can you use vinegar and baking soda? [VIDEO] Mr Petagna said rain will push in from the west overnight, which will be "weakening" as it goes so the far east may stay dry. Easter Monday will see some scattering of showers and it will be slightly cooler as temperatures start to drop, he said. "The further south and southeast you go the better chances to stay fine again but [it will be] slightly cooler tomorrow at 19 in the southeast, low to mid-teens elsewhere," Mr Petagna added. Mr Petagna warned of high levels of pollen for those with hay fever while UV levels are moderate with the "sun as strong now as during August".