Since Friday, easyJet was forced to cancel at least 222 flights, with the airline blaming high levels of sickness among staff due to coronavirus. The airline has also made around 60 pre-emptive cancellations for flights to and from the UK for today (Monday, April 4, 2022). The orange-tipped carrier told Express.co.uk it has “taken action to mitigate” cancellations by “rostering additional standby crew”. However, given the “current levels of sickness” among staff members, they “decided to make some cancellations in advance”. EasyJet states that it is focussing on consolidating more frequent flights, giving customers “more options to rebook their travel, often on the same day”. READ MORE: Spain holidays: 5 'hidden costs' to be aware of Despite this, over the weekend many passengers found themselves stranded at airports. One passenger named Ben took to Twitter, saying: "Right now I am meant to be arriving at my hotel in Kos yet easyJet cancelled my flight and didn’t let me know until nine hours before." Another, named Maxine, tweeted: "Hey easyJet, so upset our flight was cancelled today after we’d already dropped our bags and earliest next flight is Tue. "You know, we had to show your staff how to change flights online as they didn’t know how? "Lots of upset fellow passengers didn’t speak English left stranded." DON'T MISSCruise holidays: ‘Avoid’ polyester clothing on the ship [REVEALED]Cornwall 'conflict' between locals & second home owners in Range Rover [INSIGHT]Airport travel chaos as easyJet and British Airways cancel 300 flights [REPORT] EasyJet states that customers have been notified and offered various options. A spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “Customers have been contacted and provided with their options which include rebooking onto an alternative flight or receiving a voucher or full refund.” According to travel expert and head of the PC Agency Paul Charles, easyJet is not the only airline which has been hit with large numbers of staff sickness. Have you been impacted by the easyJet cancellations? Join the conversation in the comments section below In a Tweet, he wrote: “Several airlines and airports suffering from Covid staffing shortages. "According to Cirium data, British Airways cancelled 386 flights between last Wednesday and Friday, due to Covid and IT issues. "713 flights were delayed over 60mins over the three days." Michael Foote, personal finance expert and editor in chief of Quotegoat.com, explained: "If your flight is cancelled, you should be asked whether you want a full refund or to re-book on an alternative flight. "BA should cover the cost of transport if you need to travel from a different airport to catch your replacement flight. "In the event of a delay of over five hours, you’re entitled to assistance, including the choice between a full refund of the cost of your ticket, an alternative flight to your final destination at the earliest opportunity or an alternative flight at a later date of your choosing, subject to availability. “You’ll also be entitled to compensation for the inconvenience if you’ve been delayed for over three hours and depending on the distance you would have travelled”.