From today, April 6, company car tax rates will be changing with drivers seeing costs increase for almost any bracket of vehicle. Benefit-in-Kind (BiK) tax rates are changing, rising from one percent to two percent for fully electric vehicles and most petrol and diesel vehicles. Following this upcoming tax year, the BiK rate will remain at two percent until 2025, although many drivers and experts believe more could be done. Some businesses have said it is hard to plan for the future when they don’t know if prices will drastically change, especially if they lease cars for three or more years. The company scheme operates as a “salary sacrifice” employee benefit where an employee gives up a small part of their salary in exchange for a brand new, fully electric car. The salary sacrifice is deducted from their gross salary so the employee will pay less income tax and National Insurance. READ MORE: How much your car tax has gone up The employer will reduce their bill for national insurance contributions. Non-monetary benefits provided by an employer are required to be taxed, which is the BiK tax. Louis Rix, COO and co-founder of car finance platform CarFinance 247, warned that the new car tax changes will have big impacts on drivers. He told Express.co.uk: “Vehicle Excise Duty rate increases are the latest sting that consumers are being hit with this year; drivers are likely to see between £10 and £30 annual increases as a result of the change. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis gives desperate drivers fuel saving tips [HELPFUL]Scientists make breakthrough that doubles EV lifespans [INSIGHT]Driver fined for charging his EV at Lidl [SHOCKING] “Despite the fuel duty cut announced during Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s Spring Statement, prices are still sky-high and some are having to prioritise heating their homes over using their cars. “Once again there’s little support on offer from the Government. “With the amount of price hikes being introduced across the automotive sector, some political intervention will be necessary to prevent those already financially struggling from being plunged into poverty. “Worse yet, Benefit in Kind tax increases will leave businesses in sticky situations. “While companies will want to support their employees, there will already be salary increases to implement in the new tax year, which could force them to re-evaluate company car benefits.” BiK tax is usually high for petrol and diesel cars; hence, salary sacrifice on ICE cars has typically not been very popular. However, BiK rates on electric cars have been set by the Government at an incredibly low percentage up until 2025. Pure electric cars were not subject to BiK taxes in the financial year between 2020 and 2021, with it being raised last April to one percent. The company car tax bands were revised last year, introducing new low rates for vehicles with CO2 emissions of 50g/km or less and differentiating between them based on their electric-only ranges. For most current plug-in hybrid vehicles, the taxable value is usually between seven and 11 percent of the list price, compared with 24 percent or higher for a petrol or diesel car. While the BiK tax rate has increased in price for electric vehicles, many businesses will still be able to save thousands of pounds a year. It is not yet known whether the BiK rates will see further changes in the future, with the tax freeze expected until the 2024/2025 tax year.