Series 11 of Death in Paradise saw the arrival of new police officer Naomi Thomas (played by Shantol Jackson). The newcomer replaced Sergeant JP Hooper (Tobi Bakare) who decided to leave Saint Marie to spend more time with his wife and children. Naomi was quick to make her mark and she was super keen to impress detective Neville Parker (Ralf Little) and Florence Cassell (Josephine Jobert). BBC fans also seemed to think she could permanently replace Florence, who made the decision to leave the island. However, speaking in a new interview with her co-star Tahj, the actress who plays Naomi opened up about how she landed the role. She explained she had originally auditioned for the BBC series in 2018, but got turned down for the role at the time. Despite admitting to balling her eyes out, Shantol remained optimistic and last year, she finally bagged her dream job on the show. As she recalled her horrific audition with the rest of the cast, Tahj paid a sweet tribute to his co-star, saying she was "perfect" for the role. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ "Sergeant Naomi Thomas, the new face, the fan favourite," Tahj began. "I'll tell you right now I knew we'd have to get a new character when Tobi Bakare left, I wanted them to get a female. "I didn't know until I got the email saying can you do a reading with new actress Shantol Jackson? "They didn't specify whether you had it or not [the job] or whether it was an audition, but the fact I was only auditioning with just you, I was like, she's pretty much got this part." Despite not knowing whether Shantol had been given the role of Naomi, the Marlon Pryce star said she was the right person for the role. He continued in his podcast The Table Read: "Even after our meeting I was like, 'There's no way they're not giving her this part, I was like she's killed it, she's perfect.'" Before landing the role of Naomi in 2021, Shantol admitted she'd auditioned for the show in 2018, but didn't get the part. She went on to add she feels the chemistry perhaps wasn't quite right the first time around. DON'T MISS...Neighbours theory: Hendrick Grayson to exit in tragic romance twist [SPOILERS]Simon Cowell speaks on shaking up BGT judging panel  [INISIGHT]Denise Welch clashes with Nadia Sawalha in fiery Prince Harry row  [VIDEO] "I did five auditions and they kept saying 'Hey, we love your performance, but you need to change this and change that,'" Shantol recalled. The actress explained after auditioning for the role five times, she felt confident she'd got the part. However, one day, she remembered receiving an email informing her she hadn't been successful. "Tahj, I won't lie, I balled," the star explained. "I was so devastated and I cried, I was like 'This industry is so awful, why am I doing this?'" Despite the setback, a few years later BBC bosses approached Shantol for a different role in the BBC series. She explained she managed to skip through the audition stages and did a chemistry read with the cast. However, when it came to reading the script, she said things didn't go to plan. "The chemistry read with you guys on the Thursday, that was hilarious," she detailed. "There was construction happening next door, do you remember? I had to go and ask the guys I was like, 'Could you just stop hammering for like 20 minutes so I can do this tape?'" Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer and Britbox.