Novak Djokovic prevailed in yet another three-set encounter against Karen Khachanov to win his Serbia Open semi-final in Belgrade. The world number one played just his third tournament of the year and in front of his home fans, made it to the final.  /sport/tennis/1600082/Novak-Djokovic-seal-Serbia-Open-final-spot-tennis-news The Serbian prevailed 4-6, 6-1, 6-2 in front of his adoring fans and recorded his sxith win in seven meetings over Karen Khachanov. The world number 26 began the match in imperious serving form and was able to keep Djokovic at bay throughout the opening salvo. He would often open up the court with his powerful forehand and great depth to pin his opponent back. The 25-year-old fended off break points and after two backhand errors from Djokovic, Kachanov took it and ended a run of nine consecutive sets lost to the 20-time grand slam champion. After both players held serve at the start of the second set, Djokovic, who was somewhat passive in the first set, roared into life and began to put his opponent on the back foot. He won an impressive 86% of his first serve points and began to return with the precision and aggression he is renowned for. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic confesses he 'loves' losing big matches after recent back-to-back defeats   Within the blink of an eye Djokovic reeled off five straight games to level the match and the shackles were well and truly off, sending the crowd into a frenzy. The momentum was well and truly with the Serbian and multiple forehand and backhand winners earned a break of serve right at the beginning of the deciding set. He continued to push his big-serving opponent from pillar to post and consolidated his break of serve to lead 2-0. Kachanov stopped the run of eight consecutive games lost to make it 2-1, but Djokovic broke through yet again to surge into a 5-1 lead. The Russian held serve to make it 5-2, but it ony prolonged the inevitable as Djokovic served out the match in just under two hours to progess to his first final of the year. Djokovic has endured a difficult week, with each of his encounters going to three sets. He complained of a lack of energy in his Monte Carlo defeat to Alejandro Davidovich Fokina, but there has certainly been no sign of physical limitations this week and produced arguably his finest performance of the year. With each match his form has steadily improved and tomorrow he will contest his first final of the season against either Fabio Fognini or Andrey Rublev. 