 The young cryptoverse is still forming itself, and its regulation, creating unusual terminology and unique lingo with each coin purchased. TradingView shared exclusively with Express.co.uk the A to Z of must-know terms for every crypto hopeful.   The newest investment kid on the block has sparked interest across the globe, with TradingView noting 30 million unique users every month spanning from Antarctica to North Korea and everywhere in between. However, cryptocurrencies are noticeably more volatile and often unpredictable when compared to its older counterparts. It means investors who aren’t entirely sure what they are getting into could find themselves overwhelmed with phrases, terms and risks they may not have encountered before. TradingView shared that A to Z of crypto lingo investors “need to know to stay ahead of the game”. Apes - This references the Planet of the Apes franchise, namely the quote ‘Apes together strong’. It symbolises the power of retail stock traders banding together, the most famous example of which being the GameStop short squeeze in January 2021. Bagholder - Bagholders are stubborn or naive investors that hold onto an asset despite rapid drops until it is essentially worthless, often with the belief that it will bounce back. READ MORE: PIP claim: The full list of freebies and discounts available from DWP - worth thousands      Crypto - Short for cryptocurrency. Diamond hands - Investors who won’t sell their investment regardless of their losses due to the belief that patience and stoicism will pay off. ELI5 - An acronym for ‘Explain Like I’m 5’, a self-explanatory term used by investors hoping to learn more about topics in the simplest possible terms. FUD - Another acronym for ‘Fear, Uncertainty and Doubt’, usually used to dismiss mainstream media’s negativity on cryptocurrencies. GM - Short for Good Morning, TradingView shared: “The crypto community are the nicest of folks and a common greeting you’ll find when you wake up across social media is ‘gm’. What a wholesome way to usher in a new day’s trading. Likewise ‘gn’, means good night and is used at the end of the day.” HODL - This misspelt phrase was believed to be coined by a inebriated bitcoiner on a forum, misspelling the word ‘hold’ and has since been interpreted as ‘Hold on for dear life’ in the face of crypto’s infamous volatility.  IYKYK - A common acronym in pop culture, meaning ‘If You Know You Know’ is used to connote that an asset will rise in value but most investors aren’t aware of it yet. JPOW - Short for Jerome Powell, the chair of the Federal Reserve, who earned himself an iconic following amongst traders through his efforts to keep the stock market trending upward during the pandemic. Keys - Keys are a functionality of crypto, with public keys working like email addresses while private keys act as a password. TradingView highlighted that common phishing scams will try to get private keys but investors should “never share yours with anyone!”. Lambo - Short for Lamborghini, is usually used in the phrase ‘wen lambo?’ which questions an investors time line for success. It arose as the type of car many crypto investors would like to buy when their assets skyrocket in value. Moon - TradingView noted this is an incredibly common phrase, symbolising a successful cryptocurrency that has skyrocketing value. NGMI - An acronym for ‘Not Going to Make It’, NGMI is often used ironically to highlight a bad decision.  OG - Another pop culture phrase turned into crypto lingo, the term is used as a mark of respect for investors who were involved with an asset from the start before people jumped on the bandwagon. Pump and dump - Also known as a rug pull, these are schemes where investors hype up assets they have a lot of in order to push up demand prices and sell their holdings for a profit. As a result of these schemes the market becomes flooded and often leaves everyone else as bag holders. Q1/2/3/4 - This is short for the four quarters of the year, where traders usually look for quarterly earnings reports to decide on their future investing strategies. Rekt - Short for wrecked, this term is an investors nightmare as it describes “when one’s portfolio of assets looks like a car crash, having plummeted significantly in value”. Shill - A descriptor for the habit of loudly proclaiming about the potential of an asset purely to try and get a price rise, often done by enthusiastic but naive investors genuinely obsessed with an asset or as part of pump and dump schemes. Tendies - This term has a long and peculiar origin but essentially means making a financial gain. Supposedly it was used literally at first, when trading profits were used to buy chicken tenders as a reward.  Up only - This new saying refers to the mantra that target assets only go up, similar to Buy the Dip which encourages investors to buy assets when the price has fallen but before it rises again. Vaporware - Crypto projects or upgrades that are heavily promoted but not available yet. Whale - This caricature represents someone with a huge holding in any given assets, where their actions could drastically change the assets valuation. X - This indicates a percentage increase, for example 10X would mean the asset has increased by 10 percent, but can often be used as a form of shill. YOLO - The common phrase You Only Live Once is prevalent in the cryptoverse but has become a verb. To YOLO indicates to go all in on a trade in the hopes of a substantial return, with the belief that acquiring large wealth means taking large risks. Zero - Used in the phrase Kill the Zero, this phrase stems from meme coin traders trying to reassure others that the assets will move up denominations, seeing massive rewards for early traders who buy when the price is low.