The RSPCA launched the probe after five felines died in the space of just a few weeks in the Stoney Lane area of Dudley, West Midlands. Lisa Potts' beloved pets, Cookie and Bisto, passed away on March 9 and March 22. A vet told their devastated owner they believed both were poisoned as they showed symptoms of being lethargic and weak before taking a turn for the worse. Matt and Lauren Lowe then lost three cats - Elise, Pumpkin and Patch - in similar circumstances within days of each other. It was confirmed by a vet that two of the animals had antifreeze in their system. Mrs Lowe, who has another three pet cats, said: "I don't understand it as they don't really venture out far. "I just can't believe it. Bisto and Cookie were part of the family. "Bisto was my boy - he wouldn't leave my side if I was unwell. "I am very cautious with my other three cats now." Mr Lowe added: "We had to go through our three cats suffering. READ MORE: Pet horror warning as kittens poisoned by popular household flower "Elsie, the kitten, first became unwell and died before we could get her to the vet. "We didn't know what was wrong with her. "The bloods for Pumpkin and Patch came back confirming antifreeze poisoning which has really concerned us. It is just heartbreaking." The RSPCA is urging anyone with information to come forward. DON'T MISSPatient dog still waiting for forever home after almost 500 days [INSIGHT]Rescue dog who watched 7 siblings get new homes still waiting [PICTURES]Huge rise in reports of dogs with 'barbaric' mutilation [ANALYSIS] Animal rescue officer Rachel Ward said: "Our heart goes out to these cat owners who have lost their beloved pets. It is just devastating. "We don't know if these deaths were accidental or deliberate but we are urging anyone with information to contact the animal welfare charity's inspectorate appeal line "We'd also urge local cat owners to be vigilant and cautious and to understand the signs of poisoning." Symptoms of poisoning include vomiting, a depressed or sleepy demeanour, appearing drunk or uncoordinated, seizures, and breathing difficulties. Ms Ward added: "It is always difficult to determine if cases are accidental incidents or deliberate, however poisoning an animal deliberately is a criminal offence. "Under the Animal Welfare Act 2006, the maximum penalty for those found guilty of this offence is up to six months imprisonment and/or an unlimited fine. "Signs of poisoning can be seen anything from 30 minutes after an animal has ingested the chemical, though it can be two or three days before signs of kidney failure are seen." Anyone with information can contact the RSPCA on 0300 123 8018 quoting incident 00831810. 