Paul Dunkley, 61, had the vessel parked outside his property in Stapleford, Nottinghamshire, as he spent years renovating it. He left on his driveway as it wouldn't fit in his garage but, to his surprise, it quickly became iconic and neighbours are sad to see it go now. It was taken to a new home at Redhill Marina, Nottinghamshire, on Monday. One of Paul's neighbours, 73-year-old Mick Hempshall, said: "It's very sad, we always said we were in a house up from the boat. Everyone who walked past used to turn and look at it. It was an eyesore, but we got used to it." Brian Topham, 77, said: "It's never bothered me, I was very happy with it. I'm going to miss it. It was easy for people to find me as I said I lived near the house with the boat and people never had any problems." Councillor Richard MacRae, independent councillor for Stapleford, said: "Everybody knows about it. It's been there for years. I've seen some people claim it's been there since 1987 but I know that's not the case. It was there one day and now it's not." Paul bought the yacht in around 2012 as a project as he intended to travel the world in it, reports Nottinghamshire Live. The homeowner, who works in the aviation industry, said: "It's in a storage facility at Redhill Marina, but I do hope to finish renovating it one day, it's so sad when you see boats dumped. "It won't be coming back here though. I was surprised there have been no negative comments, no-one saying 'thank god it's gone' and kids have been in tears. People used to say about turning left at the boat, and would see it as a landmark. "I've had various people asking how I would launch it from here, and the standard answer is from the top of a hill waiting for the floods to come and the animals can come in two-by-two. One of my friends made a Noah's Ark sign when I first got it and put it outside my house. "I was looking for something to replace it, but we've just bought next door and we hope to move into that, so I'm going to put it back to a garden. You can't sell a house with a boat outside it. "My neighbours have been absolutely fine with it, they haven't batted an eyelid. I've had people living around here saying to me they'll never get their curry delivered now as they won't know where to find them."   The boat itself was built in Bedford in 1985 and is a Classic 45 ocean going cruising yacht, of which around eight were built. Paul has bought a number of boats, and recently restored a storm-damaged yacht. He owns six in total now, having at one point owned eight. He continued: "I've always been into boats and yachting, and I bought it for my retirement plan, as I want to sail around the world. I worked on it for about three years, as it was an empty shell with no roof. I built rooms inside the boat too. I knew it would be a long project and it would take several years, but I never finished it because I bought another boat. "I've never had the drive to do it, which is a shame as I could end up selling it. "People have said I'll never finish it, and I told them I will, so you never know."   