Maggie May hitmaker Rod Stewart has sparked a frenzy after posting an adorable family snap on Instagram, celebrating his beloved Celtic FC's triumph against Rangers earlier today. The Do Ya Think I'm Sexy singer, 77, posed for a sweet picture with his daughter Renee Stewart, 29, and sons Alistair, 16 and Aiden Stewart 11. In view of his 1.1 million followers, Rod shared the family snap of him with three of his eight children. He wrote: "Celtic forever @alastairwstewart @renee__stewart and Aiden #celtic @celticfc." In the picture, Renee, who Rod shares with his ex-wife Rachel Hunter, donned an emerald green hoodie to show her support to her dad's favourite football team. Placing an arm around her younger brother Alastair, Renne smiled as she posed for the snap on her tiptoes. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty hits out as BBC viewer asks if she 'forgot to get dress Alastair wore a pair of fashionable aviator sunglasses which he paired with a grey tracksuit and Celtic FC football shirt underneath. He placed an arm affectionately around his musician dad who stood proudly with three of his brood while donning the football team's kit as a show of support. Rod's youngest son, Aiden, looked thrilled as he held up the Celtic FC scarf and grinned cheekily while pointing to the club's logo. Rod shares sons Alastair and Aiden with his current wife, Loose Women panellist Penny Lancaster. Documenting the day spent with her dad and two of her brothers, Renee also took to social media to reveal Rod's good luck charm ahead of the football match. Filming her dad walking into a house, Renee revealed that he was wearing his lucky four-leaf clover socks. She captioned the clip: "You know Celtic is about to play a game when dad has these socks on." Following Rod's post, his followers flocked to the comments to weigh in on the sweet snap. DON'T MISS... Penny Lancaster stuns in 21st birthday throwback snap [INSIGHT]The Wanted's Max George shares heartbreak following Tom Parker's death [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan faces Will Smith's Oscars slap in mocking photo [UPDATE] His eldest daughter with his first wife Alana Stewart, Kimberley Stewart commented: "Yessss." Instagram user technomad123 penned: "Great picture," followed by a heart face emoji. "Beautiful family!" added jennifaraaa. While louisec12_ wrote: "Love it," alongside a green heart. Rod's post comes after his wife Penny shared a glitzy throwback snap of herself on her 21st birthday. In view of her 154,000 followers, the model and Loose Women host left her fans stunned after sharing the fresh-faced picture. She wrote: "My 21st birthday @theritzlondon 30 years ago." In the picture, Penny was smiling while looking down at her plate as waiters and a chef were seen applauding and cheering for her.