Stefan Savic sparked an ugly brawl during the closing stages of Manchester City's goalless draw against Atletico Madrid in their Champions League quarter-final second-leg clash on Wednesday evening. The 31-year-old rushed up to Phil Foden after he was fouled by Felipe as the match approached the final whistle to kick off a major tussle between both sets of players under the lights at the Wanda Metropolitano. Neither side had managed to open the scoring prior to the incident, which occurred just minutes before stoppage time in the Spanish capital. Foden was taken out by a full-blooded tackle from Felipe, who was later sent off for the challenge and his role in the ensuing melee, before Savic stormed in to stand over the England ace in a threatening manner. A brawl involving around 20 players from both sides quickly followed, during which Savic pulled Grealish's hair in a bizarre display of anger before somehow managing to escape a red card. The Atletico man was only booked after a VAR intervention but did not escape the wrath of his manager, Diego Simeone, who rushed over to make his feelings known in the immediate aftermath of proceedings. The match went on to descend into chaos as the clock ticked down into stoppage time, with Atletico living up to their no-nonsense attitude by sticking with their game plan of being overly physical until the full-time whistle blew to send City into the Champions League semi-finals. Savic went on to find Grealish in the tunnel after the match in order to renew hostilities in a separate incident which was dealt with by as many as four police officers, according to BT Sport. JUST IN: Atletico Madrid star Felipe leaves Phil Foden with bandage on head The actions of Savic and Felipe ultiimately soured the closing stages of the match, with BT Sport pundit Rio Ferdinand slamming Atletico's players for their role in the brawl that unfolded when quizzed on his thoughts on what happened after the game. "Some distasteful behaviour," he said. "The Atletico players should be embarrassed with all the antics. Savic especially. "You have to say well done to Atletico for how they played, they made Man City play in a way we haven’t seen for a very long time. They took them out of their stride, made the game fast and furious, ugly. "City had one shot on target all game, when could you say that before? Well done to City they went through in the end, but some of the things we saw at the end of the game, it’s not what you want to see." Ferdinand's comments on the closing stages of the match were echoed by fellow pundit and former City defender Joleon Lescott, who added: "The last 10 minutes, you can’t condone that. Simeone has to take some responsibility because he seemed to be encouraging some behaviour. "It’s not a thing you want to see from a top level coach. Take nothing away from City, the objective was to get through and they’ve done that so, congratulations." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here