NHS England and NHSBSA have urged patients to double check their entitlement for free prescriptions through their ‘Check Before You Tick’ campaign. The campaign was launched to help reduce the cost burden of free prescriptions and treatments being issued incorrectly.   Fraudulently claiming a free prescription could see Britons receiving penalty charge notices. These will usually ask the person to pay back the cost of the prescription or treatment they received for free as well as an additional penalty. The additional penalty is five times the original amount owed, with a maximum of threshold of £100. However, if a penalty charge notice has been issued and no payment is made within 28 days another surcharge could be added. READ MORE: State pension increase: Grandparents could boost their sum by up to £2,340     Britons can use the online eligibility checker to see their entitlement to any free prescriptions, treatments or items from the NHS. Generally, patients are entitled to free prescriptions if the meet certain criteria such as:  However, there has been a proposal to increase the 60 year eligibility to state pension age, which is currently 66. The state pension age is constantly under review and is expected to rise to 68 by 2046. As state pension age is based on the life expectancy is the UK it is likely to increase past this point as well. NHS inpatients also receive free prescription medication.  Britons or their partner, including civil partners, can receive free prescriptions if they are in receipt of one of the following benefits:  People under the age of 20 and dependant on someone receiving one of these benefits can also receive free prescriptions. Those claiming Pension Credit must receive the guarantee credit to be eligible and there are additional criteria for universal credit claimants. Alongside age, certain conditions and illness also qualify for free prescriptions by getting a medical exemption certificate. Pregnant woman or mothers who have had a baby in the past 12 months qualify for a maternity exemption certificate allowing them access to free prescriptions.