Newcastle United are reportedly plotting a swap deal which would see Miguel Almiron move to Villarreal in exchange for Arnaut Danjuma. Almiron is yet to contribute a single goal or assist in 22 Premier League appearances for the Magpies this season. While Eddie Howe has deployed him in the starting eleven for their recent 1-0 defeats to Everton and Chelsea, Almiron had only started one of their last ten matches before his run of matches. Almiron became Newcastle’s most expensive signing since Michael Owen when he joined the club from Atalanta for £21million in 2019. Unfortunately, Almiron’s inconstancy in front of goal could see him become surplus to requirements at St James’ Park. He is currently behind the likes of Allan Saint-Maximin, Ryan Fraser, and Jacob Murphy in the attacking pecking order at the club. Newcastle are expected to refresh their frontline in another potential flex of their financial muscles in the coming transfer window. And reports from the Sunday Mirror understand Howe could use the Paraguayan ace to reunite with former Bournemouth player Danjuma. JUST IN: Mane and Salah’s pact of silence can help Liverpool's title push Danjuma has enjoyed a very impressive debut campaign under Unai Emery, contributing 13 goals and four assists in 27 appearances in all competitions. Most impressively, he has found the net on five occasions in this season’s Champions League campaign, that has seen the La Liga giants knock out Juventus on their way to the quarterfinals. But while he looks to be at home with Villarreal, Howe could use his previous experience managing the Netherlands international to tempt him towards St James’ Park. However, Almiron alone would likely not be enough to tempt the Spanish giants to part with Danjuma, who is believed to have a release clause of around £63m. Newcastle are believed to value Almiron at around £15m, which is over four times less than Villarreal’s purported valuation of Danjuma. The reported valuation of Almiron further exemplifies his steep drop in form in recent seasons. The inconsistency of his performances for the Premier League giants was also noted by former Leeds United striker Noel Whelan. “We’ve had moments and glimpses from him,” Whelan said to the Football Insider. “But you’ve got to say, looking in terms of consistency and goals at the end of the season – he hasn’t done enough. The percentages and ratios don’t match. “They’ve got to start looking now. If they’re going to rebuild now, they’re going to charge up the Premier League, they need to look at players who are a step ahead of Almiron. “They will already be looking and planning ahead of this transfer window now, and unfortunately for Almiron – I can’t see how he fits in next season.”