Arsenal chief Edu has admitted that plans are already in place on two transfers heading into the summer window. The Gunners were the Premier League's biggest spenders last summer with Mikel Arteta beginning his own rebuild at the Emirates. Around £150million was spent on six new signings with Ben White, Martin Odegaard and Aaron Ramsdale all establishing themselves as first-team regulars. The new signings have certainly improved Arsenal's squad and wins over Chelsea and Manchester United are evidence of how far they have come this season.  A Champions League spot remains up for grabs in the final five games and they currently hold fourth spot over rivals Tottenham. But Arteta has made it clear that he wants to see Arsenal challenging further up the table and more incomings are expected this summer.  At least one striker is expected to be signed after they missed out on Dusan Vlahovic in January as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's replacement. And Edu has confirmed that talks have already taken place with the club's owners with two signings on the agenda for the summer. JUST IN: 5 things we learned as Spurs slip up and draw 0-0 with Brentford   "The budget we used last summer, we prefer to use it to rebalance the squad, there was no point in hiring one or two players, the squad was not prepared to absorb two players, we needed to rebalance the squad," Edu told ESPN Brasil. "Maybe next season we can go to one or two athletes. Today we find a much more balanced cast. "Our planning has already been done, it has already reached the owners. It's a matter of step by step, how we are going to finish the season and put in plan the planning that I'm very excited." Gabriel Jesus has emerged as a top target for Arsenal with the Manchester City forward out of contract in 2023. Reports state the Brazilian striker has already agreed terms with Arsenal, but no negotiations have taken place with City. DON'T MISS  Jesus scored four in City's emphatic 5-1 win over Watford on Saturday and, while Pep Guardiola was delighted for his forward, he refused to confirm that he wants to keep the striker beyond this season. "I want to tell you something; Gabriel [Jesus] is our player," Guardiola said. “I don't know what is going to happen, but he is a Man City player. “When he has days like today, I am the happiest man in the world! Every player is happy when they play 90 minutes all the time but at the end of the season whether he wants to extend, stay or leave, I don’t know or don’t care. We have less than one month."