Five-time Masters champion Tiger Woods could sensationally complete an audacious comeback at next week's tournament in Augusta. Not only that, but the competition's second-most decorated winner's "game is all back", according to reports. The golf world has been in a flurry since it emerged Woods had flown in to play a practice round at Augusta National, one week before the 2022 Masters gets underway. Moreover, rumours of how he is currently performing appear to bode well regarding his hopes of featuring among the tee times come April 7. Rex Hoggard, senior writer for the Golf Channel, has revealed that sources suggest a return to play in Georgia is looking very hopeful. Woods, 46, hasn't been in competitive action since before he was involved in a life-threatening car crash in February last year. “What I’ve heard from people in South Florida - the actual game itself; ball speed, club head speed, it’s all there, it’s all back," said Hoggard, who appeared on the most recent edition of the Golf Central podcast. READ MORE: Why Rory McIlroy will end his Masters hoodoo after agonising Augusta near-misses  It's understood Woods completed his Augusta practice round on Tuesday alongside son Charlie and close friend Justin Thomas. As things stand, 2017 PGA Championship-winner Thomas, 28, is second only to Jon Rahm among the favourites for this year's Green Jacket. Hoggard isn't alone when it comes to encouraging feedback regarding Woods' display, either. An eye-witness source who witnessed at least part of the round told ESPN the veteran "looked good" as he saw out all 18 stops at Augusta. DON'T MISSTiger Woods' world ranking record shattered by Scottie Scheffler after WGC Match Play winRichard Bland fires warning to Dustin Johnson with 49-year-old on verge of maiden MastersTiger Woods' comments on returning to action with star named on Masters provisional list  The Georgia venue is considered to be one of the most arduous courses in the United States. That's not only due to the difficulty of the holes themselves, but the rolling hills and overall distance make it a daunting task for even the fittest stars on the Tour. Woods previously battled back from multiple back and knee surgeries to win the 2019 Masters, ending his 11-year wait for a major crown. His 15 Grand Slam titles position him second on golf's all-time list, trailing only 19-time major champion Jack Nicklaus. An appearance at Augusta next week could trump any of his previous comebacks, however, after he suffered serious injuries to his right leg and foot in last year's crash. Woods said in February that he was "still working on the walking part" as he sought a return to full fitness, with the signs more encouraging than ever that he may be ready to return.