While a number of contestants found love on Channel Nine’s hit dating series, Married at First Sight, this wasn’t the case for Anthony Cincotta. Despite this, he recently took to Instagram where he confirmed his new relationship with a series of photos.  Married at First Sight Australia recently came to an end with an explosive finale, which included a number of jaw-dropping moments. However, one of the most surprising events fans witnessed throughout the season was the huge blowup Anthony had with Selin Mengu. This was unexpected as the two hit it off from the moment they laid eyes on each other at the altar. With a number of important things in common, such as children, fans predicted the two would go the mile, however, things soon turned sour during the honeymoon. READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts During a pottery date, Anthony playfully smeared the clay on his wife's face, which resulted in an argument. As a result, Selin realised she didn’t feel the spark and explained her feelings after the two spent time together. However, things further escalated back at the hotel, which ended with Anthony packing his bags and leaving Selin on their honeymoon by herself. The couple then had another huge argument at dinner and although they attempted to work things out, they eventually decided to go their separate ways. Almost six months after he first signed on to appear on the dating show, Anthony took to Instagram and confirmed his new romance with Kate. The professional wrestler posted snaps of the two dressed up and lovingly looking into each other's eyes, with the caption “Scrubbing up alright.” The Daily Mail Australia reported Anthony and Kate began dating just months after he ended things with Selin. A source close to Anthony revealed the two got together not long after he returned to Melbourne. DON'T MISS...Carole Malone erupts in firey election debate over Partygate row [NEWS]MAFS Australia’s Olivia on ‘grudges’ after Domenica row [INSIGHT]MAFS Australia: Producers allegedly cut out key scenes from Domenica [INSIGHT] They added: “He was in a bit of a bad way and they found each other after filming the show. “Kate and his nine-year-old daughter Gabriella are besties and he's been moved into the third wheel position.” After posting additional photos of himself and Kate on his private Instagram account, the images were soon plastered across social media. This included photos from a romantic get-away the couple took in Melbourne for Kate’s birthday. During his time on the show, Anthony recently revealed: “I need that spark in my life, I need that flare, I need that excitement. “I need to be able to connect with somebody and I'm just not feeling that. He continued: “I was actually smiling today at spending time with my one true love, my daughter, so I wrote leave.”Selin had also chosen to break up and said: “The one thing I didn't want to do is lead him on. “We stayed on to try and see what this was, but I feel I wouldn't keep going for something I don't feel a spark for, so I'm done.” Married At First Sight Australia is available on Channel Nine in Australia and on E4 in the UK.