Cristiano Ronaldo didn't feel like taking Manchester United's penalty against Arsenal, according to Ralf Rangnick. The Red Devils lost 3-1 at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday, with Bruno Fernandes missing a spot-kick during the showdown. It was another bad day for the Red Devils, whose hopes of Champions League football next term are now all but over. Arsenal went 2-0 up against United courtesy of goals from Nuno Tavares and Bukayo Saka before Ronaldo pulled one back. It was the 37-year-old’s 22nd goal of the season and the first since the tragic passing of his newborn son earlier in the week. With United 2-1 down in the second half, the Red Devils won a penalty following a handball inside the area. But Ronaldo didn’t take the spot-kick, with Fernandes instead hitting the post from 12 yards before Granit Xhaka’s goal made the points safe for the home side. And Rangnick has now revealed the former Juventus and Real Madrid star didn’t take the penalty because he felt it was better for his team-mate to step up instead. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "I spoke with him after the game and asked him," said Rangnick, whose side remain sixth in the table following the defeat in north London. “And he said he just didn't feel he should take it and that's why he said it would be better if Bruno took it." Rangnick did admit he felt United produced a response after their 4-0 hammering at the hands of Liverpool earlier in the week. But he also hit out at the decisions of the officials in the VAR room, too. "I think we showed a response, an improved performance compared to the game at Liverpool," Rangnick added. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players "But still we gave away an easy goal, an early goal, far too easy, the way we defended in that moment, we had two or three chances to clear the ball. "But we didn't and after being 1-0 down after four minutes in a game like this didn't make life easy for us. But I think the reaction we showed after that was good, we had numerous chances to score ourselves,- we hit the crossbar, we hit the post twice, apart from that we had enough chances to score three or four goals. "And we were also pretty unlucky with the VAR decisions, there were three or four questionable VAR decisions after seeing the video footage in the locker room. "But, again, it's about the result and the result was disappointing. Right now, our biggest problem was defending in and around the box. “The last three games, on average, we conceded three goals and this is just too much." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta, meanwhile, was delighted with his side’s win. "It was a crucial game for us after two-and-a-half days to recover from a big performance and result at Stamford Bridge,” he said. "We wanted to win again and we knew how important our fans would be. They really made it happen with the energy they played with and the spirit they have in the team. "We wanted to start really fast and make sure we scored first and get the people behind us. "The last 15 minutes of the first half and first 15 minutes of the second we didn't control the game and we need some luck. We had Aaron make some important saves and they missed a penalty, which is rare for the quality they have. "We will learn from that but after that the response of the team was magnificent.”