While many of us may be busy visiting friends and family over the Easter weekend, there's still time to enjoy a quick Wordle puzzle when you get a moment. Wordle 301 is available for the duration of April 16, and even though it's not the most obscure word, there's a good chance it will catch some people out. If you need help solving the latest Wordle puzzle for April 16, then head to the bottom of the page for a selection of spoiler-free hints and clues to point you in the right direction. Good luck! Before we get to the clues, let's quickly go over the rules. In Wordle, players are given six chances to guess a five-letter word. You'll need to use the process of elimination to uncover the correct answer, so pay close attention to the colour of the tiles. If the letter tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. The app keeps track of your statistics, showing the number of correct answers you've managed, as well as your winning streak. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the next day for a new Wordle to be released. You'll also lose your precious winning streak. Read on for some general Wordle tips, followed by three specific clues for Wordle 301 on April 16... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 301 hints and clues for April 16... 1. Wordle 301 begins with the letter C. 2. Wordle 301 contains one vowel, but it appears twice. 3. If you don't like the clues, there's no need to be rude.