The head of the Vatican, Francis, lashed out at Russia, and the cruelty of war in Ukraine, as he attended an Easter Mass ceremony on Saturday. While the 85-year-old didn't lead the event, which was attended by Ivan Fedorov, the mayor of Melitopol, a southeastern area of Ukraine currently under Russia's military occupation, he made his feelings clear on the ongoing conflict. Francis was replaced by Giovanni Battista Re, an Italian cardinal, as the main celebrant at the service. But during the service, Francis noted the "darkness of war, of cruelty". He said: "All of us pray for you and with you. We pray because there is so much suffering. We can only give you our company, our prayers and say to you 'courage, we accompany you'." He ended by saying "Christ is risen" in Ukrainian. Francis is well known for his coolness under pressure, and has received praise for his own abilities at calming storms, particularly during the coronavirus pandemic. One issue he has continually faced has come within his own church, and those who argue he wasn't the natural successor to the leader he replaced, Pope Benedict. Divisions have emerged within the church since Benedict's unprecedented resignation in 2013, which he claimed came as a result of his deteriorating health. Since then Francis has implemented a more liberal agenda, a major shift from Benedict's own traditionalist approach. Some even continue to recognise Benedict as pontiff, claiming he was forced into resigning by other senior Vatican members. JUST IN: Ukraine slams Pope's attempt for Easter reconciliation This even led Benedict to making an intervention himself, telling of the "conspiracy theories" that were being told, and reminding worshippers "there is only one pope". Benedict's intervention was criticised by some Vatican historians, including author Lynda Telford, who penned Women in the Vatican - Female Power in a Male World. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Ms Telford discussed how Benedict wasn't as popular as some insiders claimed, and noted how he was "asked to leave because of the inability to show that serious matters were being dealt with". She said: "He was never popular with worshippers in a personal sense. "I remember one lady, waiting outside St Peters to see the Pope, saying 'I'd stand here hoping to see Francis, but I certainly wouldn't have stood here waiting to see Benedict!' DON'T MISS:'In the name of God, stop before cities are reduced to cemeteries' [LATEST]Pope Francis denounces the ‘barbaric’ war in Ukraine [ANALYSIS]'Shameful capitulation' Pope Francis slams Ukraine invasion after v [INSIGHT] "He failed to connect with ordinary people and therefore was a poor figurehead. "People don't want a distant, academic leader, however clever." Ms Telford explained she felt worshippers "want a man who gets on the tram, who visits hospitals and prisons and reaches out". But, she added: "The Vatican stalwarts want leaders who support their privileged positions, and don't rock boats. "The people want someone who cares, and Benedict never did. "Finding a pastoral Pope like Francis must have seemed ideal, let him lead from the front while they rule from behind. "Unfortunately he wasn't what they expected, so the traditionalist backlash started." As Benedict became the first living pope in 600 years to resign, he maintains his living quarters at the Vatican, and also continues to wear white - something, routinely, only a pope would wear. The Easter Vigil on Holy Saturday evening in St. Peter's Basilica, Francis attended was filled with 5,500 pilgrims, creating stunning scenes for onlookers.