Matt Tebbutt, 48, has been a staple on Saturday Kitchen since James Martin left the show in 2016. The TV chef has given Express.co.uk a rare insight into his "busy" schedule that led him to ask his wife Lisa Tebbutt for help with his schedule, due to the stress of "juggling" his busy lifestyle. Matt has been a fixture of British TV for years, hosting numerous popular cooking shows. He is best known for presenting BBC’s Saturday Kitchen, but has also hosted Channel 4’s Food Unwrapped and ITV’s Save Money: Good Food. As well as a hectic TV schedule, Matt also owned and ran the Foxhunter restaurant in South Wales for 15 years. The restaurant won a number of awards including the AA Restaurant of the Year for Wales and it is now leased as a pub while Matt concentrates on his TV career. READ MORE: Loose Women's Nadia Sawalha strips down to bikini in clip Speaking to Express.co.uk about his busy schedule, he said: "I am busy but it’s nothing like the juggling we had to do when we had our restaurant. "My wife looks after my diary and tries to get me home for a few days a week at least!" The TV chef then gave a rare insight into family life with his two children, Henry and Jessie Tebbutt. He continued: "My daughter is now at University in London, so we get to meet up pretty often... usually over a long lunch. "I’ve entered a new phase of parenthood where we get to do grown up adult things like that which is amazing." Matt previously worried fans after being rushed to the hospital for emergency surgery in January. Posting on his Instagram from his hospital bed: "Me, a morphine drip and an emergency appendectomy." An appendectomy is an operation to remove the appendix if it becomes infected. DON'T MISS... Madonna, 63, issues expletive fan warning after split from boyfriend [INSTAGRAM] Kim Woodburn shares picture from hospital bed after hospital rush [BREAKING] Amal Clooney, 44, shows off her enviable figure in sheer red dress [PICS] He thanked staff at The Grange hospital in Gwent, praising the "brilliant health service" and saying he was "so grateful". Friends, along with other social media users, took to the comments to wish the TV star well after the shocking news. Susanna Reid said: "Ouch." Naga Munchetty also commented: "Get well soon xx." DJ Sara Cox added: "Woah! Matt! Hope you're feeling better. Hope @ollysmith has swapped out the morphine in the drip for a nice Malbec?" Matt added to Express.co.uk: "Oh god, it was a bit of a scare, but luckily, I got away with just having keyhole surgery. "I'm feeling fine now and pretty much back to normal, thanks to all the wonderful staff at The Grange hospital in Newport." You can watch Matt Tebbutt on Saturday Kitchen today on BBC One at 10am.