Alesha Dixon opted for a pop of colour for the first Britain’s Got Talent auditions episode. While Amanda Holden chose yellow, Alesha favoured an orange suit combo, before swapping into something a little more revealing. Alesha likes to make a statement with her style choices and daring wardrobe. Tonight she chose a tangerine orange suit from the brand Off-White. The trousers are High-rise Flared Pants and feature “front lits that ensure fluid movement as you walk”. The description continues to explain they are “a high-rise pair, they have slim legs that flare below the knees”. READ MORE: H&M will close 240 stores and launch 95 new branches The trousers are currently available on My Theresa for £650. Alesha paired the trousers with a matching oversized blazer which she wore unbuttoned and ruched the sleeves up her arms. The Crepe Blazer is “single-breasted” and has a “longer-length style”. It is also currently available on My Theresa for £1,245. DON'T MISS...Cornwall council urges tourists to wear face masks when visiting [NEWS]Rosemary Shrager drops a dress size in 6 weeks with keto diet [CELEB WEIGHT LOSS]Cleaning: How to clean windows with tumble dryer water [HACKS] As for what Alesha wore under the blazer, she showed off her abs by wearing a small khaki knit bralet. Alesha completed the look with several gold chains and necklaces, including a vintage Givenchy chain necklace. The judge is a huge fan of bralets and has been wearing them for many years on BGT. She then swapped from the orange suit into another bralet and trouser combination, this time the bralet was a sparkling sequin one. She left a jacket behind and chose black high-waisted flared trousers. But they were no ordinary trousers as they featured diamonte detailing up the sides and the seam was cut out, meaning the former Mystique singer went underwear-free. The trousers are from the brand Area and are the Slim Pant with Cage Strap Cutout. The description says they are “bonded twill suiting slim-flare pants” and feature an “embellished cage strap cutout” at both sides.  They are currently available online for £957 or $1,250. For her hair, Amanda had it half-up, half-down with a slick bun on her head, and she added a pair of dangling silver earrings. Fans commented on her outfit, posting to Instagram, one said: “Absolutely stunning.” Another wrote: “WOW!! Absolutely breathtaking, and a third added: “Your best BGT look EVER.”