Conor Gallagher should leave Chelsea again this summer - either on loan or on a permanent deal - according to former Blues striker Carlton Cole. Gallagher has excelled while on loan at Crystal Palace this season and Cole believes he should move again for the benefit of his career. The 22-year-old has eight goals and three assists to his name in his first campaign in the Premier League. His performances have led to call-ups to the last two England squads and he has already played three times under Gareth Southgate. Gallagher has been at Chelsea since the age of eight but is yet to make a first-team appearance for the Blues. Chelsea are in the middle of a hugely uncertain time as the club attempt to push through a sale following the sanctions placed on their current owner Roman Abramovich. Cole reckons Gallagher must just focus on being at a club where he will play regularly. And he thinks Palace is the right place for him again next season. READ MORE: Erik Ten Hag's first Man Utd target suggests Gary Neville's criticism was correct  Cole told talkSPORT: "Obviously Chelsea are in a bit of a pickle at the moment and I think they're going to need to get everybody... round the troops up basically and see what they're left with and see what they can afford, what they're going to do, see where the new owners want to go. So it's going to be a reset button for Chelsea. "But for him personally, I'd just want to carry on playing, just carry on playing. I would stay [at Palace] yeah, I would stay. "Whether it's on loan for another year or you get bought. It depends what the scenario is. DON'T MISSSimon Jordan tells Man Utd chiefs to ignore Gary Neville over next manager appointment [QUOTES]Man City performed 'chess move' by tricking Man Utd into signing Cristiano Ronaldo [OPINION]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel warned he could be 'made to look stupid' by Timo Werner [QUOTES]  "But I looked at him and I just feel he needs to keep momentum and keep on playing. Now he's got into the England setup by going away from Chelsea so it's perfect for him, it's all set up for him. "It's just what he does now. There's a biting point though, in young players' careers. Whether they go left or right, or they stay or do they twist. For him, I feel he's going to have to twist." Palace brushed aside Arsenal 3-0 at Selhurst Park on Monday. And Cole was impressed with how Patrick Vieira has got his team playing, especially Gallagher.  He added: "Vieira's got them singing from the same hymn sheet. When you look at what he's got assembled there and the way he's got the team spirit. "He's got people like Conor Gallagher. You see him running past the striker, going to close down the goalkeeper. "You can't buy that sort of effort, especially when you've got someone as talented as him. When you've got someone as talented as that working his socks off, that just bodes confidence for the rest of the team."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here