The frustrated caller argued Angela Merkel and other leading political figures in Germany had failed to adopt adequate measures to avoid making the country largely dependent on Russia's natural resources. He warned Berlin would be unable to stand by its pledge to Ukraine as he warned cutting off gas imports without appropriate preparation could "shatter our economy and seriously destabilise our society." Chancellor Olaf Scholz insisted Germany would take the necessary steps to find alternative energy sources but warned it could take up to 20 years to draw up and implement the new legislation. Asked whether he agreed Mrs Merkel's legacy appears to be unravelling "by the day," Ulf from Hamburg told LBC: "Yeah. "What we're headed for some time is another form of confronting our past because, without a doubt, we Germans messed up very very badly. "Angela Merkel was part of that. Gerhard Schröder most certainly was part of that. And a lot of other people. "Our present president, Mr Steinmeier, was part of that as Foreign Minister, just ask President Zelensky. READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S UKRAINE LIVE BLOG  He added: "Even when there's peace and stability, we're headed for interesting times in Germany because there will be some serious introspection. "And the result is not going to be pretty." Former Chancellor Merkel came under heavy criticism over the Nord Stream 2 deal negotiated with Russia under her premiership. Construction of the gas pipeline, which would have linked mainland Russia to Germany and consequently contributed to distributing more of Russia's gas across the European continent, was suspended shortly after the start of the invasion of Ukraine began in February. READ MORE: Have Your Say: MP slams EU red tape for STILL holding Britain back - well, is it? And Gerhard Schröder sparked controversy before the start of the war after he was nominated to join the board of directors of state-owned Russian energy company Gazprom, which was behind the Nord Stream 2 pipeline. Schröder, a longtime friend of Russian leader Vladimir Putin, had also accused Kyiv of "saber-rattling" within weeks of Moscow launching their so-called "special military operation" across the border. Addressing concerns over Germany, and the rest of Europe, still filling Russia's coffers with gas money, Chancellor Scholz insisted his country will do whatever it can to ensure a complete break with Moscow is achieved. DON'T MISS: 'Modern Napoleon!' Macron slammed for 'foolish' Putin 'appeasement' [ANALYSIS] 'Take them all f***ing out!' Leaked audio of Putin's 'war crimes' [REVEAL] Orban revolts against West as Hungary will pay Putin for gas in RUBLES [INSIGHT] Speaking during a visit to London, the German leader said: "We are doing all we can and we are doing a lot. "I think it is a very strong decision we took to go away from the use of fossil resources. "We invest into becoming the country who will just be using renewables for electricity and energy supply we need. "This will be with off-shore winds, with wind onshore, it will be solar and we will invest into our grid." He continued: "This will take place over approximately 20 years. And this is really a tough agenda."