Alison Steadman, arguably best known for her role as Pamela Shipman in the hit comedy Gavin and Stacey, has opened up about her long career and admitted she was "getting old". BBC Three's latest comedy show, Here We Go, follows a year in the life of the irrepressible Jessop family as filmed by the youngest son, Sam (played by Jude Morgan-Collie). Alison's character, Sue Jessop, is the warm and loving mother who gets herself involved in the family's life wherever she can. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press at the launch event for the show, Alison touched on what drew her to want to play Sue. She explained: "Sue is a nutter, and it is fun to play nutters! She is a nutter, but it was good fun to play, and she loves her son to bits, and she loves her grandkids. "She just says what comes into her head, she has got no stop, she has got no filter, and that is fun, it is just good fun to play." When asked about the style in which the show is filmed and having to do long takes, Alison admitted that the days were tiring as she is "getting old". READ MORE: Simon Cowell admits BGT bosses ‘carefully’ cut controversial acts "I enjoyed the filming 100 per cent, but I have to say I did find the long takes exhausting, probably because I'm getting old now. "All my career, I have been told right from the start do not catch the lens, do not look into the lens and then suddenly I had to look into the lens! "That felt really odd at first, but I got used to it, but them long takes with no breaks was tough, but it was a fun way to do it, and I really enjoyed it." When asked whether she compared herself to the role of Sue and used her own personal experience to add to the character, Alison explained: "Not particularly. "I don't think Sue had got much of me in her except we're both from Liverpool. So that's it! But I love the family link because I love my family, and I love my two boys, and I'm happiest when we're all together. "I think Sue’s like that she just loves being with her family and just popping round there and sitting on the couch." The series was written by Tom Basden after being influenced by his own personal life throughout the coronavirus pandemic. Here We Go follows the highs and lows of the family as they navigate a combination of life’s everyday challenges. DON'T MISS...Alison Steadman hits out at 'woke' backlash over Gavin and Stacey [INSIGHT]A lot of butter in this!' Alison Steadman hits out at James Martin [LATEST]Alison Steadman says cast weren't close during BBC project  [WATCH] This includes changing careers, keeping the romance alive within a marriage, adopting a healthier lifestyle and things that audiences will relate to in their own life. BBC Three originally aired a pilot episode in 2020, which saw the family's disastrous attempt to carve out a holiday in the midst of the pandemic. New episodes in the series see youngest son Sam continue to document the Jessop family across the year. Each episode navigates throughout time in each episode, from being two weeks or six months, which offers a more intimate and absurd exposé of a modern British family doing its best to support each other. Within the family, mum Rachel (Katherine Parkinson) tries to keep their family dynamic from falling apart, with daily struggles to keep up with the modern-day life of her two teenage children. Husband Paul (Jim Howick) adds stress to Rachel's life as he often acts like the third child alongside trying to keep his Olympic archery career alive. Oldest child Amy (Freya Parks) is struggling to navigate her way through a long-distance relationship with her girlfriend Maya (Mica Ricketts) and finding out what she wants to do with the rest of her life. Their son, Sam, continues to film their daily life with brief visits from their uncle Robin (Tom Basden) and his girlfriend Cherry (Tori Allen-Martin). Here We Go will air weekly on BBC One at 8.30pm on Friday 29TH April and will also be available as a box set on BBC iPlayer.