Max Verstappen qualified in second behind Charles Leclerc during today's qualifying session at the Australian Grand Prix. The Dutchman is looking to close the gap on his Monegasque rival, who leads the drivers' standings. Verstappen won the world championship last year, the first of his career, after a dramatic last lap victory in Abu Dhabi. One man who was there providing support to the Red Bull man was father Jos, himself a former F1 driver. He has been there since the beginning of Verstappen's karting days, and both Dutchmen revealed that they didn't always see eye-to-eye during the early days of Verstappen's career. As The Sun reported in December, Verstappen once commented on his relationship with his father when he was a young boy. The Dutchman revealed that he fell out with his father in 2012. He was 15 at the time, when his dad kicked him out of his van as punishment for crashing in the second lap of a world championship kart race in Sarno, near Naples, Italy. While Jos left his son at a petrol station, Verstappen junior had to be picked up by his mum, go-karting champion Sophie Kumpen, according to reports. Recalling the row, Verstappen once said: “I should have won that race easily. On the first lap, someone overtook me and I wanted to regain my position on the next lap. “I tried to pass on a very fast turn. He didn’t see me and we hit. “My dad worked very hard that weekend and I threw it all away. He was very angry and didn’t talk to me. "On the way home, about five miles away, he said something to me and we ended up arguing.” Jos also told the Daily Mail in December: "I didn’t speak to him for six or seven days. It was a big mistake he made. READ MORE: FIA take aim at Verstappen with Red Bull ace forced to change tactics  "I was very angry, disappointed and he really needed to think about it, not just for an hour or two, but longer. I knew what I was doing. "I think it helped him and shaped him. It is not my job to advise him now. "We talk about everyday life and I am here if he needs me. But he is his own man and all I can do is sit and watch and hope he gets a little bit of luck." Jos remembered an F3 race in 2014 when he leaned over the pit wall to cheer his son on. DON'T MISS Charles Leclerc was upset by 'arrogance' criticism [INSIGHT] Max Verstappen was branded a 'yob' by brutal Jeremy Clarkson [ANALYSIS] Australian Grand Prix UK start time: When will Lewis Hamilton race? [INSIGHT] Speaking to his son’s sponsor CarNext in January, Jos said: “I even hung over the pit wall in Formula 3 to encourage him to go faster. I have to say, it helped. “He saw me as a lunatic. Hanging over the pit wall. "Luckily, he doesn’t need that now. It’s in him and he brings it out now. He knows how to qualify. “At the beginning of his career in Formula 3, he had to search for that perfect lap. He has improved enormously in Formula 1. Now he is the man to beat on the track.”