Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has appeared to play some mind games with his team selection for the FA Cup semi-final against Liverpool by refusing to confirm whether Kevin De Bruyne, Kyle Walker or Ruben Dias will be fit to feature. City go up against Liverpool for the second time in the space of a week on Saturday when they go toe-to-toe for a place in the FA Cup final.   In between the two fixtures between both teams, the Premier League sides booked their place in the Champions League semi-finals. Liverpool drew 3-3 with Benfica on Wednesday, but won the tie 6-4 on aggregate after a strong first leg. Jurgen Klopp made seven changes from the side which drew with City last weekend with the likes of Mohamed Salah, Virgil van Dijk and Fabinho all named on the bench. City's match against Atletico Madrid was an even tighter affair after they held a slender 1-0 lead from the first leg. They faced a hostile atmosphere at the Wanda Metropolitano with tensions running high throughout the match. And Guardiola's worst fears were realised with both Walker and De Bruyne forced off with injuries. JUST IN: Man City changes Guardiola must make for FA Cup semi after injuries  Dias, who has missed City's last eight games through injury, was also only fit enough for the bench as an unused substitute. Guardiola's side were able to hold off Atletico to advance to the semi-finals, but reports this week claim both De Bruyne and Walker are not fit to face Liverpool this weekend. However, the Spaniard has refused to rule out either playing against Liverpool while also keeping his cards close to his chest on Dias returning. "We will see tomorrow about De Bruyne and Walker," Guardiola said. "Ruben Dias trained today and we will see about him." DON'T MISS  Guardiola was asked for more detail on Walker's injury with the Spaniard hinting that his first-choice right-back is already on the mend. "He would have remained on the pitch. He had a big twist but it is getting better," he added. "In football these kind of things happen but we will adapt and adjust." Liverpool star Salah did pick up a knock after he came on against Benfica, but Klopp expects the Egypt international to be fit to face City. However, there is more concern over Diogo Jota's involvement with the Liverpool boss admitting on Wednesday the Portuguese forward will face a late fitness test. Klopp said: "Mo's knock, I don't know really, nobody told me yet. I changed with two physios and nobody said to me Mo has a problem, so for the moment everybody should be fine." He added: "Diogo pulled up slightly directly after the game. There's a good chance he will be all right but we need to have a look tomorrow. That's it."