Gardening expert Monty Don has returned to our TV screens for the latest season of Gardeners’ World. The lead host of the show shared more seasonal tips in the fifth episode of the 2022 series. His advice included how to deadhead daffodils, feed container plants and support plants. The 66-year-old said gardeners should start supporting their plants “now” to “avoid trouble” later on in the year. Monty showed viewers the support he had built for his cardoons. He said: “This is a support for the cardoon. “The cardoon foliage is now really beginning to grow. READ MORE: Pink Floyd's David Gilmour lives in Sussex' 2nd most expensive village “But it's the flowers and their stems that need the support. “They will grow right up here with great artichoke heads on these long stems. “As summer goes by, they start to flop and if we have some bad weather they do get bashed.” Monty said the flowers will end up growing an arm above his head.  DON'T MISSKill weeds on driveways and paths with boiling water [INSIGHT]Weeding: How to create an ‘affordable’ weed killer in seconds [UPDATE]Potatoes: ‘Important tip’ when choosing a potato variety to grow [ANALYSIS] Cardoons are known as artichoke thistles and are a member of the sunflower family. The plant flowers from June to September and used to be grown as a vegetable. Cardoons produce a fat thistle of buds which look a bit like artichokes. To “combat” cardoons from “falling over or bending” Monty has created a semi-permanent structure. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He added: “We've got them on all the cardoons here in the Jewel Garden. “The crucial thing with this - as with anything that you support in your borders - is to do it before it needs it. “It’s preventative, not to recover a bad situation. “So you can use wood, you can use metal, you can use whatever you like, but gently start supporting plants now and that will avoid trouble.  “And they very quickly disappear - you won't see any of these supports in a month or two.” Cardoons can be sown from March to May and planted from May to June. They are known for attracting bees and other pollinators and produce seeds for birds. Gardeners’ World can be streamed on BBC iPlayer