Owain Wyn Evans has been a familiar face on BBC Breakfast since 2021 as a journalist, newsreader and weatherman. In addition to his television work, he is known for his drumming, which became well-known after posting videos of himself on social media during the lockdown, and his LGBTQ activism. So, it’s no wonder viewers are eager to know more about the 38-year-old’s personal life, including who he is married to. The TV star began his broadcasting career at the age of 18 when he became the presenter of the Welsh-language children's news programme Ffeil. However, Owain landed his first major reporting role for BBC Wales in 2021, where he presented weather forecasts across many BBC regional shows and most recently, the reality star made his debut as a host on The One Show. In terms of the more personal aspects of his life, the popular newsreader has been quite open about his husband and life-long partner Arran Rees. He and Arran, who previously worked for the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, got engaged back in 2013 in Las Vegas. READ MORE:Prince Charles ‘at end of tether’ with Prince Harry Arran is a columnist and has worked for historical centres, advanced gathering and assortment the board, social strategy, and methodology. Sharing their engagement on Twitter, Owain wrote: "We are exhausted… look at us!” “Had a fabulous day with my @ArranJRees," adding a diamond ring emoji. Owain, who has a big social media presence, has been involved in an array of charity events, including Children in Need. The BBC weatherman made Children in Need history after his drumathon became the charity's most successful 24hr challenge ever. The broadcaster raised £3million since first picking up his drumsticks and told BBC Radio Wales Breakfast he felt "honoured" to be a part of the challenge. He said: “I've heard that something has been broken - I don't know what, other than lots of drumsticks!" Owain went on to say: “To hear that it's raised that much... I'm speechless." More recently, viewers have seen Owain take part in the BBC’s brand new series, Freeze The Fear. The show, which debuted earlier this month, follows a group of celebrities taking on challenges in sub-zero temperatures. Hosts Holly Willoughby and Lee Mack shower the celebs with support, while extreme athlete Wim Hof, who is best known for his ability to withstand icy conditions, pushes the recruits so they can face their fears and overcome their worries. Fans of the reality show have already seen the Welsh broadcaster break down in tears after he felt overwhelmed by the challenges set. Owain felt overwhelmed with emotion preparing to jump into a frozen lake, while co-star Gabby Logan jumped in and lost her breath moments before. While looking down at the lake, Owain confessed: "I'm really… I'm really scared." A concerned Holly asked: "What is it you're struggling with so much?" The BBC star, who had tears in his eyes, explained: “You know, some people are scared of heights and some people are scared of cold and just seeing this is just so terrifying. And I just don't like ice.”