Dr Kipper, who has worked as Johnny Depp's personal doctor, has claimed the Pirates of the Caribbean actor informed him he had chopped part of his own finger off with a knife, revealing in his court testimony: "I think that's what it said, yes." The doctor's testimony contradicts previous claims made by Depp that his ex-wife Amber Heard was responsible for the horrifying injury. The 58-year-old had claimed that 35-year-old Amber had hurled a vodka bottle at him in a rage, resulting in part of his finger being cut off. He'd also told the court as part of his first defamation case in the UK in 2019 that he'd feared for his life after an attack by her. However, Dr Kipper has now testified that he could see blood around the home, but not on the glass shards from the broken bottle Amber is alleged to have thrown. Kipper attended the scene after being summoned when a chef found Johnny's finger tip in the kitchen. READ NOW: Piers Morgan brands GMB exit a 'farce', calling Meghan 'shameful' Meanwhile, Johnny maintains that Amber attacked him, as he fights his $50 million defamation case against the Aquaman actress some six years after their initial divorce. He had previously stated of his injury: "I had to have three surgeries to reconstruct my finger and contracted MRSA three times. I feared that I would lose my finger, my arm and my life." Meanwhile, Dr Kipper also referred to a text written by Depp saying he himself had "cut the top of my middle finger off. What should I do? Go to the hospital? I’m so embarrassed for jumping into anything with [Amber]". Months later, he shared another text with his doctor stating: "My deformed finger and I have no friends!!! By the way…Amber and I have been absolutely perfect for three f***ing months solid!!! I have locked my monster child away in a cage within and it has f***ing worked!!!" Depp was previously known for referring to the side of him that emerged when he was under the influence of drugs as "the monster". However, Kipper, who had previously been Amber's physician too, stated that he had not been notified of any physical fighting between the pair. It was the couple's marriage counsellor, Dr Laurel Anderson, who offered to shed more light on that claim when her testimony was revealed to the court. When asked whether Johnny had been violent towards Amber, she replied: "Yes, you're right." DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [UPDATE] Julia Bradbury shares insight to her biggest 'support' [INSIGHT] A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman reflects on bad weather [LATEST]  Claiming the pair had been victims of domestic violence situations in their own homes growing up and that Depp had been "well controlled" for decades, she added: "With Ms. Heard he was triggered, and they engaged in what I saw as mutual abuse." She had added that Amber would sometimes initiate the fights to keep him responsive. The marriage guidance therapist elaborated that she was triggered by him walking away, as abandonment was her "worst nightmare". She stated that she did notice multiple small bruises on Amber's face, but Johnny has maintained he believes they were painted on with make-up. That was also the testimony given by Johnny's childhood friend Isaac Baruch, who took the stand last week to accuse Amber of "a malicious lie". Johnny had become artist Isaac's patron and sponsored him to create artwork by providing him with free use of a penthouse apartment and helping him find buyers for his paintings. However, Isaac claimed in the court that Depp hadn't painted for "years" - and that his break from work was due to the upset caused by Amber. The court also heard yesterday from Depp's former private nurse Debbie Lloyd, who told of his addiction to prescription drugs, as well as an incident when he had "punched a whiteboard after a fight". Her notes stated that he had become dependent on drugs after having dental work done. "Patient is fearful of coming off opioids, but knows it’s something he needs to do," one comment read. Subsequent text messages between Johnny, Debbie and Dr Kipper revealed his sadness that he had been "fired" by the latter - but Debbie clarified that Dr Kipper would only resume care if he "stopped using" drugs.