Christianity is inherently political. The confession of the earliest Christians that Jesus is “Lord” and “Saviour” was a claim not only that Jesus was in charge, but that Caesar was not. Politics is, literally, about the welfare of the city. To be political is to care about how society is run and how people are treated, and that is a central concern to all Christians.  I worked in politics for a number of years, driven by a conviction that if I was serious about loving God and my neighbour as myself, it made sense to work in the institutions that affected the lives of my neighbours, especially the most vulnerable. It’s totally understandable, therefore, that the Archbishop of Canterbury used his Easter sermon to reflect on the cost-of-living crisis, war in Ukraine, and sending asylum seekers overseas, alongside the events of the first Easter morning. His intervention caused a storm. One such critic was Ben Bradley, MP for Mansfield.“I think we separated the Church from the State a long time ago so commenting on government policy is not Justin Welby’s job,” he said. “He’s usually well out of tune with public opinion and he undermines the role of the Church when he comes out with daft statements like this.” Mr Bradley’s comments were factually wrong on every point.  In the first place, the Church of England is the state church in England. Secondly, commenting on government policy is an essential Christian responsibility. Thirdly, whether or not the teaching of the Church is in “tune” with public opinion is irrelevant. The moral authority of the Church does not come from its popularity but the extent to which it is faithful to Christ and his teaching. The assertion that the Church should “keep out of politics” is a tired, old canard. It comes out of the Enlightenment belief in a split universe, where “God” is detached from this world, leaving us, rather like an elderly aunt, to look after ourselves and visit him on Sun-days. But that’s not Christianity. In the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus, God not only enters into human suffering, but defeats evil, overcomes death, and launches a new creation.  In this sense, the resurrection of Jesus is a political act, and the task of the Church is to bear witness to God’s new world. This witness can be costly. The German Lutheran pastor, Dietrich Bonhoeffer, was an anti-Nazi dissident, and a key founding member of the Confessing Church. His resistance to Hitler led to his execution in 1945, just as the Nazi regime was collapsing. It is not enough, especially in a less religiously literate age, to condemn an action of government as against the Bible or opposed to God. The Church has to give an account of its ethical reasoning. It’s important to explain why a policy is wrong. Does a policy undermine the inherent dignity of human beings? Does it unnecessary restrict human freedom? Does it involve the state overreaching itself? Does it contribute to the wellbeing of a small minority rather than society as a whole?  It is not unreasonable to ask church leaders to suggest alternative solutions to problems political parties are trying to address. In his Easter sermon, the Arch-bishop focused on the principle of sending asylum seekers overseas. The CofE has in fact presented evidence and ideas for safe and legal routes for migrants, and churches across the country are providing practical help of all kinds to migrants in need. In doing politics, there are some pitfalls for the Church to avoid. In the first place, church leaders should resist engaging in party politics and waving party membership cards around. God is neither Conservative, Labour, nor a Liberal Democrat. The Christian faith transcends party politics.  Secondly, it’s vital that the Church embodies the change it seeks. In 2013, Justin Welby acknowledged that he was “embarrassed” and “irritated” by the news that the Church of England invested, albeit indirectly, in Wonga after announcing that the Church would try to force the firm out of business. Steps were taken to change that, but the Church needs to authentically model what a good society looks like. Of course, the Church, like all human organisations, is imperfect and can make mistakes, not least in politics. But the church envisaged in the New Testament is a radical new community within which life in all its fullness is discovered. That is a vision that we must work towards in all our dealings, political and otherwise. 