The attacks will be blamed on Ukrainian agents and used to increase public support for the war, as well as to bolster army recruitment campaigns. The plan is to blow up residential buildings in the border areas of the Belgorod region and in Crimea. Details of the plot were leaked to a renowned Russian human rights campaigner, Vladimir Osechkin, who has been living in exile in France since 2015. Mr Osechkin published parts of the letter on his organisation's website - gulagu.net - on April 10. In the letter, the FSB agent wrote: "Under the control of one of the departments of the Service, the application of V and Z symbols has begun on residential buildings in regions with a particularly high level of 'symbolic vandalism'." (i.e areas where anti-war graffiti has appeared) "The border areas in the Crimea and Belgorod go separately - they will make special emphasis there. "It is precisely on these objects that supposedly sabotage strikes can be inflicted (although I am inclined to consider this direct terrorism) in order to increase the level of terrorist threat, readiness for covert mobilisation (mass contracting with conscripts and reservists), etc." The security agent warns that these terrorist attacks could have unwanted consequences for the authorities. He said: "No one will inform our colleagues on the ground, I can't predict the level of planned damage and the presence of victims. "But such actions (terrorist attacks and hundreds of civilian casualties) will be able to provoke processes that will go beyond any forecasts of the authors of this approach." The informant urges his FSB colleagues to have no part in implementing the plans, telling them that they will bear the ultimate responsibility for the consequences. He concluded: "None of us needs any acts of demonstrative intimidation, much less explosions of residential buildings with people inside. "If this scenario is implemented now, then completely insane processes will start for everyone." READ MORE: Putin on alert as Sweden and Finland eye NATO membership Mr Osechkin has been at the forefront of campaigns exposing the use of torture by the Russian state against prisoners and its political opponents. Recently he revealed that inmates at the OTB-1 prison hospital in Saratov were tortured and raped in order to force them to cooperate with the FSB and prison-service officers (FSIN). For his troubles, the human rights activist was added for a second time to Russia's list of wanted criminals. The Russian army is currently trying to bolster its forces ahead of an expected massive attack in Ukraine's Donbas region. The Ukrainians have inflicted huge casualties on their opponents, with estimates suggesting the Russians have already lost over 10,000 soldiers. 37-38 Russian battalions are believed to be "combat non-effective" after suffering heavy losses to equipment and personnel in battles around Kyiv, Chernihiv and Sumy. DON'T MISS Russian troops given permission to rape by wives ‘Use protection' [NEWS]Bulgaria and Greece break EU ranks with new nuclear plan [SPOTLIGHT]Japan tipped to join AUKUS as hypersonic missile deal to terrify Putin [REVEAL] The Russian Ministry of Defence has desperately been trying to boost the number of troops at its disposal. At the end of March, Putin signed a decree ordering 134,500 new conscripts into the army. On Tuesday, the head of Ukraine's military intelligence claimed that Russia was planning a series of "false flag" attacks that could be used to justify a new military offensive. Major General Kyrylo Budanov said: "Russian intelligence services are planning a series of terrorist attacks with bombing and compromising residential buildings, hospitals and schools in Russian settlements. “Trenches are actively being dug in the Belgorod and Kursk regions, there is panic about an imaginary attack of Ukrainian volunteer battalions and diversion groups.”