F1 icon Lewis Hamilton has been backed to finish ahead of George Russell this year by Express Sport readers. The new Mercedes partnership have endured a tough start to the season, sparking debate as to when, or if, the Silver Arrows can launch a fightback and also conversations over who of the new duo will come out on top. Having scooped up the past eight Constructors' Championships in a row, it is clear that Mercedes will not be extending that run unless circumstances change. Porpoising issues have wreaked havoc with their performance which has left them trailing the leaders, as talk turns to which of the Silver Arrows pair will finish as top dog. Russell is in the midst of his first season at Mercedes since making the step up from Williams. Hamilton, meanwhile, has been part of an incredibly successful journey since 2013 and scooped up six world titles along the way, to add to the one he won at McLaren. More than 10,000 Express Sport readers voted in a recent poll concerning which of the drivers would finish ahead in the Drivers' Championship this year. Despite his comparatively poor start to the season, Hamilton received 58 per cent of the vote to Russell's 42 per cent. JUST IN: Christian Horner has 'no idea' if Mercedes affected by Red Bull stealing staff Hamilton is therefore tipped to pick up the pace as Russell sits ahead in the standings after two races. Last time out the 37-year-old endured a nightmare weekend in Saudi Arabia, failing to make it out of Q1 for the first time since 2017 and stuttering to a 10th-place finish. Russell, meanwhile, executed a damage limitation job by taking the chequered flag in fifth, adding to another solid fourth-place finish in the season's Bahrain curtain-raiser. Hamilton claimed an unlikely podium in the same race after both Red Bull cars retired, but the first two contests have left him six points behind his younger team-mate. DON'T MISSMercedes have doubts Lewis Hamilton's car is 'fast enough' [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton car a 'bucking bronco' as Red Bull plan not working [INSIGHT]F1 chief Rob Smedley eases Lewis Hamilton fears with clear warning [ANALYSIS] Hamilton's inferior position has been left to fester over the two-week break and he will be keen to re-establish himself as top dog in every aspect. If Mercedes' lack of pace means that he cannot avenge last season's heartbreaking world title defeat against Max Verstappen, he will at least be desperate to show Russell who is boss at the Silver Arrows. More painful for Hamilton is that Red Bull have granted Verstappen another competitive car. The Dutchman battled to a tough victory in Jeddah last time out, overcoming Ferrari's Charles Leclerc who has seemingly replaced the Brit in this year's war for the crown. It remains to be seen whether Mercedes will be able to work their way back into the fight. Time is of the essence to remedy the porpoising issue, and Russell is optimistic that great things can happen if mechanics find a cure. "We're still learning and that's why we're far from optimal," he said, "But that's why I said if we solve the porpoising, that would cure I would say 99 per cent of our issues."