Dawn French, 64, rubbished claims that she is now “unrecognisable” after contracting Covid last week. The comedian revealed she had tested positive with a picture of a lateral flow test, shared to her 438,000 Instagram followers. Despite coming down with the virus, Dawn appeared to be in good spirits and posted a cheerful snap of herself in front of some colourful flowers on Sunday. The Vicar Of Dibley star cut a casual figure while she enjoyed her weekend walk. With only the top of her face visible in the photo, she could be seen wearing glasses with her silver hair tied back in two braids. She captioned the happy post: “Still with the [Covid] but cheerfully Springy as hell here.” READ MORE:Sandra Bullock stuns as Channing Tatum gazes at actress However, Dawn was then taken aback by a report claiming that she looked “unrecognisable”. The French and Saunders star retweeted a headline from an article that stated: “Dawn French looks unrecognisable with glasses and pigtails after getting Covid.” Tickled by the headline, Dawn shared six laughing emojis and exclaimed: “WHAAAAT?!?!?!” It amused hundreds of her followers too, and many took to the comments to share anecdotes of their own. Jayne quipped: “I LOVE the idea that we all get glasses and pigtails after getting Covid. Like it's part of the recovery process everyone has to go through. Newsreaders, footballers, politicians, everyone." Justin joked: “Scary side effect that no one is talking about! I had glasses and pigtails for weeks and that was after getting the booster!” While Alan hilariously said: “As a fairly bald man, if catching Covid will give me enough hair for pigtails then I'm off to catch it.” And Debbie wrote: “I took two paracetamol and my pigtails cleared up.” DON'T MISSKelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home[INSIGHT]Chris Rock's brother hits out at Will Smith again over Oscars slap[LATEST]Zoe Ball forced to leave midway through Radio 2 show due to illness[NEWS] In a new update on Monday, Dawn revealed that she had tested negative. “Do one [Covid],” she wrote alongside a snap of a negative lateral flow test. It comes after Dawn swapped her trademark brunette bob to go au naturel with a grey pixie cut. Speaking in February, Dawn said she was ready to embrace the new hairdo after years of dyeing it. She explained on BBC Radio 2's Zoe Ball Breakfast Show: “It took a while to do it, because I’ve been dyeing [my hair] for so long, and do you know what I feel, Zoe? It’s just hair! “That’s all it is - it’s hair. You know, we spend so much time and money on it and I’m the guiltiest of that and I loved my hair. It took me 30 minutes to do it everyday and I loved that bob. “But I’m ready for this now and not to be dyeing it anymore and kind of embracing the grey.”