On Saturday night, Oti Mabuse will make her debut with her new ITV dating show Romeo & Duet. The musical matchmaking series will see singletons standing on a balcony as they are serenaded by potential love matches who they can hear, but not see. The seven-part prime-time series gives its singers just one song to entice a singleton down from the balcony. Only then will the pair come face-to-face for the first time. The newly formed couple will then head off on a duet-date to learn a song, before returning later in the show to perform that number in the ultimate romantic love battle. They will then compete against other couples in the hopes of being crowned the winners. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry The crowd’s chosen couple then gets whisked off for another date to see if love can truly blossom. Discussing her new show ahead of the first episode, Oti began: "It’s a fun dating show that is crossed with music and singing. "Contestants come on hoping to find love, and they also have a love for singing. It’s the perfect entertainment show for the whole family.” Romeo & Duet will be Oti's first solo project since she announced her exit from Strictly Come Dancing. Speaking about what she loves about her new role, Oti said: “Everything is an unfulfilled ambition for me! Literally everything. "I love Romeo & Duet," she went on before commenting it's a role that's long been on the wishlist: "When I’m presenting or hosting, I always wanted something where I can connect with people and communicate and get to know them. "I was getting to connect with them and that’s what I really wanted. It’s been a great experience. "I loved being able to ask the contestants questions as well, when they came down, saying, ‘Why didn’t you come down?’ or ‘Do you have regret…’. Reading links and trying to do the whole thing, concentrating and to not look like you’re super stressed." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Amy Barlow blamed for Summer Spellman death [SPOILERS]Steve Fletcher opens up on getting sister Suzie Repair Shop role [INSIGHT]Vera star speaks on having exclusive access to key location [NEWS] The 31-year-old went on to tease whether she thinks the contestants will find love on the show. She recalled: "I am confident. Not all of them do find love [but] some of them you can genuinely see it through the screen." "We could feel it, definitely, when we were watching and just experiencing the whole thing," she added. "[We could tell when] they had the most chemistry and that they’re going to get on really well." The professional dancer confirmed in February that she was stepping away from the BBC show after seven years. Oti decided to hang up her dancing show after winning two years in a row with Kelvin Fletcher and Bill Bailey. Despite calling Strictly her "home" and her colleagues her "family", Oti explained in a statement she wanted to try new things. “I can’t put into words how difficult this decision has been, but I have decided not to return for the next series," the dancer penned on Instagram. “Dance will always be my first love and to everyone, my family, friends, Strictly fans who have been my support throughout my Strictly journey, thank you for being incredible! You are irreplaceable in my heart and have made every day unforgettable! I love you. “I will always Keeeep Dancing! and I will never forget my amazing Strictly experience!” (sic) Romeo & Duet starts on Saturday at 7pm on ITV and ITV Hub.