Designers created the online tool after a poll of 750 grassroots players revealed amateurs are trying to emulate Premier League footballers – by wearing hair bands, rolling down their socks, and even getting tattoos. Nearly half (47 percent) said they even “borrow” fashion tips from Premier League stars, and over two-fifths even monitor their performance on the pitch by using smart watches. But it is not just sports science which has been adopted by amateurs – a quarter of players copy goal celebrations, and two in ten attempt to “Bend It Like Beckham” and score from the half-way line. Grassroots players also copy their favourite players on the pitch by putting on brightly coloured boots, wearing gloves like Paul Pogba, or hairbands like Jack Grealish to avoid getting their hair in a mess. And over one in ten choose to roll their socks down with small shin pads, put Vicks on the top of their shirt, and cut the ends off socks, just like Harry Kane. A spokesman for online betting sporting website CopyBet, which commissioned the research, said: “Football has changed from top to bottom, with amateur players taking inspiration from today’s footballing stars – such as Phil Foden, Virgil van Dijk, and Cristiano Ronaldo. “Football is universal, and with the players in the Premier and Scottish Premier League all starting at grassroots level, it is good to see their influence spreading back throughout the beautiful game.” The study found amateur players have been so inspired by footballing teams that they have purchased an advertised product (30 percent), backed a charitable campaign (26 percent), and even named their pet after them (22 percent). And almost one in five have gone as far as dying their own hair in their favourite team’s colours. Nearly a third of players said they copy elite footballers as they are a huge fan of the sport, while one in four (24 percent) admit it creates a bit of fun for the game. A further one in five (18 percent) said they follow the game religiously. Manchester United superstar Cristiano Ronaldo is having a larger influence on grassroots football than any other Premier League player – followed by Harry Kane (14 percent), Mohammed Salah (13 percent), and Kevin De Bruyne (11 percent). And in terms of Scottish Premier League players, amateurs also copy stars such as Kieran Tierney, John McGinn, Giorgos Giakoumakis, and Daizen Maeda. The poll, via OnePoll, found two in ten amateur players go as far to adopt the playing style of Liverpool, with Jürgen Klopp being the most popular manager they want to play for. Other team styles copied on the pitch include Aston Villa, Brentford, and Brighton and Hove Albion – with Scottish athletes Celtic and Rangers also considered by grassroots players. The spokesman for CopyBet added: “With grassroots footballers playing an average of four games a month and the Premier League stars performing regularly, it is no surprise that players will get inspiration each week. “We set up this quiz to see if amateurs really do emulate the biggest stars of the beautiful game.” TOP 10 ON PITCH ATTRIBUTES GRASSROOTS PLAYERS HAVE COPIED FROM PREMIER LEAGUE FOOTBALLERS: TOP 10 PLAYING STYLE ATTRIBUTES GRASSROOTS PLAYERS HAVE COPIED FROM PREMIER LEAGUE FOOTBALLERS: TOP 5 OFF THE PITCH ATTRIBUTES GRASSROOTS PLAYERS HAVE COPIED FROM PREMIER LEAGUE FOOTBALLERS: TOP 10 PREMIER LEAGUE PLAYERS GRASSROOTS STRIVE TO COPY: