As a child, the Queen prayed hard for her mother to give birth to a male heir who could take the throne instead of her, according to royal biographer Ian Lloyd. In The Queen: 70 Chapters in the Life of Elizabeth II, the author claims that the Queen Mother also wanted a son. Ms Lloyd said: “The Queen Mother really wanted a son, and the young Elizabeth hoped for a brother - then she wouldn’t have to be Queen.” The royal author claimed that the young princess “prayed hard” for a brother to succeed her in the line of succession after the abdication of Edward VIII in 1936. In his new book, he writes: “Margaret Rhodes [first cousin of the Queen] recalled that following the 1936 abdication, which resulted in Elizabeth becoming heiress presumptive, Princess Elizabeth prayed hard for a brother to succeed her in the line of succession. “She, of course, never had one.” Despite the wishes of the young princess, the Queen has become Britain’s longest-serving monarch.  The 11-year-old Princess Elizabeth watched the coronation of her father just 16 years before she herself was crowned Queen. The Queen was 25 years old when she was crowned on 2 June, 1953 at Westminster Abbey. She succeeded to the Throne on the 6 February, 1952, after the death of her father, King George VI. Her Majesty celebrated her 96th birthday yesterday, April 21, and will commemorate her official birthday in June, coinciding with her Platinum Jubilee. Mr Lloyd told OK!: “The Queen’s legacy is being Britain’s longest-reigning monarch, and she’s celebrated for her discretion, duty, self-sacrifice and commitment to her country and the Commonwealth.” The Queen has remained dedicated to service for 70 years. After the death of her husband Prince Philip in April 2021, there were rumours that the monarch may consider abdicating. However, royal experts were quick to quash the suggestion. READ MORE: Monarchy hit with crisis as four Caribbean countries reject tour  At the time, Conservative MP and Royal Family supporter Andrew Rosindell told Express.co.uk: “I don't think anyone should even suggest it because the idea the Queen would give up her role is unthinkable. “She has dedicated her life to serving the country and the Commonwealth. There is absolutely no way the Queen should relinquish that role and will carry on until her life is over.” Speaking ahead of the annual Commonwealth Day service in March this year, which she was unable to attend for the first time in a decade, she reaffirmed that her life “will always be devoted in service”. She added that she was happy to reaffirm the pledge she made in 1947 to devote her life in service to the nation and Commonwealth. Despite her ill health in recent months, having contracted COVID-19 and suffered a number of health issues, the Queen has been determined to keep up royal engagements from Windsor Castle, which has become her main residence since the loss of her husband. Her Majesty also attended Prince Philip’s memorial service last month to celebrate the life of the Duke of Edinburgh.  DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: 'Is it enough?' Harry opens up about 'struggle' [LIVE]Royal Family: Harry found bombshell interview question 'awkward' [INSIGHT]Royal Family: Prince Harry reduces youth reporters to tears [LATEST] The service for Prince Philip, who died in April 2021 aged 99, was organised as Covid restrictions meant only 30 people were able to attend his funeral last year. However, the monarch will reportedly no longer attend events on her own and will always be accompanied by a member of the royal family, according to a royal source. The Queen was accompanied the Prince Philip’s memorial by son Prince Andrew, in his first public appearance since settling a civil sex assault case brought against him by Virginia Giuffre. Under a new strategy, royal aides will not confirm the Queen’s attendance only on the day of the event as “the assumption” will be that she will not attend, a royal insider told the Daily Mail. Prince Charles and Camilla stepped in to represent the Queen at the annual Maundy Service last week after the monarch was forced to pull out. Meanwhile, the British public are hopeful Her Majesty will be fit enough to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony during her Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. 