Former Manchester City and Barcelona star Yaya Toure is reportedly impressing behind the scenes at Tottenham. The ex-midfielder has been working with the club’s youth-team groups, and is believed to have had a strong influence on the youngsters he has taken charge of so far. Spurs hired Toure back in December, with the former Ivory Coast midfielder since working with their youth teams. And according to the Daily Mail, there is every chance he could one day become a part of the club’s full-time staff. Toure had a glittering career as a player, claiming trophies at Barcelona and City while establishing himself as one of the best players in world football. And his expertise will be tapped into by Spurs as they plan for a brighter future with Antonio Conte at the helm. The Lilywhites have been hit and miss this term, with inconsistency marring their season so far. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But signs of improvement have come to the fore in recent weeks and Tottenham are now fourth in the Premier League table after blowing Newcastle away 5-1 at the weekend. Spurs fell behind when Fabian Schar put the visitors ahead in the 39th minute. Yet they showed real character to bounce back and score five times through Ben Davies, Matt Doherty, Son Heung-min, Emerson Royal and Steven Bergwijn. Harry Kane was also impressive, with the England international drawing comparisons with Diego Maradona from former Tottenham striker David Ginola. And with Toure clearly an integral asset behind the scenes, Spurs appear to be doing all the right things once again. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking recently, the 38-year-old opened up on his coaching journey so far and called Tottenham’s Under-18s group ‘so smart and so clever’. Toure told the Times: “It’s important I go through the steps. I’m working with the academy now, it’s a nice step to learn. “The Under-18s passion is incredible and they are so smart and so clever. “You can set up tactics and one of them will ask a question you have not thought about.” Toure also revealed he was hoping to mend his relationship with City boss Pep Guardiola, too. The duo fell out during their time at the Etihad, with the midfielder once saying the Spaniard struggled to get the best from African players. But Toure has insisted their row is a matter of the past and he’d like to chat with his old boss - though he doesn’t have his phone number. “I put that in the past and put it down to the Covid situation,” he said. “I wish to see him. I will be delighted. I need to talk to people who have a passion for football. “I haven’t been in touch with him because I don’t have his number.” Meanwhile, Tottenham boss Conte was delighted after Tottenham's victory over Newcastle which moved them into fourth in the Premier League table. “When I arrived I found one type of situation and at that time it was very difficult to believe [we would] be in the race for the Champions League,” said the Italian. “But I think in the last period I have seen my team is now in the race because I have seen great improvement. “Now you can see a team that has specific characteristics. “You can recognise the idea of football, and for this reason I said that we are in the race to try to take a place in the Champions League, because in this moment this team is a team. A team with an idea of football.”