On Monday’s instalment of The One Show, presenters Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas were joined by The Great British Sewing Bee stars Patrick Grant and Esme Young. The reality sewing competition returns to BBC screens with a brand new host and a fresh line-up of contestants ready to show off their designing skills. Speaking about Sara Pascoe, who replaced former host Joe Lycett on the reality show, presenter Patrick addressed the changes implemented on the programme. The stand-up star, who is best known for her appearances on the likes of 8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown and Taskmaster, has taken over presenting duties for the 2022 season and BBC host Alex asked both Patrick and Esme about the brand new switch-up. She began: “This year, it’s presented by Sara Pascoe, taking over from the lovely Joe Lycett, whom we loved as well.” Turning to the reality show judge, Alex said: “You told me, Patrick, that Sara was fantastic on it. “What do you think she brings to the table?” The presenter asked. READ MORE:'Pensioners to lose £7800 a year' Eamonn Holmes rages at abandonment Patrick responded: “Well, Sara is the first host of the show who has been a contestant which I think is the really big difference.” Esme, who made costumes for many films including The Beach, Bridget Jones' Diary, and Trainspotting, agreed with her co-star as she said: “Yes, yes.” “Sara very bravely took up the challenge on the Christmas or New Year's special the year before last” Patrick said. Esme followed with: “She did an amazing tartan thing, didn’t she?” Patrick chuckled and told viewers: “Dress, we call it,” as Esme giggled: “Yes”. Both Alex and Jermaine laughed at the costume experts while the 73-year-old said: “Well, I call it a thing.” “I mean, it was a bit of a thing,” Patrick said as a cheeky jibe at the quality of the garment. “She [Sara] has a real understanding but she’s just great,” he gushed. Looking back on previous hosts who’ve fronted the show, Patrick recalled: “We are so lucky, I mean, Claudia [Winkleman], Joe [Lycett] and now Sara, all brilliantly funny but [they’re also] lovely and warm.” Furthermore, the Scottish fashion enthusiast went on to praise Sara even further when he praised the comic for the support she shows towards the competitors. He gushed: “She’s got an amazing warmth, she really has such empathy with every one of the contestants.” Turning to Esme, Patrick beamed: “And we loved her too, she just made us laugh." Revealing what she brings to the show, he went on to state: “She has the best stories, she’s got dirt on everybody.” Sara explained that Joe gave her some advice when she took over, telling Metro: "I felt like he was a midwife in the crossover. "I actually did a gig with him the night I auditioned because they auditioned a few people. "I was saying how it went and how I thought I was too shy, and he was giving lots of advice.” In season eight, fans can expect to see 10 episodes, with the final airing on June 19, with 12 new sewers rising to the challenge. The Great British Sewing Bee returns Wednesday, April 27 on BBC One at 8pm