Thousands of acres of Siberian forest are currently experiencing the flames causing massive destruction to the region. Areas affected include Omsk, Tyumen and Krasnoyarsk, all in Siberia, and all seeing towers of black smoke in the skies.  The huge fires have been labelled as a second front as the war with Ukraine rages on, with forces intensifying the attack in Eastern Ukraine. Wild animals living in the area have been seen fleeing the flames. With the seasons yet to hit peak summer temperatures, the arrival of the fires is unusually early for the area. In one area, Krasnoyarsk, over 60 homes were destroyed by the inferno. Smoke has also engulfed the major cities of Omsk, Novosibirsk, Krasnoyarsk.  According to environmental group Greenpeace Russia, the fires have covered more than twice the amount of area compared to last years fires. According to local official Aleksey Yaroshenko, some of the forest fires are now out of control, and are more widespread than initially reported. Many of the fires are believed to have been started when locals have burned grassland in the region. Emergency measures have been put in place by the Government to help tackle the blazes.  READ MORE:Gulf state which spied on Boris could be in league with Putin A UN climate report in February warned the climate crisis, combined with land use changes, is driving larger and more erratic wildfires across many regions. Siberia, along with the US West, central India, Australia, and southern Europe are just some of the areas that have seen massively destructive fires in the past few years. According to recent data sourced from the Russian Forestry Agency by Greenpeace, Russia is experiencing its worst forest fire season in modern history. Jessica McCarty, a fire ecologist at Miami University in Ohio, told National Geographic: “Siberia has always been burning,”. “It has extreme fire seasons. “But when I talk to my colleagues who live in Siberia, they don’t talk about this as if it’s normal or indicative of the past.”  DON'T MISS:Mid-flight horror as passengers 'hold plane door closed' [REPORT]Macron and Le Pen set for bombshell election TV fight [REVEAL]Easyjet 11-hour nightmare flight lands back in Bristol [INSIGHT] In 2021, wild fires in Russia destroyed more than 70,000 square miles of terrain, a record since keeping track of the damage began. Greenpeace Russia said: “For the past several years, when the area of the fires has surpassed 15m hectares (58,000 sq mi), it has become, in all likelihood, the new normal in the conditions of the new climate reality.” Global warming has been largely blamed for rising numbers of wildfires across the globe. In the last 5 years, the US and Australia have also seen some of the worse fires since records began.  According to Accuweather, “The total damage and cumulative economic loss for the 2021 wildfire season is expected to be between £53.2bn ($70bn) and £69bn ($90bn) in the US with £34.5bn ($45bn) to £42.2bn ($55bn) of those damages to California alone.” “This estimate, which includes both insured and uninsured losses and the impact on the US economy, includes damage to homes and businesses as well as their contents and cars, job and wage losses, farm and crop losses, infrastructure damage, auxiliary business losses, school closures and the costs of power outages to businesses and individuals.” The economic loss from forest fires in Russia was estimated at £100m (10.6bn Russian rubles) in 2021. In the previous year, damages due to forest fires cost the country £108m (11.5 billion Russian rubles), even though the number of forest fires was higher in 2021. 