Shock stats have recently revealed that homes across the UK are ditching their favourite streaming platforms in a bid to save money. With the cost of living continuing to rise, it seems bingeing on boxsets and watching blockbuster movies isn't a top priority right now and premium telly subscriptions are one of the first direct debits to be cancelled. The latest report from market research team at Kantar reckons that some 1.5 million subscriptions have already been cancelled this year with more expected to ditch their accounts in the coming months. Luckily, if you want to carry on getting some top entertainment there is a simple way to access one popular platform at a vastly discounted rate and if you are looking to cut down on your monthly outgoings it's definitely worth considering. Right now Tesco Clubcard users can grab six months of access to the popular Disney+ streaming service for just £8.99. That's a massive saving as Disney+ usually costs £7.99 per month or £47.94 over a six month period. Tesco has been offering three months of access to Disney+ for a while but for the rest of this week that's been doubled to a whopping six months. YOU CAN SEE THE CLUBCARD DISCOUNT HERE If you weren't already aware, Disney+ is packed with movies and boxsets from franchises such as Marvel, Star Wars and Pixar. There's even the new award-winning Encanto available as part of the subscription fee. Once signed up, users can also tune into shows that can only be viewed on this platform such as the latest Marvel Studios' Moon Knight and the upcoming Original Star Wars series Obi-Wan Kenobi. For older members of the family, there's also access to the Star service which provides more mature content including the full series of 24, Walking Dead and Y: The Last Man. Those subscribing to Disney+ can watch on four different devices at the same time plus there's the option to download content for viewing when away from an internet connection. Full parental controls can be set up and the price also includes streaming in full 4K Ultra HD with Disney not charging a premium for viewing in this improved quality.