In comparison, over one in five new mothers (22 percent) already felt that way the moment they saw their positive pregnancy test. A further two-thirds of dads wanted to feel more involved and responsible in the early days. And seven in ten felt a real sense of relief when they were given the chance to help and support their partner in a more “hands-on” way. The study was commissioned by Aptamil Advanced Follow On Milk to mark the launch of its “Share the Moments that Matter” campaign, which features celebrity parents Izzy and Harry Judd. Also featuring their recent addition, baby Lockie, the campaign film aims to highlight the importance of building a bond with baby, and the special moments that bring joy to both parents, when the feeding journey is shared. Izzy said: “We truly feel like we are partners in our parenting journey, and we love watching Lockie develop and grow. “Seeing Harry feed Lockie and watching their bond develop is so special – it’s like they’re having their very own silent conversation when they feed.” Harry added: “Izzy was so amazing at bringing baby Lockie into the world, I couldn’t wait to help out more and be hands on throughout the day and night. “When the time came to share feeds, I began to share those really precious moments during feeding time, and now absolutely love the close, intimate one-on-one bond I’ve developed with Lockie.” The study also found three-quarters (76 percent) of dads get excited at the prospect of venturing out with their baby solo, with 70 percent looking forward to their alone time. A further 83 percent of fathers said feeding their baby was their favourite part of the day, with 76 percent admitting it gives them a sense of accomplishment. And 62 percent of mums are grateful for being able to share the night feeds. Six in ten parents who share feeding responsibilities claim it has helped improve their relationship, while 44 percent felt closer to each other as a result. The research, conducted via OnePoll, revealed eight in ten fathers had a newfound appreciation for their partner when they began sharing in feeding responsibilities. And 88 percent of mums enjoyed watching the relationship between their baby and dad develop during a feed. The majority (85 percent) of parents felt being present and experiencing these small, daily feeding moments together is what matters most when developing a bond with their baby. And other experiences that build strong connections while feeding include skin to skin (50 percent), talking (52 percent), eye contact (66 percent), and initial forms of communication such as smiling, mirroring movements, or cooing and other vocalisations (48 percent). Psychologist Emma Kenny said: “Bonding is a process and is often the by-product of everyday caregiving, so dads are on a different timetable to mums in this respect. “Many studies have shown that as soon as dad is able to share in the feeding moment – literally responding in a tangible way to baby’s needs – the bond between them is able to deepen.” Julia Lowbridge, from Aptamil Follow On Milk, added: “Based on our consumer research, we’ve seen that the bonding developed through shared feeding can be a moment of personal joy for parents. “Aptamil Advanced Follow On Milk celebrates these special moments that take place while feeding, and the connection it helps to encourage for baby and parents alike.”