Sophie Raworth is currently hosting Andrew Marr’s old show but is not expected to stay long-term as the main presenter. On Sunday Morning, Sophie tackles the latest headlines and often engages in thought-provoking discussions with her guests. However, as viewers tuned in to the latest episode of the show, they were greeted by Clive Myrie and were left confused as to where their regular host had gone. Many were left baffled by the sudden presenter shake-up and took to Twitter to question Sophie's absence. @TheHopeSprings asked: "Where's Sophie Raworth? #SundayMorning #Marr." Jason Specsum commented: "Well, there's my daily dose of Sophie Raworth gone!" Lillian Adamson added: "Sophie, not on Sunday Morning! Tell me she's not gone for good already now that Clive is back from Ukraine?!" READ MORE: Cillian Murphy says goodbye to Peaky Blinders However, not all viewers were saddened to see Clive take over from Sophie, with David Westcross praising: "Clive Myrie could be a good choice as a presenter of #SundayMorning." @LoLetters said: "Oh, good to see Clive Myrie hosting, would like him to get a permanent role!" @TerranceFabulous applauded: "#SundayMorning Clive taking over the BBC one show at a time. "Which is no bad thing, go on Clive! I’d love him to keep the Sunday morning slot, excellent journalist and excellent presenter."  There has been no word from Sophie on her social media as to why she is missing from the show, however, at the end of the show Clive revealed that she would be back in the presenting seat next week. Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC representatives for a comment. Sophie has been presenting Sunday Morning since January after she took over the role from Andrew Marr, who performed the role for 16 years before leaving the BBC at the end of 2021. The BBC has recently announced that Laura Kuenssberg will be the new permanent presenter of the Sunday Morning politics show. In December, she announced she was stepping down as the broadcaster's political editor after seven years. DON'T MISS...'Diana would've done the same' Royal commentator defends Royals [INSIGHT]BBC's Sophie Raworth lashes out at Ashworth's debt criticism [LATEST]'Stop wasting everyone's time with charade!' Sophie Raworth blasted [WATCH] Speaking about her move to the show, she said: "I couldn’t be more delighted. For decades Sunday Morning has been the moment to explore the events that shape us and to challenge and listen to our politicians. "It’s an honour to take the chair for that conversation in the 2020s.” Her final assignment as political editor will be covering the local elections in May before she takes on her new role. BBC Chief Content Officer Charlotte Moore says: “Laura’s one of the BBC’s biggest talents, and I’m delighted she’s becoming the new face of Sunday mornings. "I’m very much looking forward to seeing how she makes the show her own.” Clive Myrie spent two weeks covering the Ukraine crisis, at various points, he had to shelter underground and wear a flak jacket mid-reporting. He recently told Morning Live presenter Gethin Jones: "I am able to compartmentalise. Obviously, there are images, and there are things that you see that will stick with you, possibly for the rest of your life. "I think if you're not able to disentangle yourself from what you see during the day and what you experience later on in the night when you're with your family and friends, then I think there is potentially a problem." Sunday Morning airs Sundays from 9am on BBC One.