Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media several years ago as a cleaning influencer. Fans of the social media sensation now share their own advice on dedicated Facebook pages, including how to clean stainless steel sinks. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Camilla Cloffi wrote: “Any tips on how to get rid of these sink marks please? It’s a matte sink.” The cleaning fan shared a picture of her stainless steel sink which showed lots of white marks across the whole sink. This is usually due to limescale deposits caused by water. Mrs Hinch fans shared top tips in the comments on methods to try and remove the marks. READ MORE: ‘Start a compost heap’ now to provide wildlife a ‘source of food’ Vanessa Brooke wrote: “Bicarbonate of soda and lemon juice works really well.” Emily Giblin said: “Baking soda did the trick when my sink looked like this.” Baking soda can help dissolve grease as well as dirt and stains. It also works as a gentle abrasive while cleaning without leaving scratches behind. DON'T MISS:Neutral colours can make rooms seem ‘larger and more spacious’ [COMMENT]Houseplant: Snake plants can remove ‘toxins’ from the home [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share white vinegar tip to remove washing machine mould [EXPLAINER] Lemon can also help to lift tough stains and act as a natural disinfectant. They also smell great, leaving the kitchen smelling fresh and fragrant. Nicola Miller wrote: “Bicarbonate of soda!” Alison Maple added: “Baking soda with lemon juice squeezed in, it’s amazing, I also use this to clean my microwave.” Other group members also recommended using white vinegar to help target the stains. When mixed with water, white vinegar can be used to dissolve limescale, bacteria, dirt, grease and grime. It is also affordable, with a bottle available from supermarkets for as little as 39p. White vinegar can also be used around other areas of the home, including removing washing machine mould. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Niki Drvarova wrote: “We just got a washing machine from our landlord but there is mould in the detergent drawer. “There is also mould in the rubber seals. What product can I use to clean the inside of the drum and what can I use to clean the detergent drawer?” The post attracted more than 40 comments from cleaning enthusiasts all recommending different products. Ffion Bloomfield commented: “Use white vinegar in the drum.” Lexi Gill said: “I used soda crystals and white vinegar, comes up amazing.”