With the spring months recently revealed as “the strongest months to sell”, according to Rightmove, if you are planning on making a move this year - it’s time to get your property sale-ready. Historically, March and April is when the highest number of buyers are enquiring about each property available, so now more than ever is the time to maximise sales potential whilst home hunters are at their peak of searching. The question is, how do you ensure that your property stands out from the rest, and ticks all the boxes for potential buyers? Well, Swoon, the UK’s leading online design-led furniture brand, has compiled a list of simple yet effective fool-proof ideas to secure that swift sale. Whilst every room in the home doesn’t need to be the same colour, it is a good idea to have an element of coordination throughout to attract a buyer. A bright pink feature wall may not be everyone’s cup of tea, and a very dark-toned room can actually make a space seem smaller than it actually is. So, when you are looking to sell, it’s best to opt for a neutral colour palette that will avoid these issues. According to Sam Baldry, Head of Design at Swoon, a sense of space, and the ability to move straight in are the two things buyers look for. She said: “A fresh coat of paint can achieve both of these desires relatively easily, but it’s essential to stick to a light, airy, neutral tone. Now is not the time to get creative! READ MORE: Property for sale: Hydrangeas and other plants to add home value “If you’re struggling to pick a colour, my advice is always stick with neutrals or or white. “It’s fresh, clean-looking, and emanates ‘space’ - everyone can live with white. “Potential buyers find it easier to picture their own furniture and items in a home when they’re not hijacked by strong, bold colours.” For those selling their home, they need to think about the way they have decorated their rooms. For example, a queen size bed in an obviously single sized bedroom is off-putting, as it suggests that the home does not have sufficient space. DON'T MISS: Garden pests: How to avoid a rat infestation in your garden [TIPS]Mrs Hinch fans share how to remove tape marks from hard surfaces [COMMENT]Pruning hydrangeas: ‘Easy’ way to prune these ‘lovely flowers’ [EXPERT] Conversely, if a king size bed fits into a room with ease, homeowners might want to demonstrate to potential buyers that this is the case. Sam recommended leaving spaces as open as possible to interpretation. He said: “It’s good for people to be able to visualise a room with their own furniture, and an overcrowded room inhibits this. “Consider using clever stylish storage solutions such as an ottoman bed, and a chic sideboard to help reduce unnecessary clutter. “If your room is small, make use of mirrors to give the illusion of space, and ensure windows aren’t too shielded by swathes of curtain fabric to let in the maximum amount of natural light.” There is no denying that the kitchen is the most used room in any home, as it’s a place where we all tend to congregate. It often doubles up as a playroom, a party space, a home office, and a tv room, so everyone has their own personal idea of how it should be arranged and decorated. For this reason, views are divided on how much value a new or updated kitchen adds to a home when selling. Chances are, the new owners will want to put their own stamp on this space, so homeowners may be better being more flexible on the sale price, rather than splashing out on a new kitchen. Sam said: “Generally, unless people are buying a brand-new home, they expect to have to make changes to the kitchen and bathroom. “So, my advice would be to give them a lick of paint at most, and make sure they remain clean and tidy.” Lighting can completely transform any space, but unflattering illumination can taint even the most stylish rooms, instantly. It’s essential to view each room within the home and decide on the lighting based on the mood homeowners are aiming to cultivate. For those looking to recreate natural light during the day, opting for cooler, soft bulbs is a must for the overhead, but moving into the evening, warmer-toned bulbs are perfect for floor and desk lamps in a living room or home office. Sam advised: “Before your very first viewing, it’s important to review the lightbulbs you’re using. “Are they cold and harsh, or soft and atmospheric? Warmer tones are naturally associated with cosiness, relaxation and winding down time, whereas fluorescent tones should be avoided as it subconsciously reminds people of clinical environments – stripping out all personality to any room.”