Military documents indicate a facility - believed to be RAF Lakenheath - will undergo upgrades before withholding US nuclear warheads. Such weapons used to be stored at the base but were believed to have been removed in 2008. The latest development comes after Russian President Vladimir Putin moved his own deterrent forces to “special alert” last month, owing to what he interpreted as “aggressive statements” from the West. The FY2023 defence budget request from US President Joe Biden’s administration had already shown that sites in Belgium, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands and Turkey were undergoing improvements. Overall, the investment package is thought to cost the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) $384 million (£294 million) to improve security measures, communication systems and facilities. RAF Lakenheath is located around 100km northeast of London and had previously held US nuclear gravity bombs. During the 1990’s the site was equipped with 33 underground storage vaults.  READ MORE: Spain outraged as massive US nuclear submarine arrives in Gibraltar According to the Federation of American Scientists, the UK has a stockpile of 225 nuclear weapons. The figure is significantly fewer than both the US and Russia who are estimated to own more than 5,500 each. To date, the UK stores its nuclear forces across four separate locations. These are:  At the base in Aldermaston the Atomic Weapons Establishment (AWE) is responsible for the design and manufacture of the Trident submarine launched intercontinental ballistic missile system. The Trident programme is a mobile delivery system composed of four Vanguard class submarines and was developed in 1980. Each submarine can carry around eight UGM-133 Trident II missiles, while all being operated by the Royal Navy. They also have a steady supply of warheads - around 40 each. Faslane Naval Base, situated on the Gare Loch hosts the Vanguard class submarines.  DON'T MISS: Pretty country village to house asylum seekers but residents 'unaware' [EXPLAINED]Air raid sirens and explosions ringing across Ukraine [NEWS]Frexit calls surge as Le Pen attacks Germany [INSIGHT] Elsewhere, the Royal Naval Armament Depot (RNAD) at Coulport in the Clyde Area consists of sixteen nuclear weapon storage bunkers. These were all built into a ridge overlooking Loch Long. Trident missile warheads and conventional torpedoes are stored at the weapons depot, where they are installed and removed from submarines. AWE Burghfield is the final assembly location for British nuclear weapons.  If a nuclear weapon was aimed at the British Isles, the US Strategic Defence Initiative (SDI) - also known as the ‘star wars’ defence - could be used to intercept and destroy it. The system was set up in 1984 under then US president Ronald Reagan, while the US and Soviet Union were still engaged in the Cold War. Alternatively, the Government could also opt to make use of the military’s Type 45 destroyer vessels, which could use their defensive capabilities to fend off any nuclear attack. For example, if it was deemed necessary, these ships could be placed in the Thames Estuary to defend London and the surrounding areas. 