The former BBC Breakfast anchor returned to the show this morning [Wednesday, April 27] to discuss the current shortages of HRT that has affected thousands of women around the country. As part of her appearance, Minchin, 53, spoke about the difficulties she faced as she went through “the change”. She said: “I am like very many other women. It has a very real impact. For me it had a physical impact, I had heart palpitations, I had tinnitus, all sorts of things.” Revealing that she “felt nervous” sharing her memories of menopause so openly, Minchin continued to say: “I remember the brain fog is very real." The journalist then went on to recall one specific incident where her menopause symptoms affected her on live TV. “I never shared this at the time,” Minchin added: “I remember interviewing the then Chancellor George Osbourne, and he was outside a JCB factory, so it was a very important interview. “And I couldn’t say the letters JCB. I came off air thinking ‘what is going on!?’.”  READ MORE: Eight Omicron symptoms affecting fully vaccinated - sneezing and fatigue are among them  She added: “I was different then, I wasn’t on HRT at the time and I look back on the film that I did, and I kind of feel sorry for that Louise. “It looks to me like a different person because I was so anxious, I was so shaken up. It has a really huge impact.” Minchin’s appearance on the breakfast show was sparked by the current shortage of some HRT products, which are used by around one million women in the UK. In light of this, some women have turned to the “black market” or are meeting up with other women in order to exchange and share medicines.  “I can see the change in you,” Sally Nugent said, who took over from Minchin on BBC Breakfast in October 2021, emphasising the important effects the hormone therapy has on women in menopause. Alongside Minchin on the sofa, was Dr Paula Briggs, a consultant and Chair Elect of British Menopause Society, who was able to offer some sense of comfort and reassurance to individuals “desperate” about the current HRT shortage. She said: “Please don’t panic, the British Menopause Society publishes equivalent doses of alternative products, which would just be in the short term until there is a solution to the supply chain issue with HRT. “It might last for several months but the bigger picture is we are looking towards a long-term solution to make sure this does not happen again.”  The NHS explains that current alternatives to HRT include: Several remedies (such as bioidentical hormones) are claimed to help with menopausal symptoms. However, the NNHS expands on this to say that these are not recommended because it's not clear how safe and effective they are. Finishing the segment, Minchin added: “These are very real problems that can have a very real impact. I have done lots of work, particularly trying to keep women in work if they are going through this. “You lose your confidence, you feel like you are going backwards in lots of ways in your life and that puts people in some very difficult situations.”  