Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall first met Prince Charles at the end of the 1960s and the pair had a brief liaison before the royal embarked on an eight-month deployment with the Royal Navy. Then-Camilla Shand reportedly won over the Prince of Wales with a cheeky chat-up line referencing the relationship her ancestor Alice Keppel had with Charles' great-great-grandfather, King Edward VII. Historian Tom Quinn said the exchange was "extraordinary" and highlighted the less-conservative view the aristocracy held about extra-marital affairs. Speaking to the podcast Royally Obsessed, Mr Quinn said:  "She said to Charles before their affair started, 'look, my great-grandmother and great-great-grandfather got together, so why don't we?' "That was actually her chat-up line, which was extraordinary." He added: "I think that speaks volumes about the way the Royal Family see that kind of thing. "They think it's really middle class to worry about sexual fidelity, they just don't worry about it. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG "I think they've been forced to worry more about it now but in the past, it never occurred to them." Camilla and Prince Charles were together for a few tumultuous months before the royal was deployed, and she married Major Andrew Parker Bowles in 1973. The couple went on to have two children, food writer Tom Parker Bowles and art curator Laura Lopes. Prince Charles began his search for a bride in earnest at the end of the 1970s and wed Lady Diana Spencer in 1981. READ MORE: 'Self-absorbed' Meghan and Harry spark FURY with Invictus trip despite UK security row Prince Charles and Camilla remained close friends throughout their respective marriages and are believed to have resumed their relationship in the mid-1980s. The couple's status was later confirmed during what has come to be known as the bitter War of the Windsors Prince Charles and Princess Diana fought following the complete breakdown of their marriage. The Princess of Wales, in a memorable Panorama interview in 1996, hinted at Charles' extra-marital affair saying "there were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded." Charles and Diana separated in 1992 and officially divorced after four years of tit-for-tat blows in the papers and on television. DON'T MISS Queen and Prince Charles in 'dual monarchy' for 'some time' [INSIGHT]'You used to shout at me so much' Harry jokes with Sandhurst PTI [VIDEO]Meghan told to 'address thorny family issues' on Archetypes podcast [ANALYSIS] Their divorce came a little over a year after Camilla divorced Andrew Parker Bowles in 1995. Charles and Camilla made their public debut as a couple in 1999, when they were pictured together for the first time as they left The Ritz where they had just celebrated her sister's birthday. After years of extensive and aggressive PR work to redeem her in the eyes of the British public, the Prince of Wales proposed to Camilla and they tied the knot in the presence of her children and Princes William and Harry in 2005. They celebrated their 17th wedding anniversary on April 9, 2022 – the first anniversary of Prince Philip's death.