During Thursday's Scotland Tonight, the Alan Partridge comedian told host Rona Dougall that Scotland leaving the UK would be "well deserved" after Brexit. In 2014, Steve was one of 200 public figures to sign a letter to the Guardian opposing Scottish Independence, a month before a referendum on the issue. However, in a new interview, Steve announced a U-turn as he said he would understand if Scotland wanted to be separate from the UK. Presenter Rona Dougall began: "In Scotland, we're all still about constitutional politics and I know before the 2014 independence referendum you came out and said, 'Scotland stay in the UK.' "Do you still think that?" the host went on to ask as the comedian replied: "Well, I think no. "Too many things have changed, really. Now I don't..." READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' He continued: "I've thought about that quite a lot, thinking if that had happened now, would I think the same way? I don’t think I would. "I like to think of myself as being British rather than English and I like that. "And that's something like...it's like I almost feel like my regret about if Scotland left would be... people who have my world view need Scotland to help us. "To help my country if that makes sense and without them, I feel like, you know, it's all over." "It feels like at least...because a lot of people, especially people, the anti-establishment English people look to Scotland and go, 'We need those people.' "So that's sort of the caveat that I'd put into the conversation whilst I fully understand it. "I mean in some ways I feel like the rap on the knuckles of Scotland leaving would be sort of well-deserved." The comedian also voiced his opinion during an interview on BBC Scotland where he claimed that independence would be a “kick in the pants” to “small-minded little Englanders”. DON'T MISS...Jennie Bond details why royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew [VIDEO]Sharon Osbourne forced to miss The Talk as Ozzy falls ill  [NEWS]Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles speaks out on co-star's replacement [INSIGHT] Mr Coogan said: “It’s funny because, on the one hand, I’m pro-European. “When Brexit happened I was thinking of moving to Scotland. That’s what I felt. “From a selfish point of view, I can totally understand the desire for Scottish Independence. “In fact, I may have shifted my position. It’s something I’m still processing as a half English/half Irishman." However, the comedian's remarks sparked a backlash online and many took to social media to share their frustrations. Kenny Messer penned: "Oh that’s it then - how can it not take place - Alan Partridge has spoken." (sic) Betty fumed: "Scraping the bottom of the barrel here!" While James Rae added: "Who is he to discuss Scotland future .....a mouthy comedian..." (sic) "So basically he still thinks it's a bad idea, but as he's in Scotland thought he'd better diplomatically skirt around the issue," Cat tweeted. Cath raged: "Who the hell cares what Steve Coogan thinks? Is this the best you can do SNPtv?" (sic) While Jon McG said: "Can English people stop using Scotland to score points against other English people they don't like, thanks." (sic)