Carlos Alcaraz has been tipped to succeed the legacy of the Big Three to become the 'best ever,' according to a renowned coach. The 18-year-old has long been seen as a future star but proved he was a current threat by winning the recent Masters 1000 in Miami. Rick Macci has since claimed that the world No 11 will go on to overtake Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer. Alcaraz recently became the youngest man ever to win the Miami Open and surpassed Djokovic and Nadal as the youngest to make back-to-back semi-finals during the 'Sunshine Double', also including Indian Wells. He has since been predicted to go on to win Grand Slams and reach world No 1, with even the man himself believing he could win his first Major title as early as this year. With praise continuing to be piled on the world No 11, renowned tennis coach Rick Macci has stepped in and declared that the teenager would go on to be the "best ever" as long as he didn't pick up any career-threatening injuries - and is showing more promise than Djokovic, Federer and Nadal did at his age. Macci famously coached the Williams sisters at his academy early in their careers and was recently portrayed by Jon Bernthal in King Richard, the movie about Serena, Venus and their father Richard that earned Will Smith a Best Actor Oscar for the titular role. The man who also helped the likes of Jennifer Capriati early in her career admitted the teenager was like no one he had ever seen before, and said he was the total package above the Big Three.  "In the last 30 years I have not seen a player like him," Macci claimed. JUST IN: Djokovic 'loses' to Neymar Jr as Serb prepares for Monte Carlo return  "I've seen a lot of players come and go, with a lot of potential. Federer and Rafa when he was young, Djoker. But none that represents 'the complete package'. This youngster fulfills every aspect of the game and can create some more," he continued. Alcaraz has previously earned himself comparisons to Nadal, even from the man himself, and the American coach agreed. Explaining their similarities, Macci added: "You can see a lot of Rafa in him, he has a lot to do with that of his idol. He has patience, but what I like the most is that he is not afraid. I have never seen an 18-year-old boy play like him in a career and that go from defense to attack in the blink of an eye. His ability to execute big shots on the run is mysterious. But he waits for it, that's what makes him unique for me." DON'T MISSNadal's team offer Barcelona hope amid claims Spaniard will miss eventDjokovic returns from 'challenging' time as ATP slams Kyrgios tiradesBarty responds to golf rumours as she announces first post-tennis plan  And Macci went even further with his claims as he thought the youngster would go onto become the best player men's tennis had seen, even after the Big Three era. "Everyone sees how good he is going to be," he said of Alcaraz. "Except for an injury, he will be the best ever. I know it seems like a crazy statement because he hasn't even won a Grand Slam yet. But it's a generational talent, a once-in-a-lifetime tennis player." The 18-year-old may get a chance to prove himself against the current world No 1 this week in Monte Carlo, as he could face Djokovic in the quarter-finals if both players get there. 