Britain's Got Talent has returned for its 15th season and after not airing for two years, the debut episode left everyone emotional. Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly stepped back onto the ITV stage to co-host the talent show. A surprise performance from singer-songwriter Nick Edwards left the pair weeping in the wings with his heartfelt vocal tribute to his daughters. Britain's Got Talent brings together some of the country's weirdest and most wonderful talents in a battle to take home a life-changing prize, however, tonight's opening episode included extra shock value. Audience member Nick Edwards was sitting enjoying the performances he had seen until the next act caught him off guard. With the audience clapping to bring on the next hopeful, the camera panned to the 35-year-old from Doncaster as his mother and two daughters walked on stage. Visibly shocked, he said: "Are you joking... it's my mum." Read More: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ after TV exit decision  With their grandmother holding the microphone, Cally, four and Savannah, three, introduced themselves and instantly won the audience over. Prompting her grandchildren with the question: "What are we here for?" little Cally replied: "To surprise dad." Nick's mother described: "Nick doesn't know anything about it, and we're surprising him as we want him to come and sing as he sings a lovely song for the girls." With tears running down his face, Nick made his way to the main stage and let out a shocked "oh, wow."   He explained how he "had a whole day planned" with his partner and was hoping to sit and enjoy the show. His mum added: "He said he would never do it, so we had to do it for him." Judge Alesha Dixon wanted to know more and asked: "Why did you say you would never do it?" Nick replied: "I think over the years I have lost a lot of confidence in my singing, so I tend to do it at home in the shower." DON’T MISS…Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby betrays Imran as he frames Abi in drugs twist [THEORY]Simon Cowell labels fellow Britain's Got Talent judge David Walliams 'desperate' [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Gary Windass forced to turn killer again after Rick discovery[THEORY] With his words at his feet, he had a disclaimer that he hoped he could "keep the nerves and crying away." Soon after singing, the audience burst into applause. The song narrated his fatherhood journey and the joy "daddy's little girls" brought him. The moving lyrics had the audience in awe, and when the camera panned to co-host Declan he started to break down.   The Geordie presenter wiped away his tears as he was transfixed on the artist. Once he ended, Declan made a joke of his emotional state and said: "I'm fine, yeah, I'm fine." Judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, David Walliams and Alesha were all moved as well, with David adding: "It was just so moving from start to finish." He secured four positive responses and a standing ovation from the audience. Britain's Got Talent continues on Sunday, April 17, at 7.35 pm on ITV and is available on ITV Hub 