Chris Rock might have "healed" from the shock of a sudden slap delivered live on stage by Will Smith - but for his mum, it's a different story. Rose Rock has stepped out of the shadows to tell the disgraced actor: "When you hurt my child, you hurt me." While Chris has reportedly "healed from the nicks and bruises" and seems able to see the funny side of the mishap now, with a recent show even including banter about Jada Pinkett Smith, his mum has spoken out to reveal she feels insulted. She also blasted Will for not reaching out personally to deliver his apology. “When Will slapped Chris, he slapped all of us, but he really slapped me,” she insisted. “When you hurt my child, you hurt me.” READ NOW: Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore "I feel really bad that he never apologised," she continued. "His people wrote up a piece and said, ‘I apologise to Chris Rock,’ but something like that is personal. You reach out.” According to her, Will is yet to say a word to herself or her son after slapping him across the face over comparing wife Jada, who suffers with alopecia, to GI Jane. She also implied that Jada, far from offended, had seen the funny side of her son's quip. "You reacted to your wife giving you the side-eye, [but] she was bowled over laughing when it happened," she reasoned. Video footage of the event also showed Will laughing initially, before exploding into furious anger suddenly. "You didn't think," Rose admonished, while talking to US TV channel WJS. She added: "What in the world were you thinking?’ Chris could have stepped back and fallen. DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast's Naga Munchetty inundated shares health update [UPDATE] Ulrika Jonsson's racy ‘nip slip’ landed her in trouble with daughter [INSIGHT] Piers Morgan slams claims Prince Harry is ‘protecting' the Queen [DEBATE] "You really could have gotten taken out in handcuffs." However during a sold-out performance in Baltimore, USA, last night, Chris confirmed that he was fine - and he seemed to be in good spirits as he joked that he was "healed from the nicks and bruises, for the most part". It was reported that after telling a 2500 strong crowd that he was "alright", he declined to directly mention the slap for the entire one and a half hour show. Yet there was one moment of mischievous banter which was circulated on Twitter, and then discussed in an article by the Baltimore Sun. While whipping up some participation from the audience, Chris reportedly asked a woman in the front row what her name was. She playfully replied "Jada" and he immediately retorted: "Sit yo a** down". Other than that one comment, Chris seemed to have complied with Will's request and kept his wife's name out of his mouth. A contrite Will, meanwhile, is currently trying to salvage his damaged reputation after being banned by the Oscars Academy for 10 years.