Kate and Prince William visited Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas as part of a whirlwind tour of the Caribbean between March 19 and 26. While the royals were warmly welcomed by locals during walkabouts and their engagements, the tour was also marred with protests, demands for slavery reparations and imageries that drew criticism from some members of the public and commentators. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams believes "mistakes were made" during this eight-day trip, which will prompt royals and aides to "look at things in a different light" in the future. Asked what he thinks Firm members will need to be mindful of in the future when carrying out overseas visits, the expert told Express.co.uk: "They must simply be very very careful regarding individual photo opportunities. "And also, they need to be mindful that certain events don't have obvious links with the colonial period." Mr Fitzwilliams referred to pictures taken in Trench Town, Jamaica, showing Kate and William greeting well-wishers through a metal fence. This imagery was harshly criticised by some, while others objected the Duke and Duchess had no choice but to either ignore the people waiting for them or speak to their fans through the fence given they were on a football field surrounded by it. Moreover, Mr Fitzwilliams also referred to the decision to have Kate and William end a parade on their last day in Kingston aboard an open-top Land Rover. While this was meant to be a nod to the Queen and Prince Philip's visit to the country in 1953, when they also travelled aboard a similar vehicle for an engagement in Sabina Park, it was criticised amid accusations it was a reminder of the colonial era. People magazine's reporter Simon Perry, who followed the Cambridges through their tour, claimed Kate and William travelled on the Land Rover following a request from the Jamaican military. READ MORE: Harry blasted over 'baffling' belief Mr Fitzwilliams went on to say the tour of the Cambridges was the first high-profile royal trip abroad in more than two years. He added: "Equally, it is perfectly clear that mistakes were made. "There are those who have a strong republic and anti-monarchy agenda and on social media they made the most of them." Touching upon another key event which took place during the tour, he added: "Also no one could have predicted that the Prime Minister of Jamaica would be quite as open as he was with reference to declaring his country wanting to be a republic. "Going to certain countries at certain times, especially in times of change - Jamaica has flirted with republicanism for about 50 years - there is always going to present protests, you will have protesters." Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness appeared to put Kate and William on notice regarding his country's possible future as a republic during a meeting with the royal couple as part of their tour. He said: "Jamaica is, as you would see, a country that is proud of its history and very proud of what we have achieved. "And we’re moving on and we intend to… fulfil our true ambitions and destiny to become an independent and prosperous country." Prince William is believed to have made adjustments to some of his speeches through the tours to provide an appropriate response to the mood of the nation they were visiting. In Jamaica, after on the day of their arrival activists staged a protest in front of the British High Commission to demand an apology and slavery reparations, the Duke delivered a speech during a state dinner in which he branded the slave trade "abhorrent" and something that should have never happened. Moreover, the Cambridges bowed out of the tour acknowledging the three nations they had just visited may one day decide to sever their ties with the Crown. In a statement released as the Cambridges were leaving the Caribbean, William said: "I know that this tour has brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future. "In Belize, Jamaica, and the Bahamas, that future is for the people to decide upon. "But we have thoroughly enjoyed spending time with communities in all three countries, understanding more about the issues that matter most to them." He added: "Foreign tours are an opportunity to reflect. You learn so much, (including, for example), what is on the minds of prime ministers." The Duke and Duchess, he continued, are "committed to service", which doesn't consist in telling people "what to do" but supporting them in their choices. He added: "It is why tours such as this reaffirm our desire to serve the people of the Commonwealth and to listen to communities around the world."