Barcelona need to make at least two signings and also replace Frenkie de Jong this summer, claims Alejandro Moreno. The ESPN FC pundit says Barca must improve at both centre-back and right-back as well as in midfield. De Jong moved to the Nou Camp from Ajax in 2019 for a fee of around £65million. However, Moreno does not think he has lived up to expectations. Barca are being strongly linked with a number of central defenders, with Andreas Christensen widely reported to be set to join on a free transfer. Moreno also thinks USA international Sergino Dest is not the long-term answer on the right of defence. The former MLS star said: "Centre-back is a position that they have to address. I would argue that right-back is a position that you need to address. READ MORE: Lacazette's disrespectful interview proves why Arsenal cannot give him new deal  "I don't think Sergino Dest is the answer and Dani Alves is not going to last much longer. That is also something Barcelona must look at. "And then you also have to figure out what is it that you think you're going to get in the near future and distant future from Frenkie de Jong, and whether that's a move that you need to make in order to say 'maybe we make room for somebody else because he's not quite what we think he was going to be'." Barca crashed out of the Europa League at the quarter-final stage last Thursday with a 3-2 home defeat to Eintracht Frankfurt. They followed that up with a shock 1-0 loss to relegation-threatened Cadiz on Monday. Barca remain second in La Liga but manager Xavi rued a missed opportunity to cement that spot. He said: "We are angry, the players first, because we missed a golden chance to separate ourselves from those in the fight for the Champions League places and also to [keep] fighting for La Liga, which we've practically said goodbye to now. DON'T MISSBanned Conor Gallagher sends Chelsea and Thomas Tuchel message after FA Cup semi triumph [SOCIAL]Jurgen Klopp has already told Liverpool how to beat Man City to the Premier League title [QUOTES]Five Premier League clubs Coutinho could join with Aston Villa plans in tatters [TRANSFERS]  "I am annoyed and we have to be self-critical, myself first, as the coach. We're playing to be in the Champions League, that's why I am so angry. "There was a lack of desire and determination. It's been a really bad week and we have to turn things around as soon as possible. "I've tried to encourage them after the match, but we must compete better. We have to look at what we have done wrong in defence and attack. On Thursday we have another final against Real Sociedad."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here