Daytime chat show, Steph’s Packed Lunch which airs on Channel 4, will be absent from its usual spot due to a new schedule set by the broadcaster. The popular Yorkshire host, Steph McGovern, confirmed the news to fans at the end of Friday’s instalment, revealing she would be off the air for a couple of weeks but viewers can expect to see Couples Come Dine with Me and Find It, Fix It, Flog It instead from Monday, April 11.  Steph shared the news with viewers, saying: “We're off for Easter break for two weeks now, so we'll see you in a couple of weeks. “We're going to be back on Monday 28,” she added before she was quickly corrected and confirmed they would return on April 25. Apologising, she said she was “just too excited” because she was taking a long break. Steph is often joined by a number of special guests including regular contributors John Whaite, Denise Van Outten and Gareth Thomas. READ MORE:MasterChef contestant sparks concern with chicken feet and blood stew  The chirpy presenter, who started her career at the BBC doing work experience on the Tomorrow's World programme, began fronting her own programme in 2020. As the show often includes audience participation and special guests who share their real-life stories, the 39-year-old claimed she often has nightmares because of the stories they have covered. She confessed: “I get briefs on what we’ll be featuring on the show and if I read some of the sad ones the night before, I have b***** nightmares about the things that have happened to people.” She added to Daily Star: “With some of them, I can’t read about it until the morning of the show.    “The ones that make me sad are anything to do with babies or someone dying.” The Channel 4 presenter said it can often be challenging to keep it together on the show, especially now she’s embracing motherhood, saying: “I cry a lot more now I’m a mum.” “Sometimes I get overwhelmed,” the Yorkshire-born mother of one confessed. Steph has a daughter, whom she will be looking forward to spending some quality time with during her break from the show.   The popular Channel 4 series was given the go-ahead for another year back in November 2021. After broadcasting initially from her home during the COVID-19 pandemic, the presenter has continued to flourish, slowly becoming a staple part on British telly. Making the announcement to her doting fans on Twitter, she wrote: “Am buzzing my show has been recommissioned for another series.” The former BBC journalist gushed: “Thanks to my brilliant team on and off the telly.”  While it hasn’t been on TV for too long,  Steph’s flagship programme has already featured some history-making moments, including the time Steph had a smear test on live TV. Hoping to raise awareness, Steph said she was proud to have encouraged women to have their routine check-ups. Although some viewers will miss out on their Packed Lunch fix, the new schedule is set to air some Easter classics for fans to indulge on. Steph's Packed Lunch will return to Channel 4 on April 25.