Liverpool have ‘sounded out’ Barcelona starlet Gavi over a potential summer transfer switch, with the La Liga side sweating over the teenager’s future. The midfielder is yet to renew his contract beyond 2023 and is wanted by practically all of Europe’s top clubs.    Gavi has been exceptional for Barca this season, playing 39 times across all competitions. He has chipped in with two goals and six assists in La Liga. The 17-year-old is regarded as one of the hottest prospects in Spanish football but there is doubt over his future. Barca are desperate for him to renew his deal but there have been some reports that Gavi has turned down a couple of offers. Europe’s top clubs are lining up to pounce should Gavi not pen new terms. And Premier League title hopefuls Liverpool are understood to be among them. JUST IN: Leeds unsure on Kalvin Phillips' plans amid Man Utd links According to Spanish outlet Sport, the Reds are ‘sounding out’ the 17-year-old ahead of a possible transfer at the end of the season. He would no doubt fit seamlessly into Jurgen Klopp’s midfield three. Xavi had high praise for Gavi after a 4-2 win over Atletico Madrid in February. The former midfielder said: “Gavi is very versatile, and can play in multiple positions. Today, we played with a false winger and a false striker. I was looking for superiority in the midfield. Usually I want true wingers, but each game is a different world, and my decisions are determined by that.” The Spanish football icon was asked about Gavi again later that month. “The situations where he steals balls, which are many, when he puts pressure after losses, it’s brutal,” Xavi said, using a Spanish expression that indicates something is extraordinary. DON'T MISS...West Ham star Vlasic in tears after Westwood suffers horror injuryHazard's brother speaks out on future amid Chelsea and Arsenal linksArsenal rinsed by Redmond as Southampton ace's jibe caught on camera “He turns very well, he knows how to retain shape, he knows how to be the third man, he knows when he has to come inside. At just 17 years old his performance is spectacular. It’s wonderful to train him.” Liverpool might choose to replenish their midfield after spending last summer adding to Klopp’s defensive options with Ibrahima Konate. In January, they bolstered their attack by signing Luis Diaz from Porto. The midfield could be next for a shake-up, particularly with long-serving star James Milner coming to the end of his contract. The dynamic Gavi, who already has six Spain caps, would be an ideal replacement. But they could face trouble signing him. The same publication expects Gavi to ultimately agree to extend his contract with Barca.   