Dr Michael Mosley, the man behind the 5:2 diet, Fast 800, and most recently Fast 800 Keto, is an advocate of rapid weight loss. But what should you eat once the weight is off? After following a method which drops fat fast, Dr Michael recommends that dieters move onto a Mediterranean diet. He calls this a "way of life". A Mediterranean diet consists of fruit, vegetables, nuts, seeds and nut butters, legumes, whole grains, fish and seafood, poultry, eggs, dairy and herbs and spices. Dr Michael once revealed: “The Mediterranean diet is widely seen as the healthiest, most nutrient rich diet on the planet.” READ MORE: Princess Anne weight loss: Avoids 'sluggish metabolism' - here's how The best diets are mindful, but the weight loss guru admitted that "in times of stress you may be tempted to scoff comfort food like pizza and pasta". He continued: "But the traditional Mediterranean diet is very different. “It is rich in oily fish, veg, legumes and olive oil and little in the way of sugary snacks." Rather than chocolates or sweets, Dr Michael opts for full fat yoghurt, fruit or a handful of nuts when peckish. The "occasional glass of wine in the evening" is also encouraged as part of a Mediterranean diet. Red wines tend to have higher amounts of antioxidants than other alcohols and are lower in sugar. The Mediterranean diet is ideal for those who want to maintain their slim frames following rapid weight loss, but it also has further benefits. "A healthy diet can also improve mental health – people who are overweight or obese are much more prone to depression and anxiety, and that seems to be directly linked to visceral fat, the fat around the gut." He continued: "Olive oil is rich in a substance called oleic acid, which, like eating fibre, has a powerful anti-inflammatory effect. “So, splashing olive oil on your salad or vegetables is a really good for your brain." Anti-inflammatory foods such as olive oil are particularly essential for perimenopausal women, as perimenopause as classed as an inflammatory event. Eggs are a useful component of the Mediterranean diet because they are so versatile as well as being high in protein (6.4g for a medium egg) and low calorie (70-80 calories). Dr Michael is "a huge fan of eggs" because they "fill you up". But he is particular with what he pairs them with - "no toast I’m afraid", he told the BBC. Enjoying eggs with oily fish such as salmon, a healthy fat source such as avocado or another protein source such as chicken is preferable. Carbohydrates are not a huge component of the Mediterranean diet but the health guru expert offered some alternatives to the nation's favourites, white rice, pasta and bread.He recommended swapping these out for their wholegrain counterparts, as well as eating carbohydrates that contain lots of fibre, such as vegetables, chickpeas, barley, oats, buckwheat, and rye. “Fibre reduces the blood sugar spike, provides protection against bowel cancer and feeds the ‘good’ bacteria that live in your guts,” he explained.