Mr Wong entered the Den during an episode which aired earlier this year, seeking £50,000 for 10 percent equity stake in his business Impossibrew. Impossibrew is an alcohol-free beer business which was developed whilst his time at university. Despite his detailed pitch on the show, none of the Dragons offered any investment into the business. He was told that it was “too early into his business journey” and “there was too much competition in the industry”. However, this did not discourage Mr Wong. Since walking out of the Den, he has secured almost double the investment and value pitched to the Dragons with two independent Angel Investors. Within two hours of the BBC One show’s screening, Impossibrew had made 45-times its highest ever day sales, and more than £1million was expressed in interest for a potential crowdfund. READ MORE: NatWest is offering 3.04% plus £150 cash boost for switching - but not for long  Mr Wong has also been shortlisted for Young Entrepreneur of the Year at the Great British Entrepreneur Awards. From the age of 18, Mr Wong had developed a real love for beer and even started taking multiple professional industry exams. However, his passion took a knock when he was diagnosed with alcohol induced liver damage and was advised to give up alcohol for good. Despite the impact on his future career, he didn’t want to give up his beloved beer and tried hundreds of non-alcoholic beers in search of the same effect on him, but whilst enjoying the taste, it left him asking ‘what’s the point?’ As a result of the liver diagnosis, Mr Wong made it his mission to find a healthier way to unwind without alcohol, and a journey back home to Hong Kong found the answers. The businessman found the solution when he went back to Asia and discovered a whole new world of functional plants his ancestors would use for medicinal benefits. Inspired by this discovery, he began brewing beer in this university room using the plant ingredients. Two years later Impossibrew was born - beer brewed with plants to help people unwind without the alcohol. Mr Wong reached out to investors and customers at the start of the year to get an idea of an appetite for investment. Following this, 682 potential investors, amounting to £2.4million of funding, pledged support. He said: “I’m humbled by how many people decided to take a punt online and get some of our beers. “It’s been a crazy whirlwind of a few days. The reception has been overwhelmingly positive and in some ways I don’t think we would have got such positive responses if we had got investment. “The sales and the investor inbounds have been crazy. “We had a page on our website where we said you could express an interest in investing - it’s similar to a crowdfund sign up – and within five days of the show going out we had 682 investors and the number totals up to £2.4million. “People are pledging anything from £10 to £50, to someone going upwards of £250,000 and I can’t believe it to be honest. “The plan is to launch a crowdfunding campaign within the next month. By March we will opening up, allowing people signed up to come in, and even if 40 percent or 50 percent of the amount pledged it would still be way beyond the investment we wanted anyway. “The main thing to do with the money is to grow the team, and that will also give us the money to go into trade channels and that will also give us the capacity to fulfil those demands.”