Daniel Craig's journey as James Bond has finally come to an end. No Time To Die definitively rounded off his story, leaving the door open for a new actor to take over as 007. While the official announcement of the next star will likely come by the end of the year, the ever-changing Bond odds have become the only way of predicting which actor will take over. Tom Hardy has been at the forefront of the betting since 2020, but his chances have dwindled in recent weeks. Hardy has recently had his odds drop to 8/1 with Ladbrokes for the first time. The Venom and Inception star has been a favourite with punters for a while and has even spoken out about becoming 007 in the near future. However, he confessed he won't say much about the role. He explained: "You know, there's a saying amongst us in the fraternity of acting, and in the fellowship of my peer group, that if you talk about it you're automatically out of the race. So I can't possibly comment on that one! If I mention it, it's gone." Although he hasn't said anything further, the British star has been pushed aside by two major Hollywood hunks. Regé-Jean Page is at the top of the James Bond leaderboard at the moment. The Bridgerton star has been awarded an incredible 9/4 from Ladbrokes, making him the hot favourite at the time of writing. Betters will likely want to place their money on this favourite if they want an easy win. However, the British-Zimbabwean star does not think his casting is such a sure thing just yet. READ MORE: Next James Bond odds: The Downton Abbey stars ‘in the running’ Page recently spoke out about these 007 rumours. He explained that the fandom's passion for him joining the Bond franchise is nothing more than a "merit badge". The Netflix star said on The Tonight Show: "I think there might be an element of cultural translation to be done here. If you're a Brit, and you do something of any kind of renown that people regard well, then people start saying the 'B' word. It's like a merit badge. You get the 'B' word merit badge." Despite this, he added: "I'm very, very glad to have the badge. I'm glad to be in such wonderful company of people who have the badge. But it's a badge." What's more, he has some strong competition just behind him in second place. DON'T MISS...Idris Elba wanted as 007 by director keen to reboot [INFO]The Downton Abbey stars ‘in the running’ [INSIGHT]One Direction star's odds slashed - Craig backed him [NEWS] Henry Cavill has become one of the favourites in the Bond odds as well. The Superman star has been awarded an impressive 4/1 by Ladbrokes on donning the tuxedo in the next James Bond movie. Cavill has a particularly strained relationship with the Bond role, however. The Witcher star got to the audition stage for the 2006 film Casino Royale before it was released. But upon arriving at the audition he was told he was looking "a little chubby". Yes, Cavill was told he was too fat to play Bond. He later recalled that he "didn't know" how to eat properly or look after his body. So, because he did not have the ideal body for Bond, he was turned down. Shortly thereafter, Craig was taken on to play 007. He remained in the role for 15 years across five movies. Page and Cavill are the two frontrunners in the Bond odds at the moment, meaning Hardy has a long way to go until he can be considered. Every James Bond film can be streamed on Amazon Prime Video now.