She was thrown to the floor, kicked and kidnapped. Pinned down by five men she was forcibly tranquilised, and kept captive for five days in a motel room. When she was finally released, her reputation had been destroyed: branded a crazy alcoholic suffering dementia, a delusional paranoid. Arkansas-born socialite Martha Mitchell was the queen of Washington, D.C., a TV talk show favourite and the outspoken wife to former US Attorney General John Mitchell, who headed Richard Nixon's 1972 re-election campaign. But 50 years ago this June when she tried exposing the Watergate scandal - the botched break-in at the Democratic National Committee's headquarters - President Nixon's army of dirty tricks operatives demolished her reputation and wrecked her life. "I was not only kidnapped, I was threatened at gun-point," she claimed. Watergate would eventually force the resignation of Nixon, see the convictions of 48 White House officials and aides, and make heroes of Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward, Carl Bernstein, and their secret source 'Deep Throat'. Martha Mitchell had realised very early that Nixon and his aides were engaged in a "dirty tricks" campaign to secure the president's 1972 reelection. The forerunner to Deep Throat, she was the first to sound the alarm on what became America's biggest political scandal of the 20th century, becoming collateral damage and being relegated to the dustbin of history as a result - until now. Julia Roberts stars as Mitchell in the new eightpart series Gaslit that debuts on the Starz streaming service on Sunday. An unrecognisable Sean Penn portrays her husband John, who ordered theWatergate break-in. Downton Abbey's Dan Stevens plays White House counsel John Dean, who paid theWatergate burglars and led the cover-upthat buried Martha in its wake. "Gaslit is theWatergate story you've never heard before," says series creator Robbie Pickering. "She was the first person to bust the whole scandal wide open."  Richard Nixon, three years after resigning in disgrace, and still refusing to blame his downfall on his own no-holds-barred cover-up of the dirty tricks campaign that tried to burgle the Democratic Party headquarters in theWatergate complex in June 1972, exclaimed: "If it hadn't been for Martha, there'd have been no Watergate." Martha Mitchell was a Washington, D.C. celebrity: her blonde hair coiffed in a lofty beehive, with oversized cat-eye sunglasses and ostentatious dangling earrings, she was a fast-talking, sharp-tongued political pundit famed for drinking and talking too much. Known as "The Mouth of the South", The New York Times branded her "the most talked about, most talkative woman in Washington". She appeared on chat shows and was a sought-after speaker at Republican events. "I'm always up to something," she confessed. "Maybe it's good, maybe it's bad." Her husband described her as his "unguided missile". "What else can I do but let her speak? She's not politically motivated; she's just saying what she feels." None of this mattered while she targeted liberals. Even FBI chief J Edgar Hoover said admiringly: "She says what she thinks and lets the chips fall where they may." Martha lived for White House gossip. But it was to prove her undoing. She would rifle through her former torpedo boat commander turned wealthy lawyer husband's drawers, and when he held secret meetings at home she would sneak down the stairs to eavesdrop.  And she loved talking to reporters, ironically from her apartment in the Watergate building. Her husband controlled a secret fund to finance various forms of political skullduggery, including bugging and bribery. He also approved the Watergate break-in, allocating $250,000 for the operation. When the burglars were arrested in the small hours of June 17, the Mitchells were in California for a weekend of fundraising events from where Mitchell swiftly denied any White House involvement in the break-in. Mitchell's problem was that his famously indiscreet and feisty wife would know that was a lie so he persuaded her to remain in their hotel and enjoy the sunshine while he returned to Washington. But just five days after John Mitchell ordered the Watergate break-in, Martha, having smelt a rat, was on the phone to a female journalist, vowing to divorce her husband if he did not quit the "dirty business" of politics. "I've given John an ultimatum," she said. Suddenly the shocked reporter heard Martha shouting: "Get away! Get away!" - and the line went dead. Steve King, a former FBI agent working as a security agent for Nixon's campaign Committee to Re-Elect the President - or CREEP - and tasked by John Mitchell with watching over his wife, had burst into her bedroom, thrown her across the bed and ripped the phone cord from the wall to stop her talking. When she tried to escape over a balcony King knocked her down and kicked her, Martha claimed.  The next day, caught by King trying to escape, she slashed her hand through a glass door in the ensuing struggle, requiring six stitches. In the meantime, the anxious reporter had phoned John Mitchell to check on Martha's well-being. "She gets a little bit upset about politics," he claimed wife her of his wife, "but she loves me and I love her, and that's what counts." Yet Mitchell had his wife kept in seclusion, and ultimately sedated against her will by a doctor who found her screaming: "I'm being held a political prisoner. I know information!" Held captive in a motel, the switchboard operator was ordered not to allow Martha to make any outgoing calls. "They were afraid of my honesty," she said. A shaken Martha emerged days later ready to blow the Watergate scandal wide open. "I love my husband very much, but I'm not going to stand for all these dirty things," she said, displaying her bruises. "I'm black and blue.They don't want me to talk." Her protests fell on deaf ears. A ruthless President Nixon told an aide: "We have to turn off Martha." Nixon's acolytes had falsely painted her as a demented boozehound who could not be believed.  "The Nixon and CREEP people began to spread stories that Martha was crazy, an out-of-control alcoholic, or had a breakdown," wrote Winzola McLendon in her 1979 biography of Martha. New York's Daily News ran the story under the headline "I'm a prisoner of the GOP". The New York Times relegated the story to page 25 without mentioning Watergate - treating it as a case of a highprofile woman having a breakdown. Martha lamented that the White House "treated me abominably, half-crucified me, have sent out lies through the press." She complained that even First Lady Pat Nixon told people that Martha was "very, very ill". "She was kidnapped, sedated, drugged," says historian Kate Clarke Lemay of Washington's Smithsonian National Portrait Gallery, where Martha's image now hangs as part of a Watergate exhibition. "People denied that this happened to her. In today's phrase, they gaslit her. They called her crazy, they used that age-old reference for women as 'hysterical'." Julia Roberts, after immersing herself in the role of Martha, agrees: "There's nothing that makes you look crazier than running around screaming: 'I'm not crazy.'" Martha may not have known the full details of theWatergate breakin, but one of the five burglars caught red-handed was James McCord: a former CIA agent who had previously been her personal bodyguard and was working for the Nixon re-election committee.  Yet her husband publicly insisted that he barely knew McCord, denying that the exagent was employed by CREEP - a lie that shocked Martha. Phoning a reporter to spill the beans plunged her into the kidnap nightmare. When she finally emerged, her reputation in tatters, Martha issued her husband an ultimatum: Choose me or the president. John Mitchell reluctantly resigned as head of Nixon's re-election committee, publicly claiming to have quit politics for the love of his wife. "My bride was tired of travelling, tired of making speeches, nervous about flying, and I wasn't around to help," he said. Yet when Martha publicly called for President Nixon to resign, even her husband had to call that "ridiculous". She insisted to reporters: "I'm not sitting here a mental case or an alcoholic." But her pleas were ignored. Martha and her husband were soon barely speaking. She finally left him in 1973 as the president's house of cards collapsed. Nixon eventually resigned in August 1974.  Convicted of conspiracy, obstruction of justice and perjury, John Mitchell served 19 months behind bars. John McCord later confessed Martha had been "kidnapped" to keep her quiet, and claimed that Nixon and top White House aides resented her popularity. "They were extremely jealous of her and feared her because she was very candid," he said. Martha claimed that her husband tried to drive her "up the wall", hoping to have her committed to a psychiatric institution - just as Charles Boyer tried to force Ingrid Bergman into madness in the 1944 movie classic Gaslight. Psychiatrists who diagnose a patient's mental illness for seemingly delusional, implausible beliefs that are actually true now call it The Martha Mitchell Effect. A broken woman, crushed by Nixon's skullduggery and the betrayal of her husband, Martha died of bone marrow cancer in 1976, aged 57. "Not many people know Martha's story," says Gaslit series creator Pickering. "That's kind of a tragedy, and I hope after this they will." 