Last night, Blairite French President Emmanuel Macron defeated his nationalist challenger, Marine Le Pen, for the second time in the French Presidential election 59 percent to 41 percent. Billed as a battle for the soul of France – and getting to the heart of the globalist vs nationalist divide across the West – it was telling that Macron was greeted by a sea of EU flags as the EU anthem blasted out for his victory lap, while Le Pen led her supporters forlornly in a rendition of La Marseillaise. Despite a softening of her stance on Brussels, Le Pen had still warned “there is no such thing as European sovereignty” and “there is no European people.” Make no mistake, this was a huge win for Brussels. And, since Macron cannot run for a third term, the gloves will likely be off for his federalist ambitions, especially as post-Merkel Germany has largely ceded EU leadership to Paris. No more pandering to the hard right for electoral purposes at home either, one may imagine. A vote for Macron then was a vote for Europe and centrism. However, that Macron cannot run in 2027 – and since the Eurosceptic hard left and right now receive the backing of the majority of the French public (according to first round voting) – with no obvious centrist successor, plus the collapse of the traditional centre-right and centre-left parties, it may well be that febrile France is set for its real Revolution in five years’ time. For now, Brussels will take the win. Nor did good news for the EU stop with France, as another election in central and eastern Europe offered another shot in the arm for the bloc. In Slovenia last night, Robert Golob defeated populist nationalist Prime Minister Janez Janša with his Freedom Movement (GS) winning over 34 per cent to 23.6 per cent for Janša’s Slovenian Democratic Party (SDS). Slovenia, a former constituent of Yugoslavia, is one of the most dynamic economies of central and eastern Europe. Under Janša, the country has been very much in the camp of other recalcitrant central and eastern EU states. Janša has been a huge annoyance to Brussels, having railed against imposing “imaginary European values” upon central and eastern Europe. Janša has said the imposition of an alien outlook by western European states on countries in his region was the “fastest road to collapse” of the EU. He has also warned that an “EU without central Europe is not a European union”. Ominously, Janša has said that his own country is “not a colony”, nor are they “second-class members” of the bloc. Golob was then Brussel’s preferred candidate, with his party having also pledged to “design and pursue a foreign policy that is committed to the fundamental values of the EU and will support a strong and united EU,” adding that “Slovenia will be part of the core EU countries.” It should be noted however that, in common with the rest of central and eastern Europe, there is little appetite for western European-style progressivism in Slovenia. Therefore, despite the double shot in the arm for Brussels, ominous signs abound: Macron cannot run for a third time and has no natural successor, while Slovenia remains a conservative nationalist country, much like its regional allies. Moreover, Viktor Orbán’s recent landslide win in Hungary and continued support for Law and Justice in Poland, suggest the EU’s cultural Iron Curtain is standing firm – augmented now by Macron’s win last night. If anything, continuity is in the air, with the divide between the Two Europes very much alive. Macron, looking at his own strife-ridden country – where the hard right wins over a third of the public and soldiers actively warn of civil war – will likely see a narrow window of opportunity to finish off what he sees as his historic European mission. Brussels won some key battles last night. Who knows however if it will win the long-term cultural and political war.   