It remains to be seen which team Paul Pogba will be turning out for come the start of next season, however, one thing is becoming increasingly clear: that club won't be based in Manchester. The World Cup winner is set to depart Manchester United on a free transfer for the second time when his contract expires at the end of this current campaign and, despite the midfielder being up for grabs for nothing, it has now been claimed rivals Manchester City have rejected the chance to snap him up.  The Frenchman has turned down United's offers to extend his stay at Old Trafford over recent months having openly expressed his desire to challenge for trophies. One club who would certainly be able to provide the 29-year-old with a greater shot at silverware is United's fierce rivals City, however, according to the Daily Star, Pep Guardiola's side will not entertain the thought of picking him up this summer. The Spaniard is understood to have informed Pogba's agent, Mino Raiola, that he will not be pursuing a move for the United midfielder when his contract expires at the end of the season. The City boss previously snubbed the opportunity to sign Pogba four years previous and appears intent on taking the same approach to the prospect signing the French star once again. Despite the City setback, there is said to be no shortage of interest of top teams from across the continent. With that in mind, Express Sport take a closer look at four clubs who could look to poach Pogba on a free transfer this summer following's City's reported snub. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Rangnick slams three decisions after Arsenal defeat  The frontrunners in the race for Pogba's signature appear to be Ligue 1 champions elect Paris Saint-Germain. The French giants have made no secret of their admiration of the United midfielder and appear intent of bringing him to the French capital. It has been claimed Pogba has held talks with PSG in recent months having emerged as the 'top priority' for Mauricio Pochettino's side. Despite the fact PSG claimed their record-equalling 10th Ligue 1 title at the weekend, it is understood the Parisiens are keen to bolster in the summer having once again fallen short in their ultimate aim of lifting the Champions League. The club's midfield remains an area of concern and Pogba is considered a player who could come in and patch things up in that area. The mega-rich French outfit certainly have the financial clout to cover his excessive wages, thought to be in the region of £350,000 per week.  In addition to PSG, Real Madrid have also found themselves heavily linked with Pogba in recent times. The La Liga giants are believed to be one of a number of top European teams who are in talks with the United man's representatives, with Pogba said to be keen on a move to the Spanish capital. Pogba would certainly provide an alternative option in an ageing Madrid midfield, however any hopes the Frenchman harboured of potentially joining Carlo Ancelotti's side will have been dented by the news that Luka Modric appears set to extend his stay at the Santiago Bernabeu. The Croatian has been in scintillating form once again this season, while the same cannot be said about Pogba. Question marks remain over the midfielder who has struggled for consistency at Old Trafford this season - and ever since returning to the club in 2016 if truth be told. Los Blancos would certainly be able to appease Pogba's appetite for silverware as they close in on yet another La Liga title.  Another team reportedly in talks with Pogba's representatives are former employers Juventus. Should the Old Lady persuade the Frenchman to move to Turin this summer, it wouldn't be the first time they have poached him from Old Trafford. Pogba spent four seasons with the Bianconeri between 2012 and 2016, as the Serie A side helped transform Pogba from promising youngster to global superstar. Juve are understood to be keen to seal a sensational return for Pogba this summer, though the general consensus is that the Frenchman has his heart set on a new challenge. Massimiliano Allegri's side look set to lose Paulo Dybala for free this summer following a high-profile contract clash, however the wages saved on the Argentine could be instead spent on Pogba. Juventus are keen to add some star quality to their ranks in the summer following an underwhelming season, and with the midfielder having hit 34 goals and notched 40 assists in 178 appearances during his first stint at the club, Allergi's side will be well aware of what the World Cup winner is capable of.  While the three aforementioned teams appear set to battle it out over Pogba, an outsider option for the midfielder is that of United's Premier League counterparts Newcastle. Eddie Howe has overseen a remarkable resurgence with the Magpies in recent months and a mega-money takeover last October means the North East outfit only look set to continue their ascent. It has been reported that two Premier League sides have expressed an interest in persuading Pogba to continue his English adventure and the player himself hasn't ruled out remaining in the league. Newcastle's new-found fortune means the player's enormous wages shouldn't be much of an issue and the club remain keen on adding some world-class talent to their ranks. The Magpies have also made no secret of their desire to challenge for trophies, something Pogba revealed is a priority when deciding his future. The United midfielder recently declared: "Whether it's with Manchester or another club, I want to win trophies." 