Inflation hit seven percent in the latest figures released today, a new 30-year high. This represented another increase from the 6.2 percent figure for the year to February 2022. Experts had predicted inflation could hit 6.7 percent for the 12 months to March 2022, but the actual rate exceeded expectations. While in the short term, the steep rises in inflation are a cause for real concern, pensioners could benefit from a substantial increase in their state pension next year as a result. Becky O’Connor, head of pensions and savings, interactive investor, believes brighter times could potentially be ahead for pensioners. She said: “The silver tint on the great black clouds of living cost rises is that for pensioners at least, higher inflation in the year preceding the next state pension rise will mean a far greater rise next year in the amount received. READ MORE: State pensioners could miss out on full pension by giving wrong child benefit details “If inflation in September is 10 percent, while that is a horrifying figure from the point of view of living costs now, it does mean that come next April, the full new state pension will rise from £185.15 to £203.65 – possibly breaking the £200 a week barrier. “That’s because from next year, the ‘triple lock’ will be reinstated. “This guarantees rises in the state pension that are equal to earnings growth, 2.5 percent or inflation, whichever is higher.” The triple lock was suspended by the Government for one year for this tax year, because of much higher-than-expected wage growth in last September’s economic data. DON'T MISSPIP claim: 87 muscle and joint conditions that could mean you get £627 a month from DWP [INSIGHT]Lloyds Bank issues new scam warning - 'If it's seems fishy - you're probably right' [WARNING]PIP claim: The full list of freebies and discounts available from DWP - worth thousands [BENEFITS] This wage rise was thought to have been a post-pandemic anomaly, and therefore the Government believed the state pension increase it would have led to was not justified. Had the triple lock been honoured for the 2022/23 tax year, pensioners could have seen their state pension rise by more than eight percent. The state pension instead increased by just 3.1 percent on April 11, 2022. A 3.1 percent increase means the full new state pension has risen by £5.55 a week. However, this level of state pension increase is currently less than half the rate of inflation. Ms O’Connor continued: “It turns out that it would have been a fair reflection of the now dire state of price rises pensioners are having to contend with. “Of course, a rise next year is cold comfort for the next 12 months, during which pensioners are suffering a below inflation rise and wondering how on earth they are going to manage to heat their homes and still eat. “And we still don’t know what the rise in the state pension next year will be. “While odds are clearly on that inflation will still be running rampant by September, if it unexpectedly cools off, pensioners may still feel short-changed by this year’s embarrassingly low rise in the state pension, when compared to inflation.” Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, added: “If inflation continues to run high for the remainder of the year then pensioners could see a substantial boost to their pension from April next year. “If inflation started to fall back in the early part of 2023 then this could give some much needed breathing space for pensioners’ finances." However, Ms Morrissey said it is likely surging energy prices will continue to put pressure on pensioners' income.