John Darwin is infamous for being the Canoe Man who faked his own death. In March 2002 John decided to canoe out into the sea to stage the elaborate ruse after his amounting debt got too much for him. The story of him and his now ex-wife Anne Darwin is back in the public eye after the new four-part TV series on ITV, The Thief, His Wife and the Canoe aired this week. The now 71-year-old con-man is leading a very different life. Currently, two episodes have aired live, with the entire series available on ITV hub, and fans of the show will have noticed how the relationship between him and then-wife Anne changed over time. Back on March 21 2002 John left his wife to sound the alarm of his death when he went out to sea and failed to return, and when he didn't turn up for work at Holme House Prison, the search for the missing husband began. His wife was in charge of claiming his £250,000 life insurance policy while he remained in hiding in an adjoined flat that he would sneak back and forth from via a hidden door within a cupboard. The pair eventually moved to Panama, and after their plans started to unravel, it was a photograph of the duo that was taken in 2006 that would mark the start of their demise. Read More: All Creatures Great and Small boss details story he's 'really looking forward to' On returning to the UK, John walked into a police station in 2007 and claimed he didn't know where he had been for the last five years and had amnesia. After investigation, the photo was unearthed, and in 2008 he was jailed for six years and three months after admitting to eight fraud charges. His wife Anne was also sentenced to six-and-a-half years in jail for fraud and money-laundering charges. He was released on probation in January 2011, with Anne released two months after him, and during their time in incarceration, they filed for divorce after Anne said she wanted to end their marriage. The couple were from Seaton Carew, near Hartlepool, and were jailed at Teesside Crown Court. Despite many viewers only learning the story now, many years have passed since the true event, so where is John Darwin now? The former fraudster resides in Manila, Philippines, with his new wife, Mercy Mae Avila Darwin. The couple met online, and she is 23 years his junior. DON’T MISS…Adam Henson gives sad update on beloved dog Peg 'Drifting into gentle retirement' [LATEST]'The Duke and Duchess of Netflix' Vine panellist blasts Harry and Meghan monetising royals [LATEST]Why is Better Call Saul ending after season 6? [LATEST] John is believed to still be continuing to receive the UK state pension, and his wife runs a clothing stall in Manila. Mum-of-three Mercy married John in 2015, and as reported by The Mirror, Mercy revealed that her husband was off to fight for Ukraine. She said: “Yes, dangerous for the Russian when he shoot them (sic). “He will have a bullet proof vest and good life insurance, good for me.”