The 26-year-old has capitalised on her passion for pooches and now runs a business called Peanut Apparel. Named after her very own Cavapoo, she told Express.co.uk that passion is the number one ingredient for people looking to set up their own side hustle. Sole traders who have pursued their passion and turned their hobby into a successful business idea are contributing £39.6billion to UK business turnover, according to specialist insurer Hiscox. Sarah Gillis is among nearly a quarter (23 percent) of sole traders who have fulfilled their dream of turning a hobby into a business. She told Express.co.uk: “I got my dog Peanut on the day the lockdown was announced. “Not long after I decided to make dog bandanas just to pass a bit of time." READ MORE: NS&I announces Premium Bonds jackpot winners for April 2022  Sarah studied textiles at GCSE and A level and has always loved making things. Being placed on furlough gave her time to focus on being more creative. She said: “I had an old sewing machine that I probably hadn’t seen for about 10 years. "I was so rusty to start with that I had to watch loads of YouTube videos about how to even put the thread in." DON'T MISS:'Thank you!' Martin Lewis saves man £492 a year on his Sky TV bill [INSIGHT]State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less [WARNING]State pension: Six increases will take place from next month [UPDATE] The entrepreneur continued: “It started as something to do with my time - six months later I launched my harness range. “I still have bandanas but now I also sell harnesses, leads and poo bag holders. “Some of the bandanas I make myself and others I order in. "It’s enabled me to cut my working hours from full-time to part-time and spend more time on Peanut Apparel.” Isha Patel, small business insurance expert at Hiscox, said passion helps people make a living from their hobby. “The career advice to ‘do what you love’ is front and centre among the impressive number of sole traders who are now making a living from their hobby. “Our findings show that those business owners with a passion for their work have a 55 percent higher turnover on average than other sole traders. "This just goes to show the impressive economic impact that passion for the day job can have when it comes to running a successful small business.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Sarah has some tips for others looking to turn their own passion into a business: “Don't be afraid to start, and don't expect to get it right the first time. Being bold enough to start and accepting you'll walk before you run is so important. “Most likely social media will be a big marketing tool; make sure you show your face and make it personal. My highest performing Instagram reels and Tik Tok videos are the ones which feature my face and give an insight into the day to day of running my business. “Competitors don't have to be your enemies. I am really fortunate to be in a group chat with businesses who offer similar products to myself. The group is hugely supportive and it's invaluable to have people to speak to who understand your situation and problems. “Remind yourself daily of your long term goals. It is so easy to get side tracked by the day to day, which can lead to your business lacking in a strong direction. Reminding yourself also helps to keep you motivated on the challenging days.” Do you want to share your story with Express Money? Get in touch by emailing personal.finance@reachplc.com. Unfortunately we cannot respond to every email. 