From today, more people nearing the end of their life will have fast-track access to financial support through the benefits system thanks to new rules coming into force. The changes mean people who are thought to be in their final year of their life will be able to receive vital support on average six months earlier. When it comes to claiming state benefits, things aren’t always as simple as they should be. Now the DWP has confirmed it will make life that little bit easier for people who are terminally ill. This rule change applies to people on Universal Credit and Employment and Support Allowance (ESA). It will also be extended to personal independence payments (PIP) and other DWP benefits as soon as possible. READ MORE: £150 council tax rebate is due in April - don't miss out Terminally ill Britons who are eligible for state benefits will be able to access benefits sooner without being subject to a face-to-face assessment. Furthermore, in the majority of cases they will still receive the highest rate of benefits. Minister for disabled People, health and work Chloe Smith MP welcomed the DWP rule change coming into force today (April 4). She said: “Helping more people in the final year of their life get faster access to vital financial support is the right thing to do. DON'T MISS:Pension savers may be at risk of 55 percent tax charge [WARNING]Martin Lewis' advice if energy firm is doubling your direct debit [ALERT]Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month [INSIGHT] She continued: “I hope by extending this support it will alleviate the financial concerns of those nearing the end of their life and their families in the most challenging of times.” The national clinical director for end of life care at NHS England, Professor Bee Wee also welcomed the changes. She said: “I am really pleased to see this change which will enable earlier and faster access to financial support for people who are likely to be in their last year of life. “This additional support is of such vital importance to many people, and those important to them, during this difficult time.” Charities have been campaigning for a change to the benefits system for years, claiming that terminally ill people are subjected to too much pressure when it comes to making a claim. Marie Curie chief executive, Matthew Reed said: “We are delighted to see this important change come into force today for Universal Credit and ESA claimants, following years of campaigning. “This will help ensure more dying people can concentrate on making the most of the limited time they have left, rather than worrying about their finances. “Marie Curie look forward to continuing to work with the Department for Work and Pensions to communicate this important change and ensure everyone now eligible gets the support they need quickly and efficiently.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea A person who makes a new claim for Universal Credit under the Special Rules for End of Life (SREL) could receive an additional £354.28 per month for having limited capability for work and work-related activity of from day one of their claim. If they are eligible for New Style ESA, a person making a new claim could receive the highest rate of benefit of £117.60 per week from day one of their claim to support them in the last months of their life. Clinicians still have discretion under the updated rules and will be supported by a realistic and straightforward definition, which aligns with current NHS practice. The DWP has confirmed that changes to SREL will be extended to Personal Independence Payment, Disability Living Allowance and Attendance Allowance as soon as Parliamentary time allows.