Laura Heath, 39, disregarded medical advice and didn't keep youngster Hakeem Hussain's asthma under control. Prosecutor Matthew Brook said she "prioritised her addiction to heroin and crack cocaine" over her son and used his inhalers to smoke drugs. Heath was found guilty of gross negligence manslaughter following a devastating trial at Coventry Crown Court. She also previously admitted four counts of child cruelty. Shocking photographs of the family home revealed Hakeem was forced to live in squalor in the months leading up to his death, as rubbish piled up in the "unclean" rooms that "smelled of raw smoke". The seven-year-old was made to sleep on the sofa and his school uniform reeked of urine and cigarettes. But in further shocking details, police officers found his asthma pumps wrapped in foil next to "drug paraphernalia". Hakeem's breathing deteriorated quickly "day by day" shortly before his tragic death, with a school nurse warning he could "die over the weekend". On November 26, 2017, the youngster had gone outside to get some fresh air, which was normal for him to do if his asthma was bad. He would usually wake up Heath to ask for an inhaler but on this occasion, she did not "come to his aid". Hakeem was found lifeless and "freezing" in the garden with no sign of his medication. Heath called 999 at 7.37am the same day - some six hours after tapping was heard at a downstairs window by a neighbour. READ MORE: Octopus Energy offers to slash YOUR energy bill by hosting a turbine She told the operator: "He’s dead…my son. He’s took himself outside when we’re asleep because he’s got asthma… and he’s fell asleep… he’s dead. "He must have woke up and took himself outside so he can…he’s got asthma…he’s fell asleep outside…he must’ve done…he didn’t wake me up." Heath also told the operator her son was "blue and stiff" before adding: "There's no saving him. He's gone." During the harrowing call, the sobbing mum was also heard saying: "He's my baby, he's my baby." DON'T MISSUkraine LIVE: Tanks to Poland! Boris sends chilling warning to Putin [BLOG]Brexit LIVE: Boris to drag QUEEN into furious EU row as he picks fight [LIVE]'It's time we started being proud of being English again' [OPINION]  The young boy's lungs were also "hyper-inflated, narrowed, stiffened and inflamed as a consequence of neglect". Prosecutor Matthew Brook said: "The defendant had a duty to ensure the welfare of her son. "She knew that he was suffering from severe uncontrolled asthma. "There was an obvious risk that Hakeem might die from such an attack if she did not manage his asthma in accordance with the medical advice she received.  "Instead, the defendant deliberately prioritised her addiction to heroin and crack cocaine and flouted the medical advice that she received that would have kept her son's asthma under control." Heath had been Hakeem's sole carer for some 18 months from May 2016 until November 2017 - despite her drug addiction "spiralling out of control". But she quickly began to "neglect Hakeem's asthma and ill-treat him". It was said that in May 2017, the young boy was identified as a "child in need" by a social worker.       During his final months alive, a referral was made to Birmingham Children's Services after the youngster recorded 59 unauthorised absences from school. Hakeem was also admitted on three separate occasions - including in September 2017 when he suffered an "acute life-threatening asthma exacerbation". Prosecutor Mr Book said: "Tragically, although it was concluded that Hakeem was at serious risk, a decision was made not to remove him from the defendant’s care." 