The bloc finally stepped up to Vladimir Putin amid his full-scale invasion of Ukraine earlier this month by including a coal ban in a fifth sanction package after mulling over energy sanctions for weeks. It came after pressure piled on Europe to ban imports Putin’s hydrocarbons, which Russia receives billions for, after Western counterparts like the US and UK took the lead. It came after pressure piled on Europe to ban imports Putin’s hydrocarbons, which Russia receives billions for, after Western counterparts like the US and UK took the lead. But the coal ban (coal is much cheaper than Russian oil and gas) could spark a frenzy of soaring energy prices for markets across the globe. While the cheapest of the energy imports, Russian coal exports to Europe still cost the bloc a staggering €5.2billion (£4.3billion) in 2021. And after the European Commission proposed an import ban on Russian coal, coal prices in northwest Europe jumped to their highest level in one month. The EU imported 69 million tons of coal from Russia, making up 26.3 percent of the country's total coal exports. Now, the bloc may have to look to exporters much further away than Russia. Europe would likely have to fork out much more for shipping costs by importing from countries like South Africa, Colombia, the US or Australia instead. Experts say that prices are likely to soar further due to the changing nature of coal trade flows, which will raise shipping cost and spark higher coal and electricity prices. Research by Rystad Energy explained: “The coal ban means European consumers will have to brace for high power prices throughout this year as supply shortages in countries that rely on coal generation will spread across the continent via its well-connected power grids.” Carlos Torres Diaz, head of Rystad Energy’s Power Market Research team, warned: “These latest sanctions are a double-edged sword. Russian coal exports are worth an estimated €4 billion per year, and there is no easy like-for-like replacement for Russian coal in Europe’s power mix. READ MORE: NASA scientist in TEARS as he issues warning over impending disaster “European consumers – from large companies to households – should expect high prices for the remainder of 2022 as coal and gas are essential to meet the continent's power demand.” And due to current challenges that the global coal market is facing, major exporters may only have limited coal to ship to Europe, even if it is at a higher cost. Indonesia, the world’s major coal exporter, had an estimated 440 million tons in 2021. Australia had 376 million tons, according to the IEA. But those exporters may be hard-pressed to quickly replace thermal coal exports to the EU which came from Russia due to the freight costs and long transit journeys, as well as the already high demand coming from buyers in Asia. DON'T MISS UK squanders huge opportunity to harness geothermal in FIVE locations [REVEAL] Bizarre ‘portal from hell’ opens up in California lake [REPORT] Putin humiliated: 400,000 secret files leaked by hackers [INSIGHT] Coal demand in Asia soared in 2021, with the total for the three months to July at 240.06 million tonnes, up 7.8 percent from the 222.79 million for the same three months in 2020. In the European case, Russia accounts for 45 percent of EU’s coal imports. But it is 70 percent dependent on the thermal coal imports that are for electricity generation, according to Brussels-based think-tank Bruegel. The European Commission said 15 percent of its power was generated by coal in 2021. Germany could fare particularly badly without Russian coal, importing the most coal in Russia at 22.3 million tons. The Netherlands, Poland and Italy are also big exporters of the energy source.But an analysis by experts at Bruegel suggested Europe may be able to replace Russian coal quicker than might be expected. Their analysis read: "Most prominently, the German association of coal importers has said Russian coal can be substituted in a few months. “It is unclear, however, how much of a buffer EU coal stocks would provide for the transition phase. “The reported 2.6 million tons stocked in ports would cover about three weeks of Russian imports, but more coal should be sitting in the stocks of power plants.” But even if this can be replaced, critics of the Commission have argued that the move to sanction Russian coal is not an effective enough attempt to damage Putin's energy empire. Belgian MEP Guy Verhofstadt said in a speech in European Parliament: "Progressive packages of sanctions with an autocrat does not work. That works with a democracy...with a real public opinion. In Russia, there is no longer a real public opinion. The reality is that it does not work because the fifth package is what? Coal. It is ridiculous, it is only three percent of the imports from Russia."