  Babe Smith actress Annette Badland, 71, gave an insight into her late EastEnders co-star June Brown, who died earlier this month at the age of 95. Annette spoke about how “strong” and “genuine” the Dot Cotton actress was in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk.      On April 4 it was announced that June, who had played the iconic soap character Dot Cotton for many years, had died. June had appeared in 2,884 episodes of the BBC’s hit show EastEnders and fans were left heartbroken by the news. Annette, who appeared on the show between 2013 and 2017, shared an insight into June’s character. When asked if she knew the actress well, she described meeting her for the first time during a filming project in Switzerland years before they both appeared on the soap together. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’     “We had more time off together then really,” she reflected. “When I was on EastEnders, I didn’t see her as much, but then towards the end I saw her fairly often.” After a pause, Annette said of her late co-star: “She was genuine and strong. “She didn’t suffer fools, and that’s much to be admired, I think. Her spirit. “But she often had rye humour as well, ironic, and taking the p**s out of things.”      Dot Cotton proved to be one of EastEnders’ most beloved characters over the years. June first appeared in the series in 1985, in the same year it was created, staying all the way up until 1993. She then returned in 1997 to reprise her role and stayed for over two decades, eventually leaving in 2020. June was already in her 50s when she joined Albert Square, but that didn’t stop her from claiming her title as the soap’s longest-running character. READ MORE... Phillip Schofield and Luke Evans' secret friendship exposed on holiday [NEWS] Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey emotionally follows hearse as funeral begins [NEWS] Tom Parker’s kids send heartbreaking tribute to ‘daddy’ at funeral [INSIGHT]     In 2005, the actress received a Lifetime Achievement award at the British Soap Awards and was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2008 Birthday Honours for services to drama and charity. This year, she was also appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2022 New Year Honours. Meanwhile, Annette’s character Babe Smith left EastEnders back in 2017 after she was thrown out of The Queen Vic and put a curse on her family. Annette has since gone on to take up the role of Fleur Perkins in Midsomer Murders and proved to be a hit with fans since she joined the show in 2019.      She has also been busy behind the bar as no-nonsense landlady Mae at the local pub of Richmond Football Club in Apple TV’s award-winning show Ted Lasso. Her other roles include Mrs. Glenna Fitzgibbons in the first season of Outlander, and villainous slitheen Margaret Blaine in the BBC’s Doctor Who. Aside from all her acting endeavours, Annette is also taking part in a fundraiser for Diabetes UK, which will see her swim 22 miles (the equivalent distance of the English Channel) over the course of the next month. Donate to her fundraiser on behalf of Diabetes UK here: https://swim22.diabetes.org.uk/fundraising/annette1425#share-page   