With the Easter holidays fast approaching, Britons are being urged to fill up their vehicles sensibly and only take what they need. Forecourts continue to face disruption to their supplies, with some being forced to temporarily close altogether - particularly in south east England. For the 12th day in a row, protests and demonstrations have been staged at fuel terminals across the south of England. The eco-activist groups, Just Stop Oil and Extinction Rebellion, have teamed up to create chaos for frustrated Brits. They’ve said they will not stop taking action until the Government agrees to end all new fossil fuel investments immediately. READ MORE: Electric car owner fined £100 after charging his vehicle in car park  Activists have been seen gluing themselves to roads and being locked to oil drums. The protests are exacerbating issues for British supply lines which are already under pressure due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine and increased demand following the end of Covid lockdowns. Supermarket petrol stations as well as BP and Shell garages appear to be most affected. Some forecourts have placed signs at their entrances to notify motorists of the lack of supplies and to prevent queues from forming.  Today, the majority of the issues are being reported in south east England. Petrol stations in the following counties have reported supply shortages: Last week issues were reported to be more widespread, affecting parts of Birmingham, the Black Country, Worcestershire and Staffordshire. DON'T MISS: Motorists can save over £300 a year on fuel costs by ditching premium [INSIGHT]Boris returns from horror of Kyiv for dino day out with kids and Carri [NEWS]Fishing village heartbreak as second homeowners kill community [EXPLAINED]  On Monday, the campaign group FairFuelUK said it had received “credible intelligence” that one out of three garages had “run dry of petrol and/or diesel particularly in the south”. Howard Cox, founder of the group, has urged Prime Minister Boris Johnson to “get on top” of the protests and “protect the supply of petrol and diesel to our garage forecourts”. He said: "Don’t let panic buying take over again with those long unnecessary queues we saw last year when you failed to act. "Our economy and millions of daily lives depend on their vehicles. There is no need to wait until it gets too late to act. So please secure the fuel supply chain now!"  Google Maps provides one of the best methods to see whether a fuel station near you has a good amount of supplies. When you go into it, make sure your location is turned on and search for petrol stations near you. A special tool on Google Maps lets you know how busy any particular station is - essentially the busier it is the higher the bar displayed next to it. A high bar may indicate that the station is busier because it has fuel in, though this doesn't take into account factors like the local population. 