A fight seemingly years in the making will finally happen at Wembley Stadium on Saturday when Tyson Fury defends his world title belts against Dillian Whyte. 'The Body Snatcher' has long craved a chance to become world champion, and his status as mandatory challenger has at last reaped dividends despite not having stepped in a ring since March 2021, when he knocked out Alexander Povetkin. And despite 'The Gypsy King' being resounding favourite to retain his belts, not all experts are predicting it will go the way of the Manchester man. Derek Chisora (Whyte): Not like Derek Chisora to be colourful with his words of course - but 'Del Boy' doesn't just think Whyte will win - he's actually willing to put his house on it. Chisora is the only boxer to have fought both men, losing on both occasions, but he thinks the power of 'The Body Snatcher' will prove defining: “I’m willing to put my house on it: I’m willing to put my house on Dillian Whyte knocking Tyson Fury out," he told TalkSport. Joseph Parker (Fury): The kiwi heavyweight was controversially beaten by Whyte back in 2018, and is a close friend of Fury's. In fact, when Parker was unable to return to hs native New Zealand in the pandemic, it was Fury who he trained with to keep fighting fit. His prediction to reporters this week wasn't all one way though: “I’ve predicted that Tyson can get a knockout early. But Whyte is a handful. I know he’s very tough and you’ve got to come game, but I don’t see him winning.” Ricky Hatton (Fury): 'The Hitman' said publicly at the start of the month that there was no way Whyte could 'outbox' the champion, and has subscribed to the popular view that the Brixton man will need to try and win it early. In fact, he's essentially urged the challenger to all or nothing from the off, but thinks Fury will prevail by playing the long game: “I think Dillian has got to go in there and go for the knockout," he said. JUST IN: Tyson Fury warned Dillian Whyte could cause an 'upset' in Wembley heavyweight title fight Johnny Nelson (Fury): The former cruiserweight champion has become a highly respected Sky Sports pundit, and as always, has given a measured view ahead of the 'battle of Britain'. He's gone for Fury on the basis he's "backed up everything he’s said and done," but at the same time, hasn't completely ruled out Whyte: " Dillian Whyte has every chance but he’s coming up against a man who’s unbeaten and is so far unbeatable," he said. David Haye (Whyte): Tyson Fury openly dislikes David Haye, who he accuses of messing him around over the bout between the pair that never happened. Now Haye is a pundit, he and dad John seemingly dislike him more and wanted him banned from commentary after backing Whyte: “The type of opponent that you’d need to beat Tyson Fury? Dillian Whyte has all of those attributes. He can punch hard, he’s got cardio for days he’s got the desire and belief in himself." DON'T MISS:Dillian Whyte's previous fight purses ahead of biggest payday against Tyson FuryBoxing legend Mike Tyson 'repeatedly punches passenger' in furious plane scrapOleksandr Usyk to 'study' Tyson Fury's fight vs Dillian Whyte in big hint at future bout  Dana White (Fury): The UFC supremo has long kept his eye on other combat sports, and has had his say on how he thinks this showdown will go to. Despite claiming he's "heard a lot about Dillian Whyte," he's stopped short of backing him, telling reporters: "I just don’t know if I see anybody beating Tyson Fury right now.” Eddie Hearn (Whyte): Deep down, Eddie Hearn will be wishing that this wasn't Fury v Whyte, but Fury v Anthony Joshua in a mouth watering unification bout - but Oleksandr Usyk saw to that. The Matchroom boss thinks Fury being downed twice by Deontay Wilder is proof Whyte can win though, telling TalkSport: “He has the equaliser as he’s a tremendous body puncher, a left hook that can turn your lights out as well." Dana White (Fury): The UFC supremo has long kept his eye on other combat sports, and has had his say on how he thinks this showdown will go to. Despite claiming "he's heard a lot about Dillian Whyte," he's stopped short of backing him, telling reporters: "I just don’t know if I see anybody beating Tyson Fury right now.”