Married At First Sight Australia has been airing on E4 in the UK and the quirky dating TV series has been full of drama. Jackson Lonie and his wife Olivia Frazer have been at the centre of the explosive dinner parties. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where the plumber is now. Jackson describes himself as the class clown who is outgoing and confident. However, he also said he was sensitive and was ready to find love. The experts matched him with Olivia Frazer and they quickly came into the spotlight as one of the most talked-about couples. Jackson came to the defence of his wife after she received backlash from the other cast members. There had been a dramatic moment where Domenica Calarco smashed a glass during a heated argument with Olivia. READ MORE: Married at First Sight's Olivia and Jackson appear to confirm romance As for where Jackson is now, he has been keeping fans up to date via Instagram. He shared a photo of himself from the series wearing a beaming smile, saying: "One happy chappy". The reality star also shared a post of himself with his wife Olivia saying: "We made it through." He used an emoji of a face with love heart eyes, suggesting the pair are still as happy as ever. Speaking about his wife, he added: "She took my breath away." Jackson was known for his extreme health and fitness regimes, something Olivia has now grown used to. He shared a photo of himself at the gym, saying: "In my element." Speaking to Now To Love Australia, he said: "To this day I go to the gym and she’s cool with it.” He also said his wife had been working on herself following some explosive arguments on the show. He added: "Liv has been trying [to improve] since the snide comments, I did pull her up on it and it hasn’t happened again. DON'T MISS... MAFAS's Olivia fails to apologise over nude Domenica snaps [INSIGHT] Ella Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Ella Ding now? [EXPLAINER] Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? [INSIGHT] “It’s a lot different in the real world you don’t have to be put into a room with someone you don’t like.” A teaser clip for the finale, which is yet to air in the UK, shows all the contestants reuniting to discuss their experiences. Olivia and Jackson appear to be shown the footage of Olivia's altercation with Domenica. The reunion episode should confirm how the couple handled life since leaving the series. From what Jackson has said, it appears he and Olivia have come out on top. As for Olivia, she has also taken to Instagram to show her appreciation for her husband. Sharing a photo from their wedding, she said: "I love him so much." She also shared a snap of the pair kissing, adding: "I get to keep him." The tough experiment seemed to bring the couple much closer together.  Married At First Sight Australia airs on E4.