Arsenal could save themselves millions by pulling out of the running to sign Djed Spence due to the emergence of Brooke Norton-Cuffy. Middlesbrough right-back Spence, who is on loan at Nottingham Forest, is a target for both the Gunners and Tottenham. However, Arsenal already have a young right-back of their own who has a promising future ahead of him. Norton-Cuffy only turned 18 in January but is thriving during a loan spell at League One side Lincoln. Shortly after his 18th birthday, he joined Lincoln on loan for the remainder of the season. He has started 10 of his 14 appearances and impressed under Michael Appleton, scoring in the 3-1 win over Sheffield Wednesday in March. Arsenal currently have two first-team right-backs on their books. Takehiro Tomiyasu joined from Bologna last summer and became an instant fan favourite at the Emirates. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Rangnick explains four demands he’s made as Glazers face crunch time  The Japan star has not played since January though due to injuries to each of his calves. Cedric Soares has filled in admirably at times in Tomiyasu's absence. However, he has been linked with a move away from the Gunners in recent transfer windows. Arsenal's interest in Spence hints that manager Mikel Arteta is keen to strengthen at right-back. Spence impressed against Arsenal as Forest dumped them out of the cup at the third round stage this season. But signing the 21-year-old could stunt the growth of Norton-Cuffy. DON'T MISSChelsea have four players who may be dropped for Real Madrid clash after Brentford mauling [OPINION]Man Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford job [REPORT]Tottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle win [GOSSIP]  Therefore technical director Edu could save the club millions by using Norton-Cuffy as an option next season. A compilation of the teenager's best bits from Saturday's 2-1 win at Charlton has done the rounds on social media. The video shows Norton-Cuffy's defensive strength as well as having the attacking prowess that Arteta would demand. It would be highly unlikely he would come back to Arsenal as first choice after just half a season of senior football but getting him around the first-team environment, as well as giving him appearances in cup competitions, will be vital. Arteta has not been frightened to throw academy graduates into his team. Bukayo Saka and Emile Smith Rowe are two of the Gunners' players of the season despite only being 20 and 21 respectively.  Hector Bellerin earned a starting spot at right-back at a young age at Arsenal, albeit slightly older than Norton-Cuffy is now. The Athletic claims a new contract has been offered to Norton-Cuffy and the player is expected to sign the extension. That could allow Tottenham to make their move for Spence. Emerson Royal has not lived up to expectations following his £25million arrival from Barcelona.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here