Escape to the Chateau star's Dick and Angel Strawbridge have told how they took advice from their tour manager "very seriously" before they set off on their 2022 Dare to Do It tour around the UK. In February, the duo returned to the UK for the first time in two years along with their children, Dorothy and Arthur, for a five-week stint of live shows around the country. After having returned to France and Château de la Motte-Husson, the duo reflected on their time in the UK in their newsletter. Sharing a series of behind-the-scenes snaps with their readers, the duo detailed their time on stage in front of a live audience. They also shared the advice their tour manager had given them three years ago, revealing that they still go by it to this day. The couple wrote: "In 2019 our tour manager told us that every night must be as good as the first and we have taken this very seriously. READ MORE: Monty Don divides fans by unveiling big team behind his famous garden "However, there is something different about opening night because there is an underlying feeling of ‘anything can happen’." The duo went on to explain that despite doing multiple test runs on stage, things could unexpectedly go wrong.. They went on: "Even after 2 days of rehearsals and testing everything technical is working, there is a small anticipation of the unknown. "It’s daunting and exciting in equal measure!" Nevertheless, they told how their two children helped to keep the nerves at bay ahead of their performances. "At the start of every show Arthur and Dorothy wait with us in the wings, and that is the best grounding one can get," they gushed. Last month, Dick and Angel candidly reflected on returning home for the first time in two years after living in France. Angel said: "We love coming over to see the family. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [INSIGHT]The Wanted's Max George shares heartbreak following Tom Parker's death [UPDATE]Richard E Grant emotional as he 'sorts through' late wife's clothes [ANALYSIS] “Admittedly with Covid things haven’t been easy. “But at every opportunity, we’ve always been on the first ferry back," she added to the Belfast Telegraph. In the middle of March, the duo took to Instagram to post a series of pictures from their time in the UK after they returned home to France following their tour. The pair wrote: “We are home...after nearly 6 weeks on the road touring, we arrived back to the Chateau in the early hours of yesterday morning. “It's truly been an honour and a privilege and we have loved every second. “It's been great to see & meet so many of you and to hug friends and family. Thank you so much if you came to see us.” They continued: “We’ve been catching up around the house, unpacking, laundry and having the first goose eggs of the season. “Boy...it's good to be back home. Have a lovely day!” they ended their post.