Shadow Secretary of State for climate change Ed Miliband discussed Ms Murthy's financial transparency when it comes to taxation in the UK. Rishi Sunak has already been slammed for his financial handling of the pandemic after writing off millions of pounds stolen by fraudsters and increasing the National Insurance payments by 1.25 percent in the country. Mr Sunak and his wealthy wife Ms Murthy face even more scrutiny over her decision not to claim citizenship and remain classed as a non-domiciled resident, which financially benefits her with its tax policy loophole.  BBC Radio 4 host NickRobinson said: "Now she is an Indian citizen, she was born in India, and she's perfectly entitled, therefore isn't she to say any money I earn there, I pay tax over there. "Any money I earn here I pay tax over here." Mr Miliband said: "Well it is perfectly legal, but the question is, is it right? "You know I in 2015 wanted to get rid of non-dom status, but I think the question people will be asking about this case... Is I think people will be quite surprised that the Chancellors immediate family is not paying UK tax on all of their income. JUST IN: ‘Plans have failed’ Putin’s focus may now turn to Donbas, says retired air vice-marshal     Mr Miliband added: "But sheltering a large part of their income from UK tax by claiming... By saying that they are not permanently resident in the UK. "I think that is, to put it mildly, surprising and I think a question of legitimate public interest." Mr Sunak's wife has been reported to be richer than Queen Elizabeth II, but reports this week also revealed that Akshata Murthy has a non-dom status. Criticism has been thrown at the couple due to this reason and Mr Sunak's increase in UK tax, which has hit many hard. READ MORE: Ukraine can ‘absolutely win’ conflict as Putin ‘has achieved zero’, says Pentagon     Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng expressed a different sentiment this morning and defended the couple with praise this morning on BBC News. Mr Kwarteng said: “As far as the Chancellor’s wife is concerned, I think her position was very clear and the chancellor has always been very transparent and open. 