Gardeners’ World said: “Plants you can’t kill are typically robust in stature and constitution, often labelled as vigorous, trouble free and disease resistant in the garden centre.” By watering and feeding these types of plants, gardeners will encourage them to thrive and it is only once they are growing strongly that they can be left to fend for themselves. But what types of outdoor plants are unkillable? While it’s good to be challenged when growing plants in the garden, it is also essential that a garden has enough plants which are “indestructible”. One popular colourful plant which is hard to kill is the geranium. Cranesbill geraniums are copper-bottomed plants with bright summer flowers which will cope with the sun or shade. They die down in winter but come spring, they will bloom once again. READ MORE: 'Cheap and gentle' laundry substitutes to use when doing laundry Gardeners’ World also recommended two evergreen shrubs, the Emerald n Gold and Emerald Gaiety. They said the shrubs will bring variegated brightness to the garden and even climb up a wall if they are planted alongside brickwork and stonework. Primroses bloom in early spring, offering a variety of forms, sizes and colours. According to Gardeners’ World, they love the sun or shade. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share 'cheap' hack to make bathroom tiles 'sparkle' [COMMENT]Houseplants: ‘Increase watering’ now but ‘don’t stick’ to a routine [EXPERT]Monty Don shares how to sow peas properly for sweet crop in summer [VIDEO] The plant will also seed themselves in the garden without ever becoming a “nuisance”. The experts also recommended planting penstemons, known for their long flowering season and popularity with bees. There are many different types of penstemon, with some loving a border and others suited to an alpine garden. Gardeners’ World said: “Penstemons bear tall spires of foxglove-like flowers on slender stems that are much tougher than they appear. “A herbaceous perennial that should be replaced every two or three years from easy-to-root cuttings.” Now is a great type to plant penstemons as the soil is warming up so the roots will quickly settle. Gardeners could also plant bamboo, a vigorous and dramatic plant with evergreen foliage. They come in different types of stem colours, heights and foliage types. Gardeners’ World recommended opting for clump-forming bamboo such as those with black or golden yellow stems. The experts said: “They shouldn’t get out of hand. Avoid the spreaders that will take over your garden.” Clump-forming bamboos grow in dense clumps that can become quite large, adding a nice feature to the garden. They are less invasive, but can still potentially spread in favourable growing conditions. Other unkillable garden plants include astrantia, choisya, epimedium and brachyglottis.