 Regular ITV viewers will recognise Andi Peters as the familiar face who is often seen promoting competitions on shows such as Good Morning Britain and Lorraine. The presenter is well known for surprising competition winners with enormous cash prizes. However, Andi has recently opened up about a dispute he had with ITV lawyers over the way he describes the prizes.   Andi chatted about his competition hosting role to Lorraine Kelly and her daughter Rosie Smith on their What If? podcast. He gushed about his passion for the job, but confessed to once having an argument about his script. The presenter revealed there’s a specific phrase he’s been banned from using while promoting certain competitions. He explained ITV lawyers told him not to call £99,999 in prize money a “life changing” sum. READ MORE: Pensioner insists she's not hard up on £12K a year 'I'm happy'   Andi fumed: "We have this ridiculous situation where the ITV lawyers say you can’t say the word life-changing unless it's £101,000 or more. “And I always argue saying, ‘I’m really sorry, £3,000 changed her life, she doesn’t have to get the bus to work anymore, so for her it was life-changing,’” he insisted. The presenter reflected on how much £3,000 impacted one winner’s life after he knocked on her door to reveal she’d won. Andi revealed a few weeks after the competition, he received a Tweet from the lucky winner.    He explained the social media message revealed that, thanks to the money, the prize winner could now afford to get her car repaired, after a year and a half of taking the bus to work while her car was off the road. “Things like that melt my heart,” Andi confessed. Detailing the impact the win had on the viewer, Andi argued that the £3,000 to her was in fact “life-changing”. However, the presenter revealed he’s previously been told not to use the phrase when discussing even larger sums of money. DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun buyer slams counter offer in ‘tense’ negotiations [WATCH]Jane McDonald falls into the sea while paddleboarding [MUST SEE]When will Laura Kuenssberg take over as Andrew Marr’s replacement? [INSIGHT]  The presenter continued: “Six years ago, we gave away £1million and they wouldn’t let me call the £1million life-changing because – this is exactly what the lawyer said – ‘If Richard Branson won, it wouldn’t change his life’. “So we argued back and said, ‘No, it would change his life, because in that minute he would be £1million richer. That is life-changing’,” he said. Andi claimed he took his argument “all the way to the top” but the lawyers still refused to let him use the phrase. An ITV spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "We choose language for the scripts of promoted ITV competitions carefully, within agreed editorial guidelines. The term 'life-changing' is only used for larger prize promotions of £100k or greater, where this amount could be considered as such for the majority of the audience."   It’s not just ITV daytime shows that viewers may recognise the presenting star from. Andi also regularly appears on Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway. Throughout the current series of the Saturday night entertainment show, Andi has been traveling around the UK visiting takeaway shops with comical names such as Jason Donervan and Sushi Me Rollin’. Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am. Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway airs Saturdays at 7pm on ITV. 