Manchester United are reportedly interested in signing Frenkie de Jong this summer. So, with that being the case, the Red Devils could be tempted to use Anthony Martial in a potential swap deal. Erik ten Hag will be manager of the fallen Premier League giants next season - and their current No 9 isn’t expected to hang around. Manchester United thought they’d struck transfer gold when they signed Martial from Monaco in 2015, back when Louis van Gaal was manager. But, seven years on, and the France international is yet to fulfil his potential. Martial has obviously had his good moments for United, such as the 23 goals he managed in the 2019/2020 campaign when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was in charge. But, as Ten Hag prepares to take over, it’s looking increasingly likely he’ll depart at the end of the season. The Dutchman will have his own ideas for the job at Old Trafford as he looks to succeed where Solskjaer, Van Gaal, David Moyes and Jose Mourinho have failed. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Yet it’s hard to see Martial fitting in given he’s a poor presser and his loan spell at Sevilla is yet to work out. Therefore, the Red Devils could be tempted to use the 26-year-old as bait as they set their sights on De Jong. Back in 2019, Barcelona spent big on the Netherlands international believing he’d be the perfect heir to Andres Iniesta in the middle of the park. And now, with Xavi at the helm, De Jong is showing exactly why he was worth their £55million investment. The problem for Barcelona is, though, that they need to make a big sale by June 30 to balance the books. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And including Martial as part of a deal would kill two birds with one stone. Firstly, he’d be on far cheaper wages - with Barcelona currently paying the former Ajax star a lucrative £354,000-a-week. Martial would cost them £100,000 less every seven days if he was to earn the same amount he presently pockets at United. So that would be one way of Barcelona saving cash, while also ensuring they get some money in return for the striker. Also, it’s worth noting that the Catalan titans want to land a new marksman when the transfer window reopens. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here While they’re happy with the form of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Barcelona know they need more competition for places. Erling Haaland had been their priority target but, now, the Norway international looks likelier to leave Borussia Dortmund for Real Madrid or Manchester City instead. And while they admire Robert Lewandowski, Bayern Munich are adamant the Poland international won’t be leaving the Allianz Arena this summer. But Martial would be a good addition to their squad if they can get him firing. And the work Xavi has done at the Nou Camp so far suggests he’s got it in him to coax the best from the United star. Obviously, Barcelona are publicly saying they don’t want to lose De Jong. But the player himself could be attracted to United by the presence of Ten Hag, who he previously played with at Ajax. Therefore, it’s not a stretch to see a transfer happening at the end of the campaign. Barcelona need a striker and they need cash. And United can offer them both, while any deal for De Jong would likely leave Ten Hag thrilled as he looks to hit the ground running in English football.