The surge in cases has been driven partly by the contagious Omicron BA.2 sub-variant and people mixing more. In recent months all four nations that make up the UK have gradually relaxed their Covid restrictions, with England pursuing the Government’s 'Living with Covid' strategy. But should ministers actually be more cautious in their approach and consider the return of some rules? According to the latest figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) one in every 13 people in the UK has Covid. That represents some 4.9 million cases, up from 4.3 million the week before. In fact, officials from the ONS have said it’s the highest number seen since its survey began at the end of April 2020. Their survey involves testing thousands of people randomly in households across the UK - regardless of whether they have symptoms.  READ MORE: Fears man dead in blast may have bought appliance to 'deal with cold' The figures have consequently led to talks around whether the Government has been too quick to remove its defences against the virus in England. During the past two months, rules which concern mandatory periods of self-isolation and face coverings for indoor settings have been removed and replaced with advice. As of Friday, April 1, the Government has also ditched free lateral flow tests (LFTs) for most members of the public. Professor Denis Kinane, an expert immunologist, told Express.co.uk that he believes “it is important to continue to be cautious as our country learns how to live with Covid”.  He said: “Continuing to wear masks, an element of social distancing and taking a test if you feel unwell are all sensible steps that people can take regardless of what the Government decides to do. “I believe it would be prudent to have some kind of testing at our borders, at a much lower level than in the past, so we can take fast steps if needed. “We also need to recognise that there could be circumstances where new restrictions, including compulsory mask usage and work from home guidance, could be needed. “Covid has sprung some very unpleasant surprises over the past two years that have had devastating impacts and could do so again.”  DON'T MISS: Dog desperate for home after crying for five days at rescue shelter [EXPLAINED]Britons struck down by four illnesses sweeping across UK [INSIGHT]'Revenge!' Brexiteer warns EU thwarting talks to make UK pay 'price' [NEWS] Professor Kinane added that were a new variant to surface again some measures, such as face coverings for indoor settings and compulsory self-isolation periods, may need to return. Indeed, the emergence of Omicron BA.2 as the dominant strain in Britain has raised concerns about a new wave of infections. Preliminary data has suggested that while the sub-variant appears less harmful than other strains it might also cause people to be infectious for more than 10 days - though this has yet to be confirmed. According to Professor Kinane were this to be true it would represent a “concerning” result given that current advice states people can stop self-isolating after five full days if they return negative LFT results on days five and six.  Looking to the future the immunologist admitted he is “concerned” that England is removing “too many restrictions very quickly”. He added: “We have to consider that there will be an emergence of new variants and a potential new wave of infections. “The UK is still recording almost 100,000 daily cases and, with the scrapping of testing at our borders, we are unfortunately not able to speedily identify the entry of new strains. “There is a chance that a further wave will most likely emerge from the southern hemisphere. “It is crucial that we institute a comprehensive testing framework, especially at our borders, to ensure vigilance. “That would enable us to quickly introduce containment measures to combat the virus.” 