Lauren, who documents her home renovation journey on Instagram and TikTok @laurenelizabeth_at home, recently transformed her bathroom with a £250 budget. The DIY fan from West Yorkshire has shared her tips and tricks with Express.co.uk, which included painting tiles, using a grout pen and using lino flooring. She explained: “The bathroom wasn’t to our taste or style and it was something we discussed when going through the process of buying the house that we didn’t know whether to rip it out and start again before moving in. “However, we soon realised we needed a new boiler so realised we would have to live with the bathroom. A few weeks into decorating the house, the rest of the house was looking fresh and modern and the bathroom was the only room that stuck out for being outdated. “This was mostly down to the mosaic tiles that ran all the way around the bathroom, but we knew with paying for a new heating system and that the bathroom functioned perfectly, we didn’t want to spend a fortune doing it, hence why we decided to do it on a tight budget.” Lauren explained that she got the majority of her inspiration from social media sites such as Instagram and Pinterest and creates mood boards. READ MORE: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants She described her style as “neutral” and “minimalistic”. The DIY homeowner added: “I had seen people paint their tiles before but I was dubious as to whether it would last and whether it would make the bathroom look cheap. “It wasn’t until talking to people on Instagram and seeing the amazing results I thought I’d go for it. “I had nothing to lose as the worst case scenario was we would get a new bathroom fitted in like originally planned. DON'T MISS:‘Pruning mistakes’ to avoid this spring - always prune at an angle [COMMENT]What to look out for when viewing houses - check natural light [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share dishwasher tablet tip to clean oven doors [EXPLAINER] “The process of painting the tiles was super easy. I just cleaned the bathroom down to start off with, removing any residue and dust from the tiles. “I filled in any imperfections in the grout and filled any holes from taking down the shower curtain pole with some cheap grout from B&M Bargains and then started painting. “The paint we used was by Rust Oleum and was all surface paint in the shade Portland Stone in a satin finish.” Lauren explained that she used a small brush for getting into the crevices, but wasn’t too bothered about the grout because it needed a refresh. She also used a small foam fuller to paint the surfaces of the tiles, which took her two days to do two coats, allowing plenty of time for it to dry. The homeowner added: “We left the paint to cure on the tiles for a good few days before getting it wet. “We then went over the grout with some white grout pens from Amazon, this was super cheap and easy to do but made a massive difference.” For the flooring, Lauren used lino, which is a durable floor, often used in bathrooms and kitchens. She said: “We are super happy with how it turned out and it was a super cheap fix to do. “The lino was something we knew we were changing straight away so I jumped onto YouTube to learn how to fit my own lino, finding out it was actually super simple. “We sourced the flooring from Online Carpets and it’s the Marilyn 595 Herringbone. Our bathroom already had lino down so it was a simple process of using the original flooring as a template for the new lino and then cutting out and placing onto the floor. “We used spray adhesive round the edges, making sure any air had been pushed out of the lino. I also siliconed around the sink and toilet as well as near the bath to make it waterproof. “Siliconing takes a bit of practice but it’s super cheap to buy. It’s handy to do a couple of practice runs before doing it in your bathroom.” The bathroom renovation took Lauren three days to complete, with a couple of hours work each day to make the progress. She added: “We are super chuffed with the results, especially for the small budget used. We find the bathroom a super calming place now and feel like it matches the rest of the house which we love.” Breakdown of costs: - Paint - £41.56 from Amazon. - Flooring and spray adhesive - £55 from Online Carpets. - Shower screen - £99 from PlumbWorld. - Storage unit - £40 from The Range. - Decor pieces - £20 from a mixture of Amazon and Jysk. - Total: £255.56.