Lawmakers in the Netherlands will review a ruling which cleared a grocery delivery company of infringing upon Max Verstappen's image rights. The Formula 1 star's likeness was used to promote Dutch online supermarket Picnic in an advert released back in 2016. Soon after the Red Bull star appeared in a commercial making deliveries for supermarket chain Jumbo, Picnic released their own version using a lookalike in his place. Verstappen, 24, and his management team were initially successful in claiming damages, only for the Amsterdam court to reject the motion after an appeal. But De Telegraaf reported the case is due to be heard again after it was referred to the Court of Appeal in The Hague. It was previously adjudged that viewers can clearly see the parody version uses a lookalike and not the real Verstappen. However, the Supreme Court has now ruled in the F1 titleholder's favour, deciding the faux Verstappen could be confused for the genuine article "under certain circumstances." It was reported in 2017 that Verstappen was seeking €350,000 (£295,000) in damages from the creators of the Picnic ad. READ MORE Lewis Hamilton vows to 'extract potential' as Mercedes star gives update on car In the parody, the fake Verstappen is seen driving a delivery truck and completing orders. However, the ad makes use of long-range shots and quick cut-aways that are often obscured, never focusing on the lookalike's face for any considerable length of time. The court matter serves as an unwelcome distraction for Verstappen, who is looking to climb the F1 standings at Sunday's Emilia Romagna Grand Prix. The Dutchman sits sixth after three races so far this campaign, winning in Saudi Arabia but failing to finish in Bahrain and Australia. DON'T MISS Max Verstappen given food for thought as Sebastian Vettel comments on Red Bull situation George Russell admits Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes suffering from Red Bull problems Max Verstappen rips into Lewis Hamilton over Chelsea takeover bid on eve of Imola GP   He's just three points below long-time rival, Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton, directly above in fifth. However, a gargantuan 46 points separates him from runaway leader Charles Leclerc, who could be on course to bring Ferrari their first title since 2007. Leclerc is also under pressure due to off-track matters ahead of their trip to Imola having had a £245,000 watch stolen from his wrist in Tuscany. The Monegasque is collaborating with police in an attempt to retrieve the special edition Richard Mille piece but told reporters the process "hasn’t been as smooth" as he would like.