The Portuguese striker, 37, has apologised for his “outburst” after footage seemed to show him hitting the device as he left the pitch following his side’s 1-0 loss at Everton. The mother of fan Jake Harding, 14, has since claimed his hand was bruised, saying Ronaldo knocked the phone from it on Saturday. Merseyside Police have confirmed they are investigating a complaint of assault and are liaising with both Premier League clubs, urging any witnesses to contact them. Following the incident at Everton’s Goodison Park, the United superstar took to social media to ­apologise for his behaviour and invited the teenager to the Old Trafford ground. Ronaldo said: “It’s never easy to deal with emotions in difficult moments such as the one we are facing. Nevertheless, we always have to be respectful, patient and set the example for all the youngsters who love the beautiful game. “I would like to apologise for my outburst and, if possible, I would like to invite this supporter to watch a game at Old Trafford as a sign of fair play and sportsmanship.” Sarah Kelly, who said she is the child’s mother, wrote on social media: “Ronaldo smashed Jake’s phone out of his hand while he was recording him coming off at full-time. I’m shocked that a professional footballer can assault a child like this. These football players are thugs. “He’s a dad himself. How would he feel if this was done to his kid?” Sarah, of Upton, Merseyside, shared pictures showing bruising to Jake’s hand. She added: “You can see by the bruise that he’s made contact. I was crying, I was shook up. Jacob was in complete shock. “He’s autistic and he’s got dyspraxia as well. He’s really upset about it and it’s completely put him off going again. This is the first football game he’s been to, and this has happened.” A police spokesman said: “As players were leaving the pitch at 2.30pm, it was reported that a boy was assaulted by one of the away team as they left the pitch. Anyone with information on this incident is asked to contact Merseyside Police.” A United spokesman said: “The club will co-operate with any police inquiries.”