American actor Robert Morse has died at 90 it has been confirmed. The star, who played the role of Bertram Cooper in the hit series Mad Men, passed away on Wednesday night, his son confirmed. The sad news was also confirmed by the star's friend, writer and producer Larry Karaszewski. He told his 21,000 followers: "My good pal Bobby Morse has passed away at age 90. "A huge talent and a beautiful spirit. "Sending love to his son Charlie & daughter Allyn. READ MORE: Piers Morgan reignites feud with Alex Beresford as he returns to ITV "Had so much fun hanging with Bobby over the years - filming People v OJ & hosting so many screenings (How To Succeed, Loved One, That’s Life)," he ended the tweet.Following the news, fans of the talented star paid tribute to Morse on social media.Twitter user @BlighttownNIMBY wrote: "RIP Robert Morse.'Mr. Campbell... who cares?' was always one of my favorite lines of dialogue from Mad Men, and his absolutely perfect delivery of it is a big part of why." @brianna_ashby commented: "Thank you, Robert Morse, for one of the most poignant scenes in television history," while going on to link the number from the seventh episode of the seventh series. @AndrewNoel73 added: "So gutted to hear Robert Morse has passed away, he was phenomenal in Mad Men." Morse was best known for both his roleS on the Broadway production and the film adaptation of How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying. Born in Newton, Massachusetts, Morse left his hometown for New York to fulfill his childhood ambition of becoming an actor. DON'T MISS...Johnny Depp tells court how Amber Heard issued 'roundhouse punch' [UPDATE]‘Utterly cynical manoeuvre’ John Cleese lashes out at Tories [ANALYSIS]Madonna, 63, flaunts cleavage in sheer top as she does the SPLITS [INSIGHT] He went on to receive his first acting job which was an uncredited role in Proud and Profane, starring Hollywood icons William Holden and Deborah Kerr. But it was his role as Barnaby Tucker in the Broadway production of Thornton Wilder's The Matchmaker that launched his career. On TV, Morse starred in well known series' such as Murder, She Wrote and The Twilight Zone. His last TV credit was for the role of Terry Sales on the comedy show, Corporate. He and his Mad Men cast also won a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Ensemble in a Drama Series in 2011. His Broadway role inHow to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying landed him his first Tony Award. He gained his second for playing Truman Capote in the 1989 production of one-man play, Tru. Morse was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame in 1999 in recognition of his long career on stage.