Approximately 80 percent of British households are due a £150 Government payout this month. There are steps people can take to ensure they don't miss out and receive their payment sooner rather than later. Some 20 million Britons are due a £150 council tax rebate this month which will be paid to households in bands A to D. Most Britons will be paid automatically, however anyone who doesn’t have a direct debit already set up could face delays. People still have time to set up a direct debit before April 30 which is when the payment should be made. Anyone who does not pay their council tax by direct debit will be sent a letter with instructions on how they can claim. READ MORE: Attendance Allowance to be replaced with new DWP benefit It has received reports from people who are being cold called by fraudsters asking them to share their bank details to claim the £150 rebate. Councils would never cold call someone to ask for their bank details over the phone. Councillor Mohan Iyengar, vice-Chair of the LGA’s Safer and Stronger Communities Board warned: “Councils are working hard to ensure eligible residents receive their energy rebate payments as soon as possible. “However, criminals are becoming increasingly sophisticated in their attempts to take advantage of the financial worries people are facing and as a result many of these scams look legitimate on first impression.” DON'T MISS:Is it cheaper to heat one room with an electric heater? [ANLAYSIS]Housing Benefit rule stopping Britons from receiving full entitlement [UPDATE]Pension tax warning: Savers hit with 55% charge on their pension pots [WARNING] Although people who don’t pay by direct debit will still be entitled to the rebate from the Government, setting one up will make the process much easier and quicker. This council tax rebate will not have to be paid back, Chancellor Rishi Sunak confirmed last year. However, a council tax scam is doing the rounds which people need to be aware of. The Local Government Association (LGA) warned Britons fraudsters are taking advantage of the council tax rebate. He continued: “Anyone can fall victim to a scam, and we urge people of all ages to brush up on the tell-tale signs, and the support available to those who need it. “If you get sent a message that you believe to be fraudulent, you can report it to your mobile phone provider or by forwarding the message to 7726, a free reporting service provided by phone operators.” Meanwhile, Britons who don’t live in band A to D properties have not been promised a council tax refund. However, they should get in touch with their local authority if they are in financial difficulty. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In March, Mr Sunak doubled the Household Support Fund to £1 billion to support families with the cost of living. Each council has a Household Support Fund to help its residents. If they can prove their struggling they might be able to claim some of this money. Each local authority sets its own rules so it’s impossible to say who will qualify.