Electric vehicles are getting increasingly popular every year. The plug-in car sales exceeded 2.27 million in 2021, and as petrol costs remain high, many more people might be thinking about making the switch from a petrol vehicle. However, British motorists “could be worse off” by switching to an electric vehicle despite the seemingly obvious incentives. A new survey carried out by money.co.uk found that switching to an electric car will cost British drivers an extra £720 in the first year despite the costs of petrol reaching a record high. The data also revealed that the UK is at the bottom of the European League when it comes to delivering the financial benefits of going electric. The comparison site calculated the average price of buying a new car plus the cost of 10,000 miles of travel. READ MORE: How much your car tax has gone up The findings showed that a British motorist would spend an average of £27,487 on an electric vehicle and £26,767 on a traditional car – costing 2.69 percent. Denmark turned out to be the best country for making the switch from a petrol vehicle to an EV. Danish drivers save more than £22,000 within 12 months of buying an electric vehicle over petrol. Danes would spend £21,938 on an EV plus travel costs compared to £43,975 for a petrol driven car, a saving of more than 50 percent. DON'T MISS Tesla Supercharger network may allow EVs to charge 'within weeks' [REVEAL]Drivers say they cannot afford switch to EVs amid petrol ban [INSIGHT]Britons may need to buy electric cars as fears of fuel rationing rise [SHOCKING] A litre of unleaded in Denmark costs £1.85. Germans, on the other hand, are £693 worse off by going plug-in though the percentage difference is higher than the UK’s at 2.77 percent. James Andrews, a spokesperson for money.co.uk, said: “Denmark leads the way. You could buy and run two electric cars for a year for the same cost as a petrol VW Golf. “But in Britain charge point rollout is slow and EVs are also still more expensive than their petrol equivalents.” He added: "If you aren’t sure if you can commit to a 100 percent electric vehicle yet, hybrid vehicles could bridge the gap while the infrastructure and technology develop further. “You don’t need to solely rely on charging points and hybrids still emit less pollution than conventional petrol cars." Mr Andrews also pointed out that access to rapid chargers is still harder than finding a petrol station. The expert warned that motorists thinking about buying an electric vehicle should make sure that they have public charging points available nearby before they commit. On top of that, a Government grant for EVs has been cut from £5,000 to £1,500, and the £350 to go towards the installation of a home charger is no longer available to drivers. With that in mind, SMMT boss Mike Hawes said: “There’s a long way to go to reach net zero. ”Around one in 100 vehicles on the road is a plug-in. The Government’s ambition is that by 2030 we need to get that to one in three.” Net Zero minister Jo Churchill said: “Phasing out the sale of new petrol and diesel cars and vans by 2035 will reduce greenhouse gas emissions faster.”