The energy price cap adjustment will add another £593 to people's bills starting in 2022 as firms bid to avoid the fate others met last year. More than 20 folded during an energy crisis, and those remaining will need to rely on consumers to stay afloat. Some customers may have to choose between heating and eating if they can't afford the costs, and British Gas service and repair engineer Joanna Flowers has revealed how to work on efficiency and reduce costs. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Ms Flowers said that energy efficiency isn't typically a high priority for people in spring and summer. But, she said, with a rising cost of living, "looking at how efficient your boiler is, is a great place to start". She added: “Nearly all modern gas boilers get an A energy rating, which means they’re highly efficient." Ultimately, overall efficiency "depends on its age and the model", and Ms Flowers provided four tips to reach optimal performance. READ MORE: Plentiful and affordable energy within our reach - EXPRESS COMMENT Ms Flowers said boiler set-up could make a bill difference, so people should start by looking at their settings. She said: "A boiler's flow rate shows how much hot water it will be able to send to your taps in one minute. "By setting the flow rate for the hot water to somewhere between 50C to 60C, you can ensure you only heat the hot water you need. "When it’s not as cold outside and you don’t need the house to warm up as quickly, you could also reduce the flow rate for heating to this temperature." The next step is ensuring that boilers stay in top shape and don't break down, warranting pricey repairs. Ms Flowers said: "Your boiler is essential to keeping the household going, so it’s well worth looking after. "Getting your boiler serviced once a year and nipping any small problems in the bud will reduce the chances of your system breaking down at some point, which can result in far more costly repairs or replacements. "And remember, a system that’s in good shape won’t use more energy than it needs."  While most boilers come with a cover for exposed parts, dust can get inside. Cleaning that away "pays dividends in the long run", Ms Flowers said, adding that people will "prevent its tubes and pipes from getting clogged up, which can hamper its performance and cause higher heating bills". She added: "To prevent dust settling on your boiler, give its outer housing a once-over whenever you clean the house. "The interior can be taken care of during servicing – never attempt to do that bit yourself. Cleaning the outsides of your pipes and radiators is a good idea, too." The last item on Ms Flowers' list is checking pressure - something people should be doing regularly. She explained: "A pressure drop will really hinder your boiler’s efficiency but it’s easy to correct. "Check the gauge on your boiler. It should read around 1.5 bar if the pressure is healthy." She added: "If it doesn’t, it’s time to tweak it."