The Ukraine-Russia war has shed light on the European Union’s flaws and energy dependence on Russia, as the bloc is still incapable of imposing further sanctions on Russia amid the risk of skyrocketing energy prices and ultimately, an economic recession. Nationalist French candidate Marine Le Pen has been a vocal critic of the EU and accused Brussels of contributing to the rise in energy prices, of “being increasingly intrusive and authoritarian” and of defending a “globalist and anti-frontier ideology”. The far-right leader slammed the EU on radio station France Inter as out of touch with the interest of member states and the French people. She told France Inter: “I think that a large majority of French people no longer want the European Union as it exists today. “A European Union which functions in an absolutely anti-democratic way, which advances by threat, which advances by blackmail. “And which implements policies that go against the interests of the people and the vital interests, in particular of our economies.” Taking aim at the EU’s agricultural policy, she specifically targeted the ‘Fork to Farm’ programme whose strategy is to achieve zero carbon emissions by 2050. Under the scheme, EU farmers are rewarded with subsidies if they reduce their use of chemical pesticides.  The programme’s goals are to promote sustainable agriculture and guarantee food security. To Ms Le Pen, Fork to Farm exacerbates the “upcoming” food crisis. She continued: “The aim is to reduce European agricultural production by ten to twenty percent. “We say to ourselves, with the food crisis that's coming, with the inflation crisis on food products, with the Maghreb countries that are probably going to have food riots because the situation is as it is. “You think that maybe the European Union will change its mind. Well, no, they continue to want to impose this system.” READ MORE: Queen and Harry to go head to head as Monarch gives green light to new details in book   In an open letter to the EU, civil society organisations pointed fingers at conservative policymakers for trying to slow down the Farm to Fork Strategy and called on EU leaders for renewed attention to the food crisis, as the Ukraine invasion threatens the bloc’s food security. Ukraine is known for growing crucial food staples like wheat, sunflower, and oats. According to Ukraine’s customs service, Ukraine exported agricultural food worth about $28 billion in 2021. DON'T MISS: Putin in peril as Russian economy faces default over £495m black hole – Kremlin furious [ANALYSIS]M25 traffic latest: Drivers trapped in rush hour gridlock after lorry fire - huge queues [BREAKING]Brexit LIVE: Britain carved up! EU rules may replace UK law in 'extremely concerning' blow [LIVE] Though Ms Le Pen acknowledged the EU plays an important role, she said new policies “cannot be done against the will of the European people.” In 2017, she promised France's complete withdrawal from the EU. She has tried to soften her image to become more likable to French voters. Marine Le Pen's election as the head of France would be a source of concern for the EU, as France would then no longer be a reliable partner in the war against Putin's invasion of Ukraine. She will face off against incumbent Emmanuel Macron in the second round of the French presidential elections on April 24, 2022.