Manchester United legend Paul Scholes netted a stunning strike against Barcelona on this day back in 2008. The midfielder’s goal was enough to give his side a 1-0 win at Old Trafford. And it also ensured his side reached the Champions League final, where they’d go on to beat Chelsea. Old Trafford was electric on this day 14 years ago. The crowd rose as one before the game to try and get United over the line and into a first Champions League final since 1999. The tie was in the balance after a 0-0 draw at the Nou Camp, with Cristiano Ronaldo spurning the chance to give United a first-led lead from the penalty spot. With the stage set, Scholes then produced arguably his most iconic moment in a United shirt. Fuelled on by the pain of missing the 1999 final through suspension, the England international scored a stunning goal from the edge of the box. In the immediate aftermath, Scholes’ team-mates ran to try and celebrate with him. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings But the midfielder ignored most of them before jumping into the open arms of a jubilant Rio Ferdinand. United had to dig deep to emerge victorious. Ronaldo and Nani both missed key chances as well as Carlos Tevez, who was given the job of leading the line that evening. Barcelona besieged the Red Devils’ goal, forcing Edwin van der Sar into action as they looked for a last-minute twist. But United held firm to reach the final, with the Red Devils then proceeding to beat Chelsea. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Scholes played during that match in Moscow. And United won on penalties after a 1-1 draw after Ronaldo and Frank Lampard’s goals had cancelled each other out. After the game, Sir Alex Ferguson hailed Scholes and said the United legend was ‘one of the great players’. "He's one of the great players to come through the ranks here," said Ferguson. "But I'm so pleased for everyone. It's a great feeling, marvellous. This club deserves to be in the final." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The Scot also said: “It's not easy to beat Barca because they play fantastic football but several things won us the game. "The concentration at the back, we protected the space really well and with our play up front, we could have scored three or four goals. "I think we were too nervous in the first half but in the second half we played with much more conviction. "Towards the end of the game, they had a go and we're very glad we got through that spell in the last 15 minutes. “It was a bit of a 'hang-on job' but they didn't really make any chances and that's down to our defence." And Barcelona boss at the time Frank Rijkaard bemoaned his side’s failure to score. "We did everything but score," he said. "It was a very even game, if anything we had the better of the play. But the rules are that the team that scores goes through and they did that. "It is a tough defeat to take and it is hard to stomach. The Champions League is very important and it is over for us now. “But after this game can walk away with our heads held high."