Ten Percent is a highly-anticipated comedy-drama featuring some huge names. The eight-episode TV series will air exclusively on Amazon Prime Video in the UK and Sundance Now and AMC+ in the US. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the release date, cast, trailer and more. Back in February 2022, some first-look images revealing the A-list cast were revealed. At the end of March, an official trailer and release date were announced for the star-studded British comedy. Ten Percent will launch on April 28, with all eight episodes available exclusively that day on Prime Video in the UK. Sundance Now and AMC+ will premiere the first two episodes on April 29 in the US, with the rest of the season following weekly. READ MORE: Ten Percent trailer: Fans go wild for The Crown and Bridgerton cameos Leading the cast is The Crown star Emma Corrin, Don't Look Up actor Himesh Patel, Supergirl's David Harewood and Tenet actress Clemence Poesy. A whole host of celebrity cameos include Helena Bonham Carter, Olivia Williams, David Oyelowo, Jessica Oyelowo, Dominic West, Phoebe Dynevor and Kelly MacDonald. Rounding off the cast are The Morning Show's Jack Davenport, Gentleman Jack's Lydia Leonard, Chewing Gum's Maggie Steed and Doctor Foster's Prasanna Puwanarajah. Viewers will also see Killing Eve star Hiftu Quasem, Black Mirror's Fola Evans-Akingbola, The Crown's Rebecca Humphries, The King's Harry Trevaldwyn and Jim Broadbent. Yes, at the end of March 2022 Prime Video released an official teaser video for the upcoming series. The series is set at a talent agency and any famous face could turn up unannounced. Helena Bonham Carter is seen looking worried as she holds a bouquet of flowers at the reception desk. She warns: "It is obvious, clearly we have both been offered the same part. Somehow. It's not the first time." Emma Corrin is also heard sharing how reporters are obsessed with an alleged "affair" she is involved in. The celebs find themselves in all sorts of trouble as the season progresses. DON'T MISS... The Crown: Helena Bonham Carter replacement speaks out on TV role [INSIGHT] Bridgerton's Daphne star Phoebe Dynevor lands new role [DISCUSSION] ‘Not a good look’ Jim Broadbent on real reason he turned down OBE [INTERVIEW] The series was inspired by the French comedy Call My Agent! and it is set at the London talent agency, Nightingale Hart. The agency is struggling to adapt to the ever-changing cut-throat industry. Following a tragedy, the personal and professional lives of both the agents and assistants are turned upside down. Yet they cannot forget about their celebrity clients who are coming to them with all sorts of issues. They are facing everything from marital problems to overcoming stage fright. The agents find themselves juggling their own personal affairs as well as those of their clients. Call My Agent! is set at a Paris talent firm, A.S.K, and it sees the agents struggle to keep their A-list clients happy. The French series was expected to end after its fourth season in 2020, but it was announced the show would return with a feature-length TV film, as well as a fifth outing.  Ten Percent arrives on Amazon Prime Video on April 28, with all eight episodes arriving at once.