BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker, who is on the brink of leaving the sofa for new opportunities after signing a contract with Channel 5, had earnt just £295,000 in the past year, according to an annual update made by officials at the BBC. The former Strictly star's new salary is expected to dwarf his previous one at a reported £1.5 million, but he nevertheless told viewers of his breakfast show: “I’ve never ever been motivated by money in any job that I’ve ever taken". Dan had previously joked on Twitter that he would be leaving his lucrative BBC job with "immediate effect" if it meant he could start a new career filming plane landings during the excitement of Storm Eunice. Now the 45-year-old will be hosting the 5:00pm news on Channel 5 four evenings a week, putting an abrupt end to the 4:30am starts he was previously accustomed to. He is also believed to have plans in the works for presenting six hours per year of primetime shows. One source has suggested the absence of primetime TV work was a key issue for Dan and another reason that he was keen to leave the BBC behind. READ NOW: Geri Horner ‘skips Brooklyn Beckham's wedding' to join F1 husband “He’d made it pretty clear he wanted to front prime-time evening shows on the BBC for quite some time," the source stated. "He went to them to discuss his future after getting the offer from Channel 5 in the hope that they’d give him what he wanted to keep him on the breakfast show. “But they refused and were left raging.” In quotes published in The Sun, the source added: “The details have yet to be finalised but could include a quiz show or a programme in the style of Susan Calman’s Grand Days Out.”  "I know what it's like to move from the BBC Breakfast sofa to the Channel 5 news show. "I absolutely loved it - and I think you will too!" She punctuated her point by smilingly telling the 45-year-old to "have fun". Dan quickly saw her shout-out and replied appreciatively: "Thanks Doc!" The ex-Strictly star had posted on his own Twitter account, in view of a follower list that is rapidly approaching 800,000, that he had quit after Channel 5 had announced "big ambitions" for him, and that he hoped not to close the door on working for the BBC. Telling viewers that he would try his best to "maintain [Sian's] incredibly high standards", he explained: "Channel 5 came along with big ambitions, big plans - and I don't think opportunities like this come around very often in TV. "I should also say hopefully it's not goodbye to the BBC. "I've had the privilege of working with some incredible people on iconic programmes over the years, shows like Football Focus, like Match Of The Day, quiz shows, World Cups, Olympic Games - shows I could only dream of being involved in when I was a kid."