Having won a fourth consecutive election, Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban is expected to double down on his opposition to energy sanctions on Russia, which he argues would inflict great economic damage over the country he is responsible for. This would see him clash further with Brussels leaders and has already beckoned calls for Hungary to be thrown out of the bloc. Matt Frei, a presenter at Channel 4 News, fumed: “It is absurd that we have Hungary in the EU, even though the just re-elected Orban mocks Brussles and Zelensky in his victory speech, while Ukraine’s membership is left at the door for now.” Former Irish Ambassador to the bloc Bobby McDonagh added: “EU now has no choice but to find a way of suspending Hungary’s EU membership.” Express.co.uk readers have mocked this squabbling and highlighted their delight Britain is now longer involved. Cynical66 wrote: “What a bunch of hypocrites! It's alright for Germany to refuse to cut its Russian gas supplies and for Macron to refuse to stop French companies from trading with Russia, yet Hungry is criminalised for doing the same? “The EU is about as united as a sack of ferrets! By God, but I'm glad we left this den of thieves!” Kevin Wardle also dug into the EU as “hypocritical”, asking: “Who is the undemocratic ones here? “It is clearly the EU. They want to punish Britain for having a democratic referendum vote and leaving the EU, now they want to punish Hungary for having a democratic vote and electing a government they don't like.” ColinKnight added: “The irony of an anti-democratic, authoritarian EU accusing a member of being authoritarian and not democratic is beyond surreal. READ MORE: Calls for Hungary to be stripped of EU seat mount as Orban wins vote “What the EU is really upset about is members objecting to the incremental transfer of sovereignty (power) away from members and to the central control of the EU.” AdrianG jibed it was “lovely to see the Hungarians sticking two fingers up to Brussels”. Beau suggested the whole affair acted as an illustration of the “dysfunction and disharmony of the EU”. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] For Narsil, booting Hungary out of the bloc would be a big mistake so far as Brussels is concerned, and could act as the final straw for other member states already critical of the bloc’s leadership. They wrote: “They can't punish Hungary. If they do he will walk away and that signals the beginning of the end.” This, they added, could also see French President Emmanuel Macron lose to Marine Le Pen in the upcoming French elections. The outcome would, however, be more positive for Hungary, according to some. Posed with the notion of the country being booted out of the bloc, JPlat joked: “Hungary should be so lucky.” Alan Webster added: “If only they had kicked us out, it would have saved us a lot of money.”