Helmut Marko has insisted that Red Bull's car is 'way too heavy' to keep up with the likes of Ferrari after Sergio Perez and Max Verstappen were beaten to the chequered flag by Charles Leclerc at the Australian Grand Prix. The Monegasque driver was utterly dominant from the word go and experienced little difficulty in keeping Verstappen at arm's length before the latter was ultimately forced to retire with a mechanical issue. Perez managed to claim second place in the absence of his Red Bull team-mate but failed to lay a glove on Leclerc, who clinched his second Grand Prix victory of the new season by over 20 seconds. Marko has since admitted that Red Bull will need to find a way to remove extra weight from their RB18 challenger in order to boost Verstappen's fading Drivers' Championship title hopes over the coming weeks."Our car is way too heavy," Marko told De Telegraaf. "The RB18 finished late, as we were in the title race right through to the end last year."Updates are coming for the upcoming race at Imola and the Grand Prix after. Hopefully we can get closer to Ferrari then. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton has Ferrari wish as Mercedes ace left baffled by rivals "We are currently more than ten kilograms heavier than Ferrari. In terms of lap time you are already talking about a loss of three-tenths [of a second]."Red Bull have also suffered from a number of reliability issues since the beginning of the new season, with Verstappen and Perez having retired on a combined three occasions due to engine problems over the last three Grands Prix. The former insisted after Sunday's race in Melbourne that he will not be able to focus on defending his Drivers' Championship title unless Red Bull manage to put things right in the near future. "We're already miles behind, so I don't even want to think about the championship fight at the moment, it's more important to finish races," the Dutchman told Sky Sports F1."Today was generally just a bad day and not really having the pace, I was just managing my tyres to try to bring it to the end because it looked like quite an easy P2."There was no point trying to fight Charles because I couldn't put pressure on him. But we didn't even finish the race, which is pretty frustrating and unacceptable." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE