Talking to Lorraine Kelly, the comedian admitted the marriage no longer "made sense" as he discussed the build-up to the divorce. The couple, who were together for 13 years, announced in January they would officially be ending their marriage. The 45-year-old told Lorraine the two were "still friends" and they went through "so much together".  On the ITV show, Alan told viewers: "Oh me and Paul, 14 years-" "That's a long time," Lorraine commented while Alan joked: "Which in gay years, is 207 years!" Chuckling, the presenter agreed: "Yes, it is." Later, the comedian explained the factors that drove the separation. "I wrote the tour and then our marriage broke down during Covid, because it was so stressful, everything. READ MORE: Louis Theroux ex-wife: Star’s ‘marriage of convenience’ in New York "And then I was going on stage and I was just like, 'Well this doesn't make sense, this doesn't make sense.' "So we're divorced now, he's excited about the future, I'm excited about the future. "We're still always going to be friends because we've been through so much together." "Of course," Lorraine remarked. It comes as a spokesperson for the star announced the couple would be separating in a "joint and amicable" decision earlier this year. The pair had married in 2018, and shortly after the news of the split, Paul announced he was in rehab for alcoholism. The official announcement for the pair explained:  "After 13 years as a couple and three years of marriage, Alan Carr and Paul Drayton would like to announce they are separating. "They have jointly and amicably made the difficult decision to divorce and go their separate ways. "We request that their privacy is respected at this sensitive time." DON'T MISS... Dan Walker leaves Sally Nugent cringing with cheeky dig [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent admits she can 'see change' in Louise [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes blasts Prince Andrew over title debate [VIDEO] Taking to Instagram, Paul shared his own message with fans and explained he had checked himself into rehab. He stated: "It is with great sadness that I share the news that Alan and I have jointly decided to end our marriage. "This decision has been very difficult for us both and we part ways with great memories and continued love and friendship for each other as we go our separate ways." The message went on: "As part of my own journey, I proactively checked myself into a rehabilitation facility at the turn of the new year in order to get the help and support I need during this challenging time.' "This was not an easy step to take, but I know it is the right one going forward. These last couple of years have been challenging to say the least, as they have been for so many others. "But I remain deeply committed to my journey of sobriety and strength. "We ask for privacy during this challenging time, but I thank you all for your kindness and support. Peace and love." Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.