In February 2018, Prince William and Kate took to the stage, along with Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, at the Royal Foundation Forum in central London. During the interview, the once nicknamed 'Fab Four' were asked whether they have "disagreements" as they "work together", to which Prince William laughed. The royal editor at Vanity Fair Katie Nicholl told Channel 5’s new documentary ‘Funniest Royal Cock-ups’ that William’s “awkward laugh” during a joint interview hinted that there were tensions behind the scenes. Royally US hosts, Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross, discussed Katie's comments on their latest episode. Ms Garibaldi said: "Katie Nicholl, who is royal editor at Vanity Fair, said that Prince William's awkward laugh as the foursome were quizzed on the reported fallout was a key indicator that something was definitely wrong". Quoting from Ms Nicholl, the host said: ""William's slightly awkward laugh gives it all away" "Of course, knowing what we know now about what, at the time, was really going on behind the scenes, this is no family banter". She continues: "They are sort of digging at each other. There was a major family fued". Ms Garibaldi adds: "This was way back in the day with the four of the gathered to talk about, I believe, was mental health" "They were all going to be at this charity together". READ MORE: What happened to 'just Harry'!? Royal fans left fuming at Meghan's introduction After showing the clip, Ms Garibaldi said: "If you really look into it, I guess, you could maybe see hints of tension between the four of them". Co-host Ms Ross said: "I remember this event and at the time we were all excited to see the four of them together". However, she adds: "You know, you go back and look at it and you're like oh, you can sort of see like awkwardness and tension that maybe we didn't notice at the time" "But looking back, you can see those signs." In the past interview, the 'Fab Four' discussed the programs they run that are close to their hearts - from the Invictus Games to Head't Together. The inteview took place a few months prior to Meghan and Harry's wedding and was the first official joint outing for all four of them. READ MORE: Meghan hugs Invictus Games' team before shooting off on a golf buggy 'Happy Easter!' Two years later, the tensions reached a head when the Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced that they were stepping down as senior working royals. The pair appeared in a bombshell televised interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021. The couple said that they had struggled during their time as working royals and felt unsupported by the Firm. They made a string of allegations against the Firm, some regarding racism and mental health. In the interview, Meghan discussed that an unnamed member of the Royal Family had expressed "concern" over their son Archie's potential skin tone. Rumours of a rift between the "once-close" brothers have been circling for years, but they have grown since the Oprah interview aired. In the interview, Harry said there was "space" between himself and his brother. Since their exit from the Royal Family, Harry and Meghan currently reside in the US with their two children, two-year-old Archie and Lilibet, who will turn one in June.