Among the standard bank holiday dates the UK annually celebrates throughout the year, 2022 marks the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, which has granted Brits an additional four-day bank holiday weekend in June. There are traditionally eight public holidays in England and Wales, and Northern Ireland and Scotland get to celebrate a few additional dates in their calendars. The UK has already seen four bank holiday days so far; New Year’s Day on January 3, Good Friday on April 15, and Easter Monday, April 18. That would usually leave five fixed holiday dates left to celebrate in the year, but with the additional date for the Queen’s Jubilee, six are now left for England and Wales, eight for Scotland, and seven for Northern Ireland. As Covid rules relax and events are booked in, 2022 already looks to be busier for many, and it might seem hard to make annual leave days stretch to cover it all. However, there are ways to maximise these bank holidays to double your time off - yes, you heard that right.  READ MORE: May Bank Holiday onslaught to bring snow and -7C 'Arctic' freeze  Here are a few tips to help you get the most out of your annual leave by booking your days off wisely. England and Wales have six bank holidays left of the year to celebrate, including:  Scotland has the following additional dates: And Northern Ireland has an additional bank holiday to celebrate the Anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne on Tuesday, July 12. There are a number of ways to book more time off using fewer days - here are three holidays to do this with. Extend the Spring bank holiday and the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee to nine days for the price of three by booking off Monday 30 May to Wednesday 1 June. DON'T MISS: Pub opening hours to be EXTENDED to cover Queen's Platinum Jubilee [INSIGHT]Prince Charles tipped to take centre stage during key Jubilee event [ANALYSIS]What is a Platinum Jubilee? Inside long royal tradition [EXPLAINED]     To maximise your time off over the August bank holiday, use four annual leave days to gain nine days off. To do this, book off Tuesday 30 August to Friday 2 September. Including the weekend of the August summer bank holiday and the following weekend bookending the week, you’ll accumulate nine days. If you have additional days off to use, book Monday, August 22, to Friday, August 26 off to give yourself 16 days off while only using nine annual leave dates.  To make the most of the festive break, you can use just three annual leave days to get 11 days off in total. To do this, simply book off December 28, 29, and 30. Christmas takes place on a Sunday this year, so the bank holiday date will transfer to Tuesday 27. Depending on your job you’ll most likely have Boxing Day off, as well as January 2 (another substitute holiday as New Year’s Day will also fall on a Sunday), meaning you can kick off the new year with a nice half-week to ease yourself in. 