Lewis Hamilton is reportedly set to meet NFL superstar Tom Brady next week following his nightmare weekend at the Imola Grand Prix. Brady, who is regarded by many as the greatest NFL player of all time, has been invited to the Miami Grand Prix as a guest of Mercedes sponsor International Watch Company. Hamilton has endured a miserable start to the new season and has been well off the pace in the opening four races. And on Sunday, he could only muster a 13th-place finish as he failed to threaten his rivals at the front of the grid. That result came despite the fact his Silver Arrows team-mate George Russell manged to finish in fourth place while driving an identical car. And Hamilton’s F1 dominance appears to be a thing of the past. According to The Sun, the Briton will be seeking some career advice when he meets Brady. Hamilton had been tipped to retire from F1 following a controversial end to last season but ultimately decided to return to the track this time around. If his performances don’t improve quickly, however, he could finally be ready to call it a day once and for all. MUST READ: Lewis Hamilton 'doesn't want George Russell in front ever again'  Brady himself announced his retirement from American football at the end of last season. But the 44-year quarterback made a surprise U-turn just weeks later as he ultimately decided it was too early to bring the curtain down on his illustrious career. And Hamilton could bend Brady’s ear about how he should play things. Hamilton has a myriad of interests away from racing and will now surely have one eye on his future away from F1. Just last week, it was revealed the 37-year-old was stumping up around £10million to support former Liverpool chairman Sir Martin Broughton’s bid to buy Chelsea. And if he doesn’t think he can win another F1 title, he may feel the time is right to call it quits on the track. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen wins Imola GP as Lewis Hamilton endures fresh nightmareFerrari boss Mattia Binotto ‘doesn’t know’ why Mercedes are strugglingHow Schumacher credited Lewis Hamilton for life-changing moment    Following Sunday’s disappointment, Hamilton admitted he was out of the title race just four races into the season. “A weekend to forget, that's for sure,” Hamilton said. “I'm out of it, for sure. There's no question about that - but I'll still keep working as hard as I can to try and somehow pull it back together somehow. But the veteran insisted he wouldn’t turn his back on F1 at this stage. “There is nowhere else I want to be,” he added. “Just because we have hit a rough patch, it is not in my DNA to back out. We can fix this. It is going to be a painful year that we are going to have to ride out together.” 