Manchester United technical director Darren Fletcher has reportedly 'had a go' at a fan before the supporter in question was escorted from Old Trafford in the Red Devils' Premier League fixture against Leicester City on Saturday. United took on Brendan Rodgers' men in a crunch clash in the Premier League on Saturday evening, with a win almost certain to be imperative to their Champions League qualification hopes. A dour first-half left fans anxious over whether they would be able to take home all three points, and tensions were growing around the Theatre of Dreams with just 45 minutes of football left to grab a much-needed victory. Things boiled over midway into the second period after Fletcher exchanged verbals with a supporter. The fan in question was then kicked out of the ground, with fans applauding the decision, according to the MEN. It is the latest instalment in a series of comedic antics at Old Trafford with the club looking less and less likely to qualify for Europe's most prestigious competition. JUST IN: Roma 'learn Man Utd already have Boubacar Kamara transfer agreement'  Fletcher became technical director in March 2021 after he joined United's coaching staff in October 2020. The Scot enjoyed a 20-year career at Old Trafford, having joined as an 11 year old in 1995. And he detailed what role he will have in his aim to bring United back to their best after a number of trophyless seasons. Speaking at a fans forum, Fletcher said: "With Ralf and his staff coming in, and Michael [Carrick] and Kieran [McKenna] choosing to move on, we had a quick transition process, so part of my role has been to assist with that, both on the training pitch and during games. “I guess that’s been the most visible part for me this season, but that’s really an addition to my overall Technical Director role. It’s been a brilliant experience since I took on the role, the combination of long-term planning and contributing to our strategic goals, with the opportunity to still be close to the team and management.” And director of football John Murtough added: “Darren’s role since starting his job has been invaluable on many levels, bringing his football experience to bear on a range of areas.” DON'T MISS  United drew 1-1 to the Foxes, leaving them three points behind Arsenal and having played two games more. Their next fixture is against relegation-threatened Everton at Goodison Park on April 9. And Ralf Rangnick's men know they will have to prevail with victory if they are to stand any chance of a top-four finish.