Antiques Roadshow returned to Aston Hall in Birmingham for the most recent instalment of the BBC show’s 44th series. One guest brought in an opal and diamond necklace and expert Geoffrey Munn was thrilled to evaluate the stunning piece. However, he left the owners of the item stunned when he revealed it was worth £8,000. Geoffrey began: “When I see a box like this, it's a bit like a picture frame to me because it tells me what I hope to see within. “It dates from about 1900 and in a way it's almost a miracle in its own right. “But we hope to see a miracle within, don’t we? And we're not wrong, isn’t that marvellous an opal and diamond necklace. And so how does it come to you?” “It was my great Auntie Kathleen's who lived in Harrogate,” the guest replied. Read more: 'Breaks my heart' Antiques Roadshow expert spots fracture on £8k box Geoffrey began: “When I see a box like this, it's a bit like a picture frame to me because it tells me what I hope to see within. “It dates from about 1900 and in a way it's almost a miracle in its own right. “But we hope to see a miracle within, don’t we? And we're not wrong, isn’t that marvellous an opal and diamond necklace. And so how does it come to you?” “It was my great Auntie Kathleen's who lived in Harrogate,” the guest replied. “She was somebody who collected antiques whenever she had any spare change she’s buy some antiques. “My mother inherited it and then I subsequently inherited it from my mother.” The antique expert described the necklace as an “utterly beautiful” piece of jewellery. Geoffrey continued: “Opals are completely magical stones. These are not pigments. “What they're doing in the sunlight here is that there refracting the white light into a spectrum and that's done by the internal structure of the opal. “And in a sense, the true colour of these opals is not what you see, you're seeing the internal structure breaking down the light. “So their miracles of natural science really, they're very beautiful and mounted in gold. “And just to fix the eye on this necklace when it's in wear, tiny diamonds just firing off in the half-light of the evening, in which this is worn.” DON'T MISSAntiques Roadshow expert uncovers rare £5 note from Second World War [INSIGHT]Antiques Road guests staggered as £200 is worth thousands of pounds  [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait [INSIGHT] “My daughter's getting married in October, she wants to wear it to the wedding,” the guest explained. Geoffrey noted: “She will be able to go as a bride wearing this and that will be absolutely stunning, won't it? “Marvellous thing. So everything about this presentation, this wonderful box and the way the jewellery has been made, the handwriting on it tells me that it's an English piece made in about 1900 and we see retailed here in Leeds but possibly made in the Birmingham Jewellery Quarter, but 1900 for sure.” The expert revealed it was an item that would be desirable for collectors. “People want these things and value is a measure of want,” Geoffrey revealed. “It's certainly not an exact science, but I don't hesitate at all in telling you that this necklace is worth £8,000 today.” “Very nice,” the owner’s wife remarked as the couple looked on in awe. Antiques Roadshow continues on BBC One on Sunday at 8pm.