Over 50 Crown Courts have delays of over three years, while 18 have delays of over four years, new figures revealed yesterday. Experts yesterday warned rape victims, “more so than any other crime type”, are confronted with endless delays. In total, 1,126 alleged rapists were tried last year. Victims nationally waited, on average, 1,068 days - almost three years. But some parts of the country faced even longer waits for justice. Victims whose trials were listed in Canterbury, Croydon, Derby, Exeter, Gloucester, Grimsby, Lincoln, Manchester Minshull Street, Norwich, Plymouth, Southwark, Stafford, Swansea, Taunton, Teeside, Truro and Winchester all faced average delays of over four years. And 37 Crown Courts across the UK, including those in Liverpool, Newcastle, Norwich, Nottingham, Bournemouth, St Albans and Stafford faced average delays of three years. On a regional level, courts in the North East and the Midlands faced the longest periods between an offence being committed and the conclusion of the court case. The shocking analysis heaps fresh pressure on ministers to reverse historically low conviction rates despite record numbers of victims coming forward to say they have been attacked. Labour said it is “further proof” criminals are being let off and victims are being let down in every region of the UK. Victims’ Commissioner Dame Vera Baird QC, said: “More so than any other crime type, rape victims are confronted with endless, endemic delay. These latest figures are appalling and will only compound an already dire situation for rape victims in our justice system. “We know court delays exert tremendous tolls on victims, with their lives effectively put on hold as they await their time in court. These delays will severely test victims’ resolve and we cannot be surprised if increasing numbers decide they are unable to stay the course. “We must ensure victims have the right support, to persevere and to see justice.  Dame Vera said ministers must accelerate the use of pre-recorded evidence and cross-examination in all rape cases. Analysis of Ministry of Justice figures shared by Labour with the Daily Express shows 44 courts faced average delays of more than 1,000 days. Eight courts – Great Grimsby, Lincoln, Norwich, Stafford, Swansea, Taunton, Teeside and Truro – all faced average delays of over 2,000 days. Jo Sidhu QC, chair of the Criminal Bar Association, said: “The factual evidence from the Criminal Courts does not support the current fantasy being fed to the public by ministers that delays are beginning to reduce; the reverse is true with victims waiting ever longer for justice despite there being around half the number of trials than a decade ago. “No rape complainants should be subjected to intolerable levels of delay at every stage of a case. “Tragically rape complainants bear a disproportionate brunt from the chronic end-to-end funding cuts across the criminal justice system. “Government cannot continually trumpet the quality of British justice and more recently pledge to crack down on violence against women, whilst consistently denuding the system of the very policing, prosecution and defence experts the public relies on, in their hour of need, to swiftly and diligently take rape complaints to their appropriate and timely conclusions. “It has become, tragically, commonplace for rape complainants to be forced to wait two years or more for any charging decisions to be made in case of serious sexual offence allegations, with potentially life-changing repercussions for victims of crime, and then often be made to endure two or more years again for trials to make their way through the courts.”  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Steve Reed MP, Labour’s Shadow Justice Secretary, said: “These findings are further proof that this soft-on-crime Conservative Government led by lawbreakers is letting criminals off and letting victims down in every corner of the country. “Voters that put their faith in the Conservatives at the last election will rightly be outraged that rape victims are waiting more than three years to get Justice, with many dropping their cases as a result. “Labour will put security at the heart of its contract with the British people. We’ll put police hubs at the heart of every community, create neighbourhood prevention teams and fast-track rape cases so that survivors get the justice they deserve.” A shocking report by the HM Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services and HM Crown Prosecution Service Inspectorate in February revealed one victim endured 21 court delays – many within just 24 hours notice. Police and prosecutors said cases were being listed for trial, then removed because of factors such as judicial and counsel availability. Rape cases were still being listed as ‘floaters’ or ‘backers’, meaning they could be moved or re-scheduled at the last minute, including on the day of the trial. The MoJ stressed that the figures include historic rape allegations – and courts handling these cases see much longer examples of when they are completed compared to taking place. But the figures also showed that 44 courts saw an increase in delays between 2019 and 2021. 