GB News' Great British Breakfast is the channel's flagship show, hosted by Eammon Holmes and Isabel Webster. However, over the weekend the show is presented by Stephen Dixon and Anne Diamond. The presenting duo cover the biggest news stories from 6am. Stephen has recently been boasting about the show's success. Stephen took to social media on Monday to show off about GB News' breakfast ratings. The presenter compared the channel's viewing figures to that of competitor and his former employer Sky News. Taking to Twitter, Stephen wrote: "Great to get Friday's ratings and see Breakfast with Stephen and Anne beat Sky News Breakfast for the key viewing hours. "Not bad for a channel less than a year old. Why not join us and see what you're missing out on? @gbnews," he added. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... Upon seeing Stephen's Tweet, fans shared their own thoughts on the show's success. Many viewers insisted GB News is now their go-to channel for morning TV news. "I always watch gbnews. I even put it on at work. It's a very educational news channel with excellent presenters whatever the time of day and they play the national anthem every morning before the show starts at 6am," @NickKnight20 said. @MrMark_James commented: "Used to enjoy GMB, but when Piers left stopped. GB News is my only morning TV now, it's really good." "Love your programme. It's a breath of fresh air. Great start to my day. Will retweet," @Daisy01457285 said. "Well-deserved, and so good to see you relaxed and happy and Anne a real diamond and professional," @Barfette added. "Well done!!! Totally deserved and shows how bad sky news is. You totally made the right decision leaving Stephen. Keep up the great work. Anne is such a great presenter and knowledgeable," @Ianp2101 remarked. "GB News is now my 'go-to' channel. Can't believe how different you are on GBN rather than Sky!!" @ConstructionSa1 wrote. (sic) DON'T MISS...Midsomer Murders’ Fiona Dolman details memories of first episode [MUST SEE]Call The Midwife’s Helen George teases return to set [INSIGHT]‘Unbelievable!’ Peaky Blinders fans stunned over finale ‘plot twist’ [UPDATE] Stephen famously left his role at Sky in November 2021 after 21 years of working for the broadcaster. He left his job as a Sky News journalist and moved over to GB News in December. Stephen has had a lengthy career in journalism, having previously worked for ITV, ITN and Channel 4. However, he's not the only former Sky employee to have crossed over, as Isabel Webster also made the move to GB News. GB News is a relatively new channel, having first started broadcasting on Sunday, June 13, 2021. The channel has recently celebrated success as Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel has been nominated for TRIC Awards' Multi-Channel News Programme. Announcing the awards nomination news, Eamonn urged his fans to vote for the GB News show. Other famous faces regularly seen on the news channel include Nigel Farage, Mark Dolan, Michelle Dewberry, Alex Phillips and Dan Wootton. Breakfast with Stephen and Anne airs Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays from 6am on GB News.