Ms Kenyon was last seen at around 9.30am in the Burnley area, a woman matching the description of Ms Kenyon was seen leaving an address on Todmorden Road in Burnley with a man on Friday morning.  According to the police, they are seeking information regarding a silver Ford Transit, registration at the time was MT57 FLC and travelled to the Bolton by Bowland area in north Lancashire. Since leaving on Friday morning, the missing woman has not been heard of since. Police are following regular lines of inquiry under protocols, and are searching rural areas with the aid of local firefighters and mountain rescue teams. Speaking outside Burnley Police Station, Detective Superintendent Gary Brooks said: "Katie is still missing and we are increasingly concerned about her whereabouts. "We have significant police resources committed to finding Katie. “The police are running a high-risk missing from home investigation with the absolute priority of finding Katie." He said that as a result of police inquiries, a man has been arrested "who is known to Katie".  Det. Supt Brooks added: "We believe he travelled in a vehicle - a silver transit van - with Katie to the area of Bolton by Bowland by Gisburn Forest. “Katie's whereabouts or sightings since then are unknown. "The primary objective is to find Katie. “So we are utilising police enquiries to try and identify search parameters.” He said police are "confident" that Ms Kenyon travelled in the silver transit van and that the area surrounding Gisburn Forest is an "area of significant interest". The investigating officer added: “We have officers who are especially search trained who are looking to find Katie in that area.”  READ MORE:Horror as Irishman kicked to death on Malaga beach Detective Chief Inspector Al Davies, of the Force Major Investigation Team, reiterated Det Supt Brooks' concerns. He said: "We continue to be extremely concerned about Katie and we have a large team who are working hard to try and find out what has happened to her. "I am keeping an open mind about what has happened to her but my concern obviously grows as time goes by. "I would appeal again to anyone who was in the Bolton by Bowland area on Friday and saw anything suspicious to get in touch, especially if they saw the silver van or Katie alone or in company. "Please do come and speak to us even if you think the information you have may not be important."  DON'T MISS:Pandering Macron savaged over EU anthem [REPORT]Dorries criticises Rees-Mogg’s approach to working from home [REVEAL]Russian TV panel LAUGHS while discussing nuclear attacks [INSIGHT] Ms Kenyon is described as white and 5ft 9in, with shoulder-length blonde hair. She was last seen wearing a blue cardigan, light blue and white top, black leggings and flip flops. Her family, who have said her disappearance is out of character, are being supported by specially trained officers. Anyone with information should call the police on 101 quoting log 800 of April 24 or you can contact them through the Major Incident Public Portal at Public Portal. Alternatively, contact independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 