It will be the ultimate fairytale story this weekend if Tiger Woods somehow gets himself into contention at The Masters in what will be his first competitive event since his horrific car cash in February last year. It was only a few weeks ago when those inside Woods' inner circle were suggesting a return in time to compete at Augusta was looking unlikely. But after putting in work at his local Medalist golf club, Woods has now made his return with many tipping the 15-time major champion to be in contention. Much will come down to how his body can handle walking around the difficult Augusta golf course for the entire weekend. And there are a host of big names in the field hoping to win their first major trophy who will all be in contention. New world No 1 Scottie Scheffler is in excellent form coming into this week having won three events in 2022 so far. Jon Rahm is arguably the most in-form player at Augusta over the past four years without walking away with a Green Jacket. Justin Thomas meanwhile has been one of the best ball-strikers in 2022 and has improved his putting strokes just at the right time. JUST IN: Why is Phil Mickleson not playing at The Masters? Full story explained Masters leaderboard LIVE  Then there are those such as Viktor Hovland, Collin Morikawa, Cameron Smith and Dustin Johnson among several others who will also fancy their chances. All will be revealed come Sunday evening, but there's expected to be many twists and turns between now and then. Woods will attract most of the attention to see exactly where his game is at and whether he can challenge for a sixth Green Jacket. And the golf icon certainly believes he has every chance to be in contention come Sunday. DON'T MISS  "If I feel like I can still win, I’m going to play," Woods said. "But if I feel like I can’t, then you won’t see me out here. You guys know me better than that. “I don’t show up to an event unless I think I can win it. So that’s the attitude I’ve had. "There will be a day when it won’t happen, and I’ll know when that is, but physically the challenge this week is I don’t have to worry about the ball striking or the game of golf. "It’s actually just the hills out here. That’s going to be the challenge and it’s going to be a challenge of a major marathon.”