Easter brings with it a four-day weekend, bookended by two bank holidays, Good Friday and Easter Monday. Over this weekend, supermarkets across the UK alter their hours in operation to allow staff some time off to spend celebrating the holiday with their families. Most major supermarkets closed their doors to the public on Easter Sunday today, which, as a holiday celebrated by Christians and the many denominations, is widely regarded as the day of rest. However, most shops will be back in action on Easter Monday, albeit on reduced hours for some. Easter Monday falls on April 18 this year, and store opening hours will very much vary depending on location and store type. With this being said, shoppers are strongly advised to check the opening times of their local store before heading out to avoid disappointment.  READ MORE: Cost of living crisis: How to save money on your supermarket shop  Tesco says store opening times will vary based on store and location. The superstores should be operating on reduced hours on Easter Monday, and a quick check provides a guideline of 8am to 8pm. The Tesco Express stores should be operating on their respective usual opening hours, but check your local before you head over. To check the opening times for your local store, visit the Tesco store finder here.  Morrisons have also altered its operating hours, but it has been stressed that this also will vary depending on location. The store opening hours on Easter Monday are said to be 7am to 8pm with the exception of a few who will be open till 10pm. To check the opening times for your local store, visit the Morrisons store finder here. DON'T MISS: Cost of living crisis: Exactly how much has your food bill risen? [EXPLAINED]Tesco recalls 'unsafe' soup because of 'presence of metal' [INSIGHT]Shopper's fury amid claims Easter dropped from chocolate eggs [ANALYSIS]     Asda will also remain to operate on reduced hours. The store advises customers to check the local opening times before visiting as again, these hours will vary depending on location. Generally, the store opening times for Asda on Easter Monday seem to widely be 7am to 7pm. To check the opening times for your local store, visit the Asda store finder here. 