Jamie Carragher's prediction about points required for survival could spell doom for Everton ahead of their daunting Premier League run-in. Everton face the threat of relegation to the Championship and will need some big results before the end of the season to avoid disaster. Carragher was on Sky Sports for Friday Night Football as Newcastle United secured three points with a 1-0 win over Wolves at St. James' Park. Chris Wood's second-half penalty ensured the Magpies reached 34 points, 10 points ahead of 18th-place Burnley. And Carragher believes 34 points will be enough for any team to guarantee their Premier League status next season. He said: "I actually look at Watford, Burnley and Everton and think, are they actually going to get 34 points? I think to stay up, you're probably looking at 34, 35 points. "I don't think it will be too much more than that. So I think Newcastle are safe. And you know what, they're playing that well that they're not having to worry about it. That's why I asked Eddie Howe, 'will you start looking forward'? Just imagine getting to 10th or maybe could they get into the top half? JUST IN: Everton tipped to beat 'all over the place' Man Utd by Paul Merson  "It might be too much to ask, but the actual way that they're playing, certainly as a whole, they look like a mid-table Premier League club when you watch them in these last sort of six or seven weeks. They don't look like a team fighting relegation." Carragher's words could concern Everton because it would mean Frank Lampard would have to guide his side to nine or 10 points from their final nine games of the campaign. That requirement alone is troublesome enough, considering the Toffees have won just six points from their first nine league outings under Lampard. READ MORE: Ajax 'ban English media' from Ten Hag press briefing amid Man Utd link  However, the ex-Chelsea boss is yet to face his toughest stretch of fixtures at Goodison Park. In six of their final nine games this term, Everton must face Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester United, and Leicester City twice. And all six, barring Arsenal, take place in their next five outings, starting with United on Saturday. The Toffees visit Watford and then host Brentford and Crystal Palace before travelling to Arsenal on the final day. But will their 70-year tenure in the top-flight be over by then? Simply put, Lampard must guide Everton to some surprising results over the next month, or disaster could strike on Merseyside. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.