Charlene, Princess of Monaco has two twin children – Jacques and Gabriella, both seven years old. She shares them with Prince Albert II of Monaco, whom she has been married to since 2011. Parenting expert Jo Austin, from Tayberry Tuition and Consultancy, spoke to Express.co.uk to outline Charlene’s techniques with her children.  Jo stated she could show similarities to the parenting style of UK royals. Jo said: “Charlene’s parenting is quite similar to many other royals in the British Royal Family. “They all have full time jobs and royal engagements which they must attend, meaning that they can spend prolonged amounts of time away from their children. “The Queen had a variety of royal engagements to attend throughout her children’s childhoods, and so often left them at home whilst she went on tours. “Her parenting style could also be similar to that of Sophie Wessex and the Duchess of Cambridge, as they too were brought up out of the public eye, so therefore will be bringing their children up in a very different environment to how they were brought up,” Jo claimed. The expert also commented on Charlene's style with her husband. Jo said: “Reports have suggested that Princess Charlene and Prince Albert very much work together as a team, which any parent of twins will tell you is essential. “Charlene is bringing her children up very much in the public eye, and therefore disciplining her children must be discrete.  “Bringing up twins in particular is difficult, as it’s very easy to parent them in the same manner, but every child is different and an individual. “Whereas some are happy to be more independent, others need more reassurance,” the expert claimed. Charlene and Albert, like most royal couples, face a lot of scrutiny regarding their marriage and parenting. Jo argues that the couple will not treat their children “any differently” because of this.  She said: “From our experience, it’s important that those who are in positions where they’re visible to the general public have people around their children who won’t treat them any differently. “This is regardless of what’s being reported in the papers. "Having a parent away for a sustained period of time, as the twins have had whilst their mother has been unwell, can have a real effect on children. “It’s therefore important that there are people around them who they can trust to be honest with them and speak to them privately.”  As Charlene is a former Olympic swimmer, would she likely influence her children to be athletic and sporty? Jo explained: “In our experience of working with those who have a career in sport, they tend to value the structure, dedication and routine that sport brings. “Children often copy their parents, so it’s no different to if their parents were professional chefs, that they’d follow in similar footsteps with food. “It’s important that Charlene is very discrete with her parenting, but she must also bring her children up in line with the public’s perception of a ‘good child’,” the expert noted. “They must be well mannered and polite, clean and tidy and sociable.” 