Lewis Hamilton, 37, is geared up for the F1 grid at Melbourne this weekend - the first time the sport has travelled Down Under since 2019. But the sports star left fans blown away after he recently took to Instagram and shared how he prefers to "refocus" his mind days before his Grand Prix race. Sharing a candid video, which has been viewed over four million times, Lewis gave fans a rare insight into how he likes to spend his downtime before a big race. In view of his 27.5 million followers, Lewis shared a video of himself jumping out of a plane as the F1 champion shared he loves to skydive. Taking to the picture-sharing site on April 4, the driver could be seen floating in the sky in the exhilarating video. The carefree sports star enjoyed the thrill while in the United Arab Emirates. READ MORE: Dragons' Den star Sara Davies talks 'scandal' with husband 'I was 15'  He could be seen performing backflips as he fearlessly floated in the clear skies. Lewis captioned the post: "Had the best day yesterday. A very ideal way to spend a Sunday. "I've been sky diving for a couple of years now but naturally through the pandemic, I didn't get to go. Got 10 jumps in, learned something new each time. "It's such a great way to clear the mind, recenter and refocus on the week ahead #dubai."  Fans flocked to the comment section, as the captivating clip sent his fans wild. Instagram user, Tadiwa Kutsaru joked: "Insurance and Mercedes throwing up each time." Super Davis commented: "Thrill seeker lol! As if going over 180mph in an F1 isn't enough." "Did Mercedes actually allow you to do this? Haha," Vince Maidens queried. DON'T MISS... Gemma Atkinson issues warning amid Manchester airport 'chaos'[LATEST]Denise Welch's stalker jailed for seven years after starting fire[UPDATES]Britney Spears strips naked in pool as singer goes topless in clip[PICTURES] Lewis Hamilton style fan page mused: "Only Lewis Hamilton could prep for a race by sky diving." While Johnnie added: "You are a legend." Lewis often takes to social media and shares his varied interests outside of Formula One racing. The driving champion admitted that he enjoyed the experience ten times in one day. Meanwhile, Lewis is headed to the race track for the Australian Grand Prix which hasn't taken place in the last two years. He has only won twice in Melbourne, most recently in 2015. Meanwhile, Lewis secured a surprising podium in Bahrain but his car’s lack of pace was reflected more in the 10th place finish in Saudi Arabia. Formula 1 Australian Grand Prix Highlights airs on Channel 4 at 11am.