Coronavirus cases are continuing to rise in the UK and the same goes for many global holiday destinations too. European hotspots - such as France and Italy - are still recording millions of cases each day, though both countries remain open to foreign visitors. Choosing a ‘Covid-safe’ destination for your summer holiday is crucial to avoid illness or tough restrictions ruining your trip, but where in the world are the best places to travel? These are the safest places to visit for a warm, sunny holiday in 2022. Latest data from the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control showed that France, Germany, the UK and Italy are in the top five European countries reporting the most COVID-19 cases, as of April 21, 2022. Tourist hotspots to avoid in Africa include Morocco, Egypt and Tunisia - having reported the largest numbers of confirmed cases of COVID-19. With many popular destinations now ruled out for eager holidaymakers, it can seem hard to know where else to look for a low-risk holiday - but there are still plenty of sought after spots to choose from. READ MORE:Greece to remove all Covid restrictions within weeks This scorching hot destination is known for its soaring temperatures and all-inclusive resorts, and it is actually one of the safest places too. Its unique geographical location means that Turkey occupies an odd position which is partly in Asia and partly in Europe. While cases remain high in many EU spots, it is a good time to make the most of the affordable package deals which have been a firm favourite for Brits for years. This sunny spot is experiencing relatively low case numbers in comparison to its European counterparts, with just 88 cases per million people. This popular tourist spot is open for business, and has relatively low Covid rates, according to recent data by John Hopkins University. Current restrictions require visitors to show a vaccination certificate, proof of recovery from COVID-19 within the last nine months, or produce a negative test upon entry.Dubrovnik, Plitvice Lakes and the island of Brac are not to be missed if you decide to visit this sun-soaked country, with average temperatures of between 26-30C throughout the summer months. According to the latest rolling seven-day averages, there are just 133.56 cases per million in Croatia, compared to the UK which has 390.77 confirmed cases per million. DON'T MISS:[REVEAL]TUI launches cruise sale with £500 off Mediterranean holidays [LATEST]Greece to remove all Covid restrictions within weeks [INSIGHT]'Hidden gem' City in Yorkshire named cheapest place to visit in UK [ANALYSIS] Bulgaria has been a long standing favourite for sun-seeking Brits, and its low Covid case numbers is just another reason to visit this year. Recognised as one of the most affordable destinations in Europe, Bulgaria offers tourists a mix of sandy beaches as well as historical sites for just a fraction of the price of Greece, Italy and other popular spots. Latest data from John Hopkins University showed that the country is one of the safest places to visit this summer, with just 79.67 cases per million recorded under their seven-day rolling average. This short haul hotspot offers a range of stunning islands for sun-seeking tourists, with the likes of Lanzarote and Gran Canaria boasting low Covid rates. At present over 78.8 percent of the population is vaccinated against COVID-19, which is above the average for Europe. A certificate of vaccination, proof of recovery or a negative test is required upon entry to the Canary Islands, and some mask-wearing restrictions apply in certain areas.