The elite group from Pskov was sent to Belarus as part of the Russian assault on Ukraine. They now face the consequences of jail time for insubordination and have been branded “cowards” by some in Russia. So embarrassing is the mutiny, Putin has instructed his Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu to send one of his most senior officers to Pskov to handle the court-martial proceedings in person.Ukrainian officials first suggested the elite group was in fact paratroopers from Pskov, although this has yet to be confirmed officially.Russian opposition outlet Pskovskaya Guberniya reported: “About 60 servicemen from Pskov refused to go to war on Ukrainian territory, according to our sources. “After the first days of the war, they were first brought to the Republic of Belarus, and then they returned to their base in Pskov. “Most of them are currently being dismissed, but some are threatened with criminal cases.” The mutiny is not the first time Putin has been left humiliated since the war with Ukraine started.Putin has notoriously shown his impatience with his troops and staff, having set examples of FSB agents and some of his closest advisors, branding anyone going against him as "traitors". A Russian soldier from Pskov, Vladimir Safronov, 23, told his Ukrainian interrogators about problems with rations, and how his officers were looting the civilian population.He said: “Things are bad with food, we are constantly saving it.  “Very often we have a situation in which a ration for one person is shared between two people. “We are eating mostly what we find inside civilian houses.“There is a lot of looting, I've personally seen it. I don't support it, it was mainly senior sergeants and the commander who did it.“I saw civilians who were hiding, people who were unable to evacuate, who lived in constant fear.“I felt awfully sorry for them, it was scary to find them.” DON'T MISS:Huge RAF A400 aircraft soars above Leeds [REPORT]SNP election win the 'End of Scotland' [REVEAL]Ukraine prosecutor confesses to passing state secrets to Russia [INSIGHT] Reports have also emerged Ukrainians were forced to eat their own pets as Russian soldiers stole whatever food they could, leaving those sheltering from the war with little choice to survive.Earlier reports said elite OMON special forces troops from Khakassia had refused to fight. According to New Focus, a Russian-language news outlet based in the Russian region of Khakassia in southern Siberia, the group personally told a high-ranking general of Rosgvardia—the National Guard which mainly has a policing role in Russia—they were unwilling to participate in the invasion.In another case, troops from the unofficial republic South Ossetia reportedly went on foot back to their homes after refusing to participate on hostilities in Ukraine.Others have been reported to have hitchhiked back to Russia as fuel and supplies ran out. Over 1,000 Russian troops have been in contact with a lawyer specialising in protecting absconding personnel.Mikhail Benyash, a Russian lawyer who is allegedly handling the case of 12 guardsmen from Khakassia said: “A lot of people don't want to go and fight.” Human rights lawyer Pavel Chikhov said in a post on the Telegram messaging service that Captain Farid Chitav and 11 of his Rosgvardia subordinates refused to invade Ukraine on February 25, arguing the orders were "illegal."Mr Chickov said: "None of them was informed about a business trip to the territory of Ukraine to participate in a special military operation, nor about the tasks and conditions of this operation, and as a result, they did not give consent to it.”