Collaborative Mobility UK (CoMoUK), the shared transport charity, suggested that “mobility credits” could be used as an incentive. It is hoped this would help drivers give up their private vehicles in collaboration with transport providers for alternative travel. This could include car clubs and bike hire schemes as well as public transport options like trains, trams and buses. Mobility credits are already being used in some areas of the UK including Coventry, who offer the credits to those who have the most polluting vehicles. This includes a diesel car that was registered before 2016 and petrol cars that were first registered before 2011. In return, drivers can use the mobility credits on public transport, car clubs, bike shares and on-demand bus services. READ MORE: New car tax changes today will leave drivers in 'sticky situations' It is hoped that this scheme will be adopted further around the UK, with the aim of reducing congestion, improving air quality and tackling climate change. In its manifesto for English local authorities ahead of May’s local Government elections, CoMoUK said councils must do more to support shared transport schemes to help cut carbon emissions and improve the nation’s health. Richard Dilks, chief executive of CoMoUK, said shared transport options should be prioritised to help move the UK towards net zero emissions. He said: “Shared transport schemes are already doing heavy lifting on decarbonisation but can go much further with greater support and should be employed right across England. DON'T MISSPetrol price checker: How to check the cheapest fuel near you [INSIGHT]Drivers brand EV owners 'plain stupid' for not having home charger [COMMENT]Drivers told to ditch petrol and diesel to save £1,900 a year with EVs [SHOCKING] “The local Government elections in May present an opportunity for shared transport to be built into the future travel policies of every local authority in England. “Currently, shared transport remains underrepresented in the transport strategies and delivery plans of English local authorities. “We believe further support is needed if the full benefits that sustainable transport can offer are to be achieved.” CoMoUK said the decarbonisation of transport requires “unprecedented action” if the net zero target is to be reached and insisted shared transport like car clubs and bike share schemes can contribute directly to cleaner air and better health. By law, the UK’s greenhouse gas emissions must be cut by 78 percent by 2035 and reach net zero by 2050. CoMoUK points to domestic transport as being the largest source of UK emissions, with it estimated to be responsible for around 27 percent of greenhouse gas emissions. The main source of these emissions is the use of petrol and diesel in road transport. Research by the charity found CO2 emissions from car club vehicles are on average 37 percent lower than the average UK car. Around 11 percent of car club vehicles are now electric compared to only one percent of all vehicles in the UK. The charity said membership of UK car clubs stands at nearly 800,000 members – a 24 percent increase on the previous year – and nearly 42,000 trips are made using bike share schemes every day. The call for incentives for those who give up private cars is one of 12 key actions the charity is suggesting for councils to take up. CoMoUK have warned that shared transport remains “frequently underrepresented” in the transport strategies and delivery plans of local authorities. They also stressed that further support is needed if the full benefits that sustainable transport can offer are to be achieved. In early 2022, the UK Government is set to publish a Local Authority Toolkit providing guidance for local authorities to deliver more sustainable transport measures. This will contain specific measures on supporting shared car ownership, and on promoting zero emission car clubs.