The snooker world number 1 Ronnie O'Sullivan put on a stunning effort yesterday in which he managed to rise above rival Mark Allen in a 12-4 display. The score saw him gain another 88 points into a possible 147, with Allen managing to halt him ahead of a potentially embarrassing result on his part. He now needs just one more push to stand atop Scottish legend Stephen Hendry. A single frame from his match today will put him in the last eight for his 20th time. The ace started the match with 10 potted reds and nine blacks, before following up with a 131 break. At the end of the morning session, he had settled into a 6-2 lead, before Allen won the first frame in the evening. After missing a pink, however, O'Sullivan managed to forge ahead and cleared 7-3. READ MORE: Neil Robertson confessed what scared him more than snooker The end of the match saw Allen on 110 while O'Sullivan took the final two frames and progressed to today's round. He is on the cusp of entering the quarter-finals for his 20th time, which would beat Hendry. Hendry currently holds the record for the most final eight appearances with 19. Today's match will see O'Sullivan appear amongst several big names on stage for the championship.  While he faces Allen, defending champion Mark Selby will play off against challenger Yan Bingtao. The two have now paused until this evening, with Bingtao currently leading following a slow-burner match. O'Sullivan, on the other hand is now nearly over the line and leading Allen, who needs one snooker to survive, 12-4. Today's pacing will come as a marked change to the April 22 match, which saw a surprise interruption. Players and championship staff briefly had to corral a pigeon that invaded the arena. The bird disrupted the second round of Selby and Bingtao's second match, when the latter player was leading 3-2. Having clearly seen enough, it landed on the table and shocked the competitors. They had to wait while staff gently ushered it out through the player door and back into the outside world. The events caused a stir amongst even the most seasoned onlookers, who said they had never seen anything like it. Philip Studd, on hand for commentary with Eurosport, questioned whether the pigeon had bought a ticket. Dominic Dale, a former player, said he had "never, ever seen that before". He added: "I saw a sparrow once at the Welsh Open a few years ago, but never a pigeon here at the Crucible."