Erik ten Hag insists he will be able to handle the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo at Manchester United. The incoming Red Devils boss has warned Ronaldo he, or any other player, will not be given any special treatment. United announced on Thursday that Ten Hag will become the club's next permanent manager at the end of the season. The Dutchman will leave Ajax to replace Ralf Rangnick at Old Trafford. Ronaldo is almost halfway through the two-year contract he signed upon his return to United last summer. The Portugal superstar will immediately become the most high-profile player Ten Hag will have ever managed in his coaching career. Some have questioned whether Ten Hag's lack of experience at top European clubs will hamper him at United. But in his first interview since being announced as the new United boss, he insists he is ready for the task ahead. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag advised that only two Man Utd players are worth keeping next season  Ten Hag was asked: "Can you deal well with stars, the Ronaldos of this world?" And he was pretty clear in his response that no player will be able to go against his values. He told Dutch outlet Trouw: “I think so, but I will remain myself in that too. I will not change my view on coaching. "The material always determines how you play, but I indicate the requirements that come with it and the standards. I tell who has what task and who does not meet it, will be told that, regardless of who it is. I make no concessions in that regard.” Ronaldo is United's leading goalscorer in all competitions this season. The 37-year-old has scored 21 goals, with no other player in the squad reaching double figures. DON'T MISSMan Utd target Antony has clear summer plan after Erik ten Hag move confirmed [TRANSFERS]Kylian Mbappe to Real Madrid on the rocks as PSG ace breaks agreement with dizzying demand [GOSSIP]Five possible targets with Man Utd 'working on deal for young Premier League striker' [TRANSFERS]  He missed Tuesday's 4-0 loss at Liverpool following the death of his baby son earlier this week. However, he will be back in the squad for the trip to Arsenal on Saturday. Meanwhile, Ten Hag still had one year remaining on his contract at Ajax. But he insists he could have left the club last summer. Asked why he is leaving, the 52-year-old added: “This is already a bonus year. Things were already happening last summer, but I wanted to be successful with Ajax one more time and spend the winter in the Champions League. "Because when I was appointed I had said that Ajax had to become 'Europe proof'. That worked. But, we're not done yet.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here