Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been urged to resign by opposition parties as well as members of his own Conservative Party. Despite previously insisting that he had broken no Covid rules the PM was fined by the Metropolitan Police earlier in April, prompting suggestions that he had been dishonest with MPs. Express.co.uk spoke with a political expert for their predictions as to what could next happen to Mr Johnson. Calls for Mr Johnson to resign picked up pace on April 12 when the Government announced the PM, his wife Carrie Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak had all been fined for breaking Covid rules. The trio were judged to have attended an illegal gathering at Downing Street which celebrated Mr Johnson’s birthday. Little more than a week later MPs voted to approve an inquiry by the Privileges Committee into whether the PM knowingly misled the House of Commons. The inquiry will take place once the police have finished their own investigation into the gatherings.  READ MORE: Emmanuel Macron SNUBS Boris! President speaks to Biden but not PM Meanwhile, Mr Johnson has refused to step down from his position and has said he had "absolutely nothing, frankly, to hide". If the Privileges Committee finds Mr Johnson did mislead Parliament, they can recommend a sanction which could include a suspension or expulsion from Parliament entirely. Though the Government will have a final say on whether to listen to the recommendations. Professor Kevin Featherstone, a politics academic at the London School of Economics and Political Finance, told Express.co.uk he doesn’t believe a ruling from the committee alone “will itself determine” the PM’s future.  He said: “I think the Privileges Committee won’t go the full hog and say ‘yes he lied and should be roundly punished’. “I think the phrase ‘knowingly’ is key here. It comes with lots of wonderful ambiguity and how to judge that. “Even if the Privileges Committee came back to say that he should be suspended for a day etcetera I think Boris might still survive on the basis that like the fixed penalty notice he’s apologised and accepted that he was wrong.” Earlier this year Mr Johnson faced strong calls to resign after allegations emerged around what became coined as the "partygate" scandal.  DON'T MISS: Truss calls for 'barbaric' Russia to be thrown off UN Security Council [EXPLAINER]Family of captured Aiden Aslin demand Boris free him from Russia hell [INSIGHT]Dad 'stabs burglar to death' after watching him raid home on doorbell [NEWS] But the 57-year-old managed to withstand the pressure and continue in his role as PM. Indeed, Professor Featherstone believes that situation placed the PM in “more severe danger” than the one currently facing him. He said: “Public opinion has more or less discounted the original controversies. We’re not getting new stories so much. “The counterargument is probably the Sue Gray report. If that is actually accessible, made public in full and comes with seemingly clear photos of parties then that would be a game-changer.  “But from the other point of view, I think it’s probably odds of 60/40 that Boris would even face a leadership election before the summer.” The academic explained his stance through what he believes is an “abstinence of a clear leadership rival” for Mr Johnson. Mr Sunak, who had previously been viewed as Mr Johnson’s natural successor, has seen his popularity with the public tumble in the past month, leaving no obvious choice for a potential replacement. Professor Featherstone added that a resilient performance from the Tories in May’s local elections could aid Mr Johnson’s cause to avoid a leadership contest. Though pollsters are anticipating the Tories to concede ground to the Labour Party, there remains uncertainty around whether they can retain some of their so-called “red wall” areas such as Sunderland. During his time in office, Mr Johnson’s electoral appeal has allowed his party to make significant gains in these regions. And it is for that reason that Professor Featherstone believes “there are definite interests” from Tory MPs to retain him as their leader. 