Prince Harry and Meghan Markle carried out a whistle-stop tour of Windsor on Thursday when they covertly met with both the Queen and Prince Charles. However, royal biographer Angela Levin told Sky News this morning that Harry "arrived late" for his meeting with his father, which only lasted ten minutes. Ms Levin's account that the meeting lasted only ten minutes comes after another royal expert claimed Meghan and Harry were in and out of their meeting with Charles "in just 15 minutes". While it's unclear how long Charles was left waiting for his son, Ms Levin noted that Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, also joined the meeting. Ms Levin told Sky News: "Well, they arrived late for their meeting with Prince Charles so they had a brief ten minutes together. "The Duchess of Cornwall was there so that there was no disagreement about who said what. "Charles and her had to go off to the Maundy celebrations and so they weren't there for very long." JUST IN: Ghislaine Maxwell's brother claims Andrew may have settled as Queen... She added: "He could not have been with the Queen for very long either because she had a virtual engagement that day." According to royal commentator Richard Kay, the meeting with Harry's father only lasted 15 minutes, starting at 10am on Thursday. Mr Kay claimed that one of the Queen's conditions, attached to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's visit to the UK, was that Harry would "first have to see his father". There has been rife speculation of a rift between Charles and his son since Harry criticised his father in interviews with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021 and on his Apple TV series 'The Me You Can't See'. Mr Kay said that their meeting with Charles "was the most important of the two meetings". He added that the father and son have "been barely speaking in recent months". The brief stopover en route to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands was the first time the couple has returned to the UK together since stepping back from royal duties in March 2020. DON'T MISS: Royal LIVE: Charles fears Jubilee will be Archie and Lilibet 'circus' [LIVE BLOG]Left's Rwanda fury is phoney, blasts CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT]Vladimir Putin confronted in person about humiliating Russian losses [VIDEO] However, the couple came to the UK without their children, meaning that the Queen is still yet to meet Lilibet, who is named after the monarch. A source close to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex told the Mirror that they will return to the UK "in the near future" with their children. Ingrid Seward, editor-in-large of Majesty magazine, suggested that the meetings in Windsor could pave the way for Harry and Meghan to attend the Platinum Jubilee festivities in June. She said the meeting "shows the olive branch has been offered to them and the Queen will be hoping they accept it".