Piers Morgan derided attempts from Nigel Farage to thwart his interview with Donald Trump by providing him with a list of all the negative comments he made about the former President. The broadcaster warned Mr Farage's "sneaky plot" had "backfired" due to the large attention his interview with President Trump had received for days ahead of it airing. But his victorious outburst did not stop the TalkTV host to brand his competitor a "treacherous little weasel" for his ploy.  Mr Morgan said: "A dossier was sent to Trump by a treacherous little weasel called Nigel, working for a little TV network somewhere in the UK, in an attempt to sabotage this interview. "A sneaky plot that was top spectacularly backfire." He then proceeded to read out some of the comments he made about Donald Trump: "These are just some of the quotes, and keep in mind he summoned me to his office, and read them to me very slowly, with increasing menace in his eyes. "Trump's a supreme narcissist, his pathetic antics have been utterly contemptible. He's now acting like a mafia mob boss.   "President Trump needs to be removed from office. Now, to be clear, I meant what I said at the time, and I stand by them now but understandably Trump was angry, furious in fact. "He cursed me as he read those quotes out and repeatedly threatened to cancel the interview." Last week, Mr Farage revealed on his YouTube channel he had gotten in touch with Donald Trump ahead of the interview to share Piers Morgan's view with him. Mr Farage said: "A few days ago, Morgan did the interview, I met with Trump and we went out for dinner afterwards. “I said to him 'Morgan has gone around boasting in the UK media telling everybody that he is your friend, that he has got special privileged access, but in fact, behind your back, he has been stitching you up for a long time. “'If you do this interview, here is the truth,' and I gave him a document." Mr Farage added: “Trump clearly was extremely displeased, and the interview, because of that, was not perhaps the friendliest it ever could have been, but here is what makes this worse." DON'T MISS:  Macron's victory night in tatters with Paris deadly protests  [REVEAL] Moscow in FLAMES: Misery for Putin as huge plumes of smoke engulf sky [INSIGHT] Biden praise the defence of Kyiv  [SPOTLIGHT] During his chat with Piers Morgan, the former US President covered a wide range of topics - going from his views of successor Joe Biden to Angela Markel's failure with Russia. He accused the former German Chancellor of remaining closely tied to Moscow despite having been warned about being too dependent on Russian gas. And he admitted to taking a swipe at her stance by sending the "white flag of surrender" her way during one of the last summits he attended as US leader.