The International Trade Minister co-chaired the first UK-Jordan Agreement Council on Tuesday - and afterwards pointed to the increase in trade since Britain left the clutches of the EU. While trapped in the EU Single Market, the UK was unable to make its own bespoke agreements on trade without involving the other 27 members. After the meeting, Ms Mordaunt, who is one of the favourites to be a future Conservative leader, took to Twitter to highlight the latest progress. “Just co-chaired the 1st UK-Jordan Agreement Council. It will help remove trade barriers and create opportunities. UK exports are up 13 percent on last year. Our partnership on growth, defence, security and global challenges is vital. Thank you H.E Yousef Al Shamali and [Jordan Ambassador to the UK] @ManarMDabbas,” she said. It comes a week after she revealed to MPs that the UK is on the verge of signing 20 new deals with states in the US - worth 20 percent of the American GDP. One of those deals will be with Texas which, if it were independent, would be the seventh biggest economy in the world. The latest revelation on the trade boost with Jordan comes as Tory Brexiteer MPs argued Boris Johnson's Government must do more to show the public Brexit bonuses are already happening. Veteran Brexiteer Conservative MP Peter Bone said: “There are lots of good things happening but we need to do more to highlight them. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Hated deal faces being SCRAPPED in historic showdown “The Remainers would have it that everything is going wrong but actually we are already seeing a lot of bonuses to Brexit.” The first US state deal is expected to be unveiled later this week - with the rest completed by October. Ms Mordaunt told MPs in the Commons last week: “We are making considerable progress on this and we are in discussions with around 20 US states. “I have just returned from Texas which, if it was a country in its own right, would be the seventh largest economy in the world. DON'T MISSEmmanuel Macron SNUBS Boris! President speaks to Biden but not PM [INSIGHT]POLL: Does Brexit mean we're finally in control of our borders? [REACTION]Truss calls for 'barbaric' Russia to be thrown off UN Security Council [REVELATION] “We are going to do a state level agreement with Texas, we hope, by October of this year and we will start signing these agreements with US states next month. “The first eight we have in the pipeline will be the equivalent to 20 percent of the US economy.” The round of trade deals signed by the UK was begun by Liz Truss before she was promoted to Foreign Secretary.