Martin Roberts, who shares property tips on YouTube channel Martin Roberts’ Property Titbits, said when it comes to renovating a kitchen, there are many things to think about. This includes the positioning of the room, the fittings and fixtures as well as the lighting in the kitchen. In the video, the expert said: “The bigger the better…the more space you can create for your kitchen, the absolute better. “People live in their kitchens, now more than ever. “If you can create a kitchen which is part of the living part of the house, which people can mill around and have fun in while you’re doing the cooking and it just feels like it’s part of that whole family environment, then that is what people want. “Island kitchens, kitchens which have breakfast bars, kitchens which are part of the family living space. If at all possible, knock through as many walls on the downstairs floor, all checking out it’s not going to cause the house to collapse by making sure to engage the services of a structural engineer before you start taking out potentially supportive walls.” The expert also explained that the positioning of the kitchen is “really important”. READ MORE: Neutral colours can make rooms seem ‘larger and more spacious’ He said it should be easily accessible, making it the focal point of the home. Martin added: “This is stuff you could do early on in the whole process when you’re planning out your renovation. “Think laterally, think bold…draw it out on paper, plan it out and then go for it. “Think about the central location and the kitchen being the focal point of the house and almost like everything else spins off from that.” DON'T MISS:Slug pellets banned in the UK from today - use beer traps instead [COMMENT]Houseplant: Snake plants can remove ‘toxins’ from the home [EXPERT]Lower energy bills by washing clothes with cold water - ‘great step’ [INSIGHT] When it comes to shopping for kitchen cabinets and units, Martin recommended shopping around. He said: “There are some truly amazing bargains available online through auction sites like eBay and Gumtree….you might be able to get hold of brand new, ex display units, secondhand units that just have virtually no use for the fraction of the cost that it would be to buy those things new. “I know people who have literally got bespoke designer kitchens which would have cost £20,000 or £30,000 for £800, so check online, look around and see what kind of a bargain you can get.” While everyone working on a budget loves a bargain, the expert recommended investing in fixtures and fittings. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Martin explained: “Nice fixtures and fittings will be the thing that people notice. Taps can be expensive, you might not want to go completely over the top, but spend wisely and do buy nice things that will just give that little lift to the kitchen you are creating.” Early on in the process during a kitchen renovation, homeowners should think about electricity and gas. This includes thinking about where sockets need to go. Martin added: “Think about where you are going to need a higher amperage electricity supply for things like a cooker or other electrical appliances. “Plan it early on and that should literally be one of the first things that goes in.” Lastly, the expert advised people to think about kitchen lighting. This should be considered right at the beginning of the transformation process. The expert said: “Lighting should be multi-use so one side of it you want to be able to light up the work surfaces so you can cook effectively on them, but then if it’s a dining area that’s combined with the kitchen, you want to be able to dim those lights for maybe having candles in that area. “Really easy to do at the outset but once you’ve done the renovation it will be much harder to change your lighting. “So that’s it, a few hints and tips about renovating your kitchen.”