He's made a full apology and he should now be able to devote his time, without distraction, to the UK's massive problems. No other Government has faced such a challenge since the Second World War. In those dark days our nation was mainly united behind Winston Churchill, who didn't suffer the constant media scrutiny we have today. We need to be united again. Boris is human and will make mistakes but I believe he is the strong leader we need at this time. ----- Harry continues to manipulate the Press, saying he wants to make sure the Queen has the right people taking care of her, says Christine Kershaw, from Minehead, Somerset. This can only deepen the divide between him and his father and brother. He can wave from the palace's balcony all he likes but the Queen will be surrounded by a team of loyal royals. They will be pleased for the Queen that Harry is there but I now see little hope of a reconciliation with his close family. ----- Does the chairman of the National Infrastructure Commission, Sir John Armitt, really believe new gas boilers should be banned to make people switch to greener heat pumps, says Barbara Birkin, from South Shields, Tyne and Wear. Where on Earth does he think those struggling to pay energy bills and put food on the table are going to get £10,000 to fit one? ----- Harry's arrogance knows no bounds. Who does he think he is saying he makes sure the Queen is protected and has the right people around her? He has no power, no say or sway at all. He's a nobody, says Peggy Reeves, from Christchurch, Dorset. With respect, the Queen is a frail old lady and she needs protection from the likes of him - her world needs to be calm and unpressured. ----- Well said, Ann Widdecombe, says Suzi White, from Taunton, Somerset. This is a question I've wanted to ask for a while. If the Archbishop can strongly voice his opinions, why can't imams speak about how it is wrong to kill and terrorise people in the name of Allah, and remind them that there's no reward in paradise.