Former Manchester United defender Mikael Silvestre could only name five Red Devils players who are worth keeping beyond this summer. The ex-France international says there are question marks around all other members of the United squad. Ralf Rangnick's side suffered another blow in their quest to finish in the Premier League top four on Tuesday. They lost 4-0 to Liverpool at Anfield on an embarrassing night for the visitors. The German, who will be replaced by Erik ten Hag in the summer and will take up a consultancy role at the club, admitted after the match that United need up to 10 new signings. Silvestre says that cannot happen in one window and will take up to three years to complete. He told Sky Sports News: "Well first of all in one window you can't sign 10 players, it doesn't make sense. So it's going to take two or three windows, and I'm talking summer windows, to really adjust the squad to reflect what the new manager wants." READ MORE: Roy Keane warns Erik ten Hag will fail at Man Utd unless club make major change  Silvestre then named the players he thinks must stay under new boss Ten Hag. Midfielder Bruno Fernandes, goalkeeper David de Gea, centre-back duo Harry Maguire and Raphael Varane and forward Marcus Rashford made the cut. Silvestre added: "And for the ones that need to stay for sure, I would say the backbone of the team. Bruno Fernandes signed a new contract, so he's one that needs to stay. "David de Gea, Raphael Varane who we haven't seen much of this season, Harry Maguire needs to improve. I think he's a good leader, he's having a difficult time at the moment, but he needs to stick to United and work hard to go back to his best. DON'T MISSReal Madrid have a chance to sign a better striker than Mbappe and wound Barcelona [TRANSFERS]Ten Hag has already failed first Sir Alex Ferguson test ahead of Man Utd move [COMMENT]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel's industrious XI to topple Arsenal as two workhorses return [TEAM NEWS}  "And I would say Marcus Rashford would need to stay as well. Those guys I think have got United in their heart but for the rest I think there is questions marks for all of them." Speaking after the Anfield defeat, Rangnick conceded the club will have to rebuild but insists focus is still on finishing this season strongly. He said: "There will be a rebuild for sure but that does not help us when we still have five games to play. "If you analyse the situation it is not difficult to analyse. For me, it is clear there will be six, seven, eight, maybe ten new players. Before you sign those players you need to be aware how you want to play."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here