The Prime Minister is now said to be eyeing up sending even more weapons shipments after pledging to send “more lethal” aid to Ukraine. This could involve sending new types of weapons. Admiral Sir Tony Radakin, chief of defence staff, said the UK was moving to a “new phase” with regard to the type of military equipment it could provide. But he did not specify which type of weapons Britain might send. A cabinet source said: “The Ukrainian army is not only holding big cities, but it is also forcing the Russians to retreat. Our support needs to change with that.” The Times reports that a defence source suggested Britain might send “longer-range deep fires”. This could involve M270 MLRS launchers, which are set to be upgraded with new components this month by Lockheed Martin Missiles and Fire Control The upgrade of 44 launchers were scheduled for use for the British Army, and involves high tech innovations being added to the systems. These include a new armoured cab and upgraded automotive with launch mechanism components. Also being added are UK-specific features like a vehicle camera and a radar system. The 44 updated launchers are also reportedly capable of firing the US-made Precision Strike Missile. The army announced on its website: “‘These weapons will place the British Army at the cutting edge of global deep fires capability, ready to respond to long-range air defence and missile threats presented by hostile actors.” But whether the army will be willing to send these over to Ukraine remains to be seen. READ MORE: Germany backs down and REFUSES to cut energy ties with Russia Also in Britain’s arsenal is the AS90, a 155mm self-propelled gun t fitted with a 155mm, 39-calibre gun barrel that can deliver a total payload of 261kg on to a single target in less than ten seconds. The British Army also has the M270B1 Multiple Launch Rocket System in its arsenal. It is said to provide pinpoint accuracy and is able to deliver a 200lb high explosive warhead to its target to distances extending up to 70 kilometres, remaining highly accurate due to its GPS guidance capability. The Desert Hawk is another weapon in the British Army’s arsenal that Mr Johnson might consider sending to Ukraine. It is a versatile and small uncrewed aerial system designed specifically for discrete operations. DON'T MISSCovid may cause brain damage even with only mild respiratory symptoms [REPORT] Ukraine weakens Putin’s energy stranglehold [INSIGHT] UK poised for Swiss green tech deal after nuclear fusion breakthrough [REVEAL] Britain has already sent more than 10,000 missiles to Ukraine, and has committed to sending 6,000 more. The UK has also reportedly sent over its Starstreak system, a highly portable, short-range air-defence system. This would help to defend Ukrainians from aerial bombings. But worryingly, Russia has said it will target UK weapons in the war. It came after a UK-made Starstreak missile was seen shooting down a Russian helicopter in a video shot in Ukraine. Russian ambassador to the UK, Andrey Kelin, said the heavy artillery and anti-ship missiles that the Ministry of Defence suggested it may send over could be targeted by the Russian forces on entrance to the country from the West.