Former Countdown presenter Nick Hewer, comedian Shazia Mirza, Paralympian Will Bayley, TV personality Scarlett Moffat, England cricket legend Monty Panesar, actress Louisa Clein and interior designer Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen embarked on an enlightening trek together in BBC's Pilgrimage. Speaking ahead of the show's release, Nick opened up on his hopes for the trek and the impact religion has had on his life. Agnostic Nick, non-conforming pagan Laurence and practising Sikh Monty trekked across Ireland, Northern Ireland and Scotland. They were joined by Louisa, who is Jewish, Christian Scarlett, Shazia, who is Muslim and Will, a lapsed Christian. The celebrities reflected on the trip to Express.co.uk and other press. Revealing his concerns prior to taking part, Nick said: "As an ex-smoker, I was very worried about it so there was the health thing." Read more: Nick Hewer had to be ‘rescued’ on BBC’s Pilgrimage 'Thought he’d died' "I kept up actually, well sort of kept up," he joked. "Having been immersed in Catholicism with the Jesuits at an early age, 10 for the usual seven years, it didn't stick. "And I remember as a child because I was brought up in England in a Protestant school here, a prep school, the bishop said, I had to go to Sunday school every Sunday. "I hated it so much I asked my brother to hit me on the head with a hammer so that I didn’t have to go." "He said, ‘Where?’ I said, ‘Anywhere but not too hard just a bump,'" he quipped. Nick went on to explain what he hoped to achieve from signing up to Pilgrimage. "I wanted a serious discussion about religion because I just can't do it and it was very interesting," he continued. "So it was the health thing, I wanted serious discussion, I wanted to find some sort of faith. DON'T MISS'Hit the floor' Countdown’s Nick Hewer, 78, details sudden 'fall'  [INTERVIEW]Emmerdale’s Louisa Clein details ’self-discovery’ on BBC’s Pilgrimage [INSIGHT]Pilgrimage: What religion are Nick Hewer and Scarlett Moffatt? [INSIGHT] "As I said at the time, my soul was available for the most compelling argument." During the 1,600km trek, the celebrities followed in the footsteps of St Columba, a key figure in British and Irish Christianity. Nick continued: "The mass in Derry wasn’t the mass that I remembered, which would have been in Latin. "The whole point of [it being in Latin] was because it was the same mass throughout the world so everybody was on the same page. "As soon as you start putting it into your own language the whole thing becomes dissembled," the Countdown presenter noted. "The Holy Roman Catholic Church, the issue [with it] was that it was tight and there was no deviation from it, and that's lost I think." Reflecting on the trek, Nick added: "I'm very happy not to have discovered God." Pilgrimage: The Road to the Scottish Isles continues on BBC Two on Friday at 9pm.