Seasoned antiquer and auctioneer Charles Hanson joined newbie Ochuko Ojiri on his Antiques Road Trip debut. This treasure-hunting tour kicked off in Yorkshire where the pair aimed to use their industry knowledge of antiques to buy the most peculiar hidden heirlooms. Sadly for the fresh-faced presenter Ochuko, his 1930s gold statue didn’t go down well at auction, leaving the BBC star “heartbroken” by its loss. Dealer, gallery owner and vintage enthusiast from London, Ochuko loves 20th-century art and hoped to impress co-star Charles with his new finds. Earlier in the programme, the newcomer looked around Market Rasen in Lincolnshire in the search of antiques. Ochuko picked up a golden statue of a 1930s nude lady, who was lying on one side above a thick slate rock, which held the piece together. Happy with what he saw, the presenter asked the shopkeeper: “I really like her, what would be your best price?” READ MORE:Only Fools and Horses' Raquel details 'strange' moment with co-star “Erm, I’ll take £60,” she told the BBC art expert. Eventually, after finding three objects of interest, the gold statue and two heavy decorative door knockers, all for £105, purchasing the statue for £10 less than originally bargained for, at a total of £50. Later, both Charlie and Ochuko were sitting outside the auction house, watching the events unfold from a tablet. Ochuku had called the bidders a “tough crowd” after several items had been unsuccessful amongst buyers, including Charles’s brown leather suite which had received no sale. Before the selling had begun for the golden statue, the art expert told his co-star: “I’d love to see 70 [for her].” Charles agreed: “Yeah, yeah,” before Ochuko followed with: “Nothing crazy.” The bidding began at £20 and with a quick start, the value rapidly increased to 25. Seeing the bids, Charles demanded: “We want the Art Deco 30!”  The auctioneer was seen informing the buyers the bid had reached £28: “A lovely piece for the money. “At £28, but if there is no more interest at £28, we will sell,” he went on to add before hammering down his gavel. Unfortunately for Ochuko, the statue hadn’t gone down as well as planned, having made a loss of £22. In the aftermath, the BBC host confessed he was “heartbroken” over his final purchase.   Speaking to his co-presenter, he said: “Do you know [I’m] heartbroken? “Because I loved her, I was IN LOVE with her,” the TV star jested. Charles said: “Do you know, you’ll fall in love again and again and again.” “And be hurt again and again,” Ochuko quipped to his BBC partner before Charles hit back with: “But love conquers all.” Antiques Road Trip airs weekdays at 4:30pm on BBC One.