Manchester United have reportedly decided there will be up to £200million to spend on new signings when Erik ten Hag arrives from Ajax this summer. If he didn't already, the Dutchman now knows the size of the task he will be faced with upon replacing Ralf Rangnick following the Red Devils' embarrassing 4-0 humiliation at the hands of Liverpool on Tuesday night. United were outclassed from the get-go before Rangnick declares the Reds had 25 "Formula One cars" as he cited the gulf in quality between the two sides. It's now clear that United's owners the Glazers will have to dip their hands deep into their pockets to aid Ten Hag with any potential rebuild - starting this summer. The Mirror are reporting that United are set to hand their new boss a £200m war chest in a bid to revamp the club's fortunes. Ten Hag is said to have told United chiefs that he wants assurances that he will have some level of control over transfers and signings. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims That's because he's keen to ensure the Red Devils do not repeat any of their mistakes of the past, having wasted bundles of cash. Interim boss Rangnick is set to move upstairs into a consultancy role at the end of the season and he has already ruled that United could make up to 10 summer additions to overhaul the squad. "There will be a rebuild for sure but that does not help us when we still have five games to play," Rangnick told Sky Sports after the 4-0 defeat to Liverpool. "If you analyse the situation it is not difficult to analyse. For me, it is clear there will be six, seven, eight, maybe ten new players. DON'T MISSWest Ham star Nikola Vlasic in tears after Burnley's Ashley Westwood suffers horror injuryAjax chief lets slip on Erik ten Hag's Man Utd verbal agreement - 'We tried everything'Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims "Before you sign those players you need to be aware how you want to play." United already know they will have to replace at least four players with Paul Pogba, Edinson Cavani, Juan Mata and Jesse Lingard all set to depart following the expiry of their contracts. Furthermore, Nemanja Matic has also confirmed that he will be looking to move on at the end of the campaign. That's without even considering the additional quality United will need to recruit in order to close the gap on their rivals. Ten Hag has already been strongly linked with a potential double raid on his current side Ajax. Antony and centre-back Jurrien Timber are believed to be of strong interest given their current influence on the Eredivisie side. The likes of Kalvin Phillips, Declan Rice and Jude Bellingham are also held in high esteem at Old Trafford. A striker is believed to be one of the main priorities, regardless of whether Cristiano Ronaldo stays or departs.