While the Ukraine-Russia war wages on, eyes remain on NATO and its respective member states for action and intervention in the ongoing conflict. NATO was formed in 1949 during the aftermath of World War 2 and has been at the heart of many political disputes ever since - including today’s Ukraine-Russia war. The treaty currently comprises 30 member states, and it’s only due to expand. NATO is an intergovernmental military alliance serving a purpose to “guarantee the freedom and security of its members through political and military means”. The treaty was signed to unite allies against any German or Soviet attack, and initially consisted of 12 countries in the West; Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Iceland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, the United Kingdom and the United States. As the years have gone by, the alliance has only expanded to now comprise a total of 30 countries; 27 in Europe, two in North America, and one in Eurasia. So, who is currently a member and is the Czech Republic one of them? READ MORE: NATO allies: Why are Finland and Sweden looking to join the alliance?  The Czech Republic, which is a landlocked country in central Europe, is indeed a member of NATO. Joining with Hungary and Poland in the same year, the Czech Republic became a member on March 12, 1999, and has been taking part in the work of different NATO bodies ever since its accession. In a statement from the Embassy of Czech Republic in London, it reads: “Membership in NATO determines Czech Republic's security policy in a decisive manner.  “Taking part in decision making that influences the security situation in the entire Euro-Atlantic area means assuming full responsibility for these decisions and readiness to carry them out.” The NATO KFOR mission in Kosovo, the EU ALTHEA operation in Bosnia-Herzegovina, and the NATO training mission to stabilise Iraq, are just few of the examples of the Czech Republic’s part in aiding NATO on its pursuits to safeguard security. In November 2002, Prague successfully hosted a historic NATO summit that determined the Alliance's direction for years to come. The 27 European countries, the two North American countries, and the one Eurasian country with NATO membership includes:   DON'T MISS: Putin 'crosses red line' with possible chemical weapon use [ANALYSIS]NATO conducts war games in 'nervous' EU state as Putin's invasion [INSIGHT]Andrew Neil pinpoints nightmare NATO scenario for Putin [EXPLAINED]     The ongoing conflict in Ukraine sparked due to Russian President Vladimir Putin’s fears that Ukraine, as a neighbour and country with close ties to Russia, was posing a threat with its ambitions to join the treaty. NATO countries have been publicly condemning Russia’s illegal invasion since the very beginning, but have swayed from physical intervention as a means not to exacerbate the already dire situation.   However, the Czech Republic reportedly sent tanks to Ukraine as of recent, making it the first NATO member to fulfil Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky’s requests for armoured vehicles to help protect the nation against Russian troops. Czech Television broadcast footage, which appeared to show a train carrying five T-72 tanks and five BVP-1 infantry fighting vehicles. The news outlet confirmed the Czech government had signed the donation off with its NATO allies. Ondrej Benesik, who runs the Czech lower house’s European affairs committee, confirmed the accuracy of the report, according to the broadcaster. Much to Putin’s consternation, interest in joining NATO has increased from a number of additional nations in response to the war. Moves are reportedly being made by Finland and Sweden to make a decision on membership (that they’ve historically opposed) in a matter of weeks. 