Manchester United have told Newcastle to pay a whopping £40million for No.2 goalkeeper Dean Henderson, according to reports. Henderson requested to leave the Red Devils in January amid interest from the Magpies but remained at Old Trafford.    Newcastle are one of a couple of clubs likely to go back in for the 25-year-old in the summer. However, Henderson, who rose to prominence on loan at Sheffield United two years ago, will not come cheap. The shot-stopper has endured a tough year at United. He appeared to have won the battle for the No.1 shirt midway through last season. But a hip injury that saw him withdraw from England’s Euro 2020 squad meant David De Gea regained his regular place in goal. The Spaniard has been United’s best player this season, limiting Henderson to just three appearances across all competitions. JUST IN: John Terry hits out at Pep Guardiola after Man City lose to Liverpool Henderson is likely to seek a departure at the end of the season, particularly as his place in Gareth Southgate’s World Cup squad hangs in the balance. Aaron Ramsdale has overtaken Henderson as the Three Lions’ second choice goalkeeper behind Jordan Pickford, while Nick Pope has forged a way back into the national team picture. The Daily Star claim that United will not relinquish the academy graduate cheaply, insisting that interested parties pay a staggering £40m. A fee around that figure would make him the most expensive English goalkeeper, pipping the £30m Arsenal paid for Aaron Ramsdale last summer. Interim head coach Ralf Rangnick revealed that Henderson wanted to leave in January but the German blocked an exit. Rangnick said during the winter transfer window: “A couple of weeks ago he asked me [if he could leave] but I told him I’d rather have him stay until the end of the season. We are very happy with our goalkeepers but if it’s up to me I wouldn’t want him to leave.” DON'T MISS...John Terry hits out at Pep Guardiola after Man City lose to LiverpoolArsenal boss Arteta makes 'world-class' transfer demand to boardMan City held 'secret meeting' with Erling Haaland agents An approach from Newcastle was turned down and the Magpies will reportedly re-enter the race for Henderson in the summer. The oil-rich Tyneside outfit have the best hope of matching the asking price and the player’s £100,000 per week salary. Newcastle struggled to recruit from the Premier League market in January, with rivals still fuming over their Saudi-backed takeover. United also turned down a big offer from Eddie Howe’s side for Jesse Lingard, even though the midfielder will leave for free at the end of the season. Howe is likely to look for a new goalkeeper with 32-year-old Martin Dubravka not being entirely convincing since the former Bournemouth boss’ arrival in November. Dubravka is the third shot-stopper to be used by the Toon Army this season - Freddie Woodman and Karl Darlow have also earned minutes.   