Sheryl Lloyd suffered multiple injuries, including a fractured nose, when Philip Smith, 33, attacked her in broad daylight. The thug was branded "cowardly" in court last week as he was jailed for two and a half years for assault of a person thereby occasioning actual bodily harm. Ms Lloyd, now 34, was walking from the park in Liscard, Merseyside, when she heard someone shouting. She then suffered a sustained attack which left her fearing for her life, reports Liverpool Echo. Graphic images show Ms Lloyd's "lip hanging off" after the attack, which left the woman requiring treatment in hospital in May 2019. Speaking at the time, the mum said: "It has traumatised me. I couldn't catch my breath and thought I was going to die." Liverpool Crown Court heard Smith was violent and had also commited wounding and grievous bodily harm without intent in a separate rage. Following his sentence, Ms Lloyd said: "All I have to say is that I’m glad it’s all over and that I don’t have to speak about this ever again. "I don’t dwell on any of it. I keep the faith that things always end up how they should in the end and they have. He is paying for what he done to me and all I look forward to now is a peaceful and happy life with my daughter."  Smith, from Wallasey, Merseyside, was sentenced to six months for the wounding and grievous bodily harm without intent for a separate incident to be served consecutively. Paul Parry, detective chief inspector at Merseyside Police, said: "This was an horrific and cowardly attack carried out on a woman in the street in broad daylight. "We welcome the fact Smith will now spend time behind bars, and I hope he will use his time in jail to reflect on the consequences of his actions. The victim was extremely traumatised by the attack. "She was left with extensive facial injuries and in the longer term, has been left feeling fearful and distressed. I hope Smith’s imprisonment will provide some comfort to his victim. "The sentencing shows that we at Merseyside Police won’t hesitate to act to make sure that men such as Smith, who feel it is acceptable to commit such appalling violence against women, are put behind bars. "Tackling Violence and Intimidation Against Women and Girls is a clear, immediate priority for us as a Force. As well as working tirelessly to target perpetrators, we are also focussed on ensuring we provide support for victims throughout the criminal justice process, promoting trust and confidence in the reporting process and focussing on evidence-led prosecutions where possible. "We are committed and continue to proactively work hard with our partners across Merseyside to make sure that public spaces are safe for women and girls, as well as support those who are faced with violence and sexual abuse." Police advice says: Anyone with information on domestic abuse can contact @MerPolCC, 101 or @CrimestoppersUK, anonymously on 0800 555 111. If someone is in immediate danger they should dial 999 and speak to an operator but there is an acceptance that openly speaking is not always an option. The Silent Solution is a service which means a vulnerable person can call 999 and alert us, by pressing ’55’ and coughing or tapping the handset. This will indicate that help is needed and we will respond.   