Christian Eriksen’s return to the Premier League has been nothing short of a fairytale. Uniting with Danish international teammates at Brentford has given the midfielder the opportunity to bounce back after being released by Inter Milan due to Serie A rules on the Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillators following his cardiac arrest at EURO 2020. Eriksen has impressed at the Brentford Community Stadium since returning to the English top-flight, helping to pull Thomas Frank’s side away from the relegation zone having looked in a precarious position pre-January transfer window. The midfielder has been key in the Bees’ recent successes, with a goal and an assist in five appearances not doing justice to how well he has played. And that good form has caught the attention of several sides, with Eriksen’s deal with Brentford only running until the end of the season. Reports have circulated there are numerous Premier League clubs interested in the former Tottenham star, with some speculating that the Dane could even return to North London. However, 90min claims that it is currently ‘unclear’ whether Eriksen is willing to return to Spurs given ‘the manner of his departure’. The playmaker spent seven years at the club previously before signing a pre-contract agreement with Inter Milan rather than extending his deal with Tottenham – though the Serie A side were managed by now-Spurs boss Antonio Conte at the time. READ MORE: Antonio Conte using same Romelu Lukaku trick on Kulusevski with two things banned Aston Villa, Crystal Palace and Newcastle are amongst the named clubs also interested in the 30-year-old. Brentford’s rivals Fulham – set to return to the Premier League next season – are also keeping tabs on the playmaker. However, it is not a foregone conclusion that Eriksen will leave Brentford and the West London side are ‘hopeful’ that he will sign an extension with the club. Manager Frank spoke earlier this month about the matter, explaining: “In any footballer’s decision to move clubs there are a lot of aspects. DON'T MISSArsenal chief Edu left with egg on his face after double Kulusevski mistake [OPINION]Dele Alli struggles blamed on Everton as Neil Warnock makes wild transfer claim [QUOTES]Barcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal talks for Arsenal star Gabriel [GOSSIP] “To be fair, I know Christian quite well and one thing he’s good at is just enjoying the moment. And I think he’s enjoying it even more so we are not thinking too much of what is going to happen in two or three months’ time. “I’m just very pleased he’s playing for us. It’s no secret that I want him to continue next season. I know Christian is enjoying his football and really enjoying being back. I know I will have to answer these questions until the end of the season, so let’s see what will happen.”