Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has pinpointed four of his players for special praise after Saturday's 'special' 1-0 win against Newcastle United. Naby Keita's first-half strike was the difference at St. James' Park to guide Liverpool back to the Premier League summit. In the early kick-off, the Reds entered dangerous Tyneside territory but halted Newcastle's six-game winning run on home turf with their latest dominant performance. A few half-threatening breaks aside, the Magpies were ousted as Keita's 19th-minute opener proved decisive. After full-time, Klopp highlighted Keita for special praise, as well as Joe Gomez, Andrew Robertson and Man of the Match James Milner. He told BT Sport: "You can have a team in form, a crowd who are waiting for ages for proper success, so coming here with five changes and building a new set-up is really difficult. So the performance was absolutely outstanding; I loved it. "We had some moments when we struggled because it's so difficult. The impact we have off the bench in-game is outstanding, We expect a lot, but the boys have to deliver. But Joe Gomez, what a game. Naby Keita, what a game. James Milner, what a game. Andrew Robertson, 93rd minute, running up, absolutely brilliant." JUST IN: Liverpool player ratings vs Newcastle: Milner and usual suspect shine  With the game falling in between Liverpool's Champions League semi-final clashes against Villarreal, Klopp rang the changes in search of maximum fitness and freshness while pursuing a stunning quadruple. Gomez replaced the ever-impactful Trent Alexander-Arnold, whilst Fabinho and Thiago Alcantara dropped out for Keita and Milner. Milner was named Man of the Match whilst Gomez expertly filled Alexander-Arnold's role, showcasing the wealth of depth Klopp has at his disposal. With their latest win, Liverpool leapfrogged Manchester City at the top of the Premier League table ahead of the latter's trip to Leeds United on Saturday evening. READ MORE: Liverpool told to capitalise on Virgil van Dijk's 'invincible' spell  The Reds defeated Villarreal 2-0 at Anfield in midweek, putting them in a strong position to progress to the 10th Champions League final in their history next month. Given his changes at Newcastle, Klopp is expected to return to a full-strength side in Spain next week. If Man City slip up at Elland Road, a first-time-ever quadruple would be in Liverpool's hands. Klopp's side have lifted the Carabao Cup, await an FA Cup final against Chelsea and could confirm their status in the Champions League showdown against City or Real Madrid in Paris on Wednesday. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.