Promoting the new series Rip Off Britain, Angela Rippon joined Sam Quek and Gethin Jones on Morning Live. The presenter detailed the devastation one couple featured on the show faced when their flat collapsed when building work on the home below led to cracks appearing. Gethin remarked: “Angela, you’re trying to help more people than ever before. “Going straight to it, I know you’re working hard helping people who were left homeless for months after their floor collapsed.” “That’s right, it was a family up in Southport, near Liverpool, ” Angela replied. “They live in a very nice house that’s been converted into apartments but because of work that was being done in the basement, the first floor absolutely collapsed down into the basement. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Cain Dingle discovers he's not Faith's son “Fortunately, nobody was hurt but the entire building had cracks in it and they were made homeless because the building was declared unfit. “They’ve spent now months sofa surfing, living in hotels, relying on the kindness of relatives and friends for homes. “At the same time they’re facing the nightmare of not knowing who is going to pay for the damage while they remain homeless. “The magic of Rip Off Britain came in because those three little words, Rip Off Britain, means were are able to open doors where people have been knocking their heads against a brick wall getting no response at all. “We have such a wonderful team of experts and our experts were able to come up with a solution for all of this and at the same time ensure anybody who lives in a flat who is a leaseholder gets very important information about their rights if ever they were put in a similar situation. “We have this magic, the three words Rip Off Britain and indeed one of our mantras is every programme we say, ‘We want your money to stay were it belongs, in your pocket and not in someone else’s!’” Rip Off Britain is returning to BBC One on Monday as Angela is joined by Julia Somerville and Gloria Hunniford to share the latest consumer advice. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes wades in as countryside branded racist [VIDEO]'Toxic place full of nasty people' Eamonn Holmes slams Twitter [WATCH]'Pensioners to lose £7800 a year' Eamonn Holmes rages at abandonment [LATEST] The series will once again runs or two weeks as the trio try to help families up and down the country. Touching on other issues they will deal with, Gloria explained how she look at how deaf cinema-goers are being ripped off. “We’re talking here about a lot of people because it’s one in five have deafness or are hard of hearing,” she explained. “We’ve been investigating the cinema, particularly a bunch of girls who love the cinema but can never get it right in terms of the words or the subtitles.” Gloria went on to detail how after putting their findings to the cinema chains, she received a response. “Some of them promised faithfully to up their subtitle screening viewings,” she said. “That was another success of Rip Off Britain!” Morning Live airs weekdays on BBC One from 9.15am.