Novak Djokovic will have an opportunity to get revenge over Rafael Nadal at the Rome Masters after losing to the Spaniard in last year’s final. Both players have been named on the entry list for the final big tournament before the French Open and are also listed to compete at the Madrid Masters, giving the world No 1 two chances to try and get a win over his rival ahead of the French Open. Djokovic’s name has appeared on the entry list for next month’s Rome Masters alongside Nadal, days after he was also listed as one of the participants for the upcoming Masters 1000 in Madrid. During the world No 1’s last outing in Italy, he was defeated by the Spaniard in the final as Nadal went on to lift a record 10th title at the tournament. With the world No 4 currently sidelined as he recovers from a rib injury he picked up in Indian Wells, Djokovic will be looking to capitalise on what is expected to be the early stages of Nadal’s comeback and get revenge for last year’s final defeat. The Spaniard announced that he would be out for four to six weeks after suffering a stress fracture in his rib and is expected to be back in time for Madrid on May 1 and Rome on May 8 following that timeframe. There is also a chance Djokovic could end up missing one of both of the Masters 1000 tournaments over his unvaccinated status. The world No 1 appeared on the entry list for Indian Wells and was even placed in the draw before being forced to withdraw as he was unable to travel to the United States and compete. JUST IN: Alcaraz fails to emulate Djokovic and Nadal with Monte Carlo defeat  He has a better chance of making it to the two clay Masters however, with Spain accepting proof of recovery from Covid in the last six months and Italy accepting the same or a negative Covid test. Before being deported from Australia at the start of the year, Djokovic entered on the basis that he had recovered from Covid infection in December which would still be valid to enter Spain and Italy. There is also a chance Nadal could be forced to pull out of one or both of the tournaments as he continues his injury recovery, after his team announced his withdrawal from next week’s ATP 500 in Barcelona and admitted the Spaniard was yet to return to on-court training with a racket. DON'T MISSDjokovic defended by Federer's ex-coach after shock Monte Carlo lossRoddick wrong about Djokovic prediction after Monte Carlo defeatDjokovic suffers career first he'll want to forget in Monte Carlo loss  Both players will be keen to get some match wins under their belts ahead of the French Open, where Djokovic is the defending champion after beating Nadal in last year’s semi-final and where the Spaniard is a record 13-time champion. Having lost his opening match in Monte Carlo in what was just his second tournament of the year, the world No 1 will be gunning to get as much competitive play in as he can before playing his first Major tournament of 2022. Also appearing on the Rome entry list is world No 2 Daniil Medvedev, who is likely to miss the entire clay season after undergoing a surgery for a small hernia he had been playing with for several months, confirming he would be out of competition for one to two months as a result. Before both Masters tournaments, Djokovic will benefit from getting some more matches at next week’s Serbia Open, held in his own Novak Tennis Centre in Belgrade, something that could give him an edge over Nadal if they were to face off in Madrid or Rome. 