At the end of March, the Duke of York, 62, played a pivotal role in a royal event as he accompanied the Queen, 95, to a memorial service for her late husband and his late father Prince Philip. The monarch was brought in a side entrance beside Poets’ Corner in Westminster Abbey – a move planned to help alleviate stresses following recent mobility concerns. As she entered, the monarch clutched her son’s arm and a walking stick. The occasion marked a rare public appearance for the Duke who was recently stripped of his military titles and royal patronages. It marked his first appearance since he settled in his civil sexual assault case brought by his accuser, Virginia Giuffre. The act to settle, while not an admission of guilt, effectively bought the case to a close. Since then there’s been speculation that Andrew could be front and centre at other events on the royal calendar this year, with the Duke allegedly planning to be at his mother's side at events in the coming months. Swirling rumours speculated that the Duke will accompany Her Majesty to the Derby over the Platinum Jubilee weekend. However, the mixed-bag response to his appearance at his father’s memorial service and the scrutiny he has faced for sharing a reflective post about the Falklands War using his HRH title has dashed any hopes of a royal life return, according to reputation expert and royal commentator Eric Schiffer. Mr Schiffer, who is Chairman of Reputation Management Consultants, claims seeing Andrew at any of the events celebrating the Queen’s historic reign is an unlikely feat. He told Express.co.uk: “The odds of seeing Prince Andrew at the Jubilee are the same as Martians landing on the Mall to honour Her Majesty.” READ MORE: Prince Harry and Prince William 'collateral damage' in Royal feud Mr Schiffer’s comments come as a source claims the Duke “doesn’t seem to understand the public outcry” that arose from his appearance at his father’s memorial. A source told The Sun on Sunday newspaper: “He was meant to stay invisible during the Platinum Jubilee so there is no way he will be at events like Trooping the Colour. “But the Queen needs a chaperone on all occasions at the moment due to her mobility issues and Andrew has earmarked the Derby as the one he will accompany her at. He just doesn’t seem to understand the public outcry. ”Last weekend, the Duke came under further scrutiny after a series of posts were shared on his behalf on his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson’s Instagram account. Across the three posts, the Queen’s son penned more than 700 words reflecting on the 40th anniversary of his leaving to serve in the Falkland War with the Royal Navy. DON'T MISS Prince Harry 'not marrying' Meghan Markle debunked as expert weighs in [REVEAL] Meghan Markle 'likely to raise eyebrows' with new legal move - expert [ANALYSIS] Do you think William and Kate should move closer to the Queen? [POLL] In the posts, Andrew said that he entered the conflict “full of bravado” and returned a “changed man”. The message was signed off with his HRH title which he is not to use in any official capacity after being stripped of his military titles and patronages amid his sexual assault civil case. Later Sarah’s post was amended to remove “HRH” and then the post as a whole was hastily deleted just hours later. The posts raised eyebrows with many, including US Weekly hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross who spoke about the Duke's posts in a recent episode.Ms Ross described the posts as "very cringey” before adding: "He could not read the room on how people are feeling about him right now." Mr Garibaldi said: "He really just needs to kind of remove himself from the situation." Ms Ross then added: "He needs to lay low and take a step back.” Royal author Robert Jobson also described the posts as an “odd move”. Andrew initially made headlines back in 2019 for his association with convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. Later that year, the Duke announced that he was stepping back from his royal duties for the “foreseeable future” and only appeared at just a small number of royal events including his father, Prince Philip’s funeral in April 2021. Since then, a civil case brought against him in the US by Virginia Giuffre has hung over the Royal Family. Andrew vehemently denies all claims made against him by Ms Guiffre. In February, the Duke reached an out-of-court settlement with Ms Giuffre, which was not an admission of guilt. He also apologised for his ties to Epstein in a letter to a New York City court at the time.