The Pension Age Disability Payment, which was previously known as Disability Assistance for Older People, will be rolled out in the next few years. Similar to Attendance Allowance, the payment will assist those of state pension age who have a disability or long-term health condition. Their disability or condition must be deemed severe enough that they need additional help with caring for themselves, or supervision to keep them safe. Unlike most other benefits for state pensioners, which are awarded by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), the Pension Age Disability Payment will be administered by Social Security Scotland. To receive this support, claimants must meet specific eligibility requirements that involve the state of their disability or health condition. As well as being of the state pension age or older, recipients of the payment must have had their condition for at least six months. While more information needs to be published about the Pension Age Disability Payment, it is expected that the eligibility rules will remain similar to Attendance Allowance. READ MORE: State pension mapped: The areas where you could retire for less  Official confirmation about the full rollout of the payment has yet to be confirmed, it is anticipated that the full transfer of benefits. Claimants of Attendance Allowance in Scotland will be automatically moved over to the new payment. All decisions regarding the new disability payment will be made by officials at Social Security Scotland. They will use the applicant's account of their circumstances and existing supporting information to come to a decision. Contrary to past assessments for disability payments conducted by the DWP, face-to-face assessments will not take place when determining eligibility for the Pension Age Disability Payment. However, applicants will need to show important supporting information that will be used as evidence for their claim. Examples of supporting information can include: In its role as a devolved Government department, Social Security Scotland will be responsible for getting information from various sources recommended by the applicant. All applicants are encouraged to provide the best supporting information that is most relevant in individual cases. Social Security Scotland has promised that the rate of the Pension Age Disability Payment will be similar to the current amount received from Attendance Allowance. This rate of disability benefit support will increase in line with inflation each year. The payment will include a higher and lower rate which will be awarded depending on the individual case of each applicant. For the 2022/23 tax year, Attendance Allowance is paid at £61.85 per week for the lower rate. The higher rate stands at £92.40 per week. Further information on benefit payments provided by the Scottish Government can be found on the Social Security Scotland website.