Britain's Got Talent made its return last weekend following a two-year hiatus and fans were thrilled to see the ITV show back on their screens. Hosts Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly were back to front the programme, while Simon Cowell, David Walliams, Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon took their seats on the judging panel. Simon decided to cancel last year’s BGT due to the coronavirus pandemic although it was meant to be the music mogul's first TV comeback since his horrific bike accident in LA. Simon has produced and been a judge on the talent show since 2007 and when it first started, he sat on the panel alongside Piers Morgan, Sharon Osbourne and Amanda. The 62-year-old has changed the judging panel over the years and often invites celebrity guests to sit alongside him. However, the judges have stayed the same since 2012, which is when David and Alesha joined the show. READ MORE: Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’ Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk and other press, Simon discussed whether he would shake up the judging panel in the future. "When you judge in a show like this, no one can possibly be an expert," Simon admitted. "All the stuff we see... I mean it's like you see everything, so it's just who has got a strong opinion, and who hopefully is saying what the public are saying at home. "Because I'm judging these acts and I go ‘What do I know about these acts? Not much’ but I would hopefully [like] what the people at home will like." Simon's comments came after his co-star Amanda joked about the music mogul signing her up for another 20 years on BGT and warning she couldn't be replaced. "I’ve got my contracts here, I’m getting them signed - that’s why I’m here," Amanda said. Simon confirmed: “I’m not kidding, she turned up with contracts!” “Sign it!” Amanda warned Simon. “Twenty years, I’ve asked for!” DON'T MISS...'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview [VIDEO]Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’  [INSIGHT]Where are John and Anne Darwin now? [CAST] The dad of one went on to speak about whether he would ever walk away from the talent show. "Oh god yeah," Simon explained. "I mean, anytime I think no one's gonna turn up [to auditions] any more or the shows are going to get worse, of course, I would do that. "I have always been like that throughout my life. The [two-year] gap definitely made a difference. "It was feeling a little bit routine and it's a huge setup this show to make it so having that extra time, we all appreciate it more now." "I'm praying obviously that the audience feels the same way when it comes back on," he added. Last weekend, Simon and Amanda pressed their golden buzzers for the first time in the series. Amanda was blown away by The Greatest Showman singer Loren Allred, while Simon was impressed by comedian Axel Blake. Britain's Got Talent returns on Saturday at 8pm on ITV.