The Government is looking to ban the sale of new petrol and diesel cars from 2030, with a similar ban affecting hybrid vehicles coming in 2035. In response to this, Express.co.uk readers have been making their frustrations known, saying the plan will unfairly impact drivers. One reader, using the nickname PoliteDwarf, said: “When you can ‘fill up’ an EV in about three minutes and get 500 miles out of a ‘tank’ I might consider one. “However I think this is more to do with restricting the freedom of the masses by making private travel unaffordable for a large chunk of the population.” Fredrika Klaren, Head of Sustainability at Polestar, said Governments and car manufacturers have to do more to reduce emissions from petrol and diesel cars. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, she said: “I think people can sense now that buying a fossil fuel car is not a smart financial decision. READ MORE: Drivers warned as holding up traffic could lead to massive £5,000 fine “I see that knowledge bubbling and trickling down to the consumers now, but still we’re seeing these targets that are way off from big industry players. “I heard someone saying that it would not be realistic to have a target that's earlier. Many OEMs have pledged to transition to EVs by 2035 in some markets.” Another reader, under the handle DanLud, slammed the Government for this ambitious target, saying there are better, alternative measures that could be used instead. They added: “Yet another restriction on freedom by a minority imposing their will, in this case, out of touch and incompetent politicians seeking a legacy. DON'T MISSFurious driver fined £170 for parking in their own car park [SHOCKING]New EU driving rule could cost up to £2500 if broken [WARNING]Motorists can be hit with £1,000 fine if they suffer from hay fever [INSIGHT] “Everything has its day and moves on, fossil fuel is a one off with limited resources and will in time be replaced by new technologies. “The world will change together, you cannot make one nation change in a world that simply doesn't. “More sensible would be limiting the power and speed of all vehicles, heavy, gas-guzzlers removed forever. “Make the standard for all new cars a minimum of 50mpg achieved every trip, or similar. “Cars that exceed the 70mph speed limit should not be allowed anymore. “Finally, perhaps these new regulations banning carbon fuels will take effect after the electorate bans the politicians applying them?” A third user, Scouser In Scotland, questioned the cost of new electric vehicles, especially with the varying cost of a second hand EV. They said: “The Tesla that is mentioned is now £42,000. A neighbour just got an electric car at £25,000. “No way am I paying that for a car… “I suppose by 2030 there will be second hand ones for sale, but for what cost?” The 2030 sales ban will not affect second-hand cars, with petrol and diesel cars still being able to change hands on the used market after the cut off date in 2030. The Government is making these changes to ensure it reaches its goal of being net zero by 2050, one of the most ambitious emissions projects in the world.