Financial journalist Lucy Burton said "it has become evident that bringing London to Paris after Brexit is far from easy", adding that the financial capital has "not lost its glory". She said: "London, like any European city, is unique. "Its prized financial sector has been the envy of rival hubs for decades, but it is now becoming evident that while it is possible to chip away at this success, it cannot be easily replicated. "The Brexit battle for business will continue to bubble away, but many in London will want to stay. "There are plenty of things to love about Paris, but it is not always a good idea." Since the UK voted to leave the EU in 2016, Mr Macron has attempted to set Paris up as the new financial capital. In 2018, French politician Agnès Evran said: "Brexit has created an historic opportunity for the Paris region to position itself as a credible alternative to London." This came after the Mr Macron's government announced a scheme to offer language lessons to finance sector workers and their families. The same year, the President delivered a speech in English, urging 140 bosses of multinational corporations such as Goldman Sachs, Facebook, Google and Coca-Cola to "choose France". Meanwhile, 15 members of the French government conducted "speed dating" sessions with foreign bosses to gain a better understanding of their needs and attract new business. But the number of finance jobs that shifted from Britain to the EU as a result of Brexit has turned out to be lower than expected. Before the 2016 referendum, PwC predicted that as many as 100,000 financial jobs could disappear. That would have amounted to one in five of all City jobs. LIVE UPDATES: Brexit LIVE: 'Missing the point' Expert slaps down claims EU exit chao But last week, EY's Brexit Tracker revealed that there have been just 7,000 relocations in total. Writing in the Telegraph about Mr Macron's efforts to attract international business, Ms Burton said: "Paris has its disadvantages too. "Insiders at banks that have opened new EU hubs in the city because of Brexit admit that there has been 'lots of reticence' from those told they have to relocate. "The selling point for many banks is how well connected Paris is to London, meaning bankers forced to move can get the train back on weekends if their families choose to stay. "One executive who has relocated says he has struggled to make friends and now wants to go back, while a senior investor who visits Paris often for work meetings says he would not want to live there because he finds it unwelcoming to those not fluent in French. DON'T MISS: British intelligence 'beating Russia at own game' in propaganda war [INSIGHT] Putin issues wheat threat - could spark second global supply shortage [ANALYSIS] Germany economy in tatters as Eurozone inflation hits new record [REVEAL] "While many will disagree and find themselves completely seduced by the city, it has become evident that bringing London to Paris after Brexit is far from easy. "The Square Mile might be bruised by Brexit, but it has not lost its glory. "More bankers have stayed in London than previously expected, with data from EY last week showing that the number of Brexit-related job moves from the UK to other parts of Europe since the 2016 referendum now stands at just over 7,000 – a fraction of estimates made after the vote." She added: "London remains Europe’s dominant financial centre based on factors such as (relative) political stability, labour market flexibility, quality of life, infrastructure and innovation, a ranking by think tank Z/Yen Group found last week. "It was ranked second only to New York globally, while Paris came in at 11th place. "There is still time for Paris to chip away at London’s financial status, but further obstacles are ahead."