Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has several big selection calls to make as his side hope to overcome their 3-0 thumping by Crystal Palace with a win against Brighton on Saturday. There could be a change at left-back, where Nuno Tavares’ woes continued against the Eagles, while a fresh injury concern could see some midfield changes.    This is the team Express Sport thinks Arteta might choose. Goalkeeper: Aaron Ramsdale Ramsdale has long displaced Bernd Leno as Arsenal’s No.1 and has largely played well since his £25million summer move. Continued good form could see him become the first-choice England shot-stopper. However, the 23-year-old could have done better for Palace’s first goal on Monday. He was caught out of position as Joachim Andersen squared for Jean-Philippe Mateta to head home. But he surely starts against Brighton. JUST IN: Everton squad have 2 issues with 'clueless' Lampard amid drop fears Defenders: Cedric Soares, Ben White, Gabriel, Granit Xhaka One of Arteta’s biggest decisions comes in defence where summer signing Tavares has struggled in successive outings. He was caught out for Palace’s opening two goals and was hauled off at half-time. Tavares’ previous appearance was the FA Cup defeat by Nottingham Forest, in which he was withdrawn 10 minutes before the break. Arsenal need a positive run of form heading into the last few weeks of the season and they cannot afford another poor display from the 22-year-old. With Kieran Tierney out for “weeks”, according to Arteta, Xhaka could move from midfield and into left-back. He played there for the second half at Selhurst Park and might start there against Brighton. Takehiro Tomiyasu remains absent until the end of the month so Soares will continue on the right of a back four. White and Gabriel are unlikely to be dropped having formed an impressive partnership at centre-back. DON'T MISS...Mohamed Salah throws Liverpool future into further doubtMan Utd 'have approached Everton for Richarlison' but face competitionMan Utd icon Robin van Persie 'turns down' assistant role in blow Midfielders: Albert Sambi Lokonga, Martin Odegaard, Emile Smith Rowe Xhaka’s potential move into defence will mean a reshuffle in midfield. Arteta’s selection headache is made worse by an injury suffered by Thomas Partey at Palace. A thigh issue has been described as “significant” by Arteta. Partey and Xhaka have formed an excellent relationship at the base of midfield, so a total break up of the pair could prove tricky to deal with. Lokonga could earn a rare start, while Odegaard might be forced to move back from a No. 10 role and play deeper in midfield. That would allow Smith Rowe to shift infield from the left and play in a more advanced central position.    Attackers, Bukayo Saka, Alexandre Lacazette, Gabriel Martinelli Smith Rowe’s move into midfield could allow Martinelli to come back into the team. The Brazilian had has often been rotated with Smith Rowe for the left-wing role. There is pressure on captain Lacazette to break his goal drought against Brighton. The Frenchman has not found the net from open play in 2022, scoring his only goal from the penalty spot against Leicester in March.   