Rising costs have priced millions of Britons out of the housing market for years now, with a generation of renters discouraged from getting their foot on the ladder. House prices have only grown over the last year following disruption from Covid between 2020 and 2021 - a trend many fear will continue in 2022. As people reckon with the rapidly deepening cost of living crisis, experts have provided varying predictions of events to come. The Office for National Statistics (ONS) released its UK House Price Index for February in mid-April. ONS data showed that average house prices increased by 10.9 percent, up from 10.2 percent on the previous month. Average prices had settled at £277,000 that month, £27,000 higher than the same point in 2021. READ MORE: Can house prices go too high? When will prices finally fall? While good news for sellers, those figures will make for sobering reading for anyone hoping to buy. Those positions could soon change, according to experts, as the housing market may reach its peak in 2022. UK house price growth "must be close" to a peak, according to Tom Bill, the head of UK residential research at Knight Frank estate agency. He told The Times the cost-of-living squeeze, coupled with rising mortgage rates, will "pull prices back down to earth". Those hoping for prices to fall as much as they have risen appear out of luck, at least for now. Experts believe that any losses within the market will seem poultry by comparison, within the single percentage point range. Economist Karl Thompson, who works at the Centre for Economics and Business Research (CEBR), said that when prices start falling in 2023, they will only drop around two percent. Other property experts believe prices will continue to grow, but at a much-reduced rate. Estate agents with Savills have predicted growth in 2022 to settle around 3.5 percent, dropping to three percent in 2023. Zoopla has produced similar estimates with a projected growth rate of three percent next year. Halifax has the lowest growth forecasts, predicting rates will settle between zero and two percent in 2023.