Dylan McDermott has just wrapped up his two-season stint as Richard Wheatley, the slimy businessman with close ties to the Mafia in the new Law and Order spin-off, Organized Crime. After facing off against Elliot Stabler (played by Christopher Meloni) for the final time, the TV star will be swapping the NBC drama for an exciting new lead role on CBS in FBI: Most Wanted. Law and Order star Dylan has promised fans they’ll completely "forget" his performance as Richard when he joins the cast of FBI. The actor will first appear in this Tuesday’s episode of the Dick Wolf spin-off, replacing former series lead Julian McMahon as Jess LaCroix. After a streak of playing flawed supporting characters and screen villains, Dylan will take on a heroic role as the FBI’s new Supervisory Special Agent, Remy Scott. However, Dylan understands many viewers will find it difficult to separate his character from his recent turn as Organized Crime’s principal antagonist. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry He revealed: “I’ve been reading comments online, people saying, ‘Oh, it’s too soon!’ “‘He’s Richard Wheatley, the bad guy!’ And I relish it because I think it’s amazing that people actually do believe that I’m him, I’m that character.” While most Law and Order villains only stick around for one or two episodes, the new spin-off took a slightly different approach. Dylan recurred as Richard in 15 episodes across the show’s two seasons before he was killed off in his last appearance. Although his body wasn’t recovered, he almost certainly died when his ex-wife Angela (Tamara Taylor) drove their car off a cliff after discovering he had murdered their son, Richie (Nick Creegan). His arc in the NBC franchise came to a fitting conclusion, but Dylan has assured viewers they won’t want his next character to suffer a similar fate when they tune in to FBI on Tuesday. “I just love that because now they’re going to see me in a completely different light,” he continued in his interview with TVLine. “These are wildly different people, with wildly different agendas in life.” DON'T MISS:Reacher star Alan Ritchson on differences to original Tom Cruise film [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Gene to free Kim from prison [SPOILERS]The Rookie fans ‘distraught’ as Lucy relives harrowing kidnapping [REACTION] Dylan certainly has big shoes to fill as the new face of FBI’s first spin-off. Former lead Julian’s performance as fan-favourite Jess helped the series maintain its success over three seasons, so the pressure is on for the newcomer to deliver. Replacing a show’s lead midway through a season will be no small task, especially coming so soon after a long stint as a villain in another equally popular primetime drama. Thankfully, Dylan is more than up to the task and insisted his performance as Richard will quickly fade away when FBI fans are introduced to Remy. “I know I’ve been playing questionable people, and now it was time to play someone good again — and Remy Scott is that character. “I think you're going to quickly forget about Richard Wheatley by the end of [the episode]. You’re going to be like, ‘This is Remy Scott.'” Hopefully, Dylan lives up to his promise in his debut on Tuesday, as he may have to lead a full season if Remy proves popular enough to return for FBI’s as yet unconfirmed fourth outing. Law and Order: Organized Crime season 2 continues Thursdays on NBC. FBI: Most Wanted season 3 continues Tuesdays on CBS. UK release dates have yet to be announced.