Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta admits he wishes he had a prolific goalscoring striker but concedes he has to put up with what he's got for the remainder of the season. Alexandre Lacazette has scored just four Premier League goals this term and is yet to register a goal from open play in 2022. The departure of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in January meant Eddie Nketiah was the only other recognised striker in Arteta's squad. Nketiah has failed to score in the Premier League so far this season but only made his first start in the competition last Saturday. Arteta was asked about the form of his two forwards in an interview with Sky Sports' Gail Davis ahead of the trip to Chelsea on Wednesday. Speaking about Lacazette, Davis said to Arteta: "He's not scored in open play since December 11." But before Davis could expand on her question, the Spaniard interrupted. He admitted he would love to have a striker banging in the goals but he must settle with what he has at his disposal. READ MORE: Man Utd hero Silvestre claims there are only five players Erik ten Hag should keep  Arteta said: "But this is what we have and this is the reality. I wish I had 40 goals in the team. If I know I had three players in the squad in the next seven games are going to score 21 goals, I go to sleep very nice and say 'oh tomorrow is going to be great'." Both Lacazette and Nketiah are out of contract in the summer and they have each spoken about their futures in recent interviews. Lacazette has admitted he is talking to other clubs over a potential free transfer. But despite the Frenchman skippering the Gunners, Arteta insists he does not have a problem with him holding discussions elsewhere. He said: "Well, his contract situation allows him to make the decision about the future. DON'T MISSMan Utd have four striker options after Haaland 'agrees terms' with Man City [TRANSFERS]Ten Hag has already failed first Sir Alex Ferguson test ahead of Man Utd move [COMMENT]Real Madrid have a chance to sign a better striker than Mbappe and wound Barcelona [TRANSFERS]  "We have expressed clearly what our intention is, to speak in the summer when we know where we are and what we’re going to do in the future together, and for the rest I just want him fully focused on his duty, which is now defending Arsenal in the best possible way like he’s done all the time when he’s been with us, and that’s why he’s been wearing the armband of this football club, so that’s a big risk." Lacazette was back in training on Tuesday after missing Saturday's loss to Southampton after testing positive for COVID-19.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here