The Government is currently reviewing the state pension age and whether the current thresholds need to be amended. Any further changes to the state pension age could alter retirement plans for millions of Britons. The UK state pension age currently stands at 66. As life expectancy grows in the UK, state pension changes are implemented to reflect this. There are two increases already set out in legislation to be implemented in the coming years. By 2028, the state pension age will rise to 67 for those born on or after April 1960. READ MORE: ‘I’m in awe of you’ - Dragons’ Den cast ‘emotional’ after heartfelt pitch for £60,000 Another increase is then set to take place between 2044 and 2046 for those born on or after April 1977, taking the state pension age to 68. The current state pension age review is the second to take place, after the first was undertaken in 2017. At the first review, it was decided that the next review should consider whether to bring the increase to age 68 forward to between 2037 and 2039. If the Government does decide this is the right course of action, it could mean millions more people having to wait until age 68 to get their state pension. DON'T MISSState pension warning: Britons urged to check record to ensure they get full sum [WARNING]State pension to rise by £700 as triple lock is BACK - now pensioners must fight for it [STATE PENSION]State pension increase: Grandparents could boost their sum by up to £2,340 [INSIGHT] The review must be published by May 7, 2023. The Pensions Act 2014 requires the Government to regularly review the state pension age. The Government states on its website that it will consider whether their decisions are: “Robust, fair and transparent for taxpayers now and in the future”. It also committed to ensuring that as the population becomes older, the state pension continues to “provide the foundation for retirement planning and financial security”. The Government states that this review will: Anyone who is unsure on their state pension age can use the Government website to check what theirs is expected to be. The website can tell them their projected state pension age and the date they will reach it. They can also check when they will become eligible for free bus travel. Of course, these dates could change if there are further alterations to the plans for the state pension age.