Starz’s hit romance series Outlander came to a jaw dropping end after it was revealed Malva Christie (played by Jessica Reynolds) was pregnant. After stating Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) was the father of her child, the actress unveiled the truth behind her character’s claims.  Although season six is expected to be the shortest instalment with only eight episodes, the series returned with a number of unexpected storylines, including newcomer Malva’s pregnancy. She came to Fraser’s ridge alongside her brother Allan Christie (Alexander Vlahos) and adoptive father Tom Christie (Mark Lewis Jones). While tensions between the Christie family and the Fraser’s were hinted at ahead of the premiere things appeared to be going well. However, in an unexpected turn of events, Malva revealed she was pregnant with Jamie’s baby.  READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts She claimed to have gotten pregnant while his wife Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) was fighting for her life after a mystery illness had swept the country. Although Jamie vehemently denied having an affair with Malva, Claire couldn’t help but be heartbroken by the betrayal. Not only at the prospect of Jamie cheating but also at Malva’s betrayal because she took her in as an apprentice in her surgery. While Claire tried to recover from the sickness which killed a number of people, turmoil ensued between both families.   Just when things couldn't possibly get any worse, they did. Later on in the episode, Claire found Malva lying down in the Fraser’s garden with her throat slit. Claire instantly went into nurse mode and tried to at least save the unborn baby but it was too late. While it remained a mystery as to who had her killed right after she announced she was pregnant, the true identity of her child's father was hinted at by the actress.  DON'T MISS...Carole Malone erupts in firey election debate over Partygate row [NEWS]Outlander season 6: Malva star hints at return [INSIGHT]Outlander fans spot clue proving Jamie is not father of Malva's baby [THEORY] In an interview with Entertainment Weekly, Reynolds was asked about the two mysteries and whether they would unravel. The actress responded: “Yeah, I'm sure we'll find out at some point, it's in the books, isn't it? “You can look it up. But no, don't. Save it. But yeah, there has to be some sort of conclusion, right?” “I just love seeing the debate of Malva and this frustration over her, it's brilliant,” she remarked.  “Let's keep up this chat about her and whether she's good or bad, or justified or not. “It's so interesting to discuss, even on a psychology level,” Reynolds concluded. Outlander is the on screen adaptation of a series of best-selling novels written by Diana Gabaldon and season six is based on her sixth book ‘A Breath of Snow and Ashes.’ The upcoming eighth episode will also be the finale, hopefully, fans will gain some insight into Malva’s mystery. Outlander is available on Starz in the USA and on Starzplay in the UK. 