Ryanair passengers were left panicking yesterday as the airline’s app showed several flights as ‘cancelled’ or failed to provide any live updates on flights. To add to this, those who were trying to check in online, or customers wanting to book future flights were unable to do so because of a system outage. As a result, many passengers fled to other airlines to book last minute flights to ensure they could get away, only to be told their original Ryanair flight was still going ahead. Holidaymakers who were making last-minute checks on the app, and those who had already arrived at the airport reported their flights were cancelled according to the Ryanair app - even though the flights on the departures board were said to be going ahead as planned. The error caused confusion amongst travellers with many taking to Twitter to try and get a response from the airline. Some passengers even booked new flights with other airlines in a last ditch attempt to be able to head abroad, only to be told by Ryanair their original flight was still going ahead. The company apologised for the problem and said they were working to solve the issue, but many customers were out of pocket. Kate Tilston took to Twitter to ask: “@Ryanair we are trying to find out if our flight has been cancelled. The app says no, the website says yes? How do we find out?” READ MORE: Village with population of just 3,000 home to UK's best restaurant Hazel Maw wrote: “@Ryanair due to fly from newcastle to poland today but flight showed as cancelled on the app so we refunded. It is now showing as operating!! What do we do and can you call me as I can't get through.” Dionne commented: “Looks like the app is down, all flights have been cancelled on the app but showing on the departures at the airport.” Alex vented: “I hate flying with @Ryanair. Their crappy app is broken do while it's telling everyone that their flight is cancelled, all the boards are saying otherwise!!” Patrick Doyle also helped out some other panicked passengers by reassuring them: “Its happening with various flights on the Ryanair app. I am at airport currently and all of the flights seem fine on the board... but various flights on the app say cancelled.” DON'T MISS... Sunniest beach in the UK named for Easter heatwave [LIST]Family distraught after spending £2k on 'atrocious' Corfu holiday [REACTION]UK hot weather forecast: Hottest day of the year set for THIS WEEKEND [FORECAST] Mark Chambers who was at the airport said: “Managed to find a Ryan air rep and flight not cancelled as apparently it’s an app fault. Hopefully passengers haven’t left because of this!” Larissa Zenteno gave some insight into the situation “@Ryanair_ES @Ryanair just confirmed that the flight fr5052 indeed was not cancelled and its a bug on their system today.” Another social media user wondered: “@Ryanair Will you refund people who were told via your app and website that their flight was cancelled and had to book a new flight??? Terrible customer experience.” Someone else asked: “@Ryanair what do you plan for customers who really believed that their flight was cancelled and who have already applied for a refund???" Eoin Browne wrote: “@askryanair Travelling tomorrow morning, the @ryanair App and website tells me the flight is cancelled, I've been forced to made alternative plans @askryanair chat (real person not a bot) couldn't confirm that this was glitch. I am now +€300+ out of pocket.” Kirsty Macpherson tweeted: “Same situation as many others. I have booked with Jet2 for double the original price I had paid with Ryanair as the app and the website stated my flight was cancelled. I’m not having ‘if you didn’t receive an email then your flight is still going ahead’ as an excuse.” Sofia echoed other passengers: “Same as other customers, I had to book a different same day flight thinking that Ryanair had cancelled my and my friends flights. We spent 400 pounds extra on this. What do you plan to do about this? @Ryanair @askryanair.” Eli Maman said: “Hi, had to book a new flight with another airline for double the price because of this error. No information available in the airport and no info available online at the time. Will be hoping for some compensation for this but who knows!”  Ryanair released a statement with details for customers. It read: "Due to a reservations system failure today [Thursday April 14] at approx. 12pm, our reservations system for April & our online check-in system are temporarily inaccessible. “We are working with our reservations system provider, Navitaire, to restore these systems as soon as possible. "Any passengers who have not already checked in online, may have difficulty doing so for the next couple of hours and they can check in at the airport free of charge while we restore the Navitaire system.