Tennis maverick Nick Kyrgios has revealed a death threat he received on Instagram as he called out such abuse on social media. The Australian is a divisive figure off the court due to his exuberant personality and antics and received several unpleasant messages in the wake of his latest defeat. Kyrgios, who lost in the semi-finals of the ATP Houston event to Reilly Opekla, screenshot a message sent to him over Instagram. User xcr13 sent a direct message to the 26-year-old, which read: “You are f****** dead watch your back.” Kyrgios posted the grab with a caption of his own. The mercurial star wrote: “Nice threats my g.” The threat came after Kyrgios' latest angry outburst at an official after an officiating error in Houston on Saturday. During his loss to Opelka in their semi-final at the clay-court tournament, Kyrgios was docked a point and lost the game after he was left irate by the decision. READ MORE: Djokovic fires Nadal French Open warning as he finally returns Kyrgios was hanging on at five-all in the second set after dropping the first 6-3 when the incident occurred. The score was 30-30 when Opelka's return went over the baseline but wasn't called out by umpire Joshua Brace. Kyrgios lost the next point with an unforced error, then later in the game was docked a point that cost him the game for a second audible obscenity. He yelled at Brace: “What do you mean, you don't know from there? Where are you supposed to see it from? “It was out, bro! He wins that point when the ball was out. What are you guys actually doing out here?" "If it was out, then I did miss it,” the umpire responded. DON'T MISSIsner compares ATP Houston final to Rafael Nadal vs Novak DjokovicKyrgios rants at another umpire in X-rated outburst during Opelka lossO'Sullivan challenges Djokovic just days after calling out Pimblett “Well, congratulations,” Kyrgios replied. After losing the following point, Kyrgios loudly swore as things unravelled. He went on to lose 6-3 7-5 to Opelka. “It was f***ing out of bounds on clay, how are you not calling it?” Kyrgios yelled. “It's up to you guys to make that call. I can't stop mid-point!” If Kyrgios had won the match, he would have made his first final in an ATP event since Washington 2019. He was recently fined a total of £61,000 after exploding in anger at both Indian Wells and the Miami Open.