The tax proposed by the Valencian parliament would cost around two euros (£1.68)per night. However, it will be up to individual areas to choose whether to apply the tax. Benidorm has slammed the tax and officials have said the resort will never apply it. One accused the Government of hating tourism. The Facpyme federation, which represents small businesses in Alicante, has claimed the tax will “drive away” British tourists. President of Facpyme, Carlos Baño, said families plan their holidays based on a fixed budget. He said that a loss of purchasing power caused by the tax would result in lower spending in the regions’ bars, restaurants and hotels. READ MORE: UK passport waiting times and how to get it back faster He added: “The tourist tax drives away British tourism. This situation must be corrected, because tourism and Alicante province do not deserve this bad publicity as a result of a bad decision. “It must be said loud and clear.” The Valencian president, Ximo Puig, has said the tourist tax is unlikely to be implemented in any of the region’s cities. However the policy is popular with some left-wing members of the Valencian Government. Francesc Colmer, regional secretary for tourism, said the tax would “stop tourists going to some places”. Benidorm and Alicante are two of Spain’s leading destinations for British tourists, many of whom are keen to return after the pandemic. Benidorm was recently named the most ‘British’ city in Spain due to the high number of British restaurants and citizens. The tax has proved unpopular with British tourists with some Express.co.uk commenters saying they wouldn’t return if it’s implemented. However, others said the tax was just the price of a beer and wouldn’t cause them to change their plans. Tourism taxes are growing in popularity and are already in place in Barcelona and the Balearic islands. Charges normally depend on the type of accommodation a tourist stays in with hostels incurring the lowest fee. Most package holiday companies will include the tax in the price of the overall holiday while hotels will also include it. Wales is also considering implementing a tourism tax which would have an impact on English tourists. Venice has become the first city in the world to restrict the number of day trippers allowed to visit each day. From June, visitors will have to register to travel to the city for the day and a fee is expected to be implemented in the following months. Tourists who stay overnight in Venice already pay a tourist tax so will be exempt from the new fee.