The crash, which happened in the early evening of Tuesday, resulted in two overturned vehicles and spilt fuel on the road. It led to the closure of the M6 northbound between J12 and J13 in Staffordshire. National Highways said emergency services are in attendance. Three fire engines were sent to the scene of the crash, which halted traffic from Gailey to Stafford South, at 6.30pm. According to Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Service, they have since left the site in charge of the police for vehicle recovery. Traffic monitoring service Inrix said: "M6 Northbound closed, stationary traffic due to multi-vehicle accident and spillage of diesel from J12 A5 (Gailey) to J13 A449 (Stafford South). "The road has closed with all traffic held around 18:35 for two lorries on their side in lanes two, three and four (of four). Traffic is being taken off at J12 (Gailey)." The state of those involved in the accident is not yet known, but an image from the site showing the overturned vehicles — two lorries — has been shared. National Highways wrote on its website: "The M6 in Staffordshire is closed northbound between J12 and J13 due to a multi-vehicle collision. Staffordshire Police, emergency services and National Highways traffic officers are currently on scene. "Road users are advised to follow the hollow triangle diversion symbol on road signs. "Exit the M6 at J12 and take the exit onto the A5 westbound. Continue along the A5 to its junction with the A449. Take the exit onto the A449 northbound. Re-join the M6 at J13. "If this closure impacts on your planned route, please allow extra journey time. Plan ahead, you may wish to re-route or even delay your journey." DON'T MISSJet stream to freeze Britain – rain, snow and icy gales till Easter [WARNING]Covid: Should UK bring back face masks after new warning? [POLL]Britons forced to abandon trips as cancelled flights add to travel chaos [INSIGHT] The incident follows another crash on the M6 on Monday morning that, involving two cars and a lorry, caused the closure of three lanes on the northbound carriage, leading to delays of up to one hour and queues of five miles. Several of those involved were taken to hospital. After attending the scene, between junctions 14 and 15, Staffordshire Police said: "On arrival, officers found a lorry, an Audi A4 and a Toyota CHR Icon, involved in a collision." A spokesperson added: "The drivers and the sole occupants of the Audi and the Toyota were each taken to hospital by ambulance for treatment. "Their injuries are not believed to be life-threatening or life-changing. The driver of the lorry is assisting police with inquiries." The road reopened about an hour later, with National Highways stating: "Traffic officers and contractors have cleared spillages and reopened all of the lanes."