Lewis Hamilton should remain loyal to his beloved Arsenal by walking away from his involvement in Sir Michael Broughton's bid to purchase Chelsea, according to former Blues winger Paul Canoville. Hamilton has pledged to invest millions of pounds as part of Broughton's consortium to buy the European champions, with tennis legend Serena Williams also set to be involved in proceedings. A successful bid would see Hamilton and Williams become the first black part-owners of a Premier League club, with the former's potential investment in one of Europe’s leading sides having been interpreted as a nod towards his future away from F1. However, Canoville has insisted that Hamilton should cut ties with Broughton's group and forget the idea of chipping in to buy Chelsea in order to stay loyal to his boyhood club."Don't anyone get me wrong, I am a huge fan of both Serena and Lewis," he said on Twitter. "Both Williams sisters have been phenomenal achievers and proud advocates of civil rights issues. "Ticks a big box with me personally of course. As far as playing a role in developing anti-racism, diversity, and inclusion programmes for Chelsea though; I feel this is disrespectful of our own supporter base. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton set for Tom Brady meeting after nightmare weekend "Serena is on record saying she supports Real Madrid and while I know Lewis has now suggested he was bullied into supporting Arsenal by his sister, he is an Arsenal fan and that's a fact."I will always support Lewis Hamilton in everything he does in F1, he is the greatest driver ever in my opinion and as with Serena, he is a phenomenal icon for black achievement and civil rights. With football though, I think he should stay loyal to his own team." It remains to be seen whether Broughton's bid to purchase Chelsea will be successful over the coming weeks, with Boston Celtics part-owner Steve Pagliuca and LA Dodgers supremo Todd Boehly also looking to buy the club for themselves. The interested parties have been told they will have to guarantee they will not sell the club for at least a decade, with a preferred bidder expected to be announced in the coming days by the Raine Group. Hamilton, meanwhile, was recently mocked for his interest in buying Chelsea by F1 rival Max Verstappen, who insisted that he would never consider purchasing Ajax due to his support of PSV. "I am a PSV fan and I would never buy Ajax and if I was to buy a football club I would want to be the full owner and to make the decisions myself, not own just a tiny percentage," Verstappen told PA earlier this month."I thought he was an Arsenal fan? And if you are an Arsenal fan going for Chelsea, that is quite interesting, but everyone does what they want with their money so let’s see what comes out of it." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here