During Wednesday's Coronation Street, ITV viewers watched as Daniel Osbourne (played by Rob Mallard) had a rather awkward encounter with his colleague Mrs Crawshaw (Carla Mendonca) in the cafe. The headteacher turned up at Roy's (David Neilson) cafe while looking for Daniel, and fans seem to think there could be more to their friendship. Later on in the episode, Mrs Crawshaw took Daniel a bottle of red wine to thank him for helping her with the school Edinburgh trip. However, Daniel was taken aback by his colleague's proposition and didn't know what to say. Nicky (Kimberly Hart-Simpson) was at Daniel's house and had popped to the toilet when Mrs Crawshaw let herself in. Clearly surprised, Daniel leapt out of his seat as he said: "Mrs Crawshaw..." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Maya Stepney returns to take down Meena Jutla "Orla, please, I think we have gone way beyond formalities," Mrs Crawshaw replied. As she held up a bottle of wine, the headteacher continued: "This is to say thank you for lending an ear earlier." "There really wasn't any need, I am happy to help," Daniel explained. "You are a very kind man," she added. "So..." "So?" a confused Daniel asked before Mrs Crawshaw said: "Do you have a couple of glasses? It really is a very delicious red." "Mrs Crawshaw," Daniel said awkwardly before she corrected: "Orla." "I am very sorry if I have given you the wrong impression..." Daniel continued to say as Nicky shouted: "When are you going to fix that leaking tap?" Mrs Crawshaw quickly made an excuse to leave as Daniel said: "You've misunderstood." Following the episode, fans took to social media to share their own theories about what could happen next for Daniel, and many think he may have a fling with Mrs Cranshaw. Mike penned: "The headteacher trying it on with Daniel." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Jenny Connor frames Daisy Midgeley [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise star snubbed for BBC role over language difficulty [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun’s Danni Menzies shuts down fussy house hunters [INSIGHT] Victoria tweeted: "God Mrs Crawshaw making a move on Daniel. AWKWARD." (sic) Charlotte K13 said: "These scenes with Mrs Crawshaw are starting to get really weird and cringey #Corrie." Doreen Morfitt commented: "Does Daniel give off some like weird pheromones or something? Cos all these women chasing him - must be a Barlow thing #Corrie." (sic) While Daniel Boink added: "Oh well, Nicky's sacked so Miss Cranshaw can have her wicked way with Daniel." "Mrs Crawshaw making a pass at Daniel," Ryan Glendenning said as Julie Taylor added: "Oh my days Mrs Crawshaw fancies Daniel." Mrs Cranshaw isn't the only woman that seems to be after Daniel's attention either. Despite Daniel being in a relationship with barmaid Daisy Midgley (Charlotte Jordan), the teacher's old flame has also made a return to Weatherfield. Since Nicky Wheatley made a dramatic comeback, she has grown closer to Daniel and she even got a job at the school where he works. Daisy is renowned for having a jealous streak, and she has already kept a close eye on Nicky. But, how would she react if she knew Mrs Cranshaw was interested in her boyfriend? Daniel isn't used to receiving so much attention from women, but will he be able to resist temptation or will he get himself caught up in a love triangle? Coronation Street airs on Friday at 8pm on ITV.