Manchester United want at least four signings in this summer’s transfer window as Erik ten Hag prepares to take charge, according to reports. And it’s also been claimed Harry Maguire may be stripped of the club’s captaincy having struggled for form over the past 12 months. It’s going to be a big summer of change at Old Trafford as they prepare for the start of yet another new era. Manchester United may announce Ten Hag as their new boss as early as this week, having struck a verbal agreement with the Ajax manager. And, now, the Manchester Evening News say the Red Devils are eyeing as many as four signings for this summer’s transfer window. Ten Hag may choose to take the captaincy from Maguire, who has suffered an alarming dip in form over the past year. No other details are mentioned about that yet it’s possible that Cristiano Ronaldo, providing he stays, will be given the armband instead. And it’s claimed United want at least four signings. A defender is being eyed amid Maguire’s poor form and at a time where Eric Bailly and Phil Jones are expected to leave, amid rumours they’re eying Villarreal's Pau Torres. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Both Bailly and Jones have been heavily hampered by injuries throughout the course of their Old Trafford careers. And they’re set to be the first two casualties of the Ten Hag era as a new adventure under the 52-year-old awaits. United want a midfielder amid interest in Leeds’ Kalvin Phillips, with a deal for the England international being worked out. And a new centre-forward and back-up goalkeeper are also being targeted as they look to hit the ground running under Ten Hag’s guidance. With regards to the striker position, several names have been linked. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Reports in Spain have claimed they’re interested in Robert Lewandowski, even if Barcelona are likelier suitors. Alexander Isak and Harry Kane, of Real Sociedad and Tottenham respectively, have also been tipped to join in recent months. United are primed to let Dean Henderson depart, with the England international struggling for action this season. And it’s possible veterans Tom Heaton and Lee Grant will head elsewhere, too. As well as Bailly and Jones, United may lose many other players when the transfer window reopens at the end of the season. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Jesse Lingard, Paul Pogba and Edinson Cavani are all out of contract - and the Red Devils aren’t expected to try and keep the trio. And there’s uncertainty over Mason Greenwood, Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford and Donny van de Beek as well. Meanwhile, speaking recently, former United star Mark Bosnich had his say on the current Red Devils squad. And he expressed a belief that Bruno Fernandes, David De Gea and Raphael Varane were the only players worth keeping. “It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to realise there is a lot of dead wood there, a lot of players who have been there for a long time and seen off a lot of managers,” he said on talkSPORT. “As far as I’m concerned, if I come in there and I see that, I’m like, ‘Listen – it’s time to move on’. “I think the more important thing at this moment in time is who the new manager is going to keep. “Out of those players you’ve been watching this season, David de Gea has been their best player over the last four or five seasons, Bruno Fernandes, definitely, and I would keep Raphael Varane. “Everyone else, you’d have to say, is up for discussion.”