Princess Anne's daughter is no longer cooking for her husband Mike after she gave up red meat, it has been claimed. The former rugby player candidly revealed he looks "after my own meals" since the pregnancies changed Zara's eating habits. However, the Queen's grandson-in-law confessed, he doesn't spend much time in the kitchen as he isn't a fan of cooking. Royal commentator Richard Eden wrote in the Daily Mail: "In startlingly candid comments, the Yorkshireman says Princess Anne's daughter stopped cooking for him when she gave up eating red meat after the birth of their three children." Mr Eden then reported the former rugby champion saying: "My wife Zara's appetites have changed since having children. "She's not into eating red meat any more, so now I look after my own meals. "I do this through a company that delivers most of my food, because then it's easy to keep track of my calorie intake." While Zara is good at planning a meal, Mike revealed he doesn't quite share this skill with her. He admitted that he isn't a "massive fan of cooking" and struggles with planning meals, comparing his eating habits to Bill Murray's Groundhog Day film in which the lead character is forced to repeat the same 24 hours over and over again. Mike, who was part of the England rugby team winning the World Cup in 2003, said he is still very much following the routine he had embraced while he was a professional player. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'gave Prince Harry the tools to leave' the Royal Family Mike did not reveal which pregnancy made Zara lose interest in red meat meals. The couple, who got married in 2011, have three children - Mia, Lena and Lucas, who recently turned one. Earlier this month, Mike was spotted with his children at the Burnham Market International Horse Trials, where they all cheered for equestrian Zara.  Settled on a patch of grass, Mike was surrounded by his three children, with eight-year-old Mia climbing on his shoulder to get a better view. Mike has provided royal fans with little glimpses inside his family life in the past. During the podcast he co-hosts - The Good, The Bad & The Rugby - the former England star announced in March last year the birth of his son. And he described how quickly little Lucas arrived, saying him and Zara didn't have time to go to the hospital and the Queen's granddaughter had to give birth on the bathroom floor of their residence. The father-of-three also opened up about his eldest daughter's love for rugby, saying she is a member of the local team. He told his podcast's co-hosts Alex Payne and James Haskell in March: "It's always hard to get Mia to go, she's like 'I don't like it' and then you get there, and she's off. "Mia scored a couple... it was an eight-all thriller in the first game and then a nine-all thriller in the second." Mike went on speaking about Mia's involvement in tag rugby and how his daughter has evolved in the way she plays. He said: "It's funny how much she's changed over the last, sort of, this year, since they've been back, figuring out how to avoid people because before they'd just all be really bunched in. "Now they're getting more, where they run across but then they're all stepping back, and people are just falling around."