While inflation has climbed to a new high, new research released today has found one in five Britons still plan to move house in 2022. Airtasker, a local services marketplace that connects people who need work done with skilled experts, has teamed up with property guru Phil Spencer to share top tips on how movers can prepare for the big day. Airtasker’s 2022 Move Right Report identified budgeting as the most difficult part of moving, with over half of respondents (56 percent) having exceeded their budget by up to £1,000. Of those who moved house in the last year, Britons overspent by £414 on average, which is £1.36billion overspent on moving costs nationally. It can be hard to know what to budget for and what hidden costs homeowners need to pay out for, with the report unveiling top areas of overspending include van hire, connection fees, moving supplies and repair work. Phil Spencer commented: “We’re heading into Britain’s peak moving season, where many people will be embarking on their moving journey and searching for ways to do it easily and more affordably. READ MORE: Princess Anne's £750k home has 'decor of a 100-year-old' - see inside “Higher living costs means Brits may be feeling uncertain about moving house this year, which is why I’m thrilled to be working with the Airtasker team to help educate Brits about how they can prepare for the moving process, do their due diligence and tackle their to-do lists.” Moving home can be one of the most stressful times, especially if moving to a new area. This is why Phil recommended writing a checklist to help things run smoothly. He said: “Write yourself a moving checklist and do it early so you can map out your to-do list and timeline for what’s involved with your move. I’d recommend writing your checklist as soon as you’ve decided you’d like to move or at three months before you move. DON'T MISS:How to properly wash your bed sheets to ‘eradicate dust mites’ [COMMENT]‘Perfect time’ to ‘refresh houseplants’ - they might need repotting [EXPERT]Lawn: A ‘regular routine’ in spring can help achieve ‘healthy’ grass [INSIGHT] “Think methodically when you write your checklist and don’t forget to include any small tasks as these often go a long way to help things run smoothly. I’d always recommend decluttering your space, getting rid of any unwanted items one month before your move so you’re not packing any unnecessary items on moving day. “Notifying your suppliers and redirecting mail is another one to add to the checklist, and I’d recommend doing this one month before your move date. Notify your bank, utility providers and insurance company of your new address to ensure your mail doesn’t go missing.” The property expert also recommended ordering packing boxes in a variety of sizes to help make the process easier. He said: “My number one packing tip is to order your packing boxes in a range of different sizes, and if in doubt, order more boxes that you think you’ll need as you can always reuse them. Don’t forget to also buy packing tape and any proactive wrap for delicate items. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Start packing in the least-used room, and make sure you label your boxes as you go (you can even take photos of the inside of boxes to help you find your contents quicker). Save time by leaving clothes on hangers and make sure you protect lids of liquids to avoid any spillage in transit. “Keep daily essentials at the top of your boxes for easy access later, things like your phone charger or toothbrush.” Phil also recommended taking gas and electricity readings as well as changing the locks for a peace of mind. With house prices on the rise and many homeowners paying a premium for their dream home, many people may be on a budget when moving. This can mean unexpected or “hidden costs” can come as a shock. With the report discovering Britons overspent on things like van hire, connection fees, moving supplies and repair work, Phil also recommended budgeting for DIY work when in the new property. He told Express.co.uk: “I think DIY and repair work when you get to your new house is definitely difficult to budget for but when you get in, often times there are things that you want to get done and I”m working with Airtasker who are a local services marketplace, so they connect people who need work done, with providers locally who can get it done. “That system enables you to set a budget, so you move in and you’ve realised that somebody hasn’t cleared out the attic or the shelving needs to be put up or the wardrobe door has come off, little things like that, that you don’t have either the time, tools or skill to do and you can set a budget and get the jobs done super quickly and super easily.” Founder and CEO of Airtasker, Tim Fung, added: “Our report shows that not knowing where to start and finding the right professionals are key pain points for movers, so we hope to spark some joy by connecting Londoners with skilled experts who can help. “Whether it’s finding removals, someone to set up your WiFi or even a dog walker for the day, Airtasker can help you tick more off your to-do list. Simply post a task and set your price so you can manage your budget.” To help ease your move, visit Airtasker, the local services marketplace.