In 2021, Doctor Who fans were left gutted when Jodie Whittaker confirmed she was stepping away from her role as the Time Lord. She went on to add that her final scenes as the Doctor would play out in 2022 in a handful of specials. Jodie isn't the only one leaving the BBC series, as current showrunner Chris Chibnall also announced the specials were his last episodes. The actress and showrunner made a "three years and out pact" which will make way for a new actor and showrunner to take on their respective roles. Since Jodie made the announcement, fans have been coming up with their own theories as to who could replace her. The bookmakers have also thrown a number of celebrity names into the mix, despite the BBC remaining tight-lipped about Jodie's replacement. However, fans were excited to learn former showrunner Russell T Davies would be making a return in the upcoming series in place of Chris. READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry Russell has also remained silent about Jodie's predecessor, but fans believe the showrunner has just dropped a huge hint about the new Doctor. In his latest Instagram post, Russell shared a sweet snap of himself and actress Ruth Madeley. Along with three heart emojis, he wrote: "I love @ruthmadeley more than I can say." Ruth replied to his post along with a heart and kiss emoji: "I love you so much." Doctor Who fans rushed to reply to the post, with many theorising that Ruth will replace Jodie as the Time Lord. "Or 14th Doctor," user @ahmotsfer_30 said while @mezzaninedoor added: "Book her for Who now." User @simthemog wrote: "New Doctor for me. Class actor and I've always had a crush on her." "Doctor Ruth?" user @rcsalgado replied as @brianpointy wrote: "She’s lovely. I hope you have got her lined up with a part in Doctor Who xx." DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop host Jay Blades has DIY show axed by BBC  [NEWS]Louis Theroux ex-wife: Star’s ‘marriage of convenience’ in New York [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles speaks out on co-star's replacement [CAST] User @arran_knigh.random commented: "THE SEARCH FOR DOCTOR WHO CLUES NEVER ENDS!!!" User @requiemforgabriel added: "Love Ruth so much needs to be in Doctor Who!" (sic) Since the news of Jodie's departure, the bookmakers have been predicting which stars could take over as the Time Lord. Most recently, David Tennant, who was the 10th Doctor, is the favourite to take on the role. Experts from Online Betting Guide (OLBG) named David, 50, as having a 60 per cent chance of reprising the role, with odds of 4/6. David was a huge hit with Doctor Who fans when he first took on the part in 2005. The Des star may be the favourite to take over from Jodie, but a number of other names have also been thrown into the mix. Some of the names include EastEnders star Danny Dyer and Lydia West. Doctor Who is available to watch on BBC iPlayer and Britbox.