Millions of households are expected to receive the £150 council tax rebate this month as part of the Chancellors’ package to help Britons weather the cost of living storm. However, personal finance expert Holly Andrews has warned that scammers may take advantage of the scheme to swindle Britons.   The council tax rebate was announced in February by the Chancellor Rishi Sunak alongside an energy discount. The £150 rebate will not need to be repaid, while the £200 energy discount will be paid back over the next five years through annual £40 payments. The package was created to help Britons as levels of disposable income are expected to drop lower than during the financial crisis of 2008. Ms Andrews, managing director at KIS Finance, noted schemes like this have been targeted by scammers in the past. READ MORE: ‘Very good deal!’ State pensioners could boost sum using National Insurance option  Cautioning Britons as the scheme begins this month, she shared what these scams may look like and what people can do to keep fraudsters out of their wallets. She said: “Scammers are notorious for taking advantage of any scheme, occasion, company/organisation, or threat, that affects a large number of people.” This is likely due to the wide audience these schemes affect, providing a large pool of victims for fraudsters to take their pick of. Ms Andrews highlighted that in the past scammers have usually contacted their victims through emails, texts and phone calls.  Additionally, the scammers may also extend to sending letters in order to “appear more legitimate”. It should be noted that Britons who pay for their council tax through direct debit will automatically receive the rebate without having to do or provide anything. Those who use other payment methods will be contacted by their local council who will inform them of how to make a claim. Because of this, Ms Andrews cautioned Britons of websites advertising a claim process or a way to get the rebate quicker.  She said: “It’s likely we’ll see fake websites start to pop up which have been designed to look like an application process on a genuine Government website." Rather than helping Britons apply for the rebate, these websites will capture their information, including bank details, in order to steal their money. Scammers could potentially pose as local councils, with Ms Andrews warning they may ask Britons to make a small payment in order to authorise their bank details. She explained: “They will most likely claim that you will receive a refund of the payment you made with the council tax rebate. But again, this will be another ploy to steal money from you and to get your bank details so they can steal even more at a later date.”  Being told to make an in advance payment in vouchers or gift cards “is a tell-tale sign that you’re dealing with a scammer” according to Ms Andrews. Britons should also note that the rebate is a one-off payment that doesn’t need to be repaid, meaning that anyone trying to convince people that the rebate needs to be repaid is likely a scammer. Ms Andrews highlighted that it is not just households eligible for the rebate that could be targeted, as those not in tax bands A to D could also qualify for some assistance if they are struggling. These households are expected to receive letters stating they need to complete an online application, uploading some information such as their bank statements, council tax or utility bills. This is a genuine process for households to access assistance if they do not qualify for the rebate but Ms Andrews warned: “Scammers who get hold of this information may start to copy these letters in order to obtain people’s personal details.”