On April 1, the UK took the mantle of United Nations Security Council Presidency, pledging to focus on Ukraine and global security for its leadership stint. But Dmitry Polyanskiy, Russia's First Deputy Permanent Representative to the UN, took to social media to denounce the UK's new position heading up the organisation. He claimed the UK was continuing to block the Kremlin's calls for a UNSC meeting on the alleged atrocities committed in the town of Bucha, just outside Kyiv. This goes against what Barbara Woodward, the UK's Permanent Representative to the UN, tweeted on Monday when she confirmed "the UK will call a #UNSC meeting tomorrow on #Ukraine". She added: "We will discuss the mounting evidence of war crimes, including from #Bucha. "We'll use our Presidency of the Security Council to ensure there is transparency, accountability and that justice is done."  However, Mr Polyanskiy wrote on Monday evening that Russia had petitioned the UK and "demanded an urgent UNSC meeting" on what he called "the provocation of Ukrainian radicals in #Bucha". Suggesting his request had been denied, he added: "This whole situation is outrageous abuse by UK Presidency of its prerogatives." He then followed up this message in a connected tweet: "Looks like our UK colleagues seek to set the lowest possible standards of UNSC presidencies - our request has been rejected. Total abuse of the President’s function! "We will have to go public on this and on #Bucha. Watch our press conference at 15.30 NY Time today at UNWebTV."  Speaking on the UN's streaming service from 8.30pm BST, Russia's permanent representative, Vassily Nebenzia, accused the UK of delaying the UNSC meeting despite the emergency calls from Moscow. The ambassador said the UK had attempted "to invent an invalid and lame pretext not to convene this meeting on Monday", calling its taking place on Tuesday, not earlier, a "unilateral decision" on the part of London. He added: “The UK does not believe that the situation in Bucha is calling for immediate attention from the Security Council.” Adding the need for a "more informed" meaning on the Bucha allegations "a lie", he insisted Russia had "never objected" to a meeting on Monday but that the UK had rejected the meeting "twice". A similar message was issued by Russia's Foreign Minister, Sergey Lavrov, who claimed on Monday evening that the UK had blocked another Russian attempt to push through a UNSC meeting on Bucha. He added he would host a news conference from New York to clarify the Russian position. He had previously called the allegations "stage-managed anti-Russian provocation." Images have surfaced of what appears to be a civilian massacre in Bucha, which had previously been under Russian control.  Ukrainian forces then regained control of the town in close proximity to the capital, Kyiv. Evidence emerged that Russian soldiers had killed civilians in the town, which, if proven, would be considered a war crime.  Ukraine accused Russia of committing a "deliberate massacre" as the bodies of at least 20 people in civilian clothing were discovered in Bucha. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov retorted: "We categorically reject all allegations."  He suggested the Russian defence ministry had found evidence the photographs were faked, without providing any further details. UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said there would be an investigation into the deaths, adding: “I am deeply shocked by the images of civilians killed in Bucha, Ukraine. "It is essential that an independent investigation leads to effective accountability." US President Joe Biden joined the cacophony of international condemnation, doubling down on his previous remarks calling Russian President Vladimir Putin a "war criminal".   He said on Monday the West must "gather the information", adding: "We have to continue to provide Ukraine with the weapons they need to continue the fight. "This guy is brutal. And what's happening in Bucha is outrageous, and everyone's seen it."  Witnesses in Bucha claimed civilians found lying dead in the town's streets had been slain in an unprovoked attack by Russian soldiers. Anatoliy Fedoruk, mayor of Bucha, said over 300 of the town's residents had been killed, with Ukrainian authorities adding some were killed as they had their hands tied behind their backs.  Ukrainian President, Volodymyr Zelensky, called the reports a "genocide" that represented a "concentrated evil". He said: "The killers, executioners, rapists, marauders who call themselves an army - and who deserve only death after what they've done." Foreign Secretary Liz Truss responded to the reports by calling for Russia's removal from the UN Human Rights Council. She tweeted: "Given strong evidence of war crimes, including reports of mass graves and heinous butchery in Bucha, Russia cannot remain a member of the UN Human Rights Council. "Russia must be suspended."