The Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy has rolled out its new Net Zero Hydrogen Fund, a £240million endeavour that looks to finance the development and deployment of new low carbon hydrogen production. As the UK shifts away from using fossil fuels like oil and natural gas, hydrogen, especially ones produced through renewable means, has been tipped to be key player in the Net Zero energy sector. Hydrogen produced from clean sources is expected to phase out and ultimately replace natural gas, however, the technology has not yet reached its full potential. Through the new fund, the Government is looking to accelerate the development of green hydrogen Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng tweeted: “Today, our £240million Hydrogen Fund opens for business, backing the development of hydrogen as the clean superfuel of the future, produced right here in the UK.” This comes as UK scientists reach a major milestone in creating this “superfuel of the future”, making it cheaper to produce by using iron instead of platinum.  Project leader Professor Anthony Kucernak, of Imperial College London, said: "Currently, around 60 percent of the cost of a single fuel cell is the platinum for the catalyst. "To make fuel cells a real viable alternative to fossil-fuel-powered vehicles, for example, we need to bring that cost down. "Our cheaper catalyst design should make this a reality, and allow deployment of significantly more renewable energy systems that use hydrogen as fuel, ultimately reducing greenhouse gas emissions and putting the world on a path to net-zero emissions." This breakthrough brings the world closer to commercial hydrogen cell electric vehicles, with common iron bringing down the prices. READ MORE: Macron's grip on Britain's energy exposed - France to gain billions Hydrogen fuel cell systems could be a vital power source for both vehicles and industries due their fast refuelling time, high energy density and lack of harmful emissions or by-products. The new process involves intensive heating of iron and the elements nitrogen and carbon - three of Earth's most abundant raw materials. The innovation was dispersing the iron as single atoms within an electrically conducting carbon matrix. It produced different chemical properties to bulk iron making it more reactive in the fuel cell - acting as a good substitute for platinum. DON'T MISS: Macron's grip on Britain's energy exposed - France to gain billions [INSIGHT] Xi sparks Taiwan panic as new hypersonic missile launched [REVEAL] Mysterious liver disease cases could be linked to virus outbreak [REPORT] 