Since the start of Vladimir Putin’s “special military operation” in Ukraine on February 24, Western countries have hit Russia with sanctions and embargoes. The US and UK have both announced an end to Russian oil and gas imports by the end of 2023, but the EU has yet to act. Jordan Bardella, president of the National Rally and French MEP, has now claimed the EU "is preparing an embargo on Russian oil that would explode prices at the pump”. However, he bemoaned the delay and suggested the bloc is waiting “until after the presidential election to announce it so as not to penalise candidate Macron”. Clement Beaune, Secretary of State for European Affairs, responded and said: “Mr Bardella, who is still an MEP, does not know that it has been more than a month that this subject is on the table of the European Parliament and member states. "This calendar has nothing to do with the presidential calendar. There are 27 member countries, if we waited for the elections of each one, we would never vote anything.” On Tuesday, French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said an embargo on Russian oil at EU level was in the works. He added that Mr Macron wants to see a bloc-wide embargo on Putin’s chief export. Mr Le Maire told Europe 1 radio: "We are trying to convince our European partners to stop importing oil from Russia. "What has been the primary source of currency for Vladimir Putin for several years? It is not gas. It is oil." READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: 'How did you allow it!' Putin humiliation as key ally Mr Le Maire then added the renewed attacks in Ukraine have increased the urgency of weaning Europe off its dependency on Russian energy. However, he also noted some EU countries were not ready to do so. He said: “We know very well that if we are not there today, it is not because France does not want it, it is because some European partners are still hesitant.” DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: More red tape causes pet chaos as EU slaps UK owners 'Harry's expression says it all!' Sussexes body language analysed Michael Portillo rages at Archbishop over Rwanda comments It comes after bosses and unions in Germany joined forces to oppose a possible EU ban on Russian gas on Monday, saying it would grind industry to a halt. Rainer Dulger, chairman of the BDA employer's group, and Reiner Hoffmann, chairman of the DGB trade union confederation, said in a joint statement: “A rapid gas embargo would lead to loss of production, shutdowns, a further de-industrialization and the long-term loss of work positions in Germany.” They added that, while EU sanctions are needed to put pressure on Russia, they must minimise the impact on those who impose them. Chancellor Olaf Scholz previously warned a sudden cut-off of Russian gas would plunge "all of Europe into a recession." Meanwhile Andriy Yermak, head of the Ukrainian President's Office, hinted an oil embargo could be part of the sixth package of EU sanctions against Russia. He wrote this on Telegram, referring to the German newspaper Zeit, Ukrinform reports. He said: "Some insider information from Germany's Zeit, which refers to European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen. “The EU is considering mechanisms to include oil in the next sanctions package, and they are also considering restrictions on the banking sector, especially Sberbank, and Russia's energy sector.” Volodymyr Zelensky has slammed the EU for “earning their money in other people's blood” by refusing to veto Russian energy supplies, singling out Germany and Hungary. Figures reported by the Daily Mail said the EU has paid £29billion to Russia for energy since February 24. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega