The prime suspect drove the VW van while living on the Algarve from where Madeleine vanished on May 3, 2007. Portuguese authorities announced on Thursday that Christian B was an official suspect. He is the first in the long-running case since the disappearance of Madeleine, who was then aged three. Madeleine's parents Kate and Gerry McCann said on Friday that they welcome the news the German man has been identified as a formal suspect in the case. German detectives grilled the 44-year-old in Oldenburg jail, where he is serving time for rape, at the request of Portuguese prosecutors. He was asked where he was on the night Madeleine disappeared and if he had an alibi. According to the Mirror, he was also asked: "If you weren’t by the apartment she ­disappeared from, where were you?" Christian B was also handed a document informing him that he was being made an "arguido", a Portuguese legal term which elevates a witness to the status of a named or formal suspect. Sources close to the case said he did not answer any of the questions. His lawyer is believed to have been present. Christian B reportedly denies any involvement in the case.  READ MORE ABOUT A UK TRADE REVOLUTION Portugal’s Policia Judiciaria force (PJ), which has officers leading a review of the case, has yet to officially comment. A source said on Saturday: "The PJ is committed to finding out what happened to Madeleine and in addition to the work we’re doing, we will continue to co-operate with British and German authorities." In a message posted on the Official Find Madeleine Campaign Facebook page, Kate and Gerry McCann said: "We welcome the news that the Portuguese authorities have declared a German man an 'arguido' in relation to the disappearance of our beloved daughter Madeleine. "This reflects progress in the investigation, being conducted by the Portuguese, German and British authorities.  DON'T MISS: House engulfed by greenery 'forces' neighbour to build new wall [REVEALED] DIY mum uses clever hacks to transform bathroom for under £30 [REPORT] US interview shows Harry's huge 'resentment' towards William [LATEST] "We are kept informed of developments by the Metropolitan police. It is important to note the 'arguido' has not yet been charged with any specific crime related to Madeleine's disappearance." Jim Gamble, the former head of the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre who worked on the investigation into Madeleine's disappearance, told the BBC: "Well, this breakthrough could mean everything or it could mean nothing." The move by the Portuguese authorities could allow Christian B to be transferred to the Algarve for formal questioning. German newspaper Bild reported that his lawyer, Friedrich Fuelscher, said the Portuguese decision appeared to be a "procedural trick". A Portuguese insider described the move as "potentially crucial". He added: "It could also be the final throw of the dice. It’s a wait and see situation." Reports have suggested the move could be linked to the country's statute of limitations which does not generally allow crimes carrying a maximum prison sentence to be prosecuted more than 15 years after they were committed. This would mean Christian B could no longer be charged in Portugal after May 3. He is referred to as Christian B in Germany because of the country's strict privacy laws. Madeleine vanished from her bedroom in an apartment her family was staying in at the Praia da Luz resort in Portugal while her parents, Kate and Gerry, ate with friends at a nearby restaurant. The apartment was broken into while Madeleine and her twin baby siblings were asleep. Local police concluded at the time that it was a kidnapping. The family voiced concern at what they described as a slow initial police response and a failure to secure the crime scene. Media focus on the case led to reported sightings of Madeleine around the world. However, the early investigation by Portuguese police produced no major leads. By 2017, a decade since Madeleine disappeared, detectives said they might never solve the case despite still following critical lines of inquiry. In June 2020, British and German police said they had identified a new suspect, a 43-year-old German man. Christian B lived in the Algarve between 1995 and 2007. He burgled hotels and holiday flats on top of trading drugs. Police in Britain and Germany broadcast a televised appeal in 2020 for information. They received hundreds of tips as a result.