April is a busy time for gardening, with the warm but wet weather providing the perfect growing conditions for plants. As lawns, beds and borders run wild with fresh growth, there’s plenty to get done to rejuvenate the green blades of grass in your garden. With the initial spring mow over and done with, these are the top jobs to get done this month for the perfect spring lawn. The wet winter means that many garden lawns are suffering from excess moss this spring, so focus your efforts on removing heavy infestations before they get worse. April is the best month for attacking moss as the grass begins to grow more rapidly. There are a few easy ways to tackle these furry mounds in your lawn, but you should always treat the lawn both before and after applying moss killer for the best results. To effectively remove moss from your lawn, you should: READ MORE: How to clean your washing machine with easy ingredients Repairs are best done in April when damage becomes visible as the grass begins to grow. According to Lawnsmith, any and all lawn repairs can be done this month, though this is your last chance to complete any turfing. Lawnsmith said: “Any turf laid after this month will require regular watering to establish.” Top dressing is the process of adding material to the surface of the grass. Loam and sandy soil mixes or organic material are most commonly used to top dress, though you can use anything that has all the components of a good soil. To top dress your lawn, start by mowing the grass on a short setting on a dry day. Portion your dressing mix into a number of small piles and place them evenly across the lawn. Brush the dressing into the grass and dips using a stiff brush to level it into the turf. Spring is the ideal time to get out the lawn raker or manual raker/scarifier to refresh your lawn. The wire tines of a rake are equally as good as a bladed scarifier to remove old dry grass or moss, but it is generally recommended to take a lighter approach during spring. Run a clean rake or scarifier through the top layers of your lawn to dethatch the surface and improve the growing conditions for the grass. Rake from all angles in fluent streaks to achieve a clean finish. If the lawn is thin or has bare patches left by moss and thatch removal, sow lawn seeds soon after before weeds take control of the grass. DON'T MISS:Weed killer: Why baking soda is ideal to banish weeds cheaply [INSIGHT]12 things to plant in April - why now is crucial for summer blooms [REVEAL]How to get rid of dandelions - 4 ways to banish flowering weeds [ANALYSIS] Use April as a time to fertilise your lawn and feed the green blades of grass. If you're doing any other lawn maintenance such as moss control and raking or scarifying, always apply fertiliser after to reap the full benefits. Choose a fertiliser that is appropriate for your soil type if you’re feeding an existing lawn. Weeds are a common nuisance in spring, with everything from dandelions to daisies appearing quickly throughout the season. Digging them out of your lawn by hand, or with a tool is the most effective way to banish weeds, and there’s one key reason why you should choose it over weedkiller this month. While a weed killer is the obvious way to tackle stubborn growth, Lawnsmith recommends avoiding it until early May. This is because more weeds will appear throughout the month, making your treatment ineffective and unnecessary until the weeds have finished growing in your lawn. Aeration is one of the most important jobs to get done this month and can be highly beneficial to your lawn when done correctly. As well as relieving compaction, aeration also allows air, rain and nutrients to penetrate a hard surface, while improving bacterial activity and reducing thatch. This simple process also improves drainage from the surface while increasing the water holding capacity which creates a more drought tolerant lawn. To properly aerate your lawn in April, you should be looking to use a hollow tine fork on the most trafficked areas around clotheslines and path-to-lawn entry points. Add grass seed to any worn areas after aeration, then fertilise the whole lawn for a seamless finish. You can aerate your lawn using lawn aerators, sandals and spiker, or a hollow tine aerator.