Daniel Levy has been left 'irritated' by reports that Antonio Conte is ready to quit Tottenham in the summer to replace Mauricio Pochettino at Paris Saint-Germain. With a handful of games still remaining in the current Premier League campaign, it's been claimed that the Italian coach and Pochettino could swap jobs at the end of the season. Just days after clinching his first league title, Pochettino is expected to be axed by PSG after falling short of expectations in Europe. The French giants were knocked out of the Champions League - the one accolade the club's hierarchy craves above all others - in the round of 16 by Real Madrid. Conte emerged over the weekend as a potential successor to the ex-Spurs coach, and a new report from The Athletic has outlined how the timing of these links has irked Levy. It's an eerily similar scenario to the saga involving Harry Kane that plagued Tottenham in the final knockings of last season after the England captain revealed he was wanted to quit the club to challenge for major honours. The report goes on to claim that there is 'an acceptance' at the club that 'volatility is part of the package' when working with Conte, who has already set tongues wagging with a number of explosive comments during his brief tenure in north London. READ MORE: Carlo Ancelotti compares living in Liverpool to 'a constant pandemic' However, it's also noted that some figures feel as though the 52-year-old has made little effort to play down speculation over his long-term future at Tottenham after refusing to talk about his plans beyond the end of the season. Conte penned an 18-month deal with the Londoners late last year, but although there is also an option to extend that an agreement for an additional year, it remains to be seen if Conte will see out his contract. While the fiery coach was eventually backed with the signings of Dejan Kulusevski and Rodric Bentacur in January, it's anticipated that the ex-Chelsea chief will be seeking significant backing in the summer to remould a squad which has shown signs of life since he was handed the reins back in November; regardless of whether or not Spurs pip Arsenal to the final Champions League berth. DON'T MISS: Real Madrid to complete Rudiger transfer this week amid Man Utd talkPSG ‘tell Mbappe when he can seal Real Madrid transfer’ in huge twistMan City 'tell Erling Haaland he can join Real Madrid after two years' Tottenham will be desperate to hang onto Conte, who has sparked a massive upturn in form since the turn of the year. However, his future is likely to hinge on just how ambitious the club's summer transfer plans are. But even though Conte's name has emerged as a potential contender to replace Pochettino once he's given the boot by PSG, the newly-crowned French champions are still holding out hope that they can persuade Zinedine Zidane to take the top job at the Parc des Princes. That's according to The Times, who have outlined that Zidane remains PSG's primary managerial target in a new report. The French icon is currently out of work after his second spell at Real Madrid came to an end last May. Zidane is thought to be waiting to see if Didier Deschamps will walk away from the French national team after the World Cup in Qatar later this year, but PSG remain hopeful of luring him to Paris.