Chelsea target Jules Kounde wanted to leave Sevilla last summer and that position has not changed, according to reports. The Blues could go back in for the Frenchman at the end of the season after being frustrated in their attempts to complete a transfer last year. Thomas Tuchel is set to lose two of his defenders this summer when the contracts of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen expire. Rudiger, who has become a key part of Tuchel’s back three, is expected to join Real Madrid, while Christensen has been linked with Barcelona. It means Chelsea will be desperate to sign defensive reinforcements when the transfer window opens in July. The Premier League outfit had several offers for Kounde knocked back last summer and could attempt to sign him again. The 23-year-old has a £68million release clause that Chelsea were unwilling to match. However, their new owners could decide to take the plunge and green-light a deal for the France international. JUST IN: Tottenham 'to hire Paratici partner in crime' to find Conte players Kounde wanted to leave the La Liga club but his departure was blocked by the club’s board, who view him as a key asset to Julen Lopetegui’s side. However, the defender is still keen to quit to progress his career, according to The Times. Tuchel’s defensive options will be sparse once Rudiger and Christensen depart. Cesar Azpilicueta triggered an extension by playing a certain number of games this season, allowing him to remain at Stamford Bridge despite the club being unable to offer new contracts. Chelsea’s takeover saga is expected to finish by the time the transfer window opens, meaning they will be able to sign new players in the summer. The Raine Group, the bank overseeing proceedings, are expected to name a preferred bidder by the end of April. DON'T MISS...Arsenal 'expected to make £35m Gabriel Jesus bid' after transfer talksMan Utd 'watching Roma star Nicolo Zaniolo' but Mourinho has final sayLiverpool signing Aurelien Tchouameni could spell the end for two aces And Kounde could be one of the club’s top targets as they seek to replenish their back line. The returning loanee Levi Colwill - a 19-year-old who has starred for Huddersfield - could also be given a chance by Tuchel. Youngsters Trevoh Chalobah and Malang Sarr have done well but could be upgraded on. The veteran Thiago Silva will turn 38 in September. Sevilla boss Lopetegui revealed that Kounde had been blocked from joining Chelsea last year. He said in September: “Kounde didn’t join Chelsea because our Sevilla board decided it was the right thing to do, based on the value of the offers. For me it’s positive - he’ll perform again at top level." Kounde has played 27 league games for Sevilla this term, with Lopetegui’s side challenging for the title for much of the campaign. A recent dip in form now sees them sit third behind Real Madrid and Barcelona.  