Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher hit back at BT Sport after the broadcaster’s social media account appeared to mock the quality of a Reds team the former defender was involved in, but then deleted his tweet. Carragher, who works as a pundit for BT’s rivals Sky Sports, responded by taking aim at BT's punditry team of Peter Crouch, Michael Owen and Rachel Brown-Finnis.  Liverpool’s improvement over the last 10 years has been spectacular. The majority of that rise has come under Jurgen Klopp, who has guided the Anfield outfit to Premier League and Champions League titles. Klopp’s side face Benfica in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday. It is the first leg of a tie that Liverpool are expected to win. And BT Sport’s Twitter account sought to contextualise the strides made by the Premier League club by comparing Tuesday’s Liverpool line-up with the side that last faced Benfica. Klopp has named a team involving the likes of Virgil van Dijk, Trent Alexander-Arnold, Thiago, Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Luis Diaz. JUST IN: Chelsea fans warned of conduct by Courtois ahead of Madrid clash It is a slightly better line-up than the one Liverpool fielded the last time they visited Benfica in April 2010. Rafa Benitez’s side lost 2-1 in Portugal but progressed to the semi-final of that year’s Europa League thanks to a 4-1 thumping at Anfield. In a now-deleted tweet, BT’s tweeted a photo of the team, which included the likes of Carragher, Steven Gerrard and Fernando Torres. But it also involved a few players whose Liverpool careers were not quite as successful, such as left-back Emiliano Insua, right-back Glen Johnson and winger Ryan Babel – who was sent off in Benfica. DON'T MISS...Chelsea fans warned of conduct by Courtois ahead of Madrid clashPiers Morgan involved in Spanish exchange with ex-Arsenal ace CeballosMan Utd boss Ralf Rangnick could use RB Leipzig contacts  And Carragher took exception to the post, responding: “That team is a lot better than your punditry team.” The former defender has now deleted his own tweet but fans were quick to screenshot the exchange. Carragher’s dig was aimed at ex-Liverpool men’s forwards Crouch and Owen, and former Liverpool women’s goalkeeper Brown Finnis. The trio were BT’s pundits for the clash between Liverpool and Benfica. Carragher continued to tweet as Liverpool raced into a two-goal lead in the first half of their Champions League clash. Ibrahima Konate headed home the first before a wonderfully worked second goal saw Diaz head into Mane’s path for an easy finish. Carragher responded to Mane’s strike by tweeting: “Wow! What a goal!”  