Russia invaded Ukraine by land, sea and air two months ago today, sparking a devastating conflict that has killed thousands of people and displaced millions. Before the invasion, as more than 100,000 Russian troops assembled near the Ukraine border, Russian troops were widely expected to outmatch their Ukrainian counterparts on the battlefield. However, a different picture has emerged during the ongoing war as Russian President Vladimir Putin’s army has been hampered by Ukrainian resistance, as well as a string of technical and organisational issues. The state of the Russian military has been picked apart by defence expert Alexander Crowther. The academic is a non-resident senior fellow at the Center for European Policy Analysis (CEPA) and has held high-profile defence posts, including as the special assistant to the Supreme Allied Commander Europe. In an essay for CEPA this month the expert explained how heavily financed reforms to Russia’s military over the last 15 years have not paid off. He wrote: “Russia's dismal military performance in Ukraine has shown not only that it has failed to achieve several of its stated priorities, but also that it has ignored the basic building blocks central to the efficient working of military forces.” Mr Crowther claimed Russia’s performance in Ukraine has been “no better” than in its wars in Chechnya in the Nineties and Georgia in 2008. JUST IN: Putin ally Vladislav Avayev found dead in his Moscow apartment with wife and daughter He contrasted the state of modern Russia’s military to that of the Soviet Union, which had a huge ground force. The Soviets would send units into combat until they became “ineffective” before sending backup troops into areas where operations had been successful. However, Mr Crowther said: “This may have been sustainable during the Soviet period when they had a very large ground force and Warsaw Pact allies to provide additional forces. “With 850,000 active-duty forces, the modern Russian army is just not big enough to conduct large-scale offensive operations and occupy territories without reconstituting units. “Especially as their best soldiers were disproportionately concentrated in the BTGs initially sent into combat and badly battered by the Ukrainians.” He added: “It is fair to say that Russian military reforms have been a disaster, and not just for Russia. “Their failure means that the Kremlin can only succeed by falling back on old Twentieth Century doctrines of applying overwhelming firepower to a target, like a Ukrainian city, and occupying the rubble with ground forces.” As well as a lack of personnel, Russia is also reportedly running out of weapons to use in Ukraine. According to Pentagon analysis, Russia has fired 1,200 missiles into Ukraine, many of which are costly precision-guided munitions, which are hard to procure. In March an unnamed senior US defence official told reporters in a briefing that Russia is increasingly relying on dumb bombs – freefall bombs without a guidance system. DON'T MISS:Putin SNUBBED by Mariupol commander as Kremlin allies turn on Russian leader [LATEST]Best fighter jets in world: Top war planes ranked as Ukraine launches bid to defend skies [INSIGHT]Xi Jinping’s landmark BRI scheme crippled as friendly Putin relations take their toll [ANALYSIS] They said: “We do think that they are beginning to face some inventory issues with precision-guided munitions, which is one reason why you're seeing the increasing use of what we would call dumb bombs.” One of the other reasons the Russian military has performed so badly is because of reported corruption at the top. From 2010 to 2020, Russia invested some $626billion (£479billion) into its defence programme. However, a huge chunk of the funding has been siphoned off by oligarchs and Putin’s top officials known as the ‘siloviki’, who run his administration. The exact amount of money stolen is unknown but some estimates put it at 40 percent of the total funding. Russia has also suffered humiliating high-profile losses of its military hardware in Ukraine. Earlier this month, Russian warship Moskava, the flagship of its Black Sea Fleet, sank, the defence ministry said. The ministry claimed “stormy seas” caused the ship to sink, while Kyiv claimed it was hit by Ukrainian missiles.