Helen Skelton, 38, left fans stunned on Monday as she announced her split from her husband and father of her three children Richie Myler, 31. The rugby player, meanwhile, has yet to publicly comment on the split. However, he did share a cryptic message with his followers one week ago. The Leeds Rhinos star posted a snapshot showing him at training and wrote: "Light at the end of the tunnel [raised hands emoji]." It's thought that at the time of the post, Helen was away with their three children on a beach holiday, accompanied by her mum Janet. Countryfile star Helen later shared the news on Instagram that her and Richie would be parting ways. The star announced the heartbreaking news with a short statement on her Stories that read: "Very sad to say Richie and I are no longer a couple. READ MORE:Madonna, 63, ‘splits from boyfriend Ahlamalik Williams, 28' “He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co-parent our small children." Helen and Richie married in December 2013 and share three children together – Ernie, six, Louis, five, and baby daughter Elsie, who arrived on December 28 last year. In a past interview with the Northern Echo, Helen gave an insight into their marriage. "Marriages and relationships are not all plain sailing, but we approach it like teamwork," she shared. "Rich is the best dad. He's the 'sugar police' when it comes to their diet and insists on routine, whereas sometimes I'm anything for a quiet life, so we're a good balance." The pair previously dealt with a challenge as a couple when they moved to France back in 2015 for a period of time, so Richie could play for the Catalan Dragons. Helen told the Daily Mail's You Magazine in 2018 of the move: "I didn’t speak the language and I felt so isolated that I used to go into the local tourist office just to talk to someone who could speak English," "The loneliness was crushing even though the French wives and girlfriends would invite me on their nights out, which was kind. DONT MISS:Amber Heard has personality disorders, claims psychologist in court (PHOTOS)Liam Gallagher send Bonehead 'big love' amid Oasis star's cancer news (NEWS)‘Very emotional’ Alfie Boe 'triggered' after rare divorce insight (LATEST) "I would try to keep up by laughing and nodding – then somebody would ask if I understood and I would say no. They thought I was bonkers." Helen claimed French mums used jars of puree for their babies when they were busy, while British mothers "feel they have to apologise" when they don't use something organic or homemade. She also said French women could eat lots at meals but wouldn't "scoff a chocolate bar" or get a takeaway. Helen gave birth to her second son Louis in April 2017 on the kitchen floor in France. The fire brigade tried to help, but her friend ended up assisting her through labour. She told The Mirror: "I was in France and my husband was in England, and no one made it to me in time. "So I gave birth with just my three-year-old next to me, repeatedly hitting me on the head with a plastic sword, because he thought we were playing dinosaurs. "Terrifying. But I didn’t have a choice, I just had to get on with it."