Tyson Fury has claimed he only has "a couple of fights left" ahead of his huge showdown with Dillian Whyte at Wembley Stadium this Saturday. Fury has given fans mixed messages ahead of the defence of his WBC and The Ring heavyweight titles, initially declaring he would be retiring after the 'battle of Britain' with no interest in a unification bout afterwards with either Anthony Joshua or Oleksandr Usyk. However, his father John Fury then rubbished those claims, telling TalkSport his son would be fighting until he was 40. Indeed, the prospect of 'The Gypsy King' retiring without having had a shot at unifying the division seems an unlikely one. Indeed, the 33-year-old has now changed his tune on his original pledge, but still insists that the day when he steps down from the sport isn't far away: "“I’m not in this for a long time, I’m in it for a good time. I’ve got a couple of fights left and then that’s me done," he told The Telegraph. "I’m getting too old for this, I’m too long in the tooth for this - I’m 34 this year," he added. "I’ve had everything to deal with - weight loss, ups and downs, alcohol problems, drug problems. I’m probably around about 60 when it comes to boxing years." JUST IN: Boxing legend Mike Tyson 'repeatedly punches passenger' in furious plane scrap Fury's insinuation he hasn't got long left has been met with cynicism in some quarters, and seen as attempt to promote his clash with Whyte by billing it as his last huge bout. However, he cited the example of Wladimir Klitschko, who he surprisingly beat back in 2015, as reason not to prolong his career too far. “Klitschko all those years ago, I said to him ‘you were a good champion in your day, a good man. But Father Time has caught up with you. I said ‘you’ve got to move over for the younger guys coming through, give us a chance’. I’m the same now and I’m not far off the same age Wladimir was when I beat him." DON'T MISS:Eddie Hearn tells Dillian Whyte how he can beat Tyson Fury at WembleyDerek Chisora 'willing to put house' on Dillian Whyte knocking out Tyson FuryJohn Fury gives Dillian Whyte 1% chance to beat son Tyson as he makes Grand National joke A scheduled rematch between Fury and the Ukrainian never took place, with the 'Manchester man' initially suffering injury problems before failing a doping test. Klitschko then went on to lose to Joshua before retiring. The build-up to Fury v Whyte has been plagued by a row over the purse split, with the challenger not turning up to the initial press conference or open workout. However, the pair have verbally sparred this week ahead of Friday's weigh-in. 