WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Peaky Blinders season six. Peaky Blinders season six comes to an end on Sunday night with fans anxiously waiting to find out the fate of Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) and if he will die from his terminal illness. Over the years, Tommy has faced many demons and overcome trials and tribulations throughout the 10 years of the hit BBC show. The actor recently looked back over his time playing Tommy and touched on the show's success, referring to the family unit the cast and crew made. During an episode with Cillian speaking about Peaky Blinders on BBC iPlayer, he admitted that the show was an "unexpected" success. He explained: "The ambition was always very, very big, anything that you think might happen, something entirely different happens, and that to me is great great white. "It is almost a decade of people's lives, and we have been through a lot together, it has been a trip, and it has been unexpected, and I am just very thankful for it, really." Cillian also went on to explain how the show wasn't an overnight success and praised the BBC for taking a risk on a programme which hadn't been done before. READ MORE: Pensioner insists she's not hard up on £12K a year 'I'm happy' "It wasn't overnight that the thing became successful, it was very, very gradual and incremental that it became something. "It took to their [audiences] hearts really, it tapped into something that hadn't been done, certainly British television before, which sort of mythologised the working class. "The UK had made plenty of shows about the aristocracy it never made a period show about the working class. "Then people love gangsters don't they, because gangsters live this cold outside life, our own moral code, and it is quite unique and beguiling and intriguing. "I feel like we have done some good work," he concluded. As the long-awaited final episode in the series grows closer, Tommy's life, achievements and failures are set to be laid out. The synopsis for the final episode reads: "A war veteran who fought in the trenches, Tommy Shelby has been a gangster, an entrepreneur, a captain of industry, a spy and ultimately a Member of Parliament. “In the course of this odyssey, he has taken on numerous criminal organisations, business adversaries, foreign insurgents and the British Establishment itself. DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders theory: Tommy Shelby’s death sealed in synopsis clue [INSIGHT]Peaky Blinders fans fume over Alfie Solomons absence 'Where is he!' [LATEST]Peaky Blinders theory: Tommy's death unavoidable in 'mortal man' clue? [WATCH] "Now, in the 1930s, as the clouds of the coming storm gather, he faces the consequences of his experiences and his actions." The series was originally supposed to end during season five, with creator Steven Knight changing his mind. He told Digital Spy and other press: "I love doing it. I love the world, we were originally going to end it with this series [five]. "But I just thought that there are so many people who are just getting into it now. It'd be such a shame to stop." In 2018 Steven initially told Birmingham Press Club he would probably do a season seven, but sadly for fans, they concluded their story with the sixth season. The death of Helen McCrory, who played Aunt Polly, forced things to shift within the series, alongside the increasing demand for the cast. Cillian was wanted in Hollywood and is starring in Christopher Nolan's Oppenheimer next year. Peaky Blinders series six final episode airs on Sunday on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.