Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick 'understands' fan frustrations after a group staged the latest protest against owners, the Glazer family, on Friday. 'A couple dozen' supporters gathered outside the Carrington training facility ahead of the press conference. A United fan group has organised a protest against the Glazer family to take place in the hours leading up to Saturday's game against Norwich City at Old Trafford. But a group of a 'couple dozen' protesters, according to those at the scene, made their message clear at the Carrington entrance a day earlier. A United spokesperson clarified the situation once police dispersed the group, naming it a 'small and peaceful protest'. The statement read: "There was a small and peaceful protest outside the Carrington training ground today. We respect the opinions of fans and remain committed to strengthening our engagement with them." Ahead of the Premier League clash against Norwich, Rangnick accepted that fans aren't currently happy with the level of performance on the pitch. The German coach described United's fans as 'the best in England' and supported the protests as long as they remained 'peaceful'. JUST IN: Ajax boss Erik ten Hag responds after being congratulated over Utd job  He said: "We all know that football is a game of passions and emotions, and we can all understand. I can understand the supporters being disappointed about where we stand in the table and the performance against Everton. "I still believe our supporters are one of the best, if not the best in England, as long as they do the protest in a peaceful way and as long as they still support the team in the stadium. They have the right to express their opinion. Emotionally I can understand them being disappointed." READ MORE: Ferdinand started choking Ronaldo after amazing Man Utd goal vs Porto United will look to reignite their bid for a top-four finish when they host Norwich after stumbling in recent weeks against Leicester City and Everton. Fans watching at the ground, anti-Glazer or not, will demand a response from the torrid showing at Goodison Park last time out. The Red Devils are six points behind fourth-place Tottenham with seven games left to play and still face daunting away tests against Liverpool in midweek and Arsenal next weekend before hosting Chelsea later in the run-in. Rangnick's primary goal could soon be to finish above West Ham United and avoid the Europa Conference League, should his side's woes continue. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.