While cruise crew work extremely hard to keep ships clean, it can be easy to become ill on a cruise holiday. Covid might have captured everyone’s attention in the last few years but there’s another illness that could ruin a cruise holiday. Norovirus also called the ‘vomiting bug’ is a particularly unpleasant sickness that causes vomiting and diarrhoea. People may also suffer from a high temperature, headache and aching arms and legs when they have the virus. On Channel 5’s When Posh Holidays Go Horribly Wrong, one couple shared how their dream holiday was ruined by a bout of norovirus. READ MORE: Cruise crew member shares how to qualify for ‘perks’ Express.co.uk spoke to Dr Sarah Brewer, Healthspan Medical Director, to hear her tips to avoid the virus. She told Express.co.uk: “Visitors travelling abroad are especially susceptible to gastroenteritis as food hygiene may be less strict, and resistance is low to foreign bacteria and viruses to which you have not previously been exposed to. “You will have to trust the ship’s kitchen staff in preparing food but use hand sanitiser yourself and wash your hands regularly.” Passengers who are particularly worried could consider avoiding the ship’s buffet as that is likely to be the most high-risk area. Dr Sarah added: “When going on trips off the ship take a full water bottle with you. “If having to buy water off the ship, then ensure the bottle is sealed, carbonated is safer than still water as it’s less likely to have been filled from the tap. “Make sure all hot food in restaurants seems cooked thoroughly and is served piping hot rather than merely warm.” If there is an outbreak of norovirus on the ship, it’s a good idea to avoid close contact with other guests. Passengers could even stay in their cabin if they are particularly worried about contracting the virus. Express.co.uk also spoke to Hussain Abdeh, clinical director and superintendent pharmacist at Medicine Direct. He told Express.co.uk: “Even before Covid, most cruise ships would ask that you sanitise your hands before entering restaurants and areas that serve food onboard the ship. “Hand sanitiser stations are available all over the ship, and you should at the very least ensure you make good use of them when entering and leaving restaurants. “Carrying a small bottle of hand sanitiser, which you can use when entering entertainment rooms, bars and gyms help to provide an added layer of protection.” He added: “Tell the staff if you notice anyone coughing on the food that is open to germs. Buffets and self service are very common aboard cruise ships and not everyone will take the safety and sanitation of others as seriously as you. “Therefore, you should do your bit to ensure that hygiene standards are maintained, both for your sake and the sake of all other passengers. “Notify staff if you see people helping themselves with their hands instead of using serving tongs, or not sanitising their hands.”