Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal’s “fair” attitude on the court could get “boring” according to a retired pro. Anke Huber said the two had ushered in a sportsmanlike era of tennis but admitted she didn’t want every player on tour to follow suit and instead was happy to see some “emotion” on the match court in the wake of recent outbursts from Alexander Zverev and Nick Kyrgios. On-court behaviour has been the talk of the tennis world in recent weeks, catching fire when Zverev was withdrawn from the ATP 500 in Acapulco for smashing an umpire’s chair with his racket. Kyrgios then received back-to-back fines for an audible obscenity and narrowly avoiding a ballboy when throwing his racket in Indian Wells, and his tirade at the umpire at the Miami Open. Former WTA world No 4 Anke Huber has now weighed in on the debate of etiquette from tennis players and admitted it would be “boring” if nobody showed passion during a match within reason, citing Federer and Nadal as examples of players who remain calm on the court.  “I was always very emotional on the court, but I never projected that onto the referee, only onto myself,” Huber told Eurosport Germany. “John McEnroe and Jimmy Connors used to make it quite normal for the referee to be attacked. Later we had this phase with Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal, who always behaved sportsman-like and very fairly. But if everyone just looks straight ahead and doesn't make a peep, it gets boring.” JUST IN: Tennis ace slaps opponent at the net causing ugly brawl  The German ex-pro also defended her compatriot Zverev for his attack in Mexico, saying it wasn’t his “true self” but said outbursts needed to be directed towards the players themselves and not the officials. She continued: “I don't think emotions are bad, but they mustn't be insulting and must remain within certain limits. If it gets too much, you shouldn't take the boys apart right away. “With Alexander Zverev in Acapulco it was extreme, yes. Nobody liked seeing that. In my eyes, however, this is not his true face. He had played until five in the morning the day before. Sometimes you have to look at the circumstances because he was certainly physically drained. But that's no excuse.” DON'T MISSMedvedev and Russian players face fresh ban threat from WimbledonRaducanu a 'more effective' character for tennis than KyrgiosSwiatek 'cried for 40 minutes' after Barty announced shock retirement  The 12-time title winner also had her own theory for why the younger players were the ones involved in the recent controversies. “From my point of view, the whole thing is also due to our free way of bringing up children,” she explained. “That is reflected on the pitch. The respect has become less - but that's a general problem. The question is how the associations will continue to handle this. You can't let and allow certain behaviours like that. A limit must be set.”   