Meghan Markle and Prince Harry made their first joint trip to the UK since stepping back as senior royals last week. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex visited Windsor Castle to have tea with the Queen on April 14, on their way to The Hague to attend the Invictus Games. Harry told NBC's Today show earlier this week: “Being with her, it was great. It was so nice to see her... she's on great form. “She's always got such a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure she's protected and got the right people around her.” Meghan and Harry chose to leave the Royal Family in 2020 and moved to Montecito, California to become financially independent. At the time of their announcement, senior royals were understood to be "hurt" by Meghan and Harry’s decision to leave the Royal Family. Following their departure, the couple launched their “Sussex Royal” website, which featured their wish list for a part-time, commercial, Royal future. This surprise move reportedly upset William most, according to royal author Robert Jobson. He reported that a source close to Prince William said he felt they had “blindsided the Queen in such an insulting and disrespectful way”. Writing for the Mail Online, he said: “‘That was it for William – he felt they’d blindsided the Queen in such an insulting and disrespectful way,’ said a source close to him.” The Queen later decreed that Harry and Meghan could no longer use the word “Royal” in future ventures. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry plot PR fightback with ex-Obama aide as image battered [LIVE BLOG]Kate and Wills' kids set for 'visible' Jubilee role as George, Charlotte and Louis step up [REPORT]Sophie Wessex 'keeps cool' as 'frenzied bird' swoops at royal and sends sunglasses flying [VIDEO] The couple took part in a tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021 and made a series of claims about their time as members of the Royal Family. Harry said William and Prince Charles were “trapped” within the Firm. He said: “My father and my brother, they are trapped. “They don’t get to leave. And I have huge compassion for that.” This left William “staggered” as he was far from feeling trapped, telling friends he fully embraced and understood the path ahead of him. A senior figure said: “He was furious. He thought it was not only bad manners, but frankly bloody rude to make those claims on his behalf, with no authority, and made worse because it was total nonsense.” William took the lead in helping the Royal Family deal with the aftermath of Meghan and Harry’s interview. He was a key figure in conversations between the Queen and Charles on how to counter Harry and Meghan’s verbal attacks. Since the couple’s departure, Harry has only returned to the UK on two occasions to attend his grandfather Prince Philip's funeral and later to unveil a statue of his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales. The couple’s decision was confirmed in February 2021 following a 12-month review period. Announcing the decision to leave, a Buckingham Palace statement read: “The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have confirmed to Her Majesty The Queen that they will not be returning as working members of the Royal Family. “Following conversations with the Duke, the Queen has written confirming that in stepping away from the work of the Royal Family, it is not possible to continue with the responsibilities and duties that come with a life of public service. “The honorary military appointments and Royal patronages held by the Duke and Duchess will therefore be returned to Her Majesty, before being redistributed among working members of the Royal Family. “While we all are saddened by their decision, the Duke and Duchess remain much loved members of the family”.