Chelsea have received a late bid for ownership of the club from Britain's richest man Jim Ratcliffe, according to reports. The British billionaire, owner of the Ineos company, sent the bid to the merchant bank which is conducting the process on Friday morning, according to the Times. Ratcliffe's bid is said to be in the region of an eye-watering £4billion, and discussions have already taken place with Chelsea chairman Bruce Buck. The Blues are rapidly running out of time when it comes to finding an ownership to succeed Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich, who put the club up for sale following the clamping down of sanctions placed upon him by the Government. Chelsea, as a result, have found themselves operating on an emergency basis regarding ticketing sales, merchandise and general day-to-day finances of the club. READ MORE: Tottenham's Eriksen return hopes boosted as midfielder makes 'preference' clear “We put an offer in this morning,” Ratcliffe told The Times. “We are the only British bid. Our motives are simply to try and create a very fine club in London. We have no profit motive because we make our money in other ways.” A pledge has reportedly been made to ensure the future progress of the west London outfit, including a package of sustained spending. Ratcliffe and his party are said to be willing to invest £1.75 billion over ten years in the club in terms of developing Stamford Bridge, the team and infrastructure - on top of meeting the valuation of about £2.5 billion for the purchase of the club outright. Roy Keane rants after Man Utd draw to Chelsea as Jamie Redknapp holds back laughter [REACTION]West Ham fans 'attack' German media after Michail Antonio goal against Frankfurt[REPORT]Liverpool 'considering two more signings' after completing Fabio Carvalho transfer[GOSSIP]  Ratcliffe has previously held a season ticket at Chelsea after taking up residence in west London several years ago, though has in past interviews confessed to being a fan of Manchester United. The 69-year-old has been linked with on-off potential bids to acquire United, with talk gaining in volume during the fan backlash against the Glazer family in 2021. Nonetheless, the billionare is now hoping to take the final steps in acquiring Chelsea, and in doing so fighting off rival bids which have included the like of Formula 1 star Lewis Hamilton and tennis legend Serena Williams.