Russian President Vladimir Putin has tried to quash opposition to his war in Ukraine, with police arresting protestors and the media strictly following the Kremlin's orders. But some experts believe Russia's authoritarian regime could face opposition over its invasion of Ukraine. Brian Taylor, a professor at Syracuse University and author of The Code of Putinism. said last month that the risk to Putin's leadership is increasing. He said: “Before [the war], the risk from either of those threats (coup or revolution) was close to zero. And now the risk in both of those respects is certainly higher." Mr Taylor made the comments while talking to Vox. David Rothkopf, an international affairs expert, recently wrote for the Daily Beast about Putin's leadership. He said: “Vladimir Putin’s attack on Ukraine will result in the downfall of him and his friends. “If history is any guide, his overreach and his miscalculations, his weaknesses as a strategist, and the flaws in his character will undo him.” Adam Casey, a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Michigan who studies the history of coups in Russia and the former Soviet Union disagrees however. He told Vox: “Putin has prepared for this eventuality for a long time, and has taken a lot of concerted actions to make sure he’s not vulnerable." It wasn't just ordinary Russians who were left saddened by the war, even some of the country's most influential and wealthy people called for Putin to end the conflict. Oleg Deripaska, the billionaire businessman, called for peace “as fast as possible” in a Telegram last month. Another oligarch, Mikhail Fridman, broke ranks with the Kremlin and called for an end to Russia's war in Ukraine. Mr Fridman said: "My parents are Ukrainian citizens and live in Lviv, my favourite city. But I have also spent much of my life as a citizen of Russia, building and growing businesses. "I am deeply attached to Ukrainian and Russian peoples and see the current conflict as a tragedy for them both. "This crisis will cost lives and damage two nations who have been brothers for hundreds of years. While a solution seems frighteningly far off, I can only join those whose fervent desire is for the bloodshed to end." READ MORE: Putin attempting to avoid death by using oppression Putin's daughters were sanctioned today as the West tries to ramp up the pressure on Russia. The sanctions targeting Maria Vorontsova and Katerina Tikhonova, two adult daughters of Putin’s with his former wife Lyudmila Shkrebneva, were announced by the White House, as the UK announced further economic sanctions and restrictions on eight oligarchs, while the EU wrangled over banning Russian coal. The US said “full blocking” sanctions would also be imposed on the foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov’s, wife and daughter and members of Russia’s security council, including the former president and prime minister Dmitry Medvedev. DON'T MISS Ukraine uses Russia's OWN 'blazing sun' weapon against them [INSIGHT] Ukraine prosecutor confesses to passing state secrets to Russia [ANALYSIS] Putin humiliated as Russia 'doomed' to 'last days' of Soviet Union [INSIGHT] The Joe Biden administration said: “These individuals have enriched themselves at the expense of the Russian people. "Some of them are responsible for providing the support necessary to underpin Putin’s war on Ukraine. This action cuts them off from the US financial system and freezes any assets they hold in the United States. “We believe that many of Putin’s assets are hidden with family members, and that’s why we’re targeting them."