Dr Michael Mosley is a huge advocate of the 800 calorie Keto diet, where slimmers almost totally eliminate carbohydrates from their food intake. However, this only works when they up their protein – and what is a better source of protein than an egg? Crash diets don't work, according to Dr Michael, unless dieters consume enough protein. "Eat too little protein, they say, and you'll be tormented by cravings and likely to over-indulge in all the wrong foods," he told Channel 4. The weight loss guru recommends that those trying to lose weight aim for 60g of protein per day. A medium sized boiled egg alone provides around 6.4g of protein. Dr Michael's go-to breakfast is an a mushroom omelette, saying: “It’s one of my go-to breakfasts and it’s great for brunch." But why is the weight loss guru such a big fan of eggs? READ MORE: Michael Mosley: 'Burn fat around tummy’ with the keto diet  "It only has about 70-80 calories, and it contains lots of high-quality protein plus other things like vitamin D and selenium," he revealed to The Art of Wellness. Selenium is a mineral that is essential for thyroid function, which, among other things, helps to regulate weight. Getting enough selenium (about 55mcg for adults) in foods such as Brazil nuts, fish, ham, beef, turkey - and of course, eggs - is a great way to stay slim. On another occasion, Dr Michael spoke about his love for the healthy breakfast food. He stated: "For breakfast I’ve got eggs and asparagus. "I’m a huge fan of eggs, eggs fill you up." Versatile as well as nutritious, dieters can enjoy scrambled, boiled or poached eggs - "however, you want them". If eggs can be enjoyed with another source of protein, for example turkey breast or salmon, even better. “No toast I’m afraid, plenty of tea and coffee, plenty of fluid," he said in conversation with the BBC. Minimising carb intake is essential to bring the body into a state of ketosis. By cutting calories to just 800 and reducing carbohydrates to less than 50g per day, the body can start burning fat rather than sugar, meaning slimmers can achieve rapid weight loss. Speaking of those on the keto diet, he said: "They will have run through their sugar supply and the body would have flipped over into major fat burning." One of Dr Michael's delicious egg-based recipes to start the day off right with is Keto Vegetarian Traybake Breakfast. ½ large tomato, quartered One Portobello mushroom 50g halloumi, cubed ½tbsp olive oil Two large free range egg Preheat the oven to fan forced 180°C/200°C/400°F/Gas mark six and line a baking tray with paper. Place tomato and mushroom on the tray and drizzle with olive oil – season with salt and pepper. Add halloumi onto the tray. Bake for 20 minutes. Remove the tray from the oven, create a little space, crack the eggs onto the tray and return to the oven for about five minutes – until the eggs are cooked to your liking.