Gutters are often overlooked when it comes to household cleaning, but they can quickly become blocked with dirt, mould and debris if left unchecked. Clearing these curved pipes doesn’t have to be done regularly, but doing it just a few times a year is crucial to keep your gutters clear and stable. While checking for visible overflow is one way to know if your gutters need to be cleaned, there are a number of other telltale signs to look out for. Gutters are an integral part of the home, yet few homeowners take the time to clear them out. Not only are blocked and dirty gutters unsightly, but they can also lead to serious structural problems if they’re not cleaned out. Luckily, cleaning out gutters is easy to do yourself - and these are the key signs that it’s time to get it done. READ MORE: How to clean your washing machine with easy ingredients Dirty gutters can attract an array of creatures, with everything from birds to squirrels and even cats being drawn to edible debris in filthy pipes. If you notice excessive or unusual noises from the roof of your property or see more animals gathered around your home, it is likely that your gutters need a good clean. An overflow of water is yet another sign that your gutter is dirty and clogged up. At first glance, it might seem like a harmless trickle or runoff, but it can quickly worsen if left uncorrected. Overflowing gutters have the potential to cause deep structural damage such as cracking, mould and a leaky roof. Trailing plants and mossy overgrowth is one of the most obvious signs of a dirty gutter. Weeds will be the most common plant to appear, but some smaller plants and flowers could also appear with time. Plants grow well in gutters when there’s enough soil and nutrients in the piping which allows foliage to thrive. While the fresh growth might look inviting, it’s a surefire sign that your gutters are in need of a thorough clean. DON'T MISS:Weed killer: Why baking soda is ideal to banish weeds cheaply [INSIGHT]12 things to plant in April - why now is crucial for summer blooms [REVEAL]How to get rid of dandelions - 4 ways to banish flowering weeds [ANALYSIS] Blocked gutters can cause significant damage over time when stagnant water is unable to flow through the pipes. This is a direct consequence of overflowing water, yet many of us ignore these visible signs of damage. Treat cracks and unusual crevices in the same way as a leaking roof and take it as a sign that your gutter is in need of a clear-out. Heavy rainfall will have nowhere to drain to in a blocked gutter, and it’s an obvious sign that you need to clear out the pipe. When water and debris build up, it can eventually leak into your home and leave unsightly stains or even mould within your home, so it's a good idea to take unusual leaks seriously. The weight of built-up dirt, grime, and debris can collapse gutters and leave them to sag. This can also happen when excessive plant growth gathers around the guttering, but it can cause long term damage to your property if left untreated. Look for sagging after a period of heavy rainfall when the debris is left to soak up extra rainwater and becomes increasingly heavy. Blocked gutters can cause serious internal damage to your home in bouts of heavy rain and flooding. Leaks and cracks will leave staining and mildew which can often come with an unpleasant musty scent. Check your gutters at the first sign of staining in order to avoid expensive repairs. When the time comes to clean your gutters, it can be done in just a few simple steps. To give your gutters a deep clean, you should: