Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) cheated death once again in the final ever episode of Peaky Blinders after realising Dr Holford (Aneurin Barnard) had given him a wrong diagnosis. Steven Knight confirmed the sixth season would be the last to air on BBC One as the series looks forward to the upcoming film. After the final episode, the broadcaster took to Twitter to praise the show’s fans. The tweet read: “Thanks for watching #PeakyBlinders. “Thank you to all the incredible fans who have been a part of the journey over the last ten years. “We couldn’t have done it without your support. Now we Peaky Blinders rest.” (sic) The BBC tweeted the tribute alongside an image of the iconic Peaky Blinders flat cap. Read more: Peaky Blinders ending: Film spin-off sequel confirmed Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) cheated death once again in the final ever episode of Peaky Blinders after realising Dr Holford (Aneurin Barnard) had given him a wrong diagnosis. Steven Knight confirmed the sixth season would be the last to air on BBC One as the series looks forward to the upcoming film. After the final episode, the broadcaster took to Twitter to praise the show’s fans. Fans of the series rushed to share their thoughts on the beloved series coming to an end. @LFCKen24 tweeted: “Was not expecting Tommy to survive but boy am I glad.” @AS__1976 added: “Brilliant, compelling and the best TV series over the last ten years, sad it’s over but a great ending in my opinion, thank you for the journey #PeakyBlinders.” (sic) “The best drama ever, again a superb episode, epic #PeakyBlinders,” @GailAbbeySoSpa remarked. @WEThomps5 remarked: “Wow fantastic ! Well done to all the cast & crew…iconic television. #PeakyBlinders #talent.” (sic) “What a fantastic and perfect ending to the best TV in the past 10 years. Perfect send off,” @AjaxReloadedAlt said. (sic) @margo_ross48 praised: “Ending did not disappoint. He’s free at last! Long live Tommy Shelby!” The last season of Peaky Blinders has received some criticism as creator Steven opted for a slower pace to give fans an insight into Tommy’s psyche. DON'T MISSPeaky Blinders' boss releases trailer for new show SAS: Rogue Heroes [INSIGHT]Not to be admired" Peaky Blinders historian slams BBC drama [VIDEO]Cillian Murphy says goodbye to Peaky Blinders [INTERIVEW] The gang leader has spent the final episodes carefully preparing for his death after receiving his terminal diagnosis. Many of the show’s best-loved characters including Arthur Shelby (Paul Anderson), Michael Gray (Finn Cole) and Finn Shelby (Harry Kirton) took a backseat. However, newcomer Conrad Khan who plays Tommy’s illegitimate son Duke Shelby shut down the mixed reviews. The actor said: “I mean, episode five was quite exciting. The garrotting scene in the bath… that was one of the most violent scenes I've seen, certainly in the series. “But I study film. I study it at uni. I've done it for a year-and-a-half. And some of the films we have to watch are a little bit boring. “They're two-and-a-half-hour, black-and-white, silent, 1920s, very abstract…” “So I don't mind going into somebody's… internal, emotional state for an hour,” he told Digital Spy. “But I guess the show is built on action and excitement. So I can see why some people might think that. But for me, I don't mind it, actually." Peaky Blinders is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.