In March, plug in hybrids (PHEV) made up 6.6 percent of the market share of UK vehicles, while hybrid vehicles (HEV) represented 11.4 percent of newly registered vehicles. Despite this, Aidan McClean, Founder of UFODRIVE, Europe’s biggest all electric car hire company, argued that hybrid cars are slowing the transition to electric vehicles. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “Hybrid cars are more than outdated and pointless. “They are holding back to the transition to clean transport and net-zero. “They briefly had a place, back in the 1990s, in demonstrating electric technology, but now have no place in the world - and I would go as far as to say that they should be banned along with combustion engines as soon as possible. “The reason I propose such a draconian measure is because hybrid cars are not only doing very little to help, they are actually slowing the transition to zero emission fully electric cars. READ MORE: Driver who queued for 17 minutes to pay for parking gets fined £270 “This is due to two main reasons; firstly, they are an unnecessary distraction for consumers, and secondly, they are blocking infrastructure which should only be used for fully electric cars. “Many people want to drive more efficient, and therefore more fuel friendly machines – and at first glance, a hybrid appears to be the answer to both. “You will never have to worry about running out of range, because you still have an internal combustion engine in a hybrid car, and you can feel good about yourself because you are reducing your emissions, right? Wrong.” Hybrid cars are often seen as more environmentally friendly than petrol and diesel vehicles because they have an electric battery, which can allow the car to travel without any exhaust emissions temporarily. DON'T MISSGB News guest claims electric car 'broke after a few months' [INSIGHT]Motorists risk £1,000 fine for asking for spare change at car park [SHOCKING]More than half of all new cars in the UK should be electric by 2028 [ANALYSIS] However, the presence of an electric battery and a fuel tank makes the vehicle far heavier and less efficient in terms of needing to fill up more often. In November 2021, Channel 4’s Dispatches programme discovered that certain groups of potentially harmful pollutants are worse in some new hybrid cars than some new diesels. With an electric motor, hybrids can reduce exhaust emissions of carbon dioxide, nitrogen oxide and particulate matter. Tyre wear is also a huge problem for hybrid vehicles with tyres releasing more particulate matter with the heavier weight of the car. Mr McClean, who also authored “Electric Revolution: Myths and truths about electric vehicles and the climate disaster”, spoke of the environmental toll hybrids can have. He continued, saying: “Three of the most popular plug-ins in 2020 all emitted more CO2 than advertised when tested in the real world, according to research by Transport and Environment – and this matches previous research on older models. “With a plug-in hybrid, PHEV, you usually charge a very small battery that gives limited range, typically less than 50 kilometres on electric, and the rest of the time you're on gasoline. “So, although you could say that 50 clean kilometres is better than nothing at all, as they have to carry around the weight of the internal combustion engine and its fuel, the effects are more than negligible.” The Government is still pushing ahead with its ban on the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles from 2030. A similar ban on hybrids is expected in 2035, but many believe this will not have the desired effect, especially as the Government strive to be net zero by 2050. The Department of Transport have previously said: “Hybrid cars and vans have an important role to play to achieve our phase-out date and will only be allowed to be sold between 2030 and 2035 if they deliver significant zero emission capability. “By 2035 all new cars and vans will be zero emission at the tailpipe. Before 2035 we will continue to regulate emissions from non-electric vehicles.”