Bradley Walsh struggled to hide his amusement as a set of potential answers were revealed which could be interpreted rudely. Chaser Anne Hegerty tried to get him over the hurdle by stating "you can do it, Brad," as he was left speechless over the innuendo. Stifling his laughter, he just about managed to get through the answers and carry on as viewers took to social media to relish in the funny exchange and "the look on Bradley's face". It came during finance business partner Nick's turn, in which he competed against Chaser Anne Hegerty. "The breakfast food known in Scotland as 'tattie scones' go by what name in Ireland?" Bradley asked. He went on to read: "A, fadge, B, menge or C, clonge." Bradley pulled a face and tried not to laugh while ripples of laughter emerged in the studio at the innuendos. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces Spotting her co-host was struggling to keep it together, Anne remarked: "You can do it, Brad." After fighting to compose himself, Bradley took a breath and asked Nick: "Okay, so what have you put?" "I've gone for A," the 45-year-old replied as Bradley commented: "Thank the lord, eh." As the audience laughed, Nick said: "I know that's a thing." "Fadge?" Bradley asked as chuckles continued around the set before Nick went on: "In the world of bread and breakfast food." He added: "I'm not sure if it's the right one, though." "That's what you want for breakfast, a touch of fadge," Bradley joked as the live viewers roared with laughter once again. "Alright, to go through with £5,000, we have fadge," the presenter continued. Nick turned out to be correct, and Bradley asked Anne: "Did you get that right or did you go 'clonge'?" DON'T MISS... Wim Hof wife: How the Iceman's late wife inspired techniques [LATEST]Clarkson's Farm star Kaleb brands London 'f***ing awful' [VIDEO]All Creatures Great and Small star speaks on Mrs Hall romance [INTERVIEW] "No, I got that right," Anne laughed. "My first thought was farl, I thought, 'no wait, that's bread'." Anne, also known as The Governess, went on: "But I thought, 'yeah, this is similar'." "My first thought was, 'I've got to get out of here'," Bradley quipped. It didn't take long for the internet to join Bradley in laughing at the cheeky question. Twitter user @DeliaCazzato wrote: "So love @BradleyWalsh he’s so professional. love #TheChase his face I was laughing." @SteveHaylesALAW penned: "Fancy some #Fadge for breakfast #thechase." @DarthBlingBling asked: "#TheChase fadge menge and clonge, this is a family show, how do I explain this to my child!" Brian Harris added: "Brad should win a BAFTA just for the look on his face during that question about fadge. #thechase." Emily Cooke commented: "You just know when ‘fadge, menge and clonge’ come up Brad is f***ed  #TheChase." "Fadge making #TheChase, the amount of times I've brought this up and people think I'm taking the p***," @weeman_com remarked. (sic) The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.