Queen Elizabeth II will turn 96 on Thursday, April 21, marking the first of her two birthday celebrations this year. Her Majesty’s official birthday will be celebrated on June 2 with Trooping the Colour – a jubilant parade from Buckingham Palace down The Mall – kicking off a long weekend of Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The event is usually a joyous occasion; however, the 1981 edition was anything but, as a lone gunman burst forward in the crowd and opened fire on the Queen as she rode by on horseback. The 17-year-old gunman Marcus Serjeant let off six blank rounds from his starting pistol, which he pointed directly at Her Majesty. The teenager was swiftly tackled by multiple police officers, with help from some members of the public. In footage of the incident, Her Majesty appears startled but she quickly regains her composure and begins to comfort Burmese. The 19-year-old horse was given as a gift to the Queen by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police Force. She had traditionally ridden it in all her birthday parades since 1969. Mr Vickers claimed the attempt on the Queen’s life demonstrated her assured nature even in the most challenging of circumstances. He said: “The Queen is a great believer in being seen. She doesn’t like being driven around in dark cars. “If you ever really want to know what she was like, just look at that footage of her when he fired a blank at her at the Trooping the Colour. DON'T MISS: 'Harry's expression says it all!' Duke and Meghan Markle's body language analysed [LATEST]Prince Harry once wore 'budgie smugglers' at Invictus Games event: 'Meghan will love them' [INSIGHT]POLL: Should young royals start taking over more duties from the Queen? [ANALYSIS] “She just dropped her reins, controlled her horse and went right through that whole parade as if nothing had happened.” This year, the nation will observe a particularly special Trooping the Colour parade, which will form part of celebrations marking 70 years of the Queen’s reign. More than 1,400 soldiers, 400 musicians and 200 horses will take part in the procession down The Mall to Horse Guard’s Parade. The annual event, which will be shown live on BBC One, will be watched by the Queen and other royals from the balcony of the Palace. Trooping the Colour will be just one of several events held to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The historic milestone commemorates Her Majesty’s 70 years on the throne – a feat no other British monarch has achieved.