Brave Ukrainian soldiers have been filmed casually moving anti-tank landmines out of the way with their feet. A video, shared by the defence reporter for The Kyiv Independent, jokingly referred to the moment as 'Ukrainian curling'. The incredible moment was captured near Kyiv, where “huge” battles are being fought to the north and east of the city, according to its mayor Vitaliy Klitschko. The reporter, Illia Ponomarenko, has earned over a million followers so far as he shares eyewitness stories and moments from the frontline of the conflict. Alongside the video, he tweeted: "Yes, the Ukrainian military are just kicking anti-tank landmines. "It’s called the Ukrainian curling on the Warsaw Highway close to Kyiv." The video mirrors another posted on social media this week which showed cars carefully driving around landmines on the road also near Kyiv. JUST IN: Russian oil depot 25miles from Ukrainian border on FIRE In that video, which quickly went viral, the vehicles can be seen slowly navigating the grid of anti-tank mines on the E373 road near the village of Potashnya, north-west of Kyiv. One former British Army tank commander pointed out that the mines appear to be Soviet-era TM-62M anti-tank mines. Justin Crump said the mines carry around 7.5kg (16.5lbs) of explosives, which explode only when subjected to significant pressure. Reports last year found that eastern Ukraine was one of the most mine-contaminated areas in the world following the Crimean War in 2014 and now the Russian invasion. This comes as Mayor Klitschko warned residents who wanted to return to the city to wait a bit longer. He said: "The risk of dying in Kyiv is pretty high, and that’s why my advice to anyone who wants to come back is: Please, take a little bit more time." Kyiv’s regional governor said earlier today that Russian forces were pulling back in some areas around the capital but strengthening in others. DON'T MISS: Keir Starmer's solution to cut energy bills ripped apart [INTERVIEW]Will Smith ‘should have Oscar withdrawn’ after Chris Rock slap [POLL]Ukraine LIVE: Russia pulling troops back - Putin's next move unclear [LIVE BLOG] Oleksiy Arestovych, an adviser to President Zelensky, said Ukrainian forces were pushing back Russian troops north of Kyiv. He also said that the besieged port city of Mariupol was still holding out from Russian control despite weeks of catastrophic bombardment. Ukraine has so far refused to "confirm or reject" Russian claims that its forces carried out a strike on a fuel depot in the Russian city of Belgorod earlier today. The governor of the Belgorod region said the attack was carried out by two Ukrainian helicopters. If confirmed, it would be the first time Ukrainian aircraft have flown into Russian airspace to hit a target since the war began.