Nuno Tavares has broken his silence and responded to the criticism he received in the Arsenal's 3-0 loss to Crystal Palace on Monday. The Portugal star was subbed off at half-time in a dour showing that stunted the Gunners' Champions League qualification hopes.  Tavares was fast-tracked into the starting XI after regular left-back Kieran Tierney picked up an injury for Scotland in the international break. The former Celtic star is expected to be out of action for the rest of the season, giving Arsenal an uphill battle in their race for the top four. Tavares filled in and was given the task of stopping Jordan Ayew from displaying his magic at Selhurst Park. But a horrific performance from the ex-Benfica ace allowed Ayew to score, and Palace ran him ragged until the interval. Manager Mikel Arteta took him off in place of Gabriel Martinelli at the break in a radical change-up. And after Tavares received criticism from fans and pundits alike for his performance, he has responded on Twitter by acknowledging his poor performance in south London. BREAKING: Man Utd begin work on Kalvin Phillips transfer as welcoming present for Erik ten Hag "Monday was an extremely frustrating night for me personally, for the team and the fans," Tavares posted. "It’s important to pick ourselves up, learn from the mistakes and react positively for Saturday’s game. "Still a lot to fight for. COYG." Former Arsenal striker Kevin Campbell backed Tavares to get back to his best, given that he will likely play at left-back for the remainder of the season. “His confidence is low, that’s for sure. As you said, you fear for him because we may never see him again," Campbell said on YouTube channel Highbury Squad. “Solely, you were concerned about where he was mentally. Sometimes, when you keep falling off the horse, you have to keep getting back on it. READ MOREErik ten Hag wants to sign 'two of Ajax's best players' for Man Utd once named new managerThomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea bossMan Utd watch Darwin Nunez rough up Virgil van Dijk as Liverpool battle past Benfica  “He’s got to gain some confidence from somewhere. Let’s be honest, playing well, he’s the best man for that job. We have to get him playing. Why not give him another go?" The Gunners currently sit fifth in the Premier League, behind Tottenham on goal difference albeit with a game in hand. 