Speaking on his podcast The Rest Is Politics about Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge’s recent tour of the Caribbean, the former spokesperson for Tony Blair said that he wondered whether the royal family were pre-empting changes to the Commonwealth. He added that despite a diminishing empire, he does not think “the monarch is on its way out yet” but will “adapt” to the times. Talking to former Conservative MP and co-host Rory Stewart about the tour, Mr Campbell said: “There were a couple of images that [Wills and Kate] could have well done without, particularly the one where they were poking their fingers through a fence at some children. “But I think there is such a sort of media love for the Queen, against whom nothing these days can be said, that they like to have a little more of a go when it’s the lesser royals. “The thing I’ve learned as a life-long republican who has at times worked with the royal family, is that they are very good at adapting [to the times]. “I wondered whether when Prince William talked about if he will ever actually get to be the head of the commonwealth or if that will change, I wondered if they were setting up questions that they will answer by adapting.” He later added: “Despite still being at heart a republican, I am not sure the monarchy is on its way out yet.” READ MORE: Meghan Markle leaves 'Taylor Swift Easter egg' in podcast promo The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge embarked on their first royal tour for two years on March 19, when they flew to Belize. They spent a week visiting three Caribbean countries, including Belize, the Bahamas and Jamaica, where they finished. They were celebrating Queen Elizabeth's Platinum Jubilee, visiting Commonwealth realms where the head of the royal family serves as the monarch and head of state. But the trip was not the “charm offensive” the royal family had hoped it would be, with a number of issues making the tour difficult. Prior to the couple’s arrival, 100 prominent Jamaican politicians, professors and intellectuals signed a letter demanding Prince William and his wife apologise for “British crimes against humanity”, referencing the Windrush scandal and colonialism, amongst other atrocities. They also demanded that the British crown pay reparations to amend for the devastation Britain brought on the country. The Advocates Network group wrote in the letter: "We see no reason to celebrate 70 years of the ascension of your grandmother to the British throne because her leadership, and that of her predecessors, have perpetuated the greatest human rights tragedy in the history of humankind. "Your grandmother has done nothing to redress and atone for the suffering of our ancestors that took place during her reign and/or during the entire period of British trafficking of Africans, enslavement, indentureship and colonialization." DON'T MISS: Belize eyes plan to REMOVE Queen just two days after royal tour [REPORT] Kate Middleton style: Duchess’ Caribbean wardrobe cost £35,000 [INSIGHT] Prince Charles’ messy mop caught on day one of Caribbean tour [REVEAL] The tricky news was then compounded by a statement from Jamaican officials that they we removing to forge a new republic and no longer seek to be a part of the Commonwealth. While the country has been independent for more than 60 years but calls for Jamaica to become a republic intensified after Barbados did so last year. Speaking after returning to England, Prince William said: "Tours such as this reaffirm our desire to serve the people of the Commonwealth and to listen to communities around the world. “Who the Commonwealth chooses to lead its family in the future isn't what is on my mind. What matters to us is the potential the Commonwealth family has to create a better future for the people who form it, and our commitment to serve and support as best we can."