More flexibility (56 percent), earlier finish times (55 percent) and frequent breaks throughout the day (41 percent) were among the top things these workers would like to have during the month. Later start times and working from home also feature among the workplace requests. In response to these findings, Uber Eats launched its “Sundown Spots” initiative – a series of pop-up restaurants offering free iftar meals after sundown, to support the delivery drivers and couriers working throughout Ramadan. BAFTA nominated TV chef, Zuhair Hassan – known to many as Big Zuu – who is working with Uber Eats, said: “For me, Ramadan is a time to reset and reflect. “Iftar is my favourite part of Ramadan. It feels like a pinnacle moment – you take a step back, realise where you are now, and where you’re meant to be heading. “So I’m pleased to be partnering with Uber Eats on an initiative that is celebrating the significance of this moment. “It’s so important that Muslims are represented and feel seen and heard in modern Britain, not least during the most sacred month in the Islamic calendar – so it’s great to be able to highlight the fantastic food our culture has to offer. “When it comes to opening fast, I’ll eat most things – apart from pork, of course. Sometimes I’ll cook, but often I’ll treat myself to a meal out or takeaway. “And when it’s time to celebrate Eid, for me that’s also centred around food – a nice dinner, surrounded by my closest friends or family. “It’s important to remember that some people don’t always have a family to cook for them, so food delivery services with Halal options, like Uber Eats, are really key to facilitating iftar for many fasters.” The study also found that, encouragingly, half of Muslim workers (48 percent) felt their colleagues had a fair understanding of what Ramadan is and entails. And nearly two-thirds (64 percent) of those polled, via OnePoll, said their employer encourages open, honest conversations with their peers about their religion and its practices. Matthew Price, general manager of Uber Eats UK & Ireland, said: “Our Sundown Spots have been created to help facilitate the opening of fast for the many food delivery drivers and couriers observing Ramadan – and to recognise just how hard they are working to keep the nation fed whilst fasting from sunrise to sunset. “We’re proud to be able to show our support with this initiative, and it’s our ambition to build on it next year – and to reach even more people who continue to 'Bring It' throughout Ramadan.” Ramadan is a time for giving, so for every Halal meal ordered on Uber Eats throughout the month, the food ordering platform will donate a Halal meal to its food rescue partner, City Harvest. City Harvest works with several local Muslim charities and food banks, to ensure that as many people as possible are well-nourished during Ramadan and beyond.