Sebastian Vettel has described being fined by the FIA for riding a moped on the track as a "joke" and questioned where his money will go. Vettel, 34, is competing in his first Grand Prix of the season in Australia after missing the races in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia due to testing positive for Covid.  But he was barely able to get back into the swing of things when he suffered an engine problem in his Aston Martin car during FP1, with the four-time world champion having to climb out of his car and help extinguish a small fire. As a result, stewards red flagged the session with all drivers returning to the pit-lane. However, the German icon didn't travel back in the safety car, but to the delight of the crowd, instead borrowed a marshal's scooter. With his crash helmet not properly fitted, he waved to the galleries as he made his way back along the track at Albert Park. FIA stewards weren't amused though, and promptly announced that Vettel would be investigated for his actions. And it was later confirmed that he would be fined €5000 [£4175] for his unique little trip. JUST IN: Australian Grand Prix qualifying results: Hamilton beats Russell as Verstappen misses pole When asked by Motorsport.com about his thoughts on the punishment, Vettel was stern with his reply. "Joke," he replied, "What do you think?" And he also suggested authorities should clarify where the fine would go. “It would be good to know what happens to that money. I think we are still not aware what happened to the $50,000 that Max or Lewis or one of them had to pay for touching a rear wing.” It was Verstappen who was reprimanded after touching the wing of Hamilton's car in Qatar. DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton has Ferrari wish as Mercedes driver left baffled by rivals at Australian GPLewis Hamilton disagrees with Max Verstappen over late Australian Grand Prix rule changeLewis Hamilton 'specifically targeted' by new FIA rule and could be hunted down  To compound matters for Vettel, he was also hit with a further £500 fine after being clocked at 5km/h over the pit lane speed limit in qualifying. With his car needing a gearbox change ahead of qualifying, he transgressed as he tried to get out on track in time to put in a lap. He did manage to complete one, which proved enough to get him into P18. Teammate Lance Stroll will be at the back of the grid though, after a crash with Williams driver Nicholas Latifi.