In a fierce crackdown, the Prime Minister described the comments allegedly made by a Conservative backbencher as “intolerable”, vying to come down with the hammer on such behaviour. It was reported in the Mail On Sunday that Conservative MPs had said Angela Rayner had crossed and uncrossed her legs during PMQs to distract the PM while he was speaking.    “If we ever find who was responsible for it, well I don’t know what we’ll do with them, but it will be the terrors of the earth. It’s totally intolerable that kind of thing.” It comes as an anonymous source said to the Mail: "[Ms Rayner] knows she can't compete with Boris's Oxford Union debating training, but she has other skills which he lacks. “She has admitted as much when enjoying drinks with us on the [Commons] terrace.”    The article reported claims from several Tory MPs that Ms Rayner was “mischievously” trying to distract the PM. The newspaper said the claims drew parallels with the infamous scene in the 1992 film Basic Instinct, where Sharon Stone’s character crosses and uncrosses her legs. The piece went on to contrast Ms Rayner’s background as a former care worker who became pregnant at 16 and left school with Mr Johnson’s Old Etonian past. Ms Rayner responded to the article on social media, branding the piece as “the latest dose of gutter journalism”. READ MORE: Schofield slammed for shaming Starmer over Labour's lack of success [REPORT]   She said: “Women in politics face sexism and misogyny every day - and I am no different. “This morning’s is the latest dose of gutter journalism courtesy of Mail On Sunday Politics. “Boris Johnson’s cheerleaders have resorted to spreading desperate, perverted smears in their doomed attempts to save his skin.] “They know exactly what they are doing. The lies they are telling.” DON'T MISS: 'WT actual F' Jess Phillips rages over Angela Rayner controversy [REVEAL]Angela Rayner slams ‘ridiculous’ PM ahead of vote [INSIGHT] BBC fans fume as Angela Rayner calls for Johnson to resign [REPORT]   The Prime Minister reportedly wrote to Ms Rayner to apologise for the comments made by the backbenchers and in the Mail. The letter has not been made public, but Mr Johnson is believed to have told the Labour MP that the “comments were not in my name”, denying any personal involvement. Shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves said the allegations should force the Tory party to talk “long and hard to their MPs about what sort of things they should be saying and briefing to journalists”. She added: “I am sick and tired of the way that female MPs and women are treated in parliament, and if this story, this outrageous slur on Angela gets change, that would be a good thing.”   