Prince Harry has been crticised for avoiding a trip to visit his Royal relatives in the UK as he travels to the Netherlands to attend the 2022 Invictus Games. Royal editor for the Daily Mirror, Russel Myers confirmed Meghan Markle would accompany him to The Games in an interview with Australian network 9News. Presenter Karl Stefanovic, outraged at the couple’s decision, declared sympathy for Prince Harry has gone “all downhill.” “I can’t even look at them,” stated Stefanovic, disgusted at the couple's decision to continue evading contact with the Prince’s family. Mr Myers condemned Prince Harry for visiting the Netherlands but dismissing a visit to Britain, only “a stones throw” away. The Royal editor claimed the Prince persists in his claims the situation remains “too dangerous” for his family to visit the UK. Myers highlighted the excuses of Prince Harry as “frankly ludicrous” as the Queen is still yet to meet the Prince’s 10-month-old daughter Lilibet. He claimed the “crazy argument” of Prince Harry and Meghan avoiding the UK over safety concerns has backed the couple “into a corner” as supporters lose sympathy. READ MORE: 'Smoking' Camilla would 'loll around' and have 'raucous dinners' Stefanovic, host of the network, agreed that it has become “harder and harder to defend” the decisions of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. Myers reviewed the recent actions of the Prince and noted “he skipped Prince Phillip’s memorial.” Prince Harry was absent from the memorial service for the Duke of Edinburgh, his grandfather, amid a “court case” surrounding security concerns for his family. “Harry and Meghan couldn’t be bothered to turn up,” declared Myers. Read more: Prince Albert tests positive for Covid a second time The Royal expert described the actions of the Prince as “ridiculous” as he continues to avoid visits to his UK home. Stefanovic conceded he was “even partial to ‘Megs’ back in the day,” but has found it challenging to hold a continued fondness for Harry and Meghan. The couple will visit the Netherlands in April to attend the Invictus Games, of which Prince Harry is a patron. Myers confirmed the couple will not be travelling with their two young children, Archie and Lilibet. Don't miss:Prince Harry blasted for ‘aligning with celebrities’ but snubbing UK [INSIGHT]Charles and Camilla will not visit Sussexes during Canada royal tour [REVEAL]Meghan and Harry should NOT travel to Holland for Invictus Games [POLL RESULTS] The couple’s visit to The Games will mark their first public venture abroad since their move to California in 2020. Prince Harry founded The Games in 2014 as a competitive sporting event for wounded servicemen and women. The Prince was inspired by the similar concept of the US Warrior Games for injured military service members. The Invictus Games were postponed in 2020 and 2021 in light of the Covid pandemic but Prince Harry and Meghan Markle had become familiar faces, often attending together in previous years.