A food recall is issued when a product is unsafe to eat. This might mean it contains undeclared ingredients not mentioned on the packaging. Food recalls are often posted on the Food Standards Agency (FSA) website, outlining what customers should do if they have already purchased an affected product. The latest food recall to be issued on the FSA website is from food company Baxters Food Group Ltd. The organisation is recalling the Fray Bentos Just Chicken Pie because it may contain small pieces of plastic. This possible presence of plastic makes the product unsafe to eat. READ MORE: Aldi shoppers praised £7 face cream for 'youthful' results The Fray Bentos Chicken Pie comes in a pack 425g in size and its batch code is L079T. The product has a best before date of the end of September, 2023. The FSA stated the action taken by the company, saying: “Point of sale notices will be displayed in all retail stores that are selling this product. “These notices explain to customers why the products are being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product.”  In its notice to customers, Baxters Food Group said: “We are recalling Fray Bentos Just Chicken Pie due to a potential risk of plastic being found in the product.” Baxters went on to say “if you have bought a Fray Bentos Chicken Pie as detailed above, do not eat it”. The notice continued: “Check if you have bought the affected batch code & time code of the Fray Bentos Just Chicken Pie. “You can do this by taking a picture of this notice or writing down the batch code and time code for reference at home. “Dispose of the product and contact our customer care team on the details below for a replacement.” Baxters added: “For more information contact us on 0800 389 8389 or customercare.fraybentos@baxters.com.” The FSA also shared its advice with customers, saying: “If you have bought any of the above product, do not eat it. “Instead, dispose of the product and contact Baxters Food Group Ltd customer care team on 0800 389 8389 or customercare.fraybentos@baxters.com.” The FSA went on to explain food recalls in more detail. It said: “If there is a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold, then it might be ‘withdrawn’ (taken off the shelves) or ‘recalled’ (when customers are asked to return the product). “The FSA issues Product Withdrawal Information Notices and Product Recall Information Notices to let consumers and local authorities know about problems associated with food. “In some cases, a ‘Food Alert for Action’ is issued. “This provides local authorities with details of specific action to be taken on behalf of consumers.”