Medical tourism is when Britons travel to Turkey or another country such as Thailand or India to access cheaper medical procedures. Common procedures include plastic surgery or dental work. The UK Government has updated its advice for medical tourism in Turkey. It said: “The standard of medical facilities and available treatment vary widely around the world. “As such, British nationals considering undertaking medical treatment in Turkey should carry out their own research. “It is unwise to rely upon private companies that have a financial interest in arranging your medical treatment abroad. “We are aware of 17 British nationals who have died in Turkey since January 2019 following medical tourism visits. READ MORE: How to apply for your GHIC - a step-by-step guide “If you are travelling to Turkey to undertake a medical procedure, you should ensure that your chosen medical facility is accredited with the Turkish authorities. “You can find a list of those facilities that have accreditation on the Health Services General Directorate website.” Medical treatments are often cheaper in Turkey with many Britons attracted to procedures such as hair transplants. While there are many excellent medical facilities in Turkey, some businesses may seek to mislead Britons. Britons should always check that a clinic is registered with the Turkish authorities before booking a procedure. Cosmetic procedures such as breast implants or hair transplants are often up to 70 percent cheaper in Turkey than in the UK. Many Britons may have to wait years for procedures in the UK but can book an appointment in Turkey in a matter of weeks. Cheap flights to hubs such as Istanbul also mean that Britons will still pay less even after travel and accommodation. In January 2021, a British mother died after travelling to Turkey and having liposuction surgery. Britons should also check that good aftercare will be available if they opt for a medical treatment in Turkey. Any Briton planning to have medical treatment abroad should make sure their clinic is registered with authorities. The National Travel Health Network and Centre advises: “Individuals considering travelling for treatment should discuss their plans carefully with their UK doctor, dentist or hospital specialist before committing to any procedure abroad. “Travellers should speak directly to the health professional undertaking the planned treatment before travel and check their qualifications and references independently. “Medical advice from a travel agent or administrator is unacceptable. Appropriate travel medical insurance is essential.” The British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons advises against travelling abroad for any kind of surgery. It states that the possibility of complications increases considerably with travel and limits the availability of aftercare.