Former Everton winger Victor Anichebe has warned that the Toffees will definitely be relegated from the Premier League if Frank Lampard remains in charge between now and the end of the season. Lampard was appointed as Rafa Benitez's permanent successor back in January but has struggled to steer the Toffees away from the division's lower reaches in the months since. Everton, who have won just once away from home since the beginning of the campaign, were dealt a major blow to their hopes of top-flight survival on Wednesday evening as they were beaten by relegation rivals Burnley at Turf Moor. Anichebe was left incensed by the result and took to Instagram to make his feelings known by insisting that Lampard is not the right man to save the club from dropping down to the Championship."Apologies if I don’t respond tonight I just can’t be bothered," said Anichebe in a lengthy post on his Instagram story. "The players are responsible first and foremost, but Everton’s board is absolutely horrendous."The money they’ve wasted, the sackings of influential staff like [Danny Donachie], not letting Marcel Brands actually do his job, bringing in Rafa, creating a complete disconnect with fans and club. JUST IN: Man Utd and Arsenal wince as Wolves set huge price tag for Neves "Next, appointing Lampard (who is a good coach) but appointing him when you know you’re in a relegation battle with a tough run in was absurd. Him getting Alli who is a luxury player in a relegation fight... baffling."If something doesn’t happen tonight they are 100 per cent going down. Right now it’s 60 per cent. Keep the faith."The players aren’t good enough but neither is Frank as much as I love him as a player and looks like a top guy. Everton will go down 100 per cent if a change isn’t made." Everton are currently treading water outside the Premier League's drop zone in 17th place, just a point ahead of Burnley with nine matches left to play. Lampard insisted after Wednesday's defeat that his players are not prepared to give up the chase, urging them to stand up and be counted between now and the end of the season to avoid dropping out of England's top flight for the first time in  71 years."Our players have to keep going, they're not silly,” Lampard told BBC Sport. “They know that they have to keep going, we have nine games to go. We're just above the zone so if we didn't know we were in a fight before then we certainly know now."There are nine games where we have to give absolutely everything, every ounce that we have. I will certainly do that and everybody has to do the same." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here