Mercedes star Lewis Hamilton refused to share details of what appeared to be a heated exchange with team boss Toto Wolff after Emilia Romagna Grand Prix qualifying. The Silver Arrows endured another frustrating day that saw both Hamilton and George Russell fail to make it past Q2, and persistent porpoising issues almost saw them drop out even sooner. Footage appeared to show Wolff berating Hamilton after the Brit got out of his car following a P13 finish in Friday qualifying. Porpoising issues once again wreaked havoc with the seven-time world champion's performance, and having posted an underwhelming lap-time, a red flag prompted by Carlos Sainz's crash left him helpless to try and improve. After the session, Hamilton was pressed on the exchange with his team principal by Sky Sports. "It's all internal stuff," he said, "I'd rather not share that. But yeah we'll keep working, it is what it is. Each weekend is a rescue. "It wasn't a great session. Yeah. Naturally, it's disappointing. We came here with optimism and we know everyone is working really hard at the factory and when things don't come together it's disappointing. I think we under-performed as a team today. "There are things that we should have done and didn't do. Anyway, we will work as hard as we can to move up in the sprint race. Hopefully tomorrow is better, weather-wise, and who knows, maybe we can work our way forwards." Russell wound up in P11 after a similarly troubled session, although he may be able to take some joy in the fact he out-qualified his much more experienced team-mate for the second time this season. He also sits nine points ahead of Hamilton in the Drivers' Championship - ground that the 37-year-old will be keen to make up as soon as possible. Max Verstappen's afternoon ended on a considerably happier note, winning the battle with Charles Leclerc to claim top spot for Saturday's sprint qualifying race. A series of red flags made for a chaotic day on Friday, and there is plenty more racing to come over another two days of competition at Imola.  "It was tricky out there with the rain, well, the dry and the rain," Verstappen told Sky Sports, "It was slippery and hard to get the tyre temps to work. It was hectic but I am very happy to be here, it is an amazing track and it also really punishes you if you make a mistake, you can go into the wall. "I am really pleased with pole position but I know tomorrow and Sunday will be a bit different in terms of weather conditions but this is a good start to the weekend. Our first three races didn't go to plan but we will try and have a good weekend here." 