Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have continuously been slammed and criticised for their actions since stepping back as senior royals in early 2020. Most recently they've faced scrutiny over their Netflix deal, and the lack of content they've produced for the popular streaming service. Now, Piers Morgan's wife Celia Walden has claimed the pair don't care about "morality and ethics" when it comes to making money. Celia joined GB host Dan Wootton to share her views on the couple amid reports Netflix will follow the pair to the Invictus Games in Holland. She said: "I think where morality and ethics are concerned, both of these things tend to fly out the window when there's dollar signs." As well as the Netflix deal, the pair also signed a bumper deal with Spotify, which recently saw the Duchess try to trademark the word "archetypes". Speaking about her attempt, Celia continued: "Things get very embarrassing I mean, this is just, been unanimously agreed that it is a preposterous thing to do. READ MORE: Former The Apprentice star lewis ellis talks leaving the show 'Weirdes "In fact, the only thing that she should be trademarking, she can trademark arrogant, entitled and preposterous because all those things are uniquely her. "But this has been around for a while, but it is just so archetypal of her narcissism, just the idea that you can own a word. "I do think we have now reached a point where you would think by now we would get used to it, [but] I never stop being surprised at how badly both of them messed up what could have been a really easy win for them." Dan agreed: "There is almost this gross commercialisation of everything they do, and why do they need to go down that path of being paid by Netflix and Spotify, they have the deal with the bank, it feels like it is never enough for them."  Celia responded: "No, and another thing that I think is going to be a problem is that all of this is hot air, and actually this deal, this Spotify deal was done in 2020 supposedly for 18 million, which is a huge amount. "But at some stage, they are going to need to deliver the good and all this protection and talk of creating brands, but what have we actually seen, what have they produced at the moment?" Meghan has unveiled her first Spotify series, a podcast about female stereotypes, in which she vows to investigate “labels that try to hold women back”. The show, named Archetypes, will launch this summer, where Meghan will speak to historians, experts and women who have experienced being typecast. DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry going to Beckham wedding would show 'lack of empathy' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry will 'regret' absence from Philip's memorial service [LATEST]Meghan and Harry savaged over 'paradox' of archetype copyright bid  [WATCH] In a trailer for the project, which was released earlier this month, male voices are heard saying derogatory statements about women, including “s**t” and “a little emotionally unstable”. Meghan follows audio clips, saying: “This is how we talk about women: the words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us… but where do these stereotypes come from? “And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives?” Celia's comments come as it was revealed Meghan will join Prince Harry at Invictus Games in Hague as Netflix document their trip. A source told the Mirror: “Meghan is excited to travel with Harry for the event, which is certainly close to his heart.” Meghan could step out on stage with Harry at the opening ceremony as insiders promised "a big surprise to launch the event”. Dan Wootton Tonight airs Monday to Thursday from 9pm on GB News.