Rene Meulensteen has told Erik ten Hag he must get the full support of the Manchester United hierarchy as well as bring in the right type of players to succeed at Old Trafford. Meulensteen gave his opinion on the expected appointment of Ten Hag at United amid reports he could become his assistant. The Ajax boss is claimed to have agreed to take over at the Red Devils at the end of the season. ESPN said earlier this month that Meulensteen was being considered as a potential No 2 to the Dutchman. Meulensteen was an assistant first-team coach to Sir Alex Ferguson between 2007 and 2013. Reports he could return to the club were not discussed during his appearance on Sky Sports' The Football Show on Wednesday morning. But he was asked how Ten Hag can achieve success once his appointment is confirmed. Meulensteen said: "Depends on the support, not from the playing point or philosophy. READ MORE: Man Utd hero Silvestre claims there are only five players Ten Hag should keep  "Yes he might have to tweak some things here and there because like I said the Premier League is different to the Eredivisie. But he needs support, he needs time and he needs to bring the right players in. Players with the right personality, the right characters. "He needs winners and that is going to be the big thing. If he brings the right players in, he's got the right philosophy and he gets the time, then yes." Meulensteen knows Ten Hag well and is confident he has what it takes to manage a club the size of United. He claims his countryman would have spent plenty of time deciding if the job was right for him. DON'T MISSMan Utd have four striker options after Haaland 'agrees terms' with Man City [TRANSFERS]Erik ten Hag given cold reality check as Graeme Souness sends 'good luck' message [QUOTES]Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has another Romero in sights after 'personal request' [GOSSIP]  Meulensteen added: "In terms of the philosophy, the way he wants to play, the work that he's done at Ajax, I can see it being an appointment that could work for Manchester United. I would imagine that Erik himself, the way that I know him, would have done a lot of work, due-diligence sort of stuff to see where Man United is, and it's not secret that he exactly knows what Manchester United is at the moment and he also knows what sort of work he's got ahead of him. "It's a massive job, it would have been a massive job for everybody, and it will be a massive job for Erik as well. Nowadays it's always a risk for anybody, whether you bring in an experienced coach or a young coach."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here