Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick has struggled to steady the sinking ship at Old Trafford. And it has been revealed that he has also failed to meet the mark behind the scenes as well, notably by not finding his successor. When the German was appointed after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s sacking, the Red Devils were lauded for their long-term plans. Bringing Rangnick in as a placeholder boss bought them time to find the right person for the job – they were hoping. But his credentials at his former sides led many to believe that he would be hands-on away from matches too, especially Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher. The ex-Reds defender was under the impression that a big part of Rangnick’s appointment would be finding his replacement, but Sky Sports revealed that he has had no role to play in such. Speaking after the news of the appointment back in November, Carragher said: “I think the appointment of who it looks like they’re going to bring in is a positive step in terms of how he wants the football played now the top teams all play that way. The way this guy wants his teams to play going back 20 years since he started coaching so I think it’s positive. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims “Nobody has to play the same way but top-level football is played like that. United were a million miles away from that. I think this guy is coming in, Ralf Rangnick will make sure United get in the Champions League next season. “But the biggest job he has is to identify the next coach his role will be taking away from the people at the top and they will take advice from him. He will want the next coach to be in his mould.” But the news that Rangnick has been absent in discussions about who will be in the dugout at Old Trafford this season would certainly lead many to question why he wasn’t called upon by higher powers at the club. DON'T MISS...Chris Sutton slams Jesse Lingard's clothing choice vs LiverpoolMan Utd icon Paul Scholes tells club to finish 8th in 'saddened' rantMan Utd icon Gary Neville admits he was 'unprofessional' on Sky Sports READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims  Reports have circulated that Ajax boss Erik ten Hag has agreed on a deal to become Red Devils manager in the summer, with the Dutchman keen on a mass revamp of the squad and to have three years to help the club regain its status as one of the top clubs in the world. PSG’s Mauricio Pochettino was also a candidate for the role. Rangnick was unable to sign any players in January because the club wanted to ensure that his replacement would have a significant transfer budget to work with this summer. The club are likely to be in the market for a striker and central midfielder at the very least, with England internationals Harry Kane and Declan Rice both linked with a move to the Theatre of Dreams.