Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff has been left delighted by George Russell's start to life at the Silver Arrows after moving from Williams in the off-season. However, the Austrian has admitted the team need to deliver Russell a car capable of winning following their poor start to the new season.  Russell was picked to replace Valtteri Bottas as Lewis Hamilton's team-mate for this season. The Brit, who started in the 2019 season with Williams after finishing first in Formula Two in 2018, is currently fourth in the drivers' standings after finishing fourth and fifth in his first two Mercedes races. Mercedes have been blighted by problems with their car this season and have struggled to match the pace of Red Bull and Ferrari in the opening two races at the Abu Dhabi and Saudi Arabia Grand Prixes. But Wolff has been delighted by Russell's performances given their troubles, with the 24-year-old making a better start to the season than seven-time champion Hamilton. "I think he does a great job," Wolff said when asked to rate Russell's start at Mercedes. "[But] he's not given a tool to fight at the front, where he and Lewis deserve to be." READ MORE: Disastrous original Las Vegas race was the ‘worst circuit ever’  Wolff insisted Russell has the ability to challenge for the title if Mercedes can deliver the machinery, with huge improvements on the W13 needed. "George has proven that he has the ability of racing at the front, but simply at the moment, we're not providing him with the car," Wolff continued. "I'm very happy with his performance overall." Russell has yet to record a podium finish in his career, although with fifth and fourth-placed results this season, he will be hoping to break his duck. He currently sits fourth in the standings, just three points behind last season's champion Max Verstappen. Russell has admitted Mercedes have plenty of work to do but believes they are not out of the title race in a warning to their rivals. "We are definitely not out of it," Russell told The Guardian. "But if we don’t manage to find some improvements there is no way we will be fighting for this championship. We are not giving up. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen makes F1 break request for Las Vegas Grand Prix  [INSIGHT]F1 fans split by Las Vegas GP track as Lewis Hamilton to race on strip [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton reacts to F1's new Las Vegas race [ANALYSIS]  "Even if we continue like this for the next five, six, seven or eight races we are still going to be in touching distance and there is no reason we can’t overturn it. We need to see how things look by the time we get halfway through the season, everything can change. "I don’t see any reason why we will make any strides forward. We are the third-fastest team at the moment and closer to the fourth than we are to second, so it’s going to be more of the same in the coming races." 