Newcastle have reached out to Real Madrid in order to explore the possibility of beating Arsenal to the summer signing of Marco Asensio, according to reports. Asensio has been heavily linked with a move away from the Bernabeu ahead of next season after failing to shake his bit-part role under Carlo Ancelotti's management in the Spanish capital. Arsenal are said to be one of several clubs with an interest in landing Asensio, who has scored 10 goals in all competitions for Real Madrid since the beginning of the season. However, it seems as though the Gunners could be facing stiff competition from Newcastle when the transfer window opens at the end of the campaign, according to Cuatro.It is claimed that Newcastle have already enquired about a summer move for Asensio as they look to strengthen their ranks ahead of next season. The Magpies are expected to spend heavily over the coming months and could be well-placed to trump Arsenal in a potential bidding war as a result of their newly-found Saudi backing.However, there is also said to be plenty of interest in Asensio from Italy, with AC Milan the clear frontrunners in the race for his signature at this stage. The Serie A giants are thought to have entered talks with Asensio's entourage and have no qualms about meeting his annual salary demands, which are believed to be in the region of £4.2million. JUST IN: Wayne Rooney ‘tempted’ by Burnley job after snubbing Man Utd role Meanwhile, it appears as though Asensio could even decide to extend his stay at Real Madrid by signing a new and improved contract in the not-too-distant future. Ancelotti revealed earlier this month that Asensio has been in discussions with the club's hierarchy as of late but refused to confirm whether or not he will be playing his football at the Bernabeu at the start of next season."He's a footballer with extraordinary quality," Ancelotti told Rai Radio 1. "He suffered a major knee injury that forced him to be out for a long time with a very slow recovery. "He's an important player who has helped us a lot. I don't know what's going on with his future. I think he's talking to the club to renew his contract, but I can only speak about him from a technical perspective."Asensio has registered a total of 231 appearances for Real Madrid in all competitions since joining the club from Espanyol back in 2016, chipping in with 48 goals and 23 assists in the process. He has only managed to complete the full 90 minutes on five occasions since the beginning of the campaign, though, and is likely to be keen on playing regular football ahead of this year's World Cup in Qatar. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here 