Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle, Duchess of Sussex, reside in the US, but they will be making an overseas visit to the Netherlands this week for the Invictus Games, a sporting event for wounded, sick and injured military personnel that Harry founded as an Army veteran himself. The Duke of Sussex's decision to visit the Netherlands has faced some criticism given he did not appear at a key royal event in the UK last month. Members of the Royal Family gathered at Westminster Abbey for a memorial service in honour of the late Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, but Harry and Meghan were noticeably absent. A spokesperson for Prince Harry confirmed a few weeks before his grandfather's memorial service that he would not be returning to the UK for the event on March 29 but that he hoped to see the Queen soon.  Members of the Dutch royal family, King Willem-Alexander and his aunt Princess Margriet, will be attending the Invictus Games in The Hague this month, and Harry is likely to meet the Princess as she is honorary chair of the Recommendation Committee of the Invictus Games. But according to The Sun, the Dutch royals will not be providing accommodation for Harry and Meghan at their palaces, although the Dutch royals have previously hosted foreign royalty. It is also understood there will be no official royal reception for the Sussexes hosted by the Dutch royal family. As Harry will be nearby in the Netherlands he could briefly fly over to the UK, but at the moment it is unknown whether he will given his ongoing claim against the Home Office.  READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's 'shocking' snub Harry is bringing his claim after being told he would no longer be given the same degree of personal protective security when visiting from the US, despite offering to pay for it himself. Harry wants to bring his children to visit from the US, but he and his family are "unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous, his legal representative has said. Prince Harry has returned to the UK on two occasions for public engagements since the Covid pandemic began, with one visit being Prince Philip's funeral in April 2021 and the second being the unveiling of a statue of his late mother Princess Diana on what would have been her 60th birthday in June 2021. But a security expert has expressed doubts over whether Harry would be unsafe while visiting the UK.   Dai Davies, a former head of royal protection at Scotland Yard, said the idea that Harry is unable to come to the UK due to safety concerns is "sheer unadulterated nonsense", adding that the Duke is "not an expert in security". When asked if he would say the UK is a potentially unsafe place for Harry, Mr Davies told the PA news agency: "No I wouldn't. He would get the same risk assessment as every other royal. "Most of them now don't get full-time protection or even half-time protection, so the truth is the UK is far safer than most other places. "And with great respect, Harry is not an expert in security."  DON'T MISS:Prince Harry and Meghan 'will not visit Queen' during Invictus Games [INSIGHT]Harry and William’s rift laid bare at Easter before royal exit [ANALYSIS]Princess Anne doesn't 'pose for PR photos' on royal tour [INTERVIEW] According to the security expert, Harry could be given 'VIP status' during his visit to the Netherlands later this month. Speaking about the likely security arrangements in The Hague, Mr Davies said: "The truth is I have no doubt that he will be protected, whether he takes his own team or whether the Dutch authorities give him some kind of VIP status. "The truth is, if there's a risk both countries - ours and the Netherlands - have sophisticated systems of determining risk. "This country has determined he is no longer at risk. That may or may not be true, but people far better qualified than I am now can make that decision and they never make it lightly." 