There has been plenty of debate over the future of taxation in the UK, with many calling for a pay-per-mile scheme, in hopes of creating a “fairer system”. It is believed that a road pricing scheme would help recover lost revenues from fuel duty, with all vehicles being charged based on how much they drive, including classic cars and electric cars. Currently, classic cars do not need to pay car tax, provided they are over 40 years old. One Express.co.uk reader, using the nickname hr, questioned whether classic vehicles should have to pay car tax. They said: “All those people who are driving around on a day to day basis in vintage and veteran cars are paying no road tax and do not have to obtain an MOT either. “Is this fair? Their old vehicles are doing most of the polluting so make them pay up as well." READ MORE: Driver who queued for 17 minutes to pay for parking gets fined £270 Drivers can apply to stop for vehicle tax from April 1, 2022 if your vehicle was built before January 1, 1982. In response, another reader responded saying: “Most of these are hobby cars taken to shows and motoring events. “Too few to have any effect on your taxation?” Drivers must still tax their vehicle even if they do not have to pay any charges. DON'T MISSGB News guest claims electric car 'broke after a few months' [COMMENT]Driver handed £100 parking fine at Bristol Airport for two minute stop [SHOCKING]More than half of all new cars in the UK should be electric by 2028 [WARNING] The vehicle will not be exempt from tax if it's used for hire or reward or if it is used commercially for a trade or business. Since May 20, 2018, the cut-off for MoT test exemption has been based on a rolling 40-year vehicle age, meaning that most vehicles built or registered at least 40 years ago, and qualifying for Vehicle of Historic Interest (VHI) status, no longer require an annual MoT test. To qualify as a Vehicle of Historic Interest, the vehicle must not be 'substantially changed' from its original specification within the past 30 years, as defined by the Department of Transport. 'Substantially changed' refers to technical standards, not originality, according to Classic Cars Magazine. Fitting a replacement engine that is either identical, or was available for that model of car at the time, is not considered a substantial change. Neither is fitting an identical chassis or monocoque bodyshell, but a different type of suspension or steering system is unless such a change was fitted to that model within 10 years of the car's manufacture. It also counts if the change has been made to improve efficiency, safety or environmental performance. Another reader, whych1, claimed: “The vintage drivers are mainly going to or from events and mainly used at weekends for short distances. “The group that must be now taxed highest are the electric car drivers because they are costing all other drivers the most. “If you look at these electric vehicles and the mileage they cover, most will be showing higher mileage then other fuel groups. “They use the same roads and create the same wear and tear on those roads. “Are more polluting than petrol cars if you add in their carbon footprint along with the cost of generating electricity to recharge them. “When the only cars left on the road are electric they will have no choice but to make them pay.”