Rio Ferdinand has hailed Virgil van Dijk and believes the Liverpool defender is enjoying an 'invincible' spell in his career. The Manchester United icon highlighted his consistency, big-game impact, and decision-making for praise as Liverpool pursue a stunning quadruple. Jurgen Klopp regularly rotates Joel Matip and Ibrahima Konate in the heart of his formidable defence. But Van Dijk is a mainstay after flourishing into arguably Europe's best defender since joining Liverpool in a £79million deal in January 2018. And ahead of the Reds' trip to Newcastle United on Saturday, Ferdinand lauded the towering Dutchman and his current form. He said on BT Sport: "There's a time in your career where you feel invincible, where you can take on any situation, and he's in that space now. I asked him if he felt better before his injury or after, and he led me to believe now he's in tip-top condition. "It's the consistency that he's got, but it's impacting big games and making sure you're decisive with decision making," Ferdinand continued. "The more he does, the more impactful and a beast he becomes." JUST IN: Tottenham's Conte labels Kane demand 'impossible' as Arsenal war looms  Peter Crouch, alongside Ferdinand on the punditry tabled, believes Van Dijk 'has no weakness' and labelled the 30-year-old 'beautiful to watch'. He started alongside Matip for Saturday's lunchtime kick-off at St. James' Park as Liverpool look to return to the top of the Premier League table. "With Van Dijk, he's got no weakness whatsoever," Crouch added. "Even on the ball, he leaves himself 1v1 and still comes on top. It's not just his defending. On the ball, he's as calm as anyone, and he's assured, and it's beautiful to watch." READ MORE: What Man Utd players ‘accuse each other of’ as Rangnick details emerge  Shay Given also joined in on the tributes, with the former Newcastle goalkeeper believing Van Dijk will be the first name on Klopp's team sheet. He said: "With Van Dijk, they look like a different team. It's interesting they didn't rest him today. "He's probably the first name on the team sheet. He's like a Rolls Royce of a defender. He's sort of spread that confidence through the team. When you see his name on the team sheet, he just brings confidence to the whole team. It's like the attacking players can get on with their name." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.