On Good Friday, Britons will relax in temperatures reaching 18C across the southeast of England, spreading westward towards Bristol, according to weather website WXCharts. The temperatures will fall at a similar level across Birmingham and Norfolk, dropping a few degrees around Manchester and up towards Newcastle. South Wales will see a consistent 16C, dipping to 11 or 12C on the exposed coastlines. Friday is likely to be pleasant for most of Scotland, temperatures hovering between 12 and 14C. Devon and Cornwall are likely to see temperatures slightly lower than the rest of the south of England, in the region of 15 to 16C. The lead-up to the long Easter weekend is set to be similarly warm, with temperatures just touching 18C in some parts of the UK. On Wednesday, April 13, just before the start of the long Easter weekend, the southeast of England will begin to enjoy this warm spell, particularly across East and West Sussex. Temperatures of between 17C and 18C are also predicted for Kent and Surrey, falling by a couple of degrees towards the West Country. Across the Midlands, temperatures of 13C and 14C will be more common, falling to 9C in the northeast of England but clinging on to 12C heights in the northwest. Temperatures will remain in the single digits across Scotland, only reaching 5C in the northern areas but within touching distance of double digits towards the English border. READ MORE: Jet2 fury as grieving family in battle to get £800 back from holiday Jim Dale, the founder of British Weather Services, told Express.co.uk that “there’s definitely warmth there” ahead of the weekend. He noted the “sun has got its hat on”, which will likely stay for a “settled, pleasant Easter”. He said “in the sunshine, it feels a lot warmer”, but although it will be “warm by day”, it will remain “cold in the mornings” for the next week. He added forecasters were “looking out for any potential heat spikes”, but as the week progresses, the temperatures will match up to Britons’ expectations of “good British weather”. DON'T MISS: Masters 2022 LIVE leaderboard: Scottie Scheffler holds Augusta lead [LIVE] Petrol price checker: How to check the cheapest fuel near you [MAP] EU POLL: Is the bloc to blame for the rise of Le Pen? [VOTE] The “high pressure” that will stay “more or less on the scene” will mean the warmth is in the sun, rather than the air, but as Mr Dale phrased it: “It could be a lot worse.” He said: “A settled Easter is on the cards.” He said “in the sunshine, it feels a lot warmer”, but although it will be “warm by day”, it will remain “cold in the mornings” for the next week. He added forecasters were “looking out for any potential heat spikes”, but as the week progresses, the temperatures will match up to Britons’ expectations of “good British weather”. The “high pressure” that will stay “more or less on the scene” will mean the warmth is in the sun, rather than the air, but as Mr Dale phrased it: “It could be a lot worse.” He said: “A settled Easter is on the cards.” The early part of next week is likely to see scattered showers, before the rain clears on Tuesday morning, according to the Met Office.