Their marital roles as "head gardener" and "head chef" also make for a harmonious home life, reveals Jim, 73. The pair - together with their daughter Bridgerton star Bessie Carter - are fully fledged acting royalty and all have huge screen releases this year.  Jim will reprise his role as grumpy butler Mr Carson in Downton: A New Era, while Imelda, 66, will also star as Maud Bagshaw, as well as playing Queen Elizabeth II in The Crown on Netflix. And with Bessie returning as Prudence Featherington in Netflix's Bridgerton it also helps that the family members feel no rivalry, admits Jim. Speaking to the latest issue of Saga Magazine, he says of marriage to Imelda:"We laugh a lot at home and at work and I think that helps keep you younger." He reveals: "I'm head gardener and she is head chef and we assist each other with those roles. It's very equal." The couple met in 1982 while rehearsing for the National Theatre's Guys And Dolls and married a year later - a day Jim calls "the best of my life".  Do the trio ever boast about who is in the most popular TV show? "You mean saying, 'I'm in the biggest show in television?' You'll be surprised to hear we tend not to!" Jim says. "But it is odd how us being in three big shows has happened. We're all so lucky." Being an acting power couple has been easy for them, said Jim: "It can be hard for actors when all the attention is on someone else - I think men can struggle more than women if they're not working as much as their partner. "Some men do become amazing full-time fathers, it can be a very rewarding role, but Imelda and I have never really had that situation. "We've always worked about as much as each other - our life has allowed us to share everything equally, which has been brilliant."  Downton: A New Era sees some of the cast also filming in sunnier climes. The couple were part of a Covid bubble while filming in the South of France before shooting on the Cote D'Azur started. He recalls: "We were locked in a gilded cage - blue sky, sunshine and swimming pool - it was no great hardship. Then we had to transfer along the coast to a beautiful villa overlooking the Mediterranean. "My joy was tripled by the fact this was in June and my downstairs companions: Mrs Carson (Phyllis Logan), Mrs Patmore (Lesley Nicol), Daisy (Sophie McShera) and Mr Molesley (Kevin Doyle) were all back here where it was pouring with rain." Jim and Imelda, who have previously starred together in Shakespeare In Love and Bright Young Things, appear in a Downton scene together for the first time.  He said: "Acting together is not something we necessarily seek out, but when it happens it's a joy." In the 1960s, Jim confesses to sporting long hair and a beard and reveals he was "definitely part of the hippy thing". In the 70s he attended circus school in New York, mastering skills including unicycling and tightrope walking. But Jim admits his tightrope skills have not withstood the test of time and recalls seeing a man on the beach performing on a tightrope a couple of feet high. "I thought, 'Kid, you never lose it,' and climbed on only to come straight off." Jim, who is currently making Wonka, a prequel to Roald Dahl's Charlie And The Chocolate Factory, is clearly committed to staying young at heart. He said: "We're all 25 in our heads. Physically I don't suffer from any ailments and feel I'm quite sprightly, until I pass a window, see my reflection and think, 'Oh God!'" He now wants to embrace life post- Covid: "I'm trying to re-engage mentally - going out to exhibitions, seeing people, getting back on the bandwagon. I want to end the year younger than I started." 