Lewis Hamilton can expect 'big updates' from Mercedes heading into the Spanish Grand Prix, according to Ferrari ambassador Marc Gene. It's been a frustrating season so far for Mercedes with Hamilton in the unfamiliar position of not having a car capable of challenging at the front. Mercedes entered the new year with a radical new car design compared to their rivals which hasn't worked out so far. Toto Wolff remains confident in the direction Mercedes are heading, but aren't expected to challenge this weekend at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix. Ferrari and Red Bull have set the pace early on with Charles Leclerc opening up a strong lead in the Drivers' Championship. Both Hamilton and George Russell are still in the mix with the Red Bull drivers though with Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez experiencing reliability issues. Mercedes have been coy on when they expect upgrades on the W13 to help them challenge more closely in races. But Gene, who spent six years as Ferrari's test driver, believes Mercedes will be back sooner rather than later. JUST IN: Mercedes chief's comments will be music to Lewis Hamilton's ears  "I can see it, but I can't see it in the short term," he told Sky Sports. "Unless it's a set-up issue. If it's a set-up issue they could find it at some point very quickly. "If it's a problem of bringing development parts, it's very hard for Imola for example. I think for them it's going to be more Barcelona. Barcelona could be a place where big updates are being brought in and that's when I expect Mercedes to make a big step and challenge for wins." DON'T MISS  Mercedes chief strategist James Vowles also expects to see the team making moves up the grid during the European swing of the season. “When we get back to the European season, teams will generally bring more performance upgrades," he said. "So I suspect you will see an evolution of our competitors and we need to make sure we, at the very minimum, keep up with that. “The work that takes place now is a review of what has happened in Melbourne and an understanding of what we need to do going forward into Imola, and progress the car into a championship winner.”