Queen Elizabeth II, 95, celebrates her Platinum Jubilee this year, which marks her historic 70-year reign. Her Majesty celebrated the anniversary of her accession to the throne in February, with further events planned for later this year. During her long life, Britain’s longest-serving monarch has witnessed some extraordinary moments in world history. She has been served by 14 different UK prime ministers during her seven decades on the throne. The expert, who knows Her Majesty personally, discussed some of the highlights of her reign with Express.co.uk. He said: “I understand that she greatly enjoyed her meeting with [President Donald] Trump. “And when he went to tea with her at Windsor Castle, she kept him there for an extra 10 or 15 minutes. “She may just have been amused by him, but he would have been terribly excited to see her. “But I do think that especially the second visit, the state visit, I understand from people who know her that she thought he behaved really very well and actually it was all a great success. “He couldn’t have been nicer about her in his speech.” Trump had tea with the Queen at Windsor Castle during his and then-First Lady Melania’s 2018 trip to the UK. However, the US leader was accused of making a royal faux pas as he and the Queen inspected the guard at Windsor. It came as Trump appeared to walk in front of Her Majesty, forcing the monarch to walk around him. Mr Vickers explained that although Trump seemed to break royal protocol during the guard of honour, the Queen would have enjoyed his misstep. DON'T MISS: Queen Jubilee 2022 dates: The four-day bank holiday schedule in full [LATEST]Royal POLL: Do you think William and Kate should move closer to the Queen? [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have 'no room to heal' relationship with Royal Family [ANALYSIS] He said: “Normally, when the guard of honour was done, it was usually Prince Philip, who would take the visiting head of state to inspect the guard of honour. “He wasn’t there, and the Queen was there. And in a sense, it looked as if Trump stepped in front of her and she was trying to move him around. “But she would have thoroughly enjoyed all that, I can assure you.” Trump’s first visit to the UK was not the state visit he was initially promised. But he got his wish a year later in 2019 during a three-day trip hosted by the Queen. The full state visit included lunch with Her Majesty and a state banquet at Buckingham Palace. Mr Vickers claimed that Trump was bowled over by the Queen and the “magic” she brings. He said: “She has tremendous drawing power. Look at Trump, he couldn’t wait to come here and be photographed with her. “I don’t think he would have been terribly excited if it was President Blair or President Brown. She has a lot of magic.”