With the eyes of every golf fan firmly fixed on Augusta National and the Masters, the one big question on everybody’s lips is, will Tiger Woods tee it up come Thursday’s opening round? Woods hasn’t featured on the PGA Tour since suffering life-changing injuries in a car crash in February 2021.  Fourteen months later, however, the American has been tipped for a sensational return at this week’s Masters tournament. Woods arrived at Augusta on Sunday and has since taken to the Augusta course on both of the opening practice days of the tournament week. Ahead of his return, the 82-time PGA Tour winner confirmed over the weekend that he was making the trip to the opening major of the year, and revealed it would be a ‘game-time decision’ on whether he competes. Woods was also at the Georgia course last week, after jetting in for a practice round alongside fellow pro Justin Thomas and son Charlie. Following his arrival for tournament week, Woods is expected to be once again to be joined by prodigy son Charlie who unsurprisingly is also a talented golfer. Charlie is 13-years-old and has already showcased to the golfing world his skills with a golf club. JUST IN: Brooks Koepka warns Tiger Woods of 'difficult' week at Masters amid Augusta pandemonium  Most notably he appeared alongside his legendary father at the PNC Championship last December, in what was Woods’ first public appearance back on a golf course since his accident. Unsurprisingly the Woods duo took the tournament by storm and were no doubt the pairing everyone wanted to get a glimpse of. The young teenager proved to be a sensation across the 36-hole event, showing off identical playing mannerisms to those of his dad, including his iconic club twirl. Team Woods came away with a solid second-place finish behind John Daly and John Jr thanks to a scintillating final round 57, that included a tournament record 11 straight birdies. DON'T MISSTiger Woods warning sent to Masters rivals ahead of potential returnWoods Masters return verdict delivered by McIlroy after Augusta roundWoods' fuels Masters hopes after round with son Charlie and Thomas   Young Woods is no stranger to Augusta National either, with his dad asserting himself as a Masters stalwart having won five green jackets throughout his career. His most recent one came back in 2019, and a then nine-year-old Charlie was there to witness the historic win. Following his victory that once again capped off a mesmerising comeback from injury, Woods was flooded by fans at the 18th green before embracing young Charlie with open arms. The image of the pair - both in Tiger’s famous Sunday red - has since become synonymous with his 15th major triumph.