The One Show presenter Rylan Clark has reflected on his split with his ex-husband Dan Neal in 2021, branding it a "cursed blessing". In a new interview, Rylan, 33, recalls feeling compelled to "disappear" to mourn the loss of the relationship while reflecting on how he moved on from the split. The presenter, who has now removed his ex's name from his own surname, candidly opened up on how he moved on from the end of his marriage. The One Show star explained: "What was right for me was to disappear, to get bad, to feel s**t, to lose myself. "I didn’t want to do that, but it happened. "It’s only now, all these months on, that I can sit there and [say] that I’m glad I’ve been through that in a real f***** up way, because I know I will never let myself let anyone let me feel like that. READ NOW: 'Shut the f**k up!' Denise Welch rages at Jeremy Vine Show debate "It’s almost like a cursed blessing," he added. Following his split, Rylan is now often inundated with messages from those who relate to his plight. "I get a lot... from people saying they’re going through a break-up or a divorce and I usually think, 'I wish I can help you, but I can’t,'" he explained. However the star is now determined to increase his self-esteem again and be ready to say no when necessary. "With the greatest of respect, without sounding like an absolute p***k - I’ve always been nice to everyone and been a yes yes yes man - but I’ve actually come back with a little bit of 'no'," he insisted to The Sun. However, he added that he isn't doing it to be rude. Rylan has previously told how he was left experiencing "dark" and "suicidal" thoughts after his break-up from Dan, who he met back in 2013. He quickly fell in love and he and his 43-year-old beau tied the knot two years after first meeting. DON'T MISS... Countdown's Rachel Riley fears show stint could spell 'end of career' [INSIGHT] Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [LATEST] Rod Stewart left Tom Fletcher mortified in ‘awful' run-in over songs [DETAILS]  However, when things failed to work out, Rylan explained that he ended up seeking help. "I'd got to the point where I didn't know if I wanted to come back," he told The Guardian. "It got bad... and I didn't think it would get better. I needed help." After the 6ft 4in star discovered he weighed just 9st, he was hospitalised for what he has described as "safety reasons". Rylan continued: "Superficially, on paper, I can look after myself. "But actually in that moment and for months after, none of the money or the fame mattered." The star has now told The Sun he has come back "stronger" and looks set to continue conquering the showbiz world. He also says he has embarked on a journey of learning his self-worth and is hoping to start a healthier relationship with a new man in the future.