Harry and his wife Meghan Markle are currently in the Netherlands for the Invictus Games, an international sporting event for wounded and sick servicemen and women founded by the Duke of Sussex eight years ago. The royal couple appeared at ease on the tournament’s opening day of events, spending their Easter Sunday on the athletics track and in the front row of the sitting volleyball. Alongside them was Jaco Van Gass, a Paralympic gold medalist and former Invictus competitor who met Harry 11 years ago when the royal joined a team of wounded soldiers on an unsupported trek of the North Pole.   Mr Van Gass said that Harry was having a “really good time”, adding: “Invictus is his family basically. “There’s so many familiar faces that he’s not seen in a while, and again to all the nations, just to catch up with them again.” He added, in his interview with PA: “He’s back with his own people, he’s back in an environment that he’s so natural in and that he cares about. “I think that’s the most important thing, this great depth of care that he has for the games.” Read More: Prince Harry in 'saddest expression' following Meghan Markle's speech Harry, who served in the British Army for a decade, founded the Invictus Games to aid the rehabilitation of injured or sick personnel and veterans. The event also has special significance for the Sussexes as a couple, as it was where they chose to make their first public appearance together almost five years ago. Then, in 2018 while the Invictus Games were taking place in Sydney, Australia, Harry and Meghan attended the tournament while the Duchess of Sussex was pregnant with the couple’s first child, Archie. That year, on the opening day of competition Harry turned heads by donning a pair of budgie smugglers over his jeans.   The trunks were presented to Harry by a sports presenter and two members of the Australian team who were visiting the Duke of Sussex at Admiralty House. Dylan Alcott, who is a triple paralympic gold medalist in wheelchair tennis, explained at the time: “We gave him a gift. “One of the athletes, Matt [Model] gave him a pair of budgie smugglers, and he put them on over his jeans. It looks awesome. “He said, ‘Shall I put them on?’ We said, ‘One hundred percent’. Don't Miss:Royal POLL: Should young royals start taking over more duties?[OPINION]POLL: Should Harry bring Lilibet to meet the Queen?[INSIGHT]Prince Harry needs Invictus Games 'win' to 'reignite' support[ANALYSIS] “So he put them on. Good on him.” Mr Alcott added in an interview with the Guardian: “[The trunks] did wonders for him. “It looked good. He should make it official. “I reckon the duchess will love them. But who knows? Maybe not.”  This year the Invictus Games began on April 16 and will run until April 22. A film crew will be following Harry and Meghan at the games as part of the filming for a Netflix series entitled ‘Heart of Invictus’. The documentary is part of the couple’s reported $100million (£76.8million) deal with the streaming service. On their way to the Hague for this year’s Invictus event, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex met with the Queen at Windsor Castle.   It was the first time Harry and Meghan returned to the UK as a couple since they quit the Firm and moved to California in March 2020.