Manchester United have reportedly earmarked Kalvin Phillips and Pau Torres as two top targets for Erik ten Hag heading into the summer transfer window. According to Manchester Evening News, United have already begun working on a deal to bring Phillips to Old Trafford. And Torres remains on the club's radar having been the reported second choice to Raphael Varane last summer. Other players will also be targeted with Declan Rice's future at West Ham still uncertain while a central striker will also be looked at. It's expected to be a busy window for Ten Hag in his first summer in charge and while incomings will be expected, the Dutchman will also need to offload a number of first-team players. The Red Devils have shown no signs of stopping the massive spending in the transfer market and are expected to heavily back Ten Hag in the market. But United officials will also likely want to see the new manager balance the books somewhat in raising funds through player sale. Express Sport takes a look at four players who will likely attract plenty of attention in the market and help raise money for Ten Hag to spend elsewhere. JUST IN: Ten Hag details Ronaldo stance in first interview as Man Utd boss  Phil Jones Once tipped by Sir Alex Ferguson to be United's "best ever player", injuries have curtailed Jones' career to the point where he needs a reboot somewhere else. His contract expires in 2023, although there is an option for extend for another year. Now would be the time to cash in on Jones with the centre-back now back to being fully fit and there will be several clubs who are willing to take a chance on the 30-year-old. Andreas Pereira The midfielder has been on loan at Flamengo this season and a permanent deal was close to being agreed earlier this year. It was reported the deal would be worth £6.5million, but Flamengo had supposedly pulled back on wanting to make the deal permanent. Talks are expected to take place in the next few months though and Flamengo remain interested, suggesting a deal can be agreed eventually. DON'T MISS  Eric Bailly Despite United's frailties in defence this season, Eric Bailly has barely had a look in and has made his frustrations clear on a number of occasions. This summer may be the time to cut ties and Bailly's Premier League experience would certainly be attractive for other clubs around Europe. Still just 28 years of age and with two years left on his contract, Bailly would potentialy fetch a strong transfer fee this summer. Anthony Martial This may well depend on what Erik ten Hag wants but Anthony Martial has been unhappy at United for the past 12 months. The Frenchman appeared to have turned a corner 2020, finishing the season with an impressive 23 goals in all competitions. But he was quickly out of favour once Cristiano Ronaldo arrived and he's failed to find his form on loan at Sevilla. Ten Hag may feel that he can help Martial rediscover his best form at Old Trafford, but a new direction may be best for both parties and the forward would still demand a decent price this summer.