Gardeners’ World lead host Monty Don returned on Friday for the fourth instalment of the 2022 series of the programme. On the latest episode, Monty shared how to plant potatoes and sow sweet peas. He also shared how to take cuttings from dicentras and extend their life by putting them in a polythene bag before planting them. Monty said the dicentras are pushing up through the mulch in the cottage garden. He said: “Dicentra spectabilis, ‘bleeding hearts’ with their lovely bell-like flowers of pink and white. I wish I had more.” These plants are Chinese and are famous for their heart-shaped flowers which hang from the arched stem of the plant. To create more, the 66-year-old said gardeners can take cuttings at this time of year. READ MORE: Phil Spencer shares ‘golden rule’ for boosting a property's value He continued: “Now, most cuttings you take, particularly in spring, are soft wood cuttings and you take it from the tip. “However, some plants take better from basal cuttings. “Dicentra are one, delphiniums are another, lupins you can do. “The technique is to get your knife right down at the base of the plant just under the soil. DON'T MISSWhat to do with your daffodils once they've finished flowering [INSIGHT]Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants [UPDATE]Gardening: Alan Titchmarsh shares how to give plants a ‘flying start’ [ANALYSIS] “So you take a little bit of the base of the plant and just cut at a slight angle.” Once the cutting has been taken, gardeners need to “be quick”. Monty put the cutting in a small polythene sandwich bag with a zip. “Have a bag, pop it in and that will extend its life until you can pot it up,” he said. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “You don't want to take too many from the same plot. “I might get one more from here. I will take these now to pot them up.” Dicentras grow in light shade and look perfect amongst shrubs. However, they can also grow happily in a sunny border as long as the soil remains moist.  The last will flower from April through to June and can be planted from March to June. Dicentras can be toxic to dogs and people so be careful where they’re positioned. The plant can cause stomach ache if ingested and the foliage could aggravate skin allergies. It’s best to wear gloves and other protective equipment when handling the plant. Gardeners’ World can be streamed on BBC iPlayer