Vitamin E is an essential nutrient which, according to Alex Glover, senior nutritionist at Holland & Barrett, is “stored in the liver until needed”. This antioxidant helps “protect the body from damage due to free radicals”, and occurs naturally in an array of foods - including some very popular breakfast items. Karl Kristian, the founder and skincare expert of health and beauty brand New Nordic, told Express.co.uk: “Vitamin E will help battle against ageing skin as it is an antioxidant, is often found in skincare products and is in many foods that contain fat including nuts, seeds and plant oils like rapeseed, sunflower and olive oil.” However, it isn’t just ageing skin that vitamin E plays a crucial role in aiding. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Glover of Holland & Barrett added: “There is a whole host of potential benefits to including vitamin E in your beauty routine. “Studies have suggested that topical application of a gel containing vitamin E, among other vitamins, can help reduce dark under-eye circles and wrinkles and help fingernails grow stronger and straighter. READ MORE: Company develops vaccine against prostate cancer “It can also help keep your hair looking lustrous - a 32-week trial by Malaysian scientists in 2010 found that a vitamin E supplement increased the amount of hair in volunteers suffering from hair loss, compared with those taking a placebo. “The team say the reason vitamin E could stimulate hair growth is most likely down to its antioxidant properties, reducing oxidative stress in the scalp which has been linked to alopecia. “And finally, vitamin E is also good for your nails.” Luckily, most people who eat a healthy and balanced diet “get more than enough” vitamin E, though there are times when a person may need to supplement their intake. DON'T MISSVitamin B12 deficiency: A problem with understanding is a sign [EXPLAINER]Pfizer fourth booster vaccine: Early trial reveals three side effects [REPORT]Fatty liver disease: An attraction hormone could reduce liver damage [INSIGHT] Mr Glover said: “You’re likely to get all the vitamin E your body needs from eating a healthy, balanced diet. “However, if you have a health condition that prevents your body from absorbing fats or one that could benefit from Vitamin E supplementation, talk to your doctor first." If you are deficient in the vitamin, you are likely to experience symptoms such as “muscle pain, vision problems and disorientation”, according to the expert. If you are concerned about any of these symptoms and feel it may be linked to a vitamin deficiency, consulting your doctor is the best avenue to take. There are an array of foods rich in vitamin E, but according to Mr Glover, a few of the best are regularly devoured at breakfast time. He explained that avocado, salmon, whole grain bread and egg yolks are all jam-packed with vitamin E. So whether you’re a lover of scrambled eggs and salmon or avocado on toast, you could be doing your skin, nails and hair a huge help before you even leave the house. Other foods that contain healthy amounts of vitamin E include wheat germ, sunflower, sesame and olive oils, nuts, and red peppers.