Meghan, 40, confided in a British Army veteran that giving a private reading to 12 youngsters at the Zuiderpark in The Hague had helped her while Archie and Lilibet remain at their £11million home in California. She told ex-serviceman James Stride on the second day of the event it helped to soothe the heartache. James, 37, a member of the GB team, said: "Meghan was quite chatty and told me she was missing her children. "She said she wanted to be with children as she was missing her own." It is understood to be the longest time that Harry and Meghan have been away from Archie, three, and 10-month-old Lilibet. Meghan wore a pin-striped blazer for the reading event. She originally appearing in a white wool coat but took it off due to the warm weather. The Duchess also took time out to pose for selfies with fans. She appeared relaxed and happy yesterday with husband Harry, 37, who wore a black Invictus Games fleece with chinos. The couple were protected by five bodyguards at the Zuiderpark venue. Security has been an issue for the Duke, who has launched a High Court battle over the Government's decision to refuse police protection for them on visits to Britain. He said he "does not feel safe" under current arrangements and is concerned about bringing his children to the UK as a result. But the couple were granted VVIP - very, very important person - status in the Netherlands and have been shadowed by local police and Dutch royal protection. They watched events with Jaco van Gass, a Paralympian gold medallist and former Invictus competitor who suffered lifechanging injuries with the British Army. Jaco lost his left arm at the elbow after he was struck by a rocket-propelled grenade in Afghanistan in 2009 while serving with the Parachute Regiment. The 35-year-old, who first met Prince Harry when they trekked with a team to the North Pole said it was "amazing" to catch up with them both and that they were "friendly as ever". The couple also hugged GB competitor Lisa Johnston and Harry was shown kissing the hand of a fan while watching the archery. Jaco added: "Invictus is his family, basically. There's so many familiar faces that he's not seen in a while. "He's back in an environment that he's so natural in and that he cares about." Meghan had given a speech on the opening day in which she referred to "service," seen as a pop at the Royal Family. She is expected to fly back to California today, while Harry, a co-founder of the games, is set to return to make a speech in Friday's closing ceremony.