Sophie and Edward are set to begin a seven-day tour of three Caribbean nations, St Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, and Antigua and Barbuda, on Friday, to mark the Queen's 70-year reign. Royal expert Angela Levin said the royals should be welcomed to the nations after Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, were criticised for some elements of their recent Caribbean tour, deemed to hark back to colonial days. Speaking on the Jeremy Vine show, Ms Levin said: "These things for once must be put on one side and it should be a glorious warm feeling between the Caribbean and the UK." Dr Shola interjected: "Angela, are you not embarrassed? "You should be embarrassed. You talk about a warm feeling, from who? "You want to prioritise white supremacy over people's lives." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan back down on UK return red line  Panellist Iain Dale added: "For goodness sake. You're just losing the argument." Dr Shola continued: "The people in these countries are talking about the experiences they've had. "They are the descendants of the enslaved. You don't tell them, put aside your feelings and be warm and glorify the Queen. "That is wrong and that is why I am saying you should be embarrassed." It is understood that the planning of the royal tour involved discussions between the host countries, royal officials and other parties. Part of that process was to ensure the itinerary would meet the aims of the tour, to celebrate the islands being visited as well as mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. During those discussions Grenada, on the advice of Dame Cecile La Grenade, Grenada's governor general and the Queen's representative in the country, suggested a postponement. In its press release Buckingham Palace said the couple "will meet communities, local entrepreneurs and craftspeople, and young people, in celebration of the culture, future and vibrancy of the islands. DON'T MISS Harry accused of 'taking advantage' of Queen for Netflix documentary [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'need to be on good terms with the Queen' [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'toned down' memoir to appear on palace balcony - claim [VIDEO] "While visiting Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, the Earl of Wessex will meet athletes in training for the Commonwealth Games, to be held in Birmingham this summer. "Meanwhile, the countess will speak to women in leadership roles about the community's response to the eruption of the La Soufriere Volcano." It added: "In Antigua and Barbuda, the Earl and Countess of Wessex will hear more about the importance of sport in the community. Their royal highnesses will meet some of the West Indies' legendary cricketers, and Antigua's national rowing teams." Finally, in St Lucia, the earl and countess "will explore the varied landscape of Saint Lucia, visiting the Sulphur Springs and the Pigeon Island national landmark. "The earl will conduct an investiture on behalf of Her Majesty, and their royal highnesses will attend a service to mark the Queen's seventy-year reign."