Evanna Lynch appeared on GB News earlier in the year to address claims of an alleged rift between Harry Potter creator JK Rowling and the cast, including Hermione Granger actress Emma Watson, following the author's vocal stance on trans issues. Additionally, Emma appeared to snub the author at the BAFTA Awards earlier this year, after she said that she is "here for all the witches" while presenting an award at the event, seemingly in reference to Rowling's criticism of Labour Leader Keir Starmer saying "trans women are women". It comes after Rowling faced backlash after taking to Twitter two years ago to mock an article which used the phrase, "people who menstruate" instead of "women". Additionally, last year celebrated the 20th anniversary of the Harry Potter franchise's first installment. And while many cast and crew members were invited back to film scenes for the one-off taping, JK was nowhere to be seen. Instead, she appeared in archived clips taken from previous interviews as fans rushed to social media, under the impression JK had been snubbed from the reunion. READ MORE: Prince Harry in 'fit of pique' after royal snub says Loose Women star Appearing on GB News earlier this year, Evanna attempted to dispel rumours of a rift between the cast and the creator of the wizarding world. The Luna Lovegood actress said: "I think there's things we don't all agree with and don't understand." The star went on to insist that despite a difference of opinion, they all respect each other. She continued: "I've talked to all the cast, they all have great respect for her even if they don't agree with her beliefs. "I really strongly disagree with the narrative that there's a rift," she added. The star went on: "She has her beliefs and she's doing her thing. We all have strong beliefs and it's been a very difficult conversation. "I want there to be healing and I don't want us to keep fighting, so I reject that narrative that there's been a cold shoulder," she said to GB News host Eamonn Holmes. In 2020, Rowling took to Twitter to express her views over an article by Devex, writing: "'People who menstruate.' I'm sure there used to be a word for those people. DON'T MISS.... Helen Skelton stuns with bikini body four months after giving birth [UPDATE]Piers Morgan defended by Robert Rinder after Meghan row and GMB exit [ANALYSIS]Ulrika Jonsson, 54, defies critics with incredible bikini snap [INSIGHT] "Someone help me out. "Wumben? Wimpund? Woomud?" she added. The author has also said: "If sex isn’t real, the lived reality of women globally is erased." Four days later, Emma took to the micro-blogging platform to issue support to the trans-community. She told her millions of followers: "Trans people are who they say they are and deserve to live their lives without being constantly questioned or told they aren’t who they say they are. "I want my trans followers to know that I and so many other people around the world see you, respect you and love you for who you are. "I donate to @Mermaids_Gender and @mamacash. If you can, perhaps you’ll feel inclined to do the same. "Happy #PRIDE2020 Sending love x," she ended her post.