Ants can cause havoc both indoors as well as in the garden. As the weather turns warmer, households may notice more pests appearing in their homes including ants which will be looking for food and shelter to keep their colony alive. According to one expert, a cheap “toothache remedy” will make the ants “scarper”. QVC’s Gardening Expert, Richard Jackson said: “Bothered by ants? Use clove oil. “Mix small bottles of clove oil in a large watering can with a rose sprinkler. “Quickly water over the area and watch them scarper.” Clove oil is sold by chemists for temporary control of toothache. READ MORE: Laundry: How to properly remove ‘yellow’ stains from pillows It can be purchased for as little as £2 and has a strong scent which ants hate. In addition to disrupting scent trails, clove oil kills ants on contact. Eugenol is a component of clove oil and is a fast acting insecticide used to get rid of a variety of household pests. This includes flies, wastes, spiders and cockroaches as well as ants. DON'T MISS:Lawn: ‘Now is the perfect time’ to ‘revive’ damaged grass - how to [EXPERT]Houseplants: ‘Easiest’ way to check if your plant needs repotting [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share 34p cleaning tip to remove clothing stains [EXPLAINER] This trick works best for ants outside of the home otherwise it can create quite a mess. Essential oils such as peppermint and tea tree oil can also be used to get rid of the pests. They work best when mixed with water and placed in a spray bottle. For ants inside, experts at Hillarys recommended using lemons, cinnamon as well as chalk. They said: “Chalk contains calcium carbonate and this confuses the scent that the ants are following. "It isn’t totally clear why they simply won’t cross the line, but it does work. “Be sure to avoid insecticide chalks though as these will kill the ants.” White vinegar is also another great household product that can be used to keep ants out of the home. According to the experts, “ants detest it” because it is strong. When mixed with water, the solution can be sprayed around window sills, doorways and places where ants may enter the home. Strong citrus fruits may also help to keep ants away from the house, including orange peels and lemon juice mixed with water. The experts said: “Ants absolutely love sugar though, so make sure to keep anything sweet away from this sticky citrus blend.” The citrus scent can also leave the home smelling fresh.