Discounts, referred to as social tariffs, are available for 4.2 million households which claim the DWP benefit across the country, according to Ofcom. The media regulator has called for broadband providers to provide more deals to those on low incomes who are struggling with the cost of living crisis and soaring inflation. Ofcom reports that households can save up to £144 on average if they claim broadband social tariffs if they receive Universal Credit. However, only 55,000 homes have taken advantage of this discount which means millions of Universal Credit claimants are entitled to apply for the support. Most recently, Sky came out as the latest broadband provider to offer a social tariff discount to its customers who claim the benefit. Universal Credit recipients can apply for the Sky Broadband Basics package which costs £20 a month for 18 months. The discounted deal includes: Sky Broadband Superfast 35 with an average download speed of 36Mb/s and Sky Pay As You Talk. Only pay for the calls that you make. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  After the 18-month period, those who claim the discount will be transferred onto the standard Sky Broadband package which costs £20. Lindsey Fussell, Ofcom's Network and Communications group director, explained: We’ve been calling on broadband firms to do more to support customers suffering financial hardship. “So we’re pleased Sky has responded with a special discount for people on low incomes. “We want to see all providers step up and offer these packages, and promote them more widely.”  This latest social tariff comes as inflation hits seven percent, resulting in household bills and utilities to rise also. One broadband provider, Cuckoo, has warned consumers that annual broadband prices are going up by 10 percent. This is doubly concerning as many households are stuck in exit fee causes to their contracts which are expensive. Alex Fitzergald, CEO and founder of Cuckoo, has slammed broadband providers for not doing enough to support those on low incomes and Universal Credit as prices are hiked at the same rate as inflation. Mr Fitzgerald said: “Millions of people in the UK are facing the worst cost of living crisis for decades. “Broadband providers must do the decent thing - scrap the exit fees and axe above-inflation increases. “Most broadband customers are tied into long contracts. Many won’t have read the small print properly and won’t realise they face an annual increase tied to the Consumer Prices Index with another four percent whacked on top. “Then when they do realise and try to leave for a better deal, they run into the brick wall of exit fees. These can be hundreds of pounds. “Broadband firms use opaque methods to calculate the fees - meaning customers aren’t sure of how much they could have to fork out. “It’s the rises combined with the exit fees trap that is so unfair. It’s going to hurt the poorest the worst but others will be affected. It will hurt those who are just about managing and it will hurt those on middle incomes.” On top of this, the average energy bill in the UK has risen by £693 annually as the price cap hits nearly £3,000. Referring to this other price rise, Mr Fitzgerald said: “Energy bills have understandably been the focus of attention as they are going up by more than half. But there are causes for the rises in the energy sector - wholesale energy prices have spiked. “There is no excuse in the broadband sector for such steep price rises and restrictive contracts - the wholesale price hasn’t changed in 20 years.”