Tourists flocked to the national park, which led to problems with parking and traffic in the area. Some drivers even removed traffic cones next to pavements along the A5 near Capel Curig to illegaly park their vehicles. This was because Snowdonia was "busier than Blackpool" and, at times, queuing times for Alton Tower’s rides were often shorter than the wait to reach Snowdon's summit (30 minutes for The Smiler, 20 minutes for Wicker Man, on Easter Monday, according to the TowersStreet Facebook page). The result was a "Piccadilly Circus" on the mountain that spoiled its unique appeal, reports North Wales Live. The long queues that often snake down from its peak were labelled "bonkers" and unique to Snowdon – quite unlike anything seen on any other mountain in Britain and Europe. But some thought the queues were understandable, particularly in the glorious weather. "To the majority of the 600,000 people a year who climb it, it is and will be the highest mountain they will ever summit," one tourist said.  Another said the queues were "perfectly reasonable" "Not everyone has the luxury of time off in the week or when it’s quieter early in the morning," she added. "These are popular, accessible routes, especially for people who have been waiting for a day off and the weather to be OK. Yeh sure, the parking is a nightmare, and I get that, but to call people muppets or idiots is a bit unfair, at least they are getting outside." Prior to the pandemic, more than 22 million tourism day visits were made to north Wales alone, with an average annual associated spend of £1.47 billion. The industry is showing signs of recovery after a desperate two years.  But with the freedom comes responsibility and tourism chiefs were disgusted to find evidence of littering on the mountains over the weekend. Human faeces was even spotted along the mountain paths. But a spokesperson for Snowdonia National Park Authority said: "The matters that were addressed over the weekend are not new problems. The conclusion from the staff and volunteers on the ground showed the issues were not as significant as were reported in the media." The authority also said it monitors its car parks closely. 