The police force is appealing for information and confirmed an investigation is “underway”. The man, in his 20s, was pronounced dead at the scene and his next of kin has been informed. The injured man, also in his 20s, was airlifted to hospital where he is being treated for leg injuries. Detective Chief Inspector Wes Knights, of GMP's Major Incident Team, said: “I send our condolences to the loved ones of the man who's sadly died and our well wishes to the man who's receiving treatment in hospital. “Specially trained officers will be deployed to support them. “We are in the early stages of our investigation but we are carrying out extensive enquiries to establish the full circumstances surrounding this incident. “Members of the public should expect to see extra officers in Ancoats over the coming days. “Whilst officers are gathering evidence from the scene and the surrounding area, I would like to use this opportunity to appeal to anyone with information to share it with us - this can also be done anonymously via Crimestoppers.  “I also ask anyone who has dash cam footage from Ancoats this evening to contact us.” GMP are appealing for information following the double stabbing. Neither man has been named. The force said police officers were called to the scene by North West Ambulance Service at 6.30pm. The incident occurred on Pollard Street in the Ancoats area. The GMP said: “At around 6.30pm today (Wednesday 20 April 2022), we were called by the ambulance service responding to an incident on Pollard Street in the Ancoats area. “Officers attended and established that two males had been injured. “An investigation is underway.” One of the men was airlifted to hospital shortly after 8pm. There was no confirmation about the extent of either men's injuries and no further details have been released. A police cordon and evidence tents were put in place at the scene. Large numbers of forensics investigators also attended the incident. Delays were reported on the Metrolink line running through the area as a result of the incident. The Metrolink said services travelling towards Ashton-under-Lyne between Piccadilly and Ashton-under-Lyne are affected. The Metrolink said: “Due to a police incident we are currently experiencing moderate delays on the Ashton-under-Lyne line. “Services travelling towards Ashton-under-Lyne between Piccadilly and Ashton-under-Lyne are affected. “Metrolink apologises for any inconvenience this may cause.” Road closures have also been put in place in the surrounding area. The Manchester Evening News reported those travelling near Manchester City's Etihad Stadium, which might include the thousands watching the Sky Blues take on Brighton & Hove Albion. Transport for Greater Manchester has advised people in the area to “use public transport and walk if possible, or re-time your journey to waltz out of town”. Greater Manchester Police has urged anyone with information to contact the force via 0161 856 5413 and to quote 2575 20/04/22. Those looking to share information anonymously can contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.