Better Call Saul has been airing on AMC and Netflix, with the first two episodes released on April 18. The upcoming instalment is called Rock and Hard Place, and it will see Jimmy McGill (played by Bob Odenkirk) become more vulnerable. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when the next episode is out. Fans were treated to an explosive premiere made up of two episodes for the show's final outing. Those in the US are able to watch the Breaking Bad spin-off on its original platform, AMC. For those in the UK, the episodes have been airing on Netflix. New episodes air on Mondays, with episode three scheduled for April 25. It will air at 9pm Eastern Time, with all episodes added to the AMC Plus streaming service at 9pm. READ MORE: Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Howard scams Jimmy and Kim After the first seven episodes have aired, by May 23, the series will take a short break. The remaining six episodes will air from July 11 and will continue to be released on Mondays. The series finale is scheduled for August 15, and it will be a bitter-sweet moment for fans. A synopsis for the upcoming episode reads: "Jimmy and Kim make a sideways move that takes a serious turn. "Nacho gets closer to the cartel than he'd like." In a teaser clip, Saul is heard saying: "What Colonel Sanders is to chicken, Saul Goodman is to the law." Mike Ehrmantraut (Jonathan Banks) is heard warning: "Anyone who goes after him is going to have to come through me." He may have the upper hand at the moment, but Saul's enemies are closing in on him. The show's co-creator, Peter Gould, warned fans there would be an "upsetting" end to the season. Speaking to Entertainment weekly, he described the nature of the finale. DON'T MISS... Why is Better Call Saul ending after season 6? [INSIGHT] Better Call Saul season 6 cast: Who is in the cast? [EXPLAINER] How many episodes are in Better Call Saul season 6? [INSIGHT] He said: "Whipsaw, rug-pulling, there's even some gaslighting. It's also devastating. Upsetting." Fans are excited to see the show cross over with Breaking Bad, as it has been confirmed Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul will return. Walter White and Jesse Pinkman will make a dramatic entrance in what is expected to be one of the show's biggest highlights. Gould said the crossover will not happen in the way fans expect. Following the latest episode, Nacho Varga (Michael Mando) continues to be on the run. Gus Fring (Giancarlo Esposito) has his own plans for Nacho as he feels he is a liability. Meanwhile, Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) is behind the plans to bring down Howard (Patrick Fabian). Fans will have to tune in on Monday to find out what happens to Jimmy next.  Better Call Saul airs on AMC with new episodes dropping on Mondays at 9pm ET/PT. The series airs on Netflix in the UK.