The large fish, believed to be a houndshark, was pictured swimming in the waters of the British port city by passersby. The long, narrow shark was captured in photographs taken by Sam Booth and her son James as it swam along the surface of the Barbican. The pair were out walking along the waterside when they spotted the surprisingly large creature. Residents believe it was houndshark - known as a 'starry smooth-hound' that lives in shallow water. It had distinctive white speckles along its back, which caused a local fisherman of 16 years to believe it was that particular species of shark.  This specific breed can grow up to four-and-a-half feet in length but is not thought to be a danger to humans. Sam, who was amazed to see the peculiar animal, described it as "cool". Locals were perplexed at how it got there and said it's not common to see in Plymouth waters. The fisherman said: "They tend to stay up on the surface for a while before they go back under properly,” the fisherman added.  READ MORE: Heart-melting video of puppy crushed by debris rescued in Ukraine "I've fished the harbour for 16 years and I've not seen one caught in there before, so it's not common." Photos and videos of the magnificent creature were shared across social media, causing some people to question whether it had escaped from the National Marine Aquarium. The aquarium is located in Plymouth close to the seafront and houses a variety of different shark species. There was another shark sighting in Plymouth in April last year. DON'T MISS: Garden pests: How hedgehogs can keep slugs and snails at bay [INSIGHT]Bath residents fight to end gull menace [COMMENT]Drivers warned of huge £5,000 fine for driving with pets this Easter [ANALAYSIS] Footage is believed to show a porbeagle shark in the city's marina thrashing around. More footage emerged just two months later, in summer last year, of a porbeagle swimming underneath a small fishing boat. Porbeagles are a species of mackerel shark usually found in the cold and temperate marine waters of the North Atlantic and Southern Hemisphere. There have only been two registered unprovoked attacks by porbeagles in England and Canada, both were on divers and were non-fatal. 