Lewis Hamilton will “step up another level” when his Mercedes car has a chance of winning races, according to ex-driver turned race steward Derek Warwick. He claimed Hamilton was not used to fighting for lower points finishes which may not be getting the best from the seven-time champion. Instead, Hamilton could be saving something up his sleeve for when the Silver Arrows are competitive and able to challenge for wins again. It means the Briton could have a seismic turnaround in the second half of the season once the team at Brackley get on top of their problems. Warwick told Express Sport: “You’ve also got to remember at the minute he’s fighting for third, fourth and tenth as we’ve seen, which is not something he expects to do. So as soon as he’s got a chance of winning he will step up another level.” The German manufacturer has suffered with porpoising issues throughout the first three races which have plagued the team's results. Hamilton benefited from a late Red Bull retirement in Bahrain to secure third and a podium. READ MORE: Hamilton will be at odds with downbeat Wolff's recent title comments However, his season reached its nadir a week later in Saudi Arabia with the champion being knocked out in Q1 for the first time in four years, This was followed up with a tenth-placed finish and a solitary point before a fourth-placed finish last time out in Australia. It leaves Hamilton 43 points adrift of current championship leader Charles Leclerc. But, the Briton is ahead of his 2021 rival Max Verstappen who has struggled for reliability all season. Warwick still praised Hamilton's racecraft in an underperforming car, claiming he was still at the "top of his game". He said Hamilton's fight to secure tenth and one championship point shows “the character of the man" and warned the Mercedes man will know the importance of every result. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton tipped to 'challenge for wins' in a matter of weeks  [COMMENT]Mercedes chief's comments will be music to Lewis Hamilton's ears [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton suffering in George Russell fight after being 'spoiled' [ANALYSIS] After the race, Hamilton even asked his race engineer whether he had even scored a point for finishing down in P10. Warwick explained: “He didn't really care if it was a point or two points, he cared about passing the next car, He is still fundamentally a racing driver. “Even after all these races he still wants to pass cars, he still wants to get the next position. He's fighting, he knows the odd point here and there, if the car becomes competitive, he knows he will still challenge for the world championship.”