Residents in England are eligible for free prescriptions on the NHS once they turn 60 years of age. However, a consultation is taking place which could see the eligibility threshold raised to the state pension age, which means the over-60s will have to wait longer for support. In comparison, those who live in Scotland and Wales are able to claim free medication at any age. Outside of the over-60s demographic, young people are also entitled to free prescriptions if they are under 16 or between the ages of 16 and 18, and are in education. People who are pregnant or have had a baby in the last year and have a valid maternity exemption certificate are also able to claim this support. This maternity exemption certificate is known as a MatX but other concession certificates are available to other groups. Many people claim free prescriptions by getting a valid medical exemption certificate, which is known as a MedEX. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  Medical exemption certificates are given to people who have certain health conditions that meet the NHS’s qualifying criteria for claiming the benefit. On top of this, a medical exemption certificate for free prescriptions can be given to those who have an existing physical disability that stops them from going out without help from another person. Those looking to apply can ask their doctor for a FP92A form which will allow them to put forward a claim. The applicant’s GP will sign the form to confirm that all the details and diagnosis are correct, which will get them free prescriptions.  Among the various conditions that qualify someone for a medical exemption certificate include: People can also save money on their prescription charges by taking out a pre-payment certificate (PPC) which covers all medication costs over a period of time. As it stands, the average prescription charge in England is £9.35 per item but patients may have multiple medications they need which hikes up the total cost. A three-month PPC costs £30.25 per claimant and an annual certificate is priced at £108.10. Claimants usually opt to pay this fee all at once, but it is possible to spread the cost over 10 months paying £10.81 per month. In light of the cost of living crisis, many Britons will be looking to see if they are able to get free prescriptions to cut costs. In the last month, inflation has reached a 30-year high and energy bills are set to rise by £693 a year following changes to the price cap. A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: “Around 90 percent of community prescription items in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60 years old, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link with the state pension age. We are considering the responses carefully and will respond in due course.”