Prince Andrew took a central role last week when he escorted the Queen to Prince Philip’s memorial service, but Her Majesty’s support for her second son reportedly left the Royal Family “dismayed”. According to the Daily Mail, a “family source” said that senior royals – including Prince Charles and Prince William – disagreed with the Queen’s decision to allow Andrew such prominence at the service. The source said: “There was no suggestion beforehand that [Andrew] would be supporting [the Queen] in that way. “It hadn't been discussed specifically but it was hoped that common sense would intervene. “Clearly it didn't. There is dismay. I think people accept that this doesn't look good.” This was the Duke of York’s first public appearance since settling his out-of-court lawsuit with his sexual assault accuser Virginia Giuffre for allegations he has always denied. Andrew stepped back from royal duties after a disastrous Newsnight interview in 2019, and has since been stripped of his royal titles. READ MORE: Royal bombshell: Prince Charles 'asked Jimmy Savile for HELP' The Queen’s decision to be accompanied by Andrew is thought to reflect that this was a family occasion. Former BBC royal correspondent Jennie Bond told Express.co.uk: “This was her way of quietly showing, ‘OK, he messed up really badly, this was a disgrace, but he is my son’.” And Peter Hunt, another ex-royal BBC correspondent, said it was a sign of the Queen “endorsing” Andrew, adding: “It didn't happen by chance. “He could have sat in the congregation with others, with his relatives, but they actively decided that he would have this role of supporting her. “She's very clearly stating that he has a role at family occasions. “It's one thing to accept that he should attend his father's memorial service, it's quite another thing to then give him quite a prominent role so it was an active choice to give him such a prominent role.” The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations are due to take place over a long weekend from June 2 to 5. There are claims Andrew might again escort his mother to the Platinum Jubilee service on June 3. According to The Sun, a source close to the Duke said he was not concerned about “the weight of public opinion” against him. A royal source told Express.co.uk: “Prince Andrew does want to participate in the Platinum Jubilee celebrations and to be present at the St Paul’s Cathedral service of thanksgiving and to pay tribute to the Queen’s magnificent 70 years of public service. “The Prince and Queen do have a close bond. The Queen knows exactly what she is doing. She’s very much in charge." DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Meghan Markle looks to trademark word - almost 500 years too late [LIVE BLOG]Meghan Markle tries to trademark word 'archetypes' as Duchess launches Spotify podcast [LATEST]Royal Family ranked: New data shows most and least popular royals - from Queen to Andrew [ANALYSIS] Andrew is also expected to accompany the Queen to the Epsom Derby on June 4. However, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams told the Mirror that Prince Charles and Prince William insist there is “no way” Andrew will partake in the celebrations after previously having concerns about him “overshadowing” upcoming events. And Vanity Fair royal editor, Katie Nichol, said: “The Queen deliberately chose to have Andrew play such a prominent role [because] she still makes decisions.” She added: “But Charles and William were very aware of the perspective, of the optics of this. “Unfortunately, this picture [of Prince Andrew escorting the Queen] has overtaken what should have been a memorial to a great man.” So what do YOU think? Should Charles and William put their foot down and keep Andrew from the Jubilee limelight? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.