Prince Harry sat down with an American television show for an exclusive interview yesterday, whereby he discussed the fleeting visit he and Meghan Markle made last week to Windsor to see the Queen, his new life in the US and the Invictus Games. Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert and celebrity psychic Inbaal Honigman about the Duke of Sussex’s appearance. Inbaal suggested: "Harry does not look comfortable during the interview, nor does he look committed to his words. “His hands clasped in front of him, his feet planted firmly on the ground, he seems defensive. “The positioning of Harry across from [interviewer] Hoda [Kotb] is incredibly telling - they're sitting in identical chairs, and the chairs do not look comfortable, but Hoda does. “Look at her, legs elegantly crossed, leaning back, hands gently draped over one another, legendary disarming smile on her face, engaged and charming. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's speech shows 'astonishing differences' with Harry “Harry is as uncomfortable as the chair he's sitting in, stiff and distracted,” she remarked. “Uncharacteristically, he makes a few attempts before answering simple, predictable interview questions. “’How did it feel to be back?’ Asks Hoda. Not exactly a 'gotcha' question,” the expert suggests. “Before answering that ‘it was great’, Harry pauses, uses the sound ‘erm’, sucks his teeth, looks around, and only then speaks. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle stepped out in £350,000 earrings for Invictus Games [STYLE]Princess Charlene & Albert 'contrast' one another in new family photo [PICTURES]Kate Middleton ‘often pays tribute’ to Princess Diana - here's how [FASHION] “While he's thinking, he looks down and to his left, which may indicate he feels sadness or thinking about a moment which causes him unhappiness. “Several times throughout the interview he shrugs his shoulders, quite out of context,” Inbaal commented. “This childish gesture says 'it wasn't my fault, I didn't mean it' - not quite apologetic, like a kid trying to get out of trouble. “He rubs his hands down his legs, perhaps to ease uncomfortable sweaty palms. His smile is a little stiff and unnatural. “Most fascinating of all, when he attempts to say ‘Home for me now.... is the States’, it comes out as the longest sentence in history,” Inbaal claims. “He's looking from side to side, he's shrugging, he's repeating words, he's pausing multiple times. “The full transcript of this single, simple sentence is: ‘D’ya know. Home... home for me now... is.. is... is.. for the time being.. it's.. it's in the... it's in the States. And it really... and it feels that way as well’. “Hoda replies ‘Does it?’, and I think she's right,” the expert opined. “For once, we see a Harry who is unsure of himself, overthinking every word, and uncertain of where he stands in life.” The clip concludes with Harry saying: “We’ve been welcomed with open arms, and it’s got such a great community in Santa Barbara.” Hoda asks: “So you feel like that’s home more for you?” To which Harry replies: “Yes.”