Menopause can cause joint pain in many areas of the body, such as the knees, neck and hands. This is because during menopause, oestrogen levels fall and oestrogen helps to reduce inflammation. What can you do if menopause-related joint pain is getting the best of you? According to Anisha Joshi, for LQ Collagen Joint Care, something as simple as a 15-minute walk could help symptoms. She said: “The best advice is to keep active, even if this is a 15-minute walk around the block.” Joshi also advised: “Trying to reduce any excess weight on your body will be beneficial as well as eating a well balanced diet.” Hormones can play a big role in joint pain in women, even those not going through menopause. READ MORE: High cholesterol: Do you have tendon Xanthomas? The warning sign could 'restrict mobility' Joshi explained: “Hormone fluctuations can impact a lot in women. “The change in temperature can cause disturbed sleep and the change in cortisol levels can lead to a low mood. These can impact pain levels.” She added women experience more joint pain than men, usually due to hormone fluctuations on a monthly basis. There is also some evidence suggesting women’ biomechanics are also different to mens, for example, they contain less cartilage in their knees than men do. Joshi said: “This may be why women are 40 percent more likely to experience knee arthritis than men.” There’s no concrete evidence to show seasonal changes directly impact joints, but many of Joshi’s patients in her clinic report increases in pain in both winter and summer. She said: “Some theories are that the change in barometric pressure can impact the joints, however there's also some theories that people move less in both winter and summer due to the weather being either too hot or too cold. This can reduce the motivation to get outside and exercise.” Eating a well balanced diet is recommended, but there are some studies that suggest certain foods can help with joint inflammation. Joshi said: “Omega-3 is good for your joints as well as cardiovascular health. “Vitamin D and fruit and vegetables have been shown to also help with joint inflammation. “Trans and saturated fats have been shown in some studies to increase the likelihood of inflammation, you find these in full fat dairy and processed foods.” Many people take collagen supplements to help their joints, but is it really good for you? “There are some studies that suggest collagen can ease joint pain in those with osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.” Said Joshi. “If you are not getting enough protein in your diet then collagen supplements can help provide the protein building blocks your body needs in order to support the structures that make up a healthy joint. “You can take collagen either morning or night to get the same benefits, however if you experience digestive issues when taking the supplement then it may be best to take it in the morning with a smoothie or in your coffee.”