 On Thursday, five-time Masters champion Woods returned to competitive golf 14 months after being involved in a near-fatal car crash. The golfing legend commanded huge gallery support on his return to Augusta National, and wowed the crowd with three birdies and two bogeys on the opening day of the major. The crash left Woods fearing his lower right leg may need to be amputated, yet the US star's return has seen him defy doubters once again. He told the press: “If you would have seen how my leg looked to where it is now. “To see where I’ve been, to get from there to here, it was no easy task.” Woods added: “I can swing a golf club. The walking isn't easy, it’s difficult. It’s going to be difficult for the rest of my life.” A victory in this year’s tournament may even surpass Woods’ 2019 Masters feat, which at the time was labelled by golfing legend Nick Faldo as “the greatest scene in golf forever”. Read More: Tiger Woods and Sergio Garcia’s furious 14-year feud recapped  Woods' triumph came after a major drought that had lasted for over a decade, during which his poster boy image had been tarred by numerous infidelity claims and a drink driving arrest. Woods' career was also on the brink due to a two-year back injury, with the Masters win not far removed from a fourth round of back surgery. Considered one of the ultimate sporting fairytales, Mr Morgan wrote at the time: “Yesterday, gloriously, he won again - five years after his last professional victory, 17 months after his last (successful) spine fusion surgery and 16 months after his mug shot was paraded across the world’s newspaper front pages following his DUI arrest. “It was a wondrous moment of sporting triumph against all the odds, and a deliciously satisfying two-fingered salute to all those who’d buried him.”  In his Daily Mail column, the pundit then described a scene from ‘Rocky Balboa’ in which the protagonist gives his “whining, entitled, excuse-making son” a lecture about overcoming struggle. Mr Morgan made a comparison between Rocky and Woods' attitude, claiming the golfer’s victory was an example to the “snowflake generation” on how to tackle life’s curveballs. He said: “Sadly, modern society is increasingly riddled with young people like Rocky’s son, wallowing in their own self-pity. “They’re the much-ridiculed snowflake generation, with a depressing tendency to complain about everything, get offended by anything, and blame everyone but themselves when things go wrong in their life. Don't Miss:Tiger Woods and Sergio Garcia’s furious 14-year feud recapped[OPINION]Tiger Woods was left 'so p***** off' after Muhammad Ali punched him[INSIGHT]Jon Rahm: Remarkable footage of 'greatest hole-in-one in history[ANALYSIS]  “Those who succumb to this self-indulgent nonsense (let me be clear, many laudable young people do not) could all do with taking a long, hard look at the way Tiger Woods has rebuilt his life from what seemed to be an unstoppable descent into oblivion.” Mr Morgan then claimed: “I’ve never met Tiger but from all accounts, he’s not the nicest guy you’ll ever come across, either on the course or off it. “But as with many great sportsmen, those same single-minded, ruthlessly selfish characteristics also propelled him to be the greatest ever player of a game once dominated exclusively by white men. “And they’ve now driven him to this astonishing comeback, when virtually everyone had stuck a fork in him.  “Tiger, for all his faults, is a fighter like Rocky Balboa; a man with guts, determination, courage, resilience and a burning desire to succeed. “At 41 years old, wracked with pain from multiple injuries, his golf game in shambolic, humiliating tatters, and with his private life a scandalous fiasco, the easy thing for Tiger to do would have been to quit. “He didn’t need the money, or the physical pain, and he certainly didn’t need the endless mockery.  “That he chose to fight on, and win again, is a stunning testimony to his strength of character.” Woods had won 14 majors in his first 46 attempts, but until 2019 hadn’t won a major in 28 starts. The image of Woods’ two arms raised in celebration, and the emotional embrace he then shared with his children, have become some of the most iconic pictures from that year of sport.