The institution has said it has limited space to treat patients with life-threatening conditions and injuries. With an announcement on social media, it announced the declaration of a "critical incident" and said that people should not call 999, since the ambulance service is also under pressure. The "extreme pressure" has hit the Queen Alexandra Hospital site. An "increasingly challenging staffing position" is also reported in the hospital, as a result of sickness. All the beds in the hospital are full, and the Emergency Department (ED)'s capacity is exhausted. At the same time, the ED is "full" with patients who are also waiting to be admitted at the hospital. The Portsmouth Hospital University NHS Trust said: "Due to extreme pressures on services, we have declared a critical incident at QA Hospital. "We have limited space to treat patients with life-threatening conditions and injuries." The critical incident declared is expected to help the institution focus its actions and "prioritise the provision of critical, emergency services". The hospital announced that attempts will be made to "safely" discharge as many patients, in order to free up beds for other "most seriously ill patients" waiting to be admitted.  And they added: "Please do not attend ED unless it is an emergency. "Non-emergency attendances will not be seen and redirected to Urgent Treatment Centres at St Mary’s Hospital, Gosport and Petersfield." Moreover, the hospital urges patients not to call 999 "unless it is a serious or life-threatening emergency as the ambulance service is also under intense pressure and operating under a critical incident." The institution has stated that the safety of patients and staff "remains a top priority".  It calls people to share their announcement in order to help deescalate the situation. Moreover, it calls families to collect patients as soon as they are ready to be discharged, in order to facilitate the situation. The institution hasn't announced how long the critical incident will last, however they said: "We will be reviewing the situation regularly and thank you for all your support during this difficult and busy time." 