Homes Under The Hammer presenter Martin Roberts has taken to Twitter to share a health update with his followers a week after being rushed to hospital "with hours to live". In a short video he posted on social media, the star revealed that he had been discharged from hospital after undergoing tests, which revealed that he had "a few potential residual problems". In view of his 49,800 followers, the star revealed that he's heading home. Martin captioned the clip: "Bit of an update. "Thank you to the wonderful NHS - especially the teams in A & E and the Cardiac Care Unit at the RUH in Bath, who saved my life. "And Thank you to you for all your incredible messages of love and support. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty admits struggle as tells BBC colleague ‘ask for help’  "They have meant the world," he wrote with a series of red hearts. In the clip, Martin revealed the happy news that he was now leaving the hospital. He told his fans: "So, some pretty amazing news really. "I'm sitting in the foyer of the RUH having just been discharged.  "They did an MRI scan on my heart this morning, found out that I do have a few potential residual problems, but stuff that they're going to check over the next few months to make sure I don't get any worse, hopefully I'm getting better," he added. The star went on: "But the breathing side of things, just going to carry on with it on antibiotics and have more follow-up meetings with the respiratory team. "But for now they've decided that they've done what they can and I'm better placed going home and to see how I am. "What can I say?" Martin said as he went on to thank his followers for their kind words and the NHS teams for looking after him. DON'T MISS...Helen Skelton announces heartbreaking split from husband Richie Myler [INSIGHT]Johnny Depp doodles as police give evidence on final row with Amber [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Meghan and Harry for 'exploiting Invictus Games' [UPDATE] He went on: "First thing to say is thank you with all my heart for all your messages of support "You've been amazing, it's kept me going through some very dark hours, so honestly, thank you "I mean, I can't thank you enough." The star told how he's planning to continue his recovery at home and looked forward to getting back into his garden. Martin said: "I'm hopefully on the road to recovery, the team here is, second thing I need to say, especially the cardiac unit, you know, the doctors and nurses who have saved my life, what can you say? "I'm going home, I'm going to have a shower, I'm going to sit in the garden and look at the grass because I haven't seen much greenery for the last week and continue to thank God and the angels for looking after me," he said before ending the clip. Last week the Homes Under The Hammer star underwent emergency surgery to save his life after fluid had gathered around his heart. The star was rushed to hospital after experiencing chest pains and explained in a clip to fans that the fluid was "stoppping his heart working", but Maritn is now recovering after a week in hospital.