  TalkTV presenter Piers Morgan, 57, claimed Princess Diana was keen to do her infamous 1995 Panorama interview with Martin Bashir. Despite reports to the contrary, Piers said Diana told him she had “no regrets” about talking to the journalist.     Piers shared an article with his 7.9 million Twitter followers yesterday addressing the controversial interview. The article featured the perspective of biographer Tina Brown, who claims Princess Diana had “no regrets” about her Panorama interview. Retweeting the post, Piers added: “True. Diana told me that over lunch 6 months after the interview aired. “‘Do you regret doing Panorama?’ I asked.      “‘No,’ she replied. ‘I have no regrets. I wanted to do it, to put my side over. “‘There’s been so much rubbish said and written that it was time people knew the truth.’” Veteran journalist Tina Brown wrote the biography The Diana Chronicles in 2007. She now has a new book titled The Palace Papers: Inside the House of Windsor, the Truth and the Turmoil.     Piers’ followers weighed in on the divisive topic, taking to the comments section to share their thoughts on his response to the article. Carol Tweedale wrote: “She prob didn't regret doing the interview, but if she'd found out belatedly like we all dad, that the BBC had stitched her up, I don't suppose she'd have been too happy, like the rest of us aren't.” (sic) While Jake Larkin asked Piers: “How the f*** have you managed to make this about you?” Derek added: “Do you think that your boasting about having lunch with her was somehow needed to make the truth of this article more true?”      While Noreen commented: “Neither should she have....regret what you don’t do....not what you do (unless your name is Putin...then you should regret being born)!!!” (sic) In an excerpt from Tina’s new book, published in Vanity Fair, she describes a meeting with British entrepreneur Gulu Lalvani who had dated Diana shortly before her death. She wrote: “I am told by Lalvani that Diana said she had no regrets about the interview and made clear that she had said exactly what she wanted to say on camera. “(She even co-opted lines such as ‘There were three of us in this marriage’ from her writer friend Clive James.)      “‘She was pleased about it [the interview],’ Lalvani confirmed to me. ‘She didn’t have a bad word to say about Martin Bashir. She realised it served her purpose.’ “She was right. Her ‘purpose’ was to frame herself to the British public as a betrayed woman before the increasingly inevitable divorce from Charles.” Tina then added: “I don’t subscribe to the now pervasive narrative that Diana was a vulnerable victim of media manipulation, a mere marionette tossed about by malign forces beyond her control. “While strongly sympathetic to her sons’ pain, I find it offensive to present the canny, resourceful Diana as a woman of no agency, as either a foolish, duped child or the hapless casualty of malevolent muckrakers.” The Palace Papers: Inside the House of Windsor, the Truth and the Turmoil will be available on April 26 to purchase for £20 from retailers including Amazon, Waterstones and Foyles. Published by Penguin, Century Imprint: “From the Queen's stoic resolve to the crisis of Meghan and Harry. From the ascendance of Camilla and Kate to the downfall of Andrew. Full of remarkable inside access, The Palace Papers by Sunday Times bestselling author Tina Brown will change how you understand the Royal Family.”    