If you use Windows now is a very good time to make sure your PC's software is fully up to date. Microsoft has just released a vital upgrade, as part of its Patch Tuesday event, which fixes over 120 flaws in its popular operating systems. Ten of the problem are so serious they have been given a "Critical" rating by the Redmond firm which means users should not delay in downloading the patch. If that wasn't enough to have you reaching for the download button there's also the news that two of the flaws fixed in this latest release, named CVE-2022-24521 and CVE-2022-26904, have been given the dreaded zero-day rating. Zero-day warnings are every gadget owners worst nightmare. That's because zero-day means it's possible – and highly likely – the issue is known to hackers and is being actively exploited right now. That's why Microsoft has rushed to release the patch so quickly in a bid to protect PCs from possible attacks. Along with Windows itself being impacted by these bugs, there are also a number of popular applications that get patched in this latest upgrade including Microsoft Office, Skype for Business and Microsoft Edge. If you have a Windows PC then it's a good idea to check that things are all up to date as soon as possible. HERE'S HOW TO UPDATE: In Windows 10, you decide when and how to get the latest updates to keep your device running smoothly and securely. To manage your options and see available updates, select Check for Windows updates. Or select the Start button, and then go to Settings > Update & Security > Windows Update. In Windows 11, you decide when and how to get the latest updates to keep your device running smoothly and securely. To manage your options and see available updates, select Check for Windows updates. Or select Start > Settings > Windows Update. This latest bunch of fixes comes as Microsoft says it's going to phase out its Patch Tuesday releases in favour of something called Windows Autopatch. Windows Autopatch, which looks set to launch in July, manages all aspects of deployment groups for Windows 10 and Windows 11 quality and feature updates, drivers, firmware, and Microsoft 365 Apps for enterprise updates. The updates will be pushed out automatically throughout the month and should make sure that all PCs stay safe from any issues without having to wait for a major release from Microsoft.