While he now presents James Martin's Saturday Morning over on ITV, James has recently revealed why he left his previous show, Saturday Kitchen. In a recent interview, James Martin, 49, said he left the well-loved show because he was looking for a new challenge. The 49-year-old also revealed that he wasn’t aware of how big an impact he had on the show until after he had left. On a podcast, which promotes travel to Yorkshire, the top TV chef divulged his reasons for leaving the BBC show. He also spoke about his passion for food and enjoyment when cooking, and also his dedication to supporting other chefs in the industry. James has been appearing on our television screens since 1996 when he was a chef on Ready Steady Cook. READ MORE: Rachel Riley on struggle as she's bombarded with 'disgusting' messages When James decided to leave Saturday Kitchen after 10 years, he confided in radio DJ Chris Evans before he made an official announcement. James said that Chris “spat his drink out” in surprise when he told him his plans. Fans were shocked too when James announced his departure from the show, leaving in 2016. After exiting Saturday Kitchen five years ago, James has now expressed that he wasn’t as aware of his “voice” as much as he is now. James has been on TV for more than just his cooking, as he took part in a hit BBC dance show in 2006. The former Strictly Come Dancing contestant said: “I didn’t [leave Saturday Kitchen] for any other reason. “I just wanted a different challenge and bits and pieces,” he told listeners. He didn’t realise, until after he had left, how much influence he had as a TV chef. DON'T MISS:Ricky Gervais defies woke claims Chris Rock 'deserved' slap at Oscars [LATEST]Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [NEWS]Jane Fonda, 84, showcases ageless beauty in princess-style gown [PICTURES] James added: “But even if I say to somebody, go to this restaurant, I really mean it. “In terms of a chef, called Gareth Ward, he told me the other day, he said, ‘[I’m] coming on your show’. “He did a great fish menu, all that sort of stuff. “He said, ‘Coming on your show [Saturday Morning with James Martin], I filled my restaurant for three months'." The celebrity cook gave an interview with the Talkshire podcast in February. Speaking on the podcast, James talked about how he didn’t realise “how big a deal” the show was until he had left. He said: “It just really didn't really hit me until I left Saturday Kitchen, which is five years ago now, I didn't realise how big a deal it was and I genuinely mean that.” He also said: “I feel I owe it to my industry in terms of the industry that I fell in love with to give something back. “That's my way of doing it if I can support them doing anything. “The guys are amazing people you know, Lisa Northcote [is a] phenomenal chef, you need to give them a voice and a platform to be able to showcase what they do. “And they’re better chefs than I will ever be.”