The Queen looked pensive in pictures showing her being driven away from Wood Farm, a five-bedroom cottage where she is believed to have stayed over the past few days. In the snaps, the head of state was sitting in the back of a Range Rover, looking outside of the window. The 96-year-old appeared to be wearing a colourful cardigan and a dark green vest above it. The Queen was being driven to her helicopter, which later took the head of state to her Berkshire residence - Windsor Castle. The monarch had travelled to her Norfolk estate on April 20, one day prior to her 96th birthday. She is believed to have spent her birthday privately, as other members of the Royal Family were carrying out engagements up and down the country.  Over the past week, the Queen reportedly stayed at Wood Farm, a farmhouse which the late Duke of Edinburgh had made his main residence between his retirement in the summer of 2017 and the beginning of the pandemic in March 2020. In that residence, the royals are known to let go of the more stringent etiquette rules in place in other royal palaces. Speaking prior to the sovereign's birthday, sources said the decision of the Queen to take a "mini break" in Sandringham was a "positive step", in the midst of concerns for her advancing age and reported mobility issues. One royal source also told the Mirror: "The Queen is taking a well-earned break and will mark her birthday very modestly this year. READ MORE: Prince William wanted to ‘banish’ Prince Andrew "She feels very at home at Wood Farm and close to her beloved husband and it’s wonderful she was able to travel to enjoy the getaway." Buckingham Palace marked the Queen's birthday by releasing a picture taken in March on the grounds of the Windsor estate by Henry Dallal. In the snap, the Queen can be seen standing happily between two of her fell ponies. Mr Dallal had previously taken pictures of the Queen to mark her 90th birthday and her Golden and Diamond jubilees. While in Sandringham over the past few days, the monarch was spotted multiple times being driven around her estate. On Saturday, she was pictured in the front seat of a Range Rover while being driven to see her stables. She was in the company of her friend and racing manager John Warren. The Queen's return to Windsor Castle comes just weeks before the long bank holiday weekend in June, which will see the Platinum Jubilee being celebrated through an array of events. Among the most anticipated ones, there is the return of the Trooping the Colour parade to central London, after it had to be carried out in a streamlined way at Windsor Castle for two years due to the pandemic. In order to participate in the parade on June 2 without sacrificing her comfort, the 96-year-old sovereign may travel in a 4x4 instead of a carriage, it has been reported. Prince Charles, Prince William and Princess Anne are expected to take part in the parade on horseback due to their military titles. At the end of the parade, the Queen reportedly desires to be surrounded by her wider family on the iconic Buckingham Palace balcony. And she is said to have extended an invitation to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to join her. Other events planned for the long bank holiday event include a concert at Buckingham Palace and street lunches organised across the four nations.