Monday's This Morning saw Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby challenging the Labour leader about the party's lack of success and its six-point lead over the Tories despite the recent controversies surrounding the Conservative Party. He asked Starmer how effective he has been, claiming some votes see him as "ineffective".   After discussing Boris Johnson and other MPs being fined over breaching lockdown rules, Schofield pointed out that Labour "should have a greater lead". Schofield argued: "With a six-point lead, it's a big turn around but with all of those gifts, some say it should be a greater lead." He went on to state: "Some say, 'You're a nice guy but a little bit ineffective at times.' "How do you feel about leading Labour into the local elections?" READ MORE: Casualty theory: Dylan Keogh's secret rumbled in affair twist "Really good," Starmer replied. "Not many people say to me 'Keir you haven't done anything with the Labour Party.' "The really good thing is we get the chance to go for that election, I've got Angela Rayner and Rachel Reeves, really strong women." He went on: "We are buzzing, we want to go out and build on what we have done. I'm not complacent. "I didn't come into politics to be in competition, I came into politics to change lives."  Schofield repeated: "YouGov puts you a mere six points ahead of the Tories, so Holly's point was are you doing enough?" He added: "How effective have you been in opposition bearing in mind that you've been handed these gifts?" "Well, two things about that, firstly the cost of living crisis is very, very real," Starmer argued. "And across the country, people are really struggling to pay their bills, and the government is now whacking them for more tax. DON'T MISS... Kevin McCloud in BBC blast 'resent being put in the same group' [VIDEO]Carol Kirkwood leaves BBC Breakfast hosts emotional with memory of mu [LATEST]Richard Madeley in shock at Angela Rayner controversy [VIDEO] "So this is a really big struggle for millions and millions of people. "And we the Labour party have got very positive things to say about that. "For example, we say you know, for energy bills, the oil and gas companies in the north sea made more money than expected because of the higher global prices. "We say 'use that to reduce energy bills by up to £600, don't bring in the tax rise this month', will be our position.  "On how well we're doing as a party, let me take that on the chin." He detailed: "Because I took over Labour Party when we'd just lost an election, the worst loss we'd had since 1935. "And we are now as you say about six points ahead in the polls, that is a remarkable change around for a party within two years."  Responding to the conversation, many took to social media to give their view. User @Anagram_60 posted: "Kier Starmer is coming across well on #ThisMorning in-spite of Phil & Holly the Tory bam pots too who are trying to defend Bozo as usual #ToriesOut @thismorning." While @KazP19 wrote: "I am no fan of @Keir_Starmer but I see #ThisMorning a lot and their attempts today at blaming him for misogynistic attack on @AngelaRayner & for Johnson's failure to resign is frankly pathetic. "@Schofe & @hollywills are so blatantly Tory it's an embarrassment." Kath Sian tweeted: "Stark difference with how Schofield talks to Starmer compared to how he and Holly fawned over Johnson, isn’t there? #thismorning." This Morning airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.