Ferrari team principal Mattia Binotto has explained two essential aspects of his current role he learnt from Michael Schumacher during their time together on the F1 circuit. Schumacher won five of his record seven world titles with Ferrari, where he cemented his status as arguably the best F1 driver in history. The legendary German driver joined the Scuderia in 1996, one year after Binotto arrived in the engine department ahead of a period of dominance in the early 2000s. In a recent interview with Bild, he revealed that Schumacher's unrivalled success at Ferrari wasn't the only valuable aspect of their relationship. Binotto will also 'never forget' learning crucial lessons in mentality and leadership ability from Schumacher. He said: "It was a fantastic time. I'm proud to have been part of it all. And not only that: I learned a lot from him. I learned that mentality and ability to be a leader from him. I will never forget that." The 52-year-old has guided Ferrari to a phenomenal start to the 2022 F1 season, in which they are expected to challenge Red Bull in both the drivers' and constructors' championship standings. Alfa Romeo and Haas, both boasting Ferrari engines, have also impressed in the campaign's early stages, particularly the latter. JUST IN: Souness tells Kane to confront Conte over Tottenham future Ferrari made a statement two weeks ago as Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz earned a memorable one-two in the Bahrain Grand Prix. And both Scuderia drivers were on the podium again in Saudi Arabia last weekend, although Max Verstappen denied Leclerc two wins from two. Ferrari look levels above Mercedes, and teams with the Silver Arrows' engine are also underperforming near the back of the grid. Binotto looks a genius for switching Ferrari's focus towards their 2022 challenger early, but he has admitted the teams' stunning start has surprised him. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Klopp explains decision to drop in-form Diaz vs Watford "We knew that we had prepared well this season and worked hard as a team," he added. "But of course, we didn't know exactly where we were compared to the other teams. "Then you can't expect such a good result in the first race because we expected that there would be super strong competitors out there. In Bahrain, we maximized our performance, and in Saudi Arabia, it was confirmed how competitive the car is. We also know what to focus on in the coming months." Ferrari will look to record another impressive outing when the F1 season returns with the Australian Grand Prix next weekend.