Sophie Hinchliffe, more commonly known as Mrs Hinch, rose to fame when she began posting nifty cleaning tips and tricks to social media. She inspired an army of cleaning enthusiasts to create Mrs Hinch's Cleaning Tips, a Facebook page which offers simple solutions to household chores. Debz Softy Taylor took to the Facebook page with a photo of some blinds covered in dust and in need of a clean. "Hi guys, any tips how to clean these wooden blinds?" Mrs Hinch fans rushed to her rescue with their top tips. Billie-Jo Clark stated: "I hoover with the soft brush weekly. READ MORE: How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas  "I’ve also taken them outside and used a soft broom with warm water and fairy liquid and hosed off. They were fine." Samantha Kelsey offered her "easiest" solution: "I close mine and hoover them with the hoover brush." Alex Robertson gave her top tip: "I use baby wipes Debz, they smell amazing after as well." She added: "I'd take most of the dust off first with a duster." Sammy Gillard suggested using a "sock and warm water", stating, "Everyone is saying it's the easiest by far and such fun to do". Kirstie Inns provided a foolproof method that she has been "using for years": "I hoover mine and damp dust with some fabric softener in the water, it helps kill the static and keep the dust away for longer." Paula Boyle said: "I took mine down and used beeswax furniture polish. "Came up like new. Mine are the dark brown walnut ones." Sheila Wood admitted: "I have learned by laziness to dust both sides a least once a week! "If they have a build up of dirt you have to clean each slat one at a time with a damp cloth using soapy water and it takes ages." So she doesn't forget, Sheila has "set the job for Monday and I make sure I do them". Vanessa Cavell uses tumble dryer sheets to get pesky dirt off wooden blinds. "One slat at a time. Takes forever but definitely worth it." Marie Gormley opted for a cheap method: "I use two white socks - one on each hand - with hot soapy water, and rinse socks after each slat is cleaned." Jennie White also advocated for using socks: "I read about putting your hand in a sock and find it really helps dust them." Yvonne Brannan then offered a top tip for the sock method, suggesting that they are "dipped in some warm water with fabric conditioner in". "This helps stop the static that attracts dust, plus a nice smell!" Finally, Sarah Fitzgerald offered a solution that is "time consuming but does the job": Antibacterial Wipes from Tesco.