Spanish outlet Telecinco reports Sergey Protosenya, 55, allegedly killed his wife and 18-year-old daughter with an axe before taking his own life. Protosenya, had travelled with wife Natalia, 53, and their teenage daughter, Maria, to a villa registered under their name in the Catalan fishing town of Lloret de Mar. They had not brought the couple’s other child, who had remained in France while the alleged incident took place. The villa on Spain’s Costa Brava is believed to be the family’s second home to their residence in France. Protosenya, who is thought to have amassed a worth of over £333million, reportedly attacked his spouse and teenage daughter at the property after they travelled to the coast for Easter, Spanish outlet Telecinco reports. Telecinco described how local police, Mossos d'Esquadra, turned up at the villa after Protosenya’s teenage son, who had not joined the family on holiday but remained in France, alerted authorities on Tuesday. The son had become anxious when he had been unable to contact family members at the villa. Catalan police then discovered Protosenya outside the villa, dead in the courtyard of the property. Inside the building, authorities discovered the mother and daughter, deceased, in two separate bedrooms. Telecinco reports the two female victims had visible stab wounds when police found their bodies. READ MORE: Putin's support collapses as allies 'dismayed' over unwanted war Protosenya was then reportedly discovered with an axe near to his body, and a blood-encrusted knife. Local police are working with the theory the Russian oligarch killed his family whilst they were sleeping, before committing suicide just outside the walls of the property, Telecinco added. Protosenya had no previous record of domestic violence, and local residents of Lloret de Mar described a family who was amiable and friendly. Protosenya made his fortune as deputy chairman of the Board of Directors for Russian natural gas company, Novatek. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: 'Insecure' Putin turns to 'last weapon' [LIVE] Joe Biden 'too weak' in face of Putin's invasion of Ukraine [REVEAL] POLL: Is Boris right to increase Indian immigration for trade deal? [VOTE] He held this position for over seven years, after graduating from Moscow University with a degree in civil engineering. Russian oligarchs have increasingly come under the spotlight and economic pressure as Moscow continues with its invasion of Ukraine. They have felt the financial brunt of sanctions against Vladimir Putin’s regime, often singled out by countries looking to punish the Kremlin and hinder their economic ability to wage war in Ukraine. Oleg Tinkov, a Russian oligarch subject to UK sanctions, said on Wednesday the Russian invasion constituted a “crazy war” that had become a “massacre”. He slammed the war as having no “beneficiary”, after one of Russia’s most well-known oligarchs spoke out against the war, but carefully toed the line of overt regime criticism. Mikhail Fridman stopped short of calling out the Kremlin, following his warning any personal remarks could risk his safety and the security of those associated with him. But Russian businessman, Boris Mints, took the step to condemn “Vladimir Putin’s growing authoritarianism.” He told the BBC: “Every right-thinking person has a duty to speak out against this appalling war and Vladimir Putin's growing authoritarianism”. He added: “All of us must do what we can to support Ukrainians suffering from this vicious onslaught, whether in Ukraine or as refugees beyond its borders.”