Victoria Beckham has reportedly moved on to her son who is next in line to walk down the aisle. It comes after her eldest son Brooklyn Beckham, 23, tied the knot with his wife Nicola Peltz, 27, earlier this month. The 48-year-old is said to be impressed with how much the Beckham brand has been boosted following her eldest son's nuptials and she is already looking forward to the next wedding. Brooklyn wed billionaire heiress' Nicola at her family home in Palm Beach, Florida. A number of famous faces attended the £3million wedding extravaganza at the oceanfront home - worth over £70 million. With Nicola’s dad - 79-year-old businessman Nelson Peltz who is worth an estimated £1.3 billion - footing the bill, no expense was spared. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood slams 'desperate' BBC critic urging her not to smile It has since been reported her 19-year-old son Romeo is now set to pop the question. The teen has been dating Mia Regan, also 19, since 2019 and Victoria is said to have become rather close with the British model. A source has claimed that Victoria is craving the “pomp and pageantry” of another family wedding and wants Mia to become a “full-time member” of the Beckham clan. A source told Heat: “She was so impressed with the way Brooklyn and Nicola pulled off their big day without a hitch and got the whole world talking about the Beckham name again.  "It was a wonderful day full of love and fun for the family and really bolstered their brand, and she wants to keep that momentum going – with help from Romeo and his girlfriend Mia.” It was also claimed the couple's rumoured nuptials would be an even bigger global talking point. “She’d be very pleased if Romeo popped the question soon," they added. "Vic says it doesn’t matter if they stay engaged for a year or two before the wedding, just as long as they lock down a date so she can start getting everyone excited and inviting all the A-list guests.” DON'T MISS... Emmerdale's Mark Charnock's emotional farewell as co-star leaves soap[LATEST]Countryfile's Helen Skelton seen without wedding ring after split[UPDATES]Claudia Winkleman was '21 and a virgin' before fringe transformed life[ADMISSION] Victoria had dressed Mia for Brooklyn's wedding day and the pair are said to have grown close. Romeo and his girlfriend's age is reportedly not an issue for Victoria as they are “mature” and have been “going strong” for three years, showing they’re not afraid to commit. The Spice Girls member was only 22 when she met professional footballer David Beckham. In addition, Mia has modelled for Victoria's VVB collection. The pair have collaborated together to promote Victoria's fashion brand on social media and the designer even included the Tik Tok star's artwork in a 2020 drop. In February this year, the pair were spotted at London Fashion week on the front row of designer Supriya Lele's AW 2022 show. Romeo, who is David and Victoria's second eldest son, often shares sweet updates of the couple on social media. The source added David has suggested the couple take their time and let the relationship move "organically". 