Buying products to use in the garden, such as weed killers, can be expensive as well as cause harm to the environment. Gardening experts at Gardening Express have shared different drinks to use in the garden instead, some of which can even be used as fertilisers, which could save gardeners time and money. Chris Bonnett, founder of Gardening Express said: “People might be surprised to hear that a lot of household drinks can actually be used in their gardens and on their plants. “If you have some spare or flat cola this is a great alternative to weed killers and some drinks like milk and tea actually work as fertilisers. “Of course, they’re not as strong as store bought ones but they’re definitely better for the environment and are a more eco-friendly option. “A lot of these techniques are best off being used in moderation, for example adding too much orange juice and milk could potentially do more harm to your plants than good and could result in killing them if overused.” The experts recommended using vodka in the garden to act as a pesticide and a weed killer. READ MORE: Monty Don: How to weed ‘properly’ to prevent regrowth They said: “One of the most unlikely drinks you would think to add to your garden is vodka. “Outdoors, vodka can be used as a pesticide and weed killer. If you’re looking for a hack for indoor plants, adding a dash of vodka into the water of cut flowers kills bacteria and promotes growth. “This is because it acts as an antibacterial agent." Garden weeds can be tricky to get rid of, especially when they grow so fast. DON'T MISS:Slugs: Protect your garden from pests using ‘homemade’ barrier [EXPLAINER]Tomatoes: ‘Secret’ to growing ‘tastier’ fruit is down to the soil [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share 89p product to stop kitchen bin odours [INSIGHT] Using cola on them may also help to suppress weeds and it can even be used on compost. The experts said: “If you have some leftover Coke, go ahead and add it to your compost pile. Its sweetness and sugars mean that it’s a great natural booster. “When using cola on places like the driveway it’s important to bear in mind that this can stick and attract bugs.” Another fizzy drink which can be used on plants is lemonade. Adding a small amount to some water can help to increase the lifespan of plants, because the acid and sugar prevents bacteria. The experts continued: “As well as being good for our bodies, green tea is also good for your plants. “Green tea leaves enrich garden plants because they’re high in nitrogen. They’re also good for keeping pests at bay.” Fertilising plants helps them to grow and provides them with the nutrients they need. According to the experts at Gardening Express, orange juice can be used as an alternative to fertiliser. Recommended in moderation, mix some orange juice in with water when watering the plants in the garden. The experts added: “Some plants like daffodils and roses will welcome tea leaves as a fertiliser. This won’t be as strong as using a store bought fertiliser but it’s a good option if you don’t have some handy in the house and it’s also a lot more eco-friendly.” Milk can also be used to help plants grow, with vitamin B and calcium promoting healthy growth and reducing the risk of calcium deficiency, especially important for tomatoes. Gardening Express said: “Create a diluted solution of milk that is half water and half milk, pour it into a spray bottle and spray it over your garden. “Like most things, you’ll want to do this in moderation; too much milk can harm your plants.”