CBS’ popular family cop drama will return for its next episode this Friday as it heads towards the end of season 12. Another instalment of Blue Bloods has already been confirmed but, first, the youngest Reagan son, Jamie (played by Will Estes) will have to go behind his father Frank's (Tom Selleck) back to seek advice about a fellow officer. Jamie goes behind his father’s back to talk to his grandfather Henry (Len Cariou) in the latest sneak peek at the next episode of Blue Bloods. Episode 18, Long Lost, will see the young Sergeant witness an incident involving fellow Sergeant McNichols (Stephanie Kurtzuba) which could potentially end her whole career. However, his father Frank may not be the best person to help him through this tricky dilemma. In the new promotional clip, Henry tells Jamie: “There’s a reason you came to me and not to your father on this.” READ MORE: Kate Bliss children: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? “You wanted my answer, not his. Your mind was made up before you walked through that door.” It seems Frank’s son may have already decided he wants to proceed with the investigation and potentially end McNichols’ career with the NYPD. He looks unsure but admits to his grandfather: “I don’t know. Maybe.” While Henry isn’t able to tell his grandson what he should do, he does leave Jamie with a poignant piece of advice to help him make up his mind. “Jamie, great leaders don’t lead according to words on a page,” he says. “Great leaders lead with their heart.” After his insightful conversation with the retired Commissioner, hopefully, Jamie is a step closer to determining how best to proceed with McNichols’ case. The episode’s official synopsis reveals Jamie is torn over whether or not to report her after she punches a fellow officer. In another scene, Jamie confides in his wife and partner Eddie Janko (Vanessa Ray), who warns him he should keep his nose out. DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul’s Jonathan Banks lands role in new drama [NEWS]Eamonn Holmes was detained under terrorism act in misunderstanding [INSIGHT]Eamonn Holmes slams delays to clean energy ‘I’ll be dead’ [OPINION] Jamie tells her: “The law doesn’t care what’s happening in her personal life. “It’s assault, it’s black and white. And to be honest, it sounds like McNichols knew her audience.” Jamie is torn even further when Eddie insists the incident was none of his business, and reporting it could make life at the precinct harder for both them and McNichols. She scolds him: “Maybe you should get your nose out of the state penal law and focus on actual people for once.” “First you’re having her salute the front desk for no reason, and now this? “You know what, Jamie? There’s a reason the two of us don’t have any friends in this precinct. It’s nothing to do with me.” Eddie apparently wasn’t able to help Jamie make up his mind, as he’ll also need to seek some guidance from the more experienced Reagan patriarch. Unfortunately, Jamie may have to make the difficult decision to go against his whole family to ensure McNichols receives the discipline he believes she deserves. Blue Bloods season 12 continues Fridays on CBS in the USA. Season 11 continues Mondays on Sky Witness in the UK.