James Corden, 43, has quit The Late Late Show after it was reported he wanted to spend more time with his family in the UK after seven years of hosting the smash hit CBS show and the host has since issued a statement. The British-born star explained it had been a "really hard" decision when he announced the news. James could be making a potential move across the pond back to Britain. Back in October it was reported bosses were keen to keep him at the helm of the popular series – and were willing to pay him £15 million to keep him as the host for another two years. But the presenter has turned down their offer of a multimillion pound contract and announced the news of his decision to quit the CBS show in a statement during a taping on Thursday. His contract was due to end in August but he has since shared he will remain on the programme until next spring. READ MORE: Charlene White says partner's 'emotionally scarred' in family insight The comedian explained part of his decision was in a bid to explore other avenues and take on new adventures. Speaking on the show, he said while tearing up: "Seven and half years ago I started hosting this show and there's no other way to put it, it has changed my life. "I never saw it as my final destination, and I never want this show to overstay its welcome, I love making it and I really think in a year from now that will be a good time to move on and see what's out there." He added: "We are all determined to make this the best year we have ever had...we are going to go out with a bang.  "The fact that you watch this...all over the world...is an absolute privilege for me and every single person who makes this show." CBS president George Cheeks said in a statement: "We wish he could stay longer, but we are very proud he made CBS his American home and that this partnership will extend one more season on The Late Late Show." The decision comes after it was reported James and his family plan to move back to the UK. The star and his wife of 10 years are mulling over the idea, but they are still trying to "figure out" what's best for their family. DON'T MISS... Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband[LATEST]Game of Thrones’ Rose Leslie refuses to 'nanny' husband Kit Harington[ADMISSION]Amanda Holden, 51, gives an eyeful in tiny dress she flashes legs[PICTURES] A source close to the presenter told The Sun: "James and Jules have had barely any time to see their families in the UK over the past few years due to his work schedule. "Their plan is to try to spend more time in the UK once he finishes The Late Late Show next year." Express.co.uk has contacted James Corden's representatives for comment. James currently resides in Los Angeles, California with his wife Julia Carey and their three children, Max, 11, Carey, seven, and Charlotte, four, in a star-studded neighbourhood. He previously lived full-time in London and shared a flat with A-list actor Dominic Cooper who actually introduced him to his wife. James told Deadline it's been a difficult decision to quit CBS after enjoying such huge success. "It's been it's a really hard decision to leave because I'm so immensely proud of the show. I'm thrilled to be extending [for a year]. "I always thought I'd do it for five years and then leave and then I stayed on. I've really been thinking about it for a long time, thinking whether there might be one more adventure." When asked if he plans to move home, James said he and his wife "genuinely don't know the answer to that". "It's something we think about and we talk about a lot but we haven't really made a decision on that yet. That's the life side of things which we'll figure out," he added. "I love living here [in LA]. I love everything it's given. My family and I have never taken this incredible adventure for granted." He remarked: "Every day I drive down Sunset to work and I just think I'm from High Wycombe." 