Dr Michael Mosley has extended his Fast 800 diet to include keto. The principles are the same; eating around 800 calories a day for eight to twelve weeks, but keto-friendly foods are consumed instead. The weight loss expert joined Liz Earle, earlier this year, for a live conversation on social media, where he discussed his rule of “no-calorie” drinks, and whether keto and diet products and sugar-alternative are helpful when it comes to losing weight. Liz asked: “Is it just water or are we allowed anything a bit more interesting like black tea, black coffee?” “Yes, absolutely, anything without calories is the rule,” Dr Michael said. “Water can be interesting, have it in the fridge, have it cool. “Put in some cut up lemons, limes put in some cucumber. “Something that jazzes it up - have filtered water so you don’t get the chlorine hit. READ MORE: Mum lost 3.6 stone and tackles type 1 diabetes with simple fixes “But another rule is, you should be aiming to drink a large glass of water before every meal, with every meal, particularly when you are in ketosis because when you are in ketosis, you’re getting through a lot of fluid,” he added. “I describe the half kilo of sugar which is stored away in your muscle and liver, for every gram of sugar you lose, you lose 3g of water. “So you’re going to dehydrate. “If you’re not careful, you will get headaches and become constipated, so make sure you drink a large glass of water first thing in the morning, a large glass of water with breakfast, a large glass of water with lunch, a large glass of water in the evening,” the expert advised. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle puts relationship ‘front & centre’ of Invictus speech [EXPERT]Lawn care: ‘Easy’ and natural way to get rid of weeds [GUIDE]Coupon Queen's shares latest deals ‘2 pairs of shoes for £10’ [VIDEO] He then said those following the Fast 800 Keto diet should “be aiming for around seven wees a day”. Liz wondered: “And what about things like’ bulletproof coffee’, MCT, keto butter fats, are you a fan of those?” “No,” Dr Michael remarked. “But it’s not an area, to be honest, that I’m particularly investigated, I prefer keeping it normal and as healthy and evidence-based. “All I can say about those things is I haven’t seen any compelling evidence that they’re effective.” ‘Bulletproof coffee’ also known as butter coffee, is a high calorie coffee drink made with added fats and intended to replace a carb-heavy breakfast. MCT or medium-chain triglycerides are a “special kind of fat found in plant-based oils and milk products (especially coconut oil)”. These fats are said to boast properties not seen in other fats, especially related to ketone production. Liz continued: “What about artificial sweeteners and diet drinks that have no calories?” “It depends on what sort of artificial sugars are being used, I think Stevia is okay,” Dr Michael said. “On the Fast 800, we do have meal replacement shakes, some of which have Stevia in them. Frankly, meal replacement shakes can be invaluable at certain times; haven’t got time for breakfast, you can have one of those.” In terms of diet drinks, he added: “There’s no evidence as far as I’m aware, that drinking these drinks will stop you from putting on weight. “What happens is your body becomes conditioned to the idea of sweeteners, you’ve got cravings, so it’s better to steer clear.”