Fans have gone wild in the comments of Pauley Perrette’s new Twitter update, which has debuted her exciting new look. After portraying the NCIS team’s forensic scientist and resident goth Abby Sciuto for 15 years on CBS, Pauley is now retired and keeping her fans up-to-date on social media. Pauley was rocking a dyed yellow and red hairstyle and a colourful striped dress in her latest snaps. She posted the updates after attending a retirement party for leading LGBT figure Lorrie L Jean, who ran the Los Angeles LGBT Center for 30 years. The former NCIS star wrote: “I actually left my house. Crazy. I put a dress on! “The #LEGEND @LorriLJean who has led our amazing @LALGBTCenter FOR 30 YEARS retired.” READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts “She’s one of my philanthropist mentors. Proud to be at her honour ceremony and see my fellow philanthropy pals. I left my house. She’s worth it.” (sic) Her fans and followers went wild for her new look and posted their reactions in the comments. Pam Amster replied: “Your hair is inspirational. Very happy to hear you left the house. That is a healing adventure. God speed.” Emelisa Mudle said: “Wow, stunning. The dress, hair colour and beautiful green eyes.” @LadyAurelius exclaimed: “I adore your hair!!! You look so fab!!” Pauley posted some photos of herself with Lorrie and some famous friends, including actor Wilson Cruz and comedian Kathy Griffin. “Yes @wcruz73 IS that good looking,” she added. “YES so is my [friend] @joey_jsf.” The former NCIS star, 53, also gave her fans some tips on how she keeps her skin glowing, attributing it to her retirement and healthy eating. DON'T MISS:The Witcher season 3 theory: Ciri set for new romance [UPDATE]MAFS Australia’s Olivia on ‘grudges’ after Domenica row [COMMENT]Moon Knight fans emotional after Gaspard Ulliel title card [TRIBUTE] “YES my skin is amazing! Looks like a filter or something!! But it’s not,” Pauley continued. “#Vegetarian, quit smoking, 3 bananas, blueberries, apples everyday. “My skin glows, no filters NO PRODUCTS! But mostly I’M #RETIRED. Love y’all.” (sic) Fans were thrilled by Pauley’s latest update, which she occasionally posts on Twitter following her departure from NCIS in 2018. Brad Trageser replied: “You're one of a kind breathtaking. Hope your friend has a happy retirement.” “You ALWAYS look stunning in anything you wear. STAY Safe...ALWAYS Stay You. FOREVER IN LOVE WITH YOU GIRL.” “May I just say that retirement seems to suit you well,” Colin Watkins wrote. “You look awesome @PauleyP. Keep up the good work.” And Kimberly Tougas said: “So glad you made it out of the house! So beautiful and a constant inspiration!” Pauley was last seen on screens in the short-lived 2020 sitcom Broke, in which she featured in the main cast alongside Jaime Camil and Natasha Leggero. NCIS season 19 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA and is available to stream now on Disney+.