Will Smith, 53, has been seen reacting as his wife Jada Pinkett Smith, 50, attempted to film the star for her social media account. The actor can be seen in the video telling his wife not to “use” him. The video, which was originally filmed in 2019, has resurfaced online following the incident where Will slapped comedian Chris Rock for making a joke about Jada at the Oscars. The 49-second clip — which was initially filmed by Jada on her Instagram Live — has received thousands of views on Reddit. Jada initially filmed the clip to promote her chat show Red Table Talk. “You know [therapist] Esther Perel is coming to the table — she’s gonna be at the ‘Red Table,'" she says. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show She then turns the camera on her husband and asks: “Would you say she has been instrumental in you and I redefining our relationship?” Smith looks annoyed by the question and responds: “I would say don’t just start filming me without asking me.” Jada appears to brush off her husband’s request, telling viewers she is “still dealing with foolishness". She then continues to probe him, saying: “Would you say that she [Perel] helped us heal the hurts that we caused between one another?” The Bad Boys star then snapped back in frustration: “My social media presence is my bread and butter. “So you can’t just use me for social media. Don’t just start rolling; I’m standing in my house. Don’t start rolling.” One viewer took to the comments section on the Reddit page where the video has resurfaced, writing: “He [Smith] looks so uncomfortable.” Another chimed in: “He looks hella anxious like he knows Jada is going to provoke him and he’s afraid of how it will go down.” DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] It comes after the Oscar-winning actor stormed the stage at the 2022 Oscars to strike comedian Chris Rock after he made a joke at Jada’s expense. Referring to her alopecia, which causes hair loss, he joked: “I love you Jada. G.I Jane 2, can’t wait to see it.” Will has since resigned from The Academy and apologised to the event organisers and to Chris. Today, however, the Academy met to discuss whether or not to take even further action and strip the star of his Oscar. Jada has previously spoken up about her “entanglement” with rapper August Alsina, 29. She explained that she and Will were on a break when the encounter happened in 2015, and considered ending the marriage. On Red Table Talk last year, she hinted at unhappiness in her marriage at the time, stating: "I just wanted to feel good. “It had been so long since I felt good."