The Hollywood big timer’s most recent film was Cry Macho, which was released in September. In it, Eastwood plays a rodeo star and washed-up horse breeder called Mike Milo. But Eastwood didn’t just act in the drama, he directed and produced it. Most people wouldn’t dare work for that long, but for Eastwood, staying active is one of the key tenets of the “Eastwood Code”. The “Eastwood Code” was a term coined by the actor’s youngest son Scott during an interview with Men’s Health in 2017. Scott Eastwood described the actor’s strenuous but healthy lifestyle, which consists of exercise as well as a great diet. He said: "My dad is a machine about food and exercise. “He showed me how to lift when I was 14 or 15 — the bench press and other basics. He made it clear it was more important to do the moves correctly than to put on more plates." The specific food Eastwood eats was revealed in another more recent interview. It turns out the star prioritises balance.   He said he eats ninety percent “good” food and ten percent “cheat”, unhealthy, food. "Healthy, good proteins like salmon, chicken, followed by lots of veggies, broccoli, asparagus, and lots of greens,” are the star’s food of choice, he revealed. But the “Eastwood code” doesn’t go back many generations. Clinton’s father died at the age of 63 from a heart attack, which the actor told Closer “hit like a tonne of bricks”. Heart attacks are often caused by an unhealthy lifestyle, typically one high in fat and sugar.   Talking to Muscle and Fitness, he also advised: “Keep a scale in your bathroom. Get proper rest. Try to be optimistic. Eat fruits and raw vegetables. “Take vitamins. Skip beverages loaded with sugars. Avoid alcohol in excess.” Although a big part of what Eastwood does to stay fit and healthy is good food and exercise, he is also blessed with a low-fat body, he suggested. “I've never carried much body fat, but I've always been pretty good about watching my diet.”  But don’t take Eastwood’s word for it. His doctor has weighed in on the star’s optimal lifestyle. “He never eats fat, he takes his antioxidants faithfully, works out like a demon, and gets plenty of sleep, which is an area that is often neglected in a fitness program,” said Dr Harry Demopoulos. Antioxidants are foods that protect your body against cancer-causing free radicals.  Sleep is also vital for your body's health. Decades of studies have shown that it is vital for the healthy functioning of our bodies. It increases blood flow and repairs damage from UV exposure. For someone like Eastwood, who spent years filming in the scorching sun on the sets of his Western films–this is going to be vital. According to one study, skin also ages faster if you have poor sleep.  