The Duke and Duchess of Sussex walked on a yellow carpet before heading inside a giant marquee to meet competitors and their families. While inside the tent, Prince Harry was given a pair of "budgie smugglers" by Team Australia competitors. The athletes shared the moment on Twitter, saying: "Now that the Duke of Sussex is living in California, Team Australia thought it appropriate to continue the tradition of gifting stunning new budgie smugglers to the Duke." The gift is a nod to the Invictus Games 2018 when Team Australia had given the Prince a similar pair. The 2018 gift had "Team Aus Down Under" printed on the back. This year's pair had "I am Team Aus" emblazoned across them. The cheeky gift has garnered a wave of appreciation online. Twitter user @Endy4mi said: "Not another one!" User @RosexNoor added: "Love it, keeping up with tradition." The Invictus Games are an international Paralympic-style sporting event created by Prince Harry in 2014. More than 500 competitors - who are wounded, injured, or sick armed services personnel - will take part in a range of sports, including wheelchair basketball, sitting volleyball and indoor rowing. The aim of the Invictus Games, according to the Duke, is "to demonstrate the power of sports to inspire recovery, support rehabilitation and to demonstrate life beyond disability". It was revealed earlier this week that Meghan would be accompanying her husband to the Invictus Games, with their trip filmed by cameras for a Netflix documentary. At the reception, Harry can be seen sporting a dark navy suit with the top button of his white shirt undone. Meghan is wearing a £3,200 Valentino white suit, with white heels and a handbag. The couple are expected to make a number of appearances in The Hague throughout Friday evening before the games officially begin on Saturday. This trip marks the first time the Sussexes have visited Europe in two years. The couple's attendance at the games comes just one day after it was revealed they secretly visited the Queen and Prince Charles in Windsor. The visit surprised many royal watchers after the Sussexes did not return to the UK for Prince Philip's memorial on March 29. Members of the public were in the grounds of the royal estate for the traditional Maundy Thursday ceremony. One said: "I couldn’t believe it when I saw who it was."