The interior ministry of the Moldovan breakaway region reported that the antennas were out of operation after two separate blasts. The ministry said in a statement: "In the early morning of April 26, two explosions occurred in the village of Maiac, Grigoriopol district: the first at 6:40 and the second at 7:05."  This comes after the attack on the region's city of Tiraspol on Monday evening, around 6pm local time. The attack damaged the state security building of the self-proclaimed Transdniestria region, with smoke "billowing out" of broken windows. No injuries were reported. The Transdniestria security council introduced "a red level of terrorist threat in the country" following the explosions, the Russian state news agency reported.  Transdniestria is home to less than half a million people, wedged between Moldova and Ukraine. It has been controlled by separatist forces since a war in 1992, and Russia has around 1,500 soldiers stationed there. It is not recognised as separate from Moldova by the international community, and makes up around 12 percent of Moldovan land. Concerns have been growing that Transdniestria could be the site from which Russia launches another assault on Ukraine, after a senior Russian official alluded to the potential involvement of Transdniestria in the Ukraine war. READ MORE: Horror as Irishman kicked to death on Malaga beach  Ukrainian officials have also claimed an airbase in the region was being readied, with the potential to springboard attacks on Ukraine. The Moldovan Foreign Ministry expressed its "concern" about attacks "straining" security in the breakaway region. It said in a statement on Monday: “The aim of today’s incident is to create pretexts for straining the security situation in the Transnistrian region, which is not controlled by the constitutional authorities." The question of Transdniestria was raised in military plans published by the Kremlin in the so-called second phase of its invasion of Ukraine. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: 'Real risk of nuclear war' Kremlin horror warning [LIVE] Russia pundit outlines barbaric plot to humiliate Ukraine troops [REPORT] Death of cash warning as number of high street cash machines plummets [REVEAL] The Russian defence ministry made clear its intentions to control the south of Ukraine, with an "exit" to Transdniestria. Russian Major General Rustam Minnekaev commented on Friday that "there have been cases of oppression of the Russian-speaking population” - a similar justification pedalled by the Kremlin for the assault on Ukraine. The Moldovan government slammed the Major General's comments, responding the remarks were “unfounded and contradicting Russia’s position in support of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of our country within internationally recognised borders”. Defence analyst Professor Michael Clarke has drawn parallels between the Transdniestria region and the Russian-controlled Donbas, covering Luhansk and Donetsk.  He called Transdniestria "a mini Donbas of half a million breakaway Russians" which could threaten the stability of Moldova if Russia bolstered its presence there. He told Sky News: "It puts enormous pressure on Moldova. "It would raise the question of whether Moldova would actually collapse as a country and Russia would have invaded two countries instead of one." 