The Queen has been urged to apologise by Caribbean protesters seeking reparations after the Earl and Countess of Wessex received a mixed reception during their visit to Saint Lucia. Edward and Sophie originally received a warm welcome to the island during a walkabout in the town of Soufriere, but were soon met by a group of around 10 protesters before a trip to a cocoa plantation. The couple are still yet to hold a public walkabout on their Caribbean tour. Speaking to Sky News, Dr Shola said: "The British monarchy's popularity is at an all-time low and it no longer has any relevance. "From the Cambridges to the Wessexes it shows that the Royal Family isn't listening. "It is an insult to Afro-Caribbeans in those countries. "It is also a testament that the Queen as head of state of those nations failed. READ MORE: Queen’s right-hand woman part of ‘cruel’ bid to put Meghan in place  "She failed as head of state, she has no legacy to leave because the first question you have to ask is, what did the Queen ever do as political head of state for these Afro-Caribbean nations? "What did she ever do for her subjects, the Afro-Caribbean citizens? "What has she ever done for the British Afro-Caribbeans who were born and raised in this country?" She added: "When these countries are demanding reparations, what is the response we're getting from the Royal Family? "Nothing. No apology or reparations. America paid $1.6billion in reparations to the Japanese Americans." Anti-monarchy campaigners have labelled the Earl of Wessex's "disinterest" in reparations for Caribbean nations as "an insult to Britain as much as it is" to the islands themselves. Republic criticised Edward after he gave a nervous laugh following remarks from the Prime Minister of Antigua and Barbuda, who urged him and the Countess of Wessex to use their "diplomatic influence" to achieve "reparatory justice" for the country. The group's chief executive, Graham Smith, said the response from the earl was "arrogant and contemptible", accusing him of not being "interested in engaging sincerely with those they visit". DON'T MISS Royal 'precedent' which could see Andrew snubbed from Jubilee balcony [INSIGHT]Ingrid Seward hits out at 'unkind' York hurting Queen's Jubilee [VIDEO]Sussex fans 'enchanted' by Meghan and Harry [INTERVIEW] Edward joked that he had not been taking notes during Gaston Browne's opening remarks, so could not respond to all the points he had made. The prime minister did not laugh at the comment. Mr Browne also indicated to Edward and Sophie that the island one day wished to become a republic during Monday's visit. The earl nervously laughed after being asked to give words in response to Mr Browne's speech.