The Foreign Office announced on Friday new sanctions from the UK against the daughters of Putin and his Foreign Minister Sergeĭ Lavrov. Katerina Vladimirovna Tikhonova and Maria Vladimirovna Vorontsova, the daughters of Putin, and Yekaterina Sergeyevna Vinokurova, daughter of Lavrov, will be subject to travel bans and asset freezes. The sanctions from the UK against Katerina, Maria and Yekaterina were coordinated with the US. On March 25, the UK sanctioned Polina Kovaleva, Sergeĭ Lavrov’s step-daughter. Meanwhile, UK analysis shows more than £275 billion, or 60 percent of Russian foreign currency reserves, of Putin’s war chest has been frozen by co-ordinated UK and international sanctions in recent weeks. Estimates for Russia’s GDP growth in 2022 range from -8.5 percent to -15 percent following the tidal wave of sanctions. In a statement, Ms Truss, Foreign Secretary, said: “Our unprecedented package of sanctions is hitting the elite and their families, while degrading the Russian economy on a scale Russia hasn’t seen since the fall of the Soviet Union. “But we need to do more. Through the G7, we are working with partners to end the use of Russian energy and further hit Putin’s ability to fund his illegal and unjustified invasion of Ukraine. “Together, we are tightening the ratchet on Russia’s war machine, cutting off Putin’s sources of cash.” The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO) said the crackdowns on the trio targeted “lavish lifestyles”. It said: “The lavish lifestyles of the Kremlin’s inner circle will be further targeted from today as the UK sanctions the adult daughters of president Vladimir Putin and his foreign minister Sergei Lavrov. “Katerina Vladimirovna Tikhonova and Maria Vladimirovna Vorontsova, the daughters of President Putin, and Yekaterina Sergeyevna Vinokurova, daughter of foreign minister Sergei Lavrov, will be subject to travel bans and asset freezes.” Meanwhile the EU also sanctioned Katerina and Maria, banning the pair from travel and freezing their assets. Both Britain and the bloc’s sanctions come two days after the US sanctioned Putins daughters, whose mother is Mr Putin’s former wife Lyudmila Shkrebneva. A senior US official said on Wednesday: “We believe that many of Putin’s assets are hidden with family members, and that’s why we’re targeting them.” Washington also imposed financial restrictions on Lavrov’s family and on major Russian banks. Maria, 36 and the eldest of Putin’s daughters, works as a paediatric endocrinologist. She is thought to live in Moscow with her Dutch husband Jorrit Faassed. Katerina, 35, is an academic who runs Innopraktika, a £1.3 billion project to create a science centre at Moscow State University. She is also deputy director of the university’s Institute for Mathematical Research of Complex Systems.