Meghan appears to have been protected by bodyguard Christopher Sanchez over the Easter weekend as she attended the Invictus Games alongside Prince Harry. The former police officer was spotted towering near the Duchess of Sussex as she met some of the Games participants and fans who travelled to The Hague for the multi-sports event. According to his LinkedIn account, Mr Sanchez was a US Secret Service special agent between 1999 and 2013. During this period, Mr Sanchez spent a total of five years protecting US presidents, having worked for George W Bush first and then Barack Obama. He also conducted security advances for foreign heads of state and lead advances and security concern evaluations. The security expert has spent more than two decades protecting the rich and famous and is now the vice president of risk advisory firm TorchStone Global. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here The firm has provided expertise at ten NFL Super Bowls and the last four presidential elections in the States. It is not known who is paying for the security service provided by Mr Sanchez to the Sussexes or whether Mr Obama recommended him to them. Meghan and Harry's relationship with Barack and Michelle Obama is well known. The Duke of Sussex struck a bond with the Obamas through the Invictus Games, which the presidential couple attended on more than one occasion, and his royal work. READ MORE: Princess Charlene abates health fears after posting family portrait He first met them in 2013, when he carried out a series of engagements in the States and got to know more about the Warrior Games, which eventually inspired him to create Invictus. In 2016, Harry and the Queen famously took part in an amusing skit to promote that year's edition of the Games, during which the Duke and UK participants in the tournament were told by the Obamas to "bring it". In that same year, Harry also welcomed the presidential couple to Kensington Palace alongside Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William, as part of their visit to the UK. A year later, the Duke joined Mrs Obama during a visit to a school in Chicago and interviewed Barack when he guest-edited the Today programme on BBC Radio 4. On the other hand, Meghan is believed to have met Mrs Obama in 2018, when the former First Lady was travelling across Europe to promote her autobiography Believe. Claiming there had been a private meeting between the two, a source told the Evening Standard at the time: "They spoke at length about the importance of supporting and empowering women across all cultures and communities. "They also talked about shared experiences of pregnancy and raising children, plus shared causes including girls’ education." In 2019, Mrs Obama was interviewed by Meghan, who guest-edited the September issue of British Vogue. After revealing she had asked the former US First Lady to answer a few questions for the magazine's Q&A feature "over a casual lunch of chicken tacos and my ever-burgeoning bump", Meghan described Mrs Obama saying: "To my former First Lady, and now friend, Michelle – thank you." Meghan and Prince Harry travelled across the pond last week to attend the launch of the Games on Saturday. But, prior to reaching The Hague, they stopped at Windsor for meetings with Prince Charles and the Queen. Meghan had not been in Europe since March 2020, when she completed her last engagements as a full-time working member of the Firm. On the other hand, Prince Harry returned twice to the UK in 2021 - first to attend Prince Philip's funeral and in July to unveil the statue of Princess Diana he had commissioned alongside his brother William. Meghan and Harry's children are not believed to have travelled with the pair. And the Duchess has already returned to the States to rejoin Archie Harrison and Lilibet 'Lili' Diana, according to a report by royal author Omid Scobie.