They said the terms are "offensive" in a new 'Inclusive Language Guide' which lists words and phrases to be avoided by employees. It refers to the traditional greeting “ladies and gentlemen” as well as the word “guys” when used to describe a group of people. It states: “The language you use impacts others around you, if the words and phrases you use are offensive this may exclude certain groups of people based on assumptions; cause distress or embarrassment; reinforce derogatory labels or stereotypes and belittle certain groups of people.” The document tells staff that instead of using the phrase “the common man”, they should opt for “average person” instead. Likewise, “manpower” ought to be replaced with neutral-sounding alternatives such as “workforce” and “staffing”, while “man-made” should make way for “synthetic” or “artificial”. In place of the phrase “ladies and gentlemen”, staff are asked to choose from a list of alternatives including “one and all”, “colleagues” and “folks”. Employees are also advised to refer to a person's “socio-economic status” rather than their class.  Critics slammed the guide, which is available for all 766 Peers and around 650 staff. Historian Andrew Roberts said: “It's sad and somewhat pathetic that such ultra-wokery should have extended to the House of Lords, which ought to have remained above such ludicrous faddism. It is also hypocritical. Why isn't it renaming itself the House of Lords, Ladies and Self-identifying Transsexual Peers?” Jeremy Black, emeritus professor of history at the University of Exeter, said: “It is extraordinary that the House of Lords administration thinks that such measures demonstrate relevance. “There are many issues that would strike observers as more relevant, not least excessive expenses, running a club for used-up party hacks and failed politicians and the contempt for democratic processes and the public evidenced by all too many peers during the Brexit debates.” But Dame Margaret Drabble said some of the suggestions had merit, adding: “I think the phrase common man could easily cause offence except when used in inverted commas.” A House of Lords spokesperson said: “Parliament strives to be an inclusive workplace where people are valued for the skills and experience they bring. Part of this is providing guidance and information to staff and line managers on inclusivity on an advisory basis.” 