The BBC sitcom is one of the most beloved British comedies with Channel 5's We Love Dad’s Army celebrating the iconic catchphrase and stars of the show. In interview footage obtained by the programme, Private Pike star Ian Lavender spoke about the comic stunts he and his other co-stars took part in and the resulting consequences of these hilarious moments. The adventure comedy series often included comical stunts involving Ian, Lance Corporal Jones star Clive Dunn and Chief Warden Hodges actor Bill Pertwee. Speaking in 2020, Ian said: “Clive, Bill and I were often the subjects of this adventure comedy in that if somebody had to fall into a river or whatever it would be one of us three. “To the extent wardrobe just automatically packed wetsuits for us but it was always us because we were young.” The Channel 5 documentary reflected on one of the sitcom’s most memorable water stunts. Read more: Dad's Army star speaks out on first episode 'disappointment' In season five, episode one Private Godfrey (Arnold Ridley) and Private Walker (James Beck) are trapped when a bomb falls on the local plumbing station. Hodges and the rest of the group try to rescue them but they all end up becoming trapped. A pipe burst and the room fills up with water leaving Pike almost submerged while the rest of the platoon take shelter on a ledge. In the water, Pike star Lavender is joined by the Chief Warden who is floating about in a metal bath. The comical scene was filmed perhaps surprisingly in the studio. Set designer Paul Joel explained: “We had two sequences where the water was low down and later on it was higher up. “We did that by lowering the set into the water which was done by putting screens in front of the audience. “The set itself got applause from the audience I don’t think it had ever happened to me before or since." DON'T MISSDad’s Army: Arthur Lowe refused to take 'rubbish' script home [INSIGHT]Dad's Army star shares secret behind iconic scene 'Spat out blood' [INTERVIEW]Dad’s Army: Captain Mainwaring actor details initial reaction to show [VIDEO] Speaking about the scene, Ian continued: “Bill Pertwee and I, instead of standing in the water now had to kneel so the water was at our shoulders. “That’s when you realise your bodies are quote buoyant and somebody had to be in there holding Pertwee down in his water tank so he didn’t fall over.” Elsewhere in the programme, Dad’s Army star Caroline Dowdeswell who played the recurring character Janet King shared her thoughts on the initial reaction to the comedy. She recalled: "In the very first episode, I remember Bill Pertwee did the warm-up, and he was brilliant. "The audience was falling about laughing, he was a superb artist and I thought, ‘Oh lovely', you know, a lovely, lively audience, marvellous and we got cracking and it was dead silence. “When I wasn't in a scene, and sort of peeping behind, nobody was laughing and it was such a disappointment and we thought we'd flopped. “Everyone was very subdued going up to the bar afterwards. Underwhelming I think, we felt underwhelmed.” We Love Dad's Army is available to watch on My5.