Environmental protestors from the group have joined forces with Just Stop Oil to wreak havoc for the fourth day in a row. On Monday morning, a group of 30 activists blockaded an oil terminal in London with two bamboo structures. Demonstrators have been congregating outside the Esso West London Oil Terminal near Heathrow Airport from the early hours of the morning. The demonstration marks the latest in a series of stunts by the group who are urging the Government to “stop all new fossil fuel investments immediately”. The activists arrived at the scene at 4am and brought with them two large banners. One reads “Stop Fossil Fuels Now” while the other says “Join Us: London 9th April” referring to planned protests starting at London's Hyde Park on Saturday. Over the last three days, protestors have blocked access to oil terminals across London, Birmingham, Southampton and also Grays in Essex and Tamworth in Staffordshire. Due to the demonstrations, more than 200 people have been arrested. Their protests come amid surging fuel costs as petrol prices hit record levels in recent weeks. Brent crude oil hit a high of $128 last month - up from lows of $19 seen at the peak of the pandemic. Warwickshire Police said officers had so far made 54 arrests for offences including criminal damage, obstructing the highway and public order in relation to a protest at Kingsbury Oil Terminal near Tamworth. READ MORE: Activists claim victory with ‘petrol shortage in south-east’ While in Essex, officers arrested 155 people following protests in the Thurrock district around Grays and Purfleet. The force said 63 arrests were made on Friday, 57 on Saturday and a further 35 yesterday, for a variety of offences. A further 14 activists were arrested by the Metropolitan Police after breaking into the Esso West London Oil Terminal. West Midlands Police also arrested six people at the Esso Birmingham Fuel Terminal in the Tyburn area of the city. Protests have also taken place at Hythe Terminal and at BP in Hamble Lane and Copse Lane near Southampton, leading Hampshire Police to make four arrests. Two people were arrested on suspicion of aggravated trespass while two others were held on suspicion of aggravated trespass and failing to comply with conditions. DON'T MISS Red diesel restrictions attacked as drivers call for 'radical rethink' [REVEAL] Protesters dig TUNNELS to storm oil terminals blocking 100 tankers in [INSIGHT] Germany to cut legs from under Russia with tough new sanctions [REPORT] As part of their demonstrations, protestors have glued themselves to roads, been suspended from bamboo tripods and locked onto oil drums and each other. Activists from Just Stop Oil and Extinction Rebellion want the Government to stop new oil and gas projects. While activists protest at the site near Heathrow, XR spokesman Andrew Smith accused the government of “exploiting public fear” and “sidelining climate policy”. He said in a statement: “We're here to say that climate action cannot wait. Right now, governments are choosing to exploit the crisis in Ukraine to hand out oil licences and continue the fossil fuel economy that's destroying us. “They are exploiting public fear and disorientation at a time of crisis when people's bills are going up to advance corporate-friendly policies incapable of attracting democratic support. “The reality is, the UK public wants faster action on climate as the energy crisis hits. “We know what is happening and what needs to be done – by acting in favour of corporate interest over the will of the people, the government is showing contempt for the people who elected them. “How long ago did our Prime Minister say COP26 was our last chance to save humanity? And now they're sidelining climate policy once again. This is not living in reality.”