The veteran broadcaster said there was "very little mileage for the French President in bigging up the EU". Mr Neil added France is a "far more eurosceptic country" than many people realise. The former BBC presenter's comments come as centrist Mr Macron is facing far-right candidate Marine Le Pen in the second round of the French presidential election. Mr Neil said: "It is Mr Macron's to lose. I would still have him as favourite. "But the way he's campaigning could well have the hallmarks of defeat. "He has tried now to position this as a Frexit issue. France's version of Brexit. "And I don't think that matters too much with the French people. "I don't think it cuts through, particularly with the kind of voters he needs to attract. "France does not have a majority for leaving the EU but it is a far more eurosceptic country than the Brits realise." Speaking on Spectator TV, Mr Neil added: "I mean let's not forget that in 2005 the French voted against the EU constitution by 55 to 45 in a referendum. READ MORE: French election: Le Pen may be on verge of shock win  "When the Maastricht Treaty, that pivotal treaty of modern Europe, was put to the French people in 1992 I was there for the referendum and for the results coming in the day after. "It approved Maastricht by only 51 percent. It was incredibly close. "So I think there's very little mileage for Mr Macron in bigging up the EU." Mr Neil's comments come after the French President earlier this week accused Ms Le Pen of having a secret plan for France to leave the European Union. DON'T MISSMacron should prepare for a brutal shock after latest polls [COMMENT]France election: What could a Marine Le Pen presidency look like? [ANALYSIS]'Arrogant' Emmanuel Macron heading for turmoil [INSIGHT] Mr Macron said: "This election is a referendum on Europe. “Marine Le Pen is talking rubbish when she says would not pay [the EU’s] bills and that she will change the rules on her own. “[Le Pen] wants to leave but she does not dare say so." Ms Le Pen previously said she wanted France to follow Britain out of the EU. But she has softened her stance and now insists she wants to reform the bloc from within. A poll on Saturday by Vote-Ipsos-Sopra Steria suggests Mr Macron is on course to win the election with 55.5 percent when France takes to the polls for the run-off on April 24.