To many fans, Elvis Presley represents The American Dream. The singer shot to fame and fortune from humble roots, but never forgot them. The King may have travelled to Hollywood regularly to make his movies, but he kept his home in Memphis, Tennessee where he moved his extended family into the Graceland mansion. His private life was shared with an inner circle known as the Memphis Mafia, who occasionally share memories of what the icon was really like in person. Sure, Elvis could have his bad days just like anyone else. Although, his eccentric outbursts could see him fire a bullet into a TV or toilet. However, for the most part, The King was an affable fellow to be around, according to his close family members. Danny Smith, the son of the star’s cousin Billy, was asked about this during a new video on his Memphis Mafia Kid YouTube channel. He said: “Elvis’ normal mood was usually very, very, very good. He was fun-loving as you know. He loved to do a lot of things. Was usually in a super good mood. We look at Elvis as Elvis Presley but he was also a person. He had his [bad] days, but for the most part Elvis was just wonderful to be around.” In another video, Danny said of living with Elvis: “There’s so many words. Great. Fantastic. Wonderful loving. There wasn’t a day that went by that wasn’t some type of excitement. Just the everyday life at Graceland…it was great. We had the whole run of the place…we did all kinds of crazy things.” Agreeing it was kind of like a fairy tale, he continued: “It has put memories in me that I’ll love and cherish for the rest of my life. Never regret not one second of it. Sometimes there’s a lot of words that you can use and sometimes it’s just… you’re kind of speechless. It was a life that I couldn’t imagine living without.” One of Danny’s favourite memories of Elvis was a 1-on-1 encounter they shared at the Palm Springs house. He said: “I know that when we were out at [the] Palm Springs [house], it was probably three or four o’clock in the morning…I was hungry. Mom and Daddy were all asleep. I thought, ‘Well, y’know what? I’m going to get up and make my way to the kitchen and get me something to eat.’ When you come out of your bedroom, there’s a short hall and then it cut back and you had to go across the living room to get to the kitchen. I’m bobbing along, like I said, about halfway, half asleep. I’m bobbing and I’m going across the living room – and I freeze!” DON'T MISSElvis death: Last movie King saw was a Roger Moore James Bond [ELVIS LAST MOVIE]Elvis girlfriends bombshell dropped by cousin 'No changing the truth' [ELVIS RELATIONSHIPS]Elvis family share concerns over movie: ‘It’s another point of view’ [ELVIS MOVIE] Danny continued: “Out of the corner of my eye is you know who. It’s Elvis! He’s sitting on the couch and I’m like, ‘Oh s***! What do I do?’ So I started on to the kitchen and he said, ‘Come here’. He kind of patted on the couch and says, ‘Sit down a minute.’ He was eating pizza and said, ‘You want a piece of pizza?’ I’m like, ‘Sure!’” The King asked the boy: “Are you having a good time out here? I’m really glad that you came so that Lisa would have somebody and I want y’all to have a good time.’” After chatting a bit longer and watching The Flintstones together, Elvis headed to bed so Danny was only to happy to finish off the pizza himself.