Officials behind the breakaway golf super league plan to announce the "marquee names" it has secured to join its inaugural series later this year, according to reports. Outspoken six-time major winner Phil Mickelson has already made his support public, while he is set to be joined by several other stars who have been convinced by Saudi cash. Known officially as the LIV Golf Invitational Series, the series threatens to cause a civil war within the sport as it tries to prise some of its top names away from the PGA and DP World Tours. Many players including the likes of Rory McIlroy and Bryson DeChambeau have ruled out such a move, but it seems some others have been tempted. The series tees off with a 48-man event in London later this year, which will have the highest prize pot of any golf tournament ever held in Europe. LIV Golf "hope to announce some of the players in the coming weeks," with the likes of Bubba Watson, Lee Westwood, Kevin Na and Ryder Cup hero Ian Poulter believed to be likely participants. It seems some big names have been tempted to join despite threats from the PGA Tour that anyone who joins the new series will be banned from traditional events. Greg Norman, LIV Golf's chief executive and the public face of the circuit, is confident that enough top stars have been secured for the first year. JUST IN: Scheffler sends emotional 'thank you' message to Woods after Masters "We've respected the Masters and let it go off, but now our journey is finally coming to fruition – for the players not for me," he told the Telegraph. "Their rightful place to have what they want. That's why they are still very, very, very interested. We have players signed, contrary to the white noise you're hearing out there." He went on to brag about the profile of some of the players he claims to have joined the new series. "The interest level we've had… well, I had a player who's won a couple of major championships sitting in my very office here 48 hours ago," he said. Norman is bullish about making the new series a success. The Saudis are reportedly willing to lose more than £1bn in the first three years if necessary, and the 67-year-old believes that the massive cash prizes on offer to players are "a carrot too hard to resist". DON'T MISS:Barty responds to golf rumours as she announces first post-tennis planTiger Woods sends Scottie Scheffler classy message after Masters winTiger Woods commits to Open Championship at 'favourite golf course' And Norman has already spoken calmly about the prospect of most top players being too hesitant to join straight away. He suggested that most will join in eventually, in the belief that they will be able to beat lower-ranked players if they are the ones who are initially successful on the new circuit. "Quite honestly, it doesn't matter who plays, we're going to put the event on," he added. "There's a $4m first prize. I hope a kid who's 350th in the world wins. It'll change his life, his family's life. "And then a few of our events will go by and the top players will see someone winning $6m, $8m, and say 'enough is enough, I know I can beat these guys week in week out with my hands tied behind my back'." The interest level we’ve had… well, I had a player who's won a couple of major championships sitting in my very office here 48 hours ago.” 