Mrs Hinch fans often share advice on social media pages with one another. Posing on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Alyson Gnessen wrote: “Does anyone have any good remedies to stop spiders coming in please? They’re annoying.” Spiders are entering homes earlier this year due to the mild winter the UK experienced. Spiders often enter homes during September and October in search of a mate and somewhere to nest. However, many have noticed them entering their properties much earlier. Taking to the comments, Mrs Hinch fans recommended using essential oils to keep them out. Nicola McKinnon wrote: “I wash my floors and then I go over with a mixture of water and peppermint oil, so easy.” READ MORE: Worst spider season as they lay eggs in homes - top tips to prevent Lorna Stanfield said: “Peppermint oil with a drop of water in a spray bottle. Squirt round vents on windows, walls, near your front and back doors. Not many get in my house.” Amber Milsom commented: “Peppermint oil with water and sprayed around everywhere.” Peppermint oil can be purchased from retailers such as Holland & Barrett or Amazon for as little as £1. Mrs Hinch fans said the bottle lasted over a year and so is “well worth the money”. DON'T MISS:Quiet Welsh town where properties sell for less than £250,000 named [COMMENT]UK house prices hit new record in ‘spring frenzy’ [EXPLAINER]‘Indestructible’ garden plants which will ‘thrive’ on their own [INSIGHT] Leanne Clough said: “Peppermint oil all the way. Worked for me, it repels them.” Elle Bayton wrote: “Dilute some peppermint oil and spray it round all doors, windows, any cracks or gaps they could get through. “Works a treat, I do it every year.” One group member recommended cleaning the home first to ensure there are no spiders before putting peppermint oil down. Sophie Dumas said: “You may find that spiders are already in the house and using these remedies around actually prevents them from leaving on their own accord. “Best thing is to keep the house clean, remove webs, vacuum regularly and when you come across one, just gently move it outside.” Spiders are mainly attracted to the insects in the home, which is their primary food source. However, they are also attracted to sweet smells like lemon juice. Speaking on yesterday’s This Morning, Lynsey Crombie, also known as Queen of Clean, recommended using a closed bin to make sure the spiders can’t get to any sweet juices. She said: “If you squeeze a lemon and leave the lemon juice on the counter, they’re going to be attracted to that. But what they don’t like is the wax on your citrus fruits. “If you have some lemon peel or orange peel left on the side, you can even put it into your bin, that’s going to stop them as well.” Lynsey also recommended buying turmeric sticks too, available to purchase in supermarkets. She said these work for “all insects”. The cleaning expert added: “You can just have a few scattered in your plant pots, a few scattered around the outside of your home, but it’s a very strong smell and again it’s natural and not going to harm them.”