Piers Morgan: Uncensored continued on Thursday, the concluding episode of his first week on TalkTV. In this episode, the 57-year-old talked about the legal battle between actors Johnny Depp and Amber Heard as he talked to American journalist Megyn Kelly about the footage emerging from the courtroom. He admitted: "It makes me puke" as he ranted about the pair's "selfishness" and "self-obsessed" nature. "I don't know about you, Megyn," he remarked, "I'm just seeing two actors, clearly damaged, clearly hate each other, clearly were involved in extensive mutual abuse of all different varieties "And I just - it makes me puke, to be honest with you, the whole thing. The selfishness, the self-obsessiveness of it all." "It's a lesson for everybody sitting at home," Megyn replied. "If you think these Hollywood celebrities have a better life than you do just because they have a lot of money and they have beautiful homes, think again. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy "Because there's an emptiness inside that cannot be filled by fame or unlimited spending, and these two are a perfect example of that." She added: "But I do think that this case is important, and I'm not watching the trial every day but I've been following it closely enough Piers, and I think he wasn't wrong to file the lawsuit. "And here's why - she came out of that Washington Post interview and said 'I'm a victim of domestic abuse' and 'I suffered all the consequences of that.' "We all knew it was about Johnny Depp and he said he was defamed and he said he lost his Pirates of the Caribbean deal and what this trial has shown us is she gave as good as she got. "There's been very little evidence of him harming her and there's been a tonne of evidence of her harming him." Piers responded: "I think in the end, it doesn't really matter to me. "She won the first case, he might win this one, I don't think either of them win, I think it's so awful and most people look at it and go 'you're both as bad as each other'." "No, he's not going to win his legal case," Megyn stated. "He's not going win a defamation case against her. DON'T MISS... Bradley Walsh in stitches as he makes name blunder on The Chase [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Harvey Monroe leaves Square after devastating news [THEORY]'Prince Harry should lose titles like Andrew' claims royal author [VIDEO] "But the matter has shown the world she hit him regularly, she hurt him regularly, and the evidence of him doing it to her is very little so far, so we'll see how this plays out. "But I think as a PR matter, he's made his point, abuse can go both ways, and so it's important to know exactly what she did." "I agree, she's no angel whatsoever," Piers commented before moving on to discuss actor Alec Baldwin. The instalment is Piers' last of his first week on TalkTV, his highly anticipated television comeback after a one-year hiatus. More than 400,000 viewers turned in to watch his first episode which was aired on Monday after months of promotion. However, viewing numbers halved the following day and they have dropped significantly once again, according to the latest ratings. Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs Mondays to Thursdays on TalkTV at 8pm.