Twitter's decision to sell the company to Tesla owner Elon Musk has divided the site’s users, with some people considering leaving the site following the announcement. The new owner has promised to defend “free speech” on the social media platform, with the prospect of banned users, such as Donald Trump, likely to return to the site. Whether you’re taking a stand against right-wing figures, or are a critic of Mr Musk, this is how to delete your Twitter account for good.     Elon Musk has faced wide-scale criticism for his “free speech” agenda which could see several banned right-wing users return to Twitter. The announcement of Mr Musk’s new venture as the owner of the social platform has left users unsure of their future on the site, with some people eager to delete their presence entirely, and leave the popular network for good. Taking to Twitter to speak out on the matter, Elon Musk (@elonmusk) said: “I hope that even my worst critics remain on Twitter, because that is what free speech means”. READ MORE: How did Elon Musk become the richest man in the world?  In response to the billionaire entrepreneur, hundreds of users shared their thoughts on the site’s new ownership. Twitter user @MatthewStadlen said: "One man should not be the arbiter of what free speech does or doesn’t mean.” User @Liedepiet added: "I will leave Twitter tomorrow.” Also, tweeter @Jennife61812688 said: "...the minute the deal goes through I am gone.” In a separate thread that asked users if they would continue to use the platform under Elon Musk's ownership, many people made a stand to say they would leave. Twitter user @bmaninparadise said: "I'm out." User @Marti_444 added: "I will wait to see what happens. If Trump is re-instated or it turns into a 'cryptocurrency central', I'm out." While removing yourself from Twitter can be done by simply deleting the app, deactivating your account is not as easy as you think. Removing an existing account from the social media platform means that the user handle and profile is no longer visible on Twitter, though there is a reactivation period that will keep your account on the site if a log-in is made during this time. Once the reactivation period is over, the account is closed for good, while the existing handle name is then made available to other new users. DON'T MISS:Jameela Jamil quits Twitter after Elon Musk buys site for $44 billion [LATEST]Below Deck Sailing Yacht fans ‘saddened’ after Gabby exit's after spat [REVEAL]'Not going on!’ Donald Trump rejects chance to rejoin Twitter despite [INSIGHT To delete your Twitter account on iPhone, you should start by opening the app, or heading over to Twitter.com. The next step is to tap your profile picture to open up your personal page. In order to begin the deactivation process, you should tap ‘settings and privacy’ before selecting ‘your account’. Choose ‘deactivate your account’ - this will then take you onto the reactivation selection where you can select a reactivation period of 30 days or 12 months. You should take time to read the disclaimer before clicking the ‘deactivate’ button. For the final step, you will need to enter your account password and follow the final prompts to delete the account.