Victoria Adams is a facial yoga practitioner and health coach, who teaches women how to take years off their face and feel better for it. She spoke to Express.co.uk about how women can look younger with easy hacks that everyone can try, including facial massage, and the products she swears by for anti-ageing. Facial exercise has become much more common in recent years, but why? Victoria told Express.co.uk: "I think with everyone looking at the face on Zoom and scrutinising every wrinkle, every crease and every spot, it's just exploded. She started off by explaining the ideal morning routine for a youthful glow: "We've been sleeping horizontally, usually, and that can interfere with the way in which our skin is able to detoxify and purge a lot of the toxins that are hanging around." According to the expert, this is why we often wake up with a puffy face. READ MORE: 'Eyebrows are so important': Beauty presenter's tips to look young To tackle this, Victoria suggested that "one of the best things you can do in the morning is facial massage". "There's loads of different materials available, including stainless steel, which is actually antibacterial - so that's probably going to be the most hygienic for your face, especially if you're not very good with the upkeep of cleaning these tools." Failing this, fingers work just as well, so women can also de-puff and rejuvenate their faces for free. This facial - or "contour" - massage, works to promote circulation. "Now the blood does have a pump, the heart, and it pumps the blood, all the good ingredients and the good nutrients the blood has to transport to all of the body's cells, but it is a little bit impeded. "So by massaging the face, you're really going to boost circulation to the skin cells and get the skin cells what they really need." Not only this, contour massage can give women an inexpensive "Kardashian" contour, defining the jawline and chiselling the cheekbones. Victoria's next tip for waking up and looking younger instantly is to prioritise hydration. "So how do we rehydrate? One way is drinking lots of water and you can maximise that by putting freshly squeezed lemon into it, as it becomes more alkaline and is easier to absorb.  "The second thing is moisturising; by adding something topically to our skin, we're actually protecting and strengthening the skin barrier." The effects of using a simple moisturiser are astonishing, according to Victoria, as a strong skin barrier can "protect you from the great outdoors - whether it's it's sun damage, extreme heat or extreme cold". But Victoria was keen to dispel one morning skincare routine myth regarding one key product in the skincare bible. "Retinol is great, it helps with cell turnover and cell renewal, but you should never apply retinol in the mornings - it's an evening application treatment. "The reason for this is that it makes your skin more sensitive to sun damage."  Next, Victoria urged women not to go overboard with their skincare regime, believing that we don't give our bodies enough credit for what they are capable of doing on their own. "Empower the skin to do what it knows best. The body knows how to heal." She mused: "So what modern techniques can we use to help rather than get in the way of our body's own nature and intuition to keep itself looking and feeling young? "I recommend tranexamic acid and niacinimide." One brand the expert likes to use in the morning is The Ordinary because they "simplify everything rather than make it all singing, all dancing".