The Mayo Clinic says that if your blood sugar level is too high, you may experience several symptoms around your mouth. Indeed, you may find that you have a fruity breath odour or a very dry mouth. Diabetes.co.uk also notes halitosis, better known as bad breath, is sometimes associated with diabetes.  It states: “If you notice you have bad breath, it could be a side effect of your regular medications. “Some people report having bad breath as a result of taking metformin. If you take metformin and think it is causing you to have bad breath, contact your diabetes healthcare team for advice on alternative medications which may be available.” The organisation says: “In people with diabetes, high blood sugar levels increase glucose levels in saliva.” The charity adds: “This provides food for bacteria in the mouth and leads to the build-up of dental plaque.” READ MORE: Pfizer fourth booster vaccine: Three side effects to expect from fourth dose - new trial  If plaque is not removed effectively tooth decay and gum disease may occur which also causes halitosis.” The charity notes: “Diabetes can cause ketoacidosis, which is where the body burns fat instead of glucose if there is too little insulin in the blood, or if insulin resistance is too high Ketones then form as a waste product which cause an unusual smell on the breath sometimes compared to pear drops.” The NHS explains it is important to have regular check-ups with your dentist. "Don't put off going for a check-up,” it suggests. You can go to your GP if you think bad breath is related to diabetes. If you think you may have diabetes the NHS says that you should visit your GP as soon as possible if you experience the main symptoms of diabetes.  These include feeling very thirsty, peeing more frequently than usual, particularly at night, feeling very tired, weight loss and loss of muscle bulk. itching around the penis or vagina, or frequent episodes of thrush, cuts or wounds that heal slowly, or blurred vision. "Detecting problems early can mean they're easier to treat. If problems aren't treated, they may lead to damage that's harder, or even impossible, to repair," the health body says. It advises that even if you brush and floss routinely “it's still best to visit your dentist at regular intervals”. The NHS says that many more people have blood sugar levels above the normal range, but not high enough to be diagnosed as having diabetes.  The health body continues: “This is sometimes known as pre-diabetes. If your blood sugar level is above the normal range, your risk of developing full-blown diabetes is increased. “It's very important for diabetes to be diagnosed as early as possible because it will get progressively worse if left untreated." NHS Inform adds: “It's very important for diabetes to be diagnosed as soon as possible as it will get progressively worse if left untreated.” The health body explains type 2 diabetes occurs when the body doesn't produce enough insulin to function properly, or the body's cells don't react to insulin. This means glucose stays in the blood and isn't used as fuel for energy.  It states: “Type 2 diabetes is often associated with obesity and tends to be diagnosed in older people. “Due to increased obesity, type 2 diabetes is now being seen in young people and all ages. It's far more common than type 1 diabetes.” Hyperglycemia causes the main symptoms of diabetes, such as extreme thirst and frequent urination. The NHS says hyperglycaemia can occur for several reasons, including eating too much, being unwell, ineffective diabetes medication and not taking enough medication. 