Loose Women panellist Stacey Solomon could scarcely contain her excitement after her baby daughter managed to say her first ever word, revealing that it was "Mumma". The Tap to Tidy star, 33, shared the news with over five million followers on Instagram this evening, revealing that hearing little Rose achieve the milestone was "the best feeling in the world". "Clever girl!" Stacey gushed as Rose gurgled away in a black and white home video she'd made to document her progress. "The best feeling in the world. Rose has said her first word. And it’s Mumma," she wrote. Embellishing her post with crying emojis, she revealed: "My heart is so full. "Coming home to this was just the best." READ NOW: Naga Munchetty admits struggle as tells BBC colleague ‘ask for help’  She added: "All of the boys said Dadda first no matter how many times I secretly whispered mumma in their ears hoping they would learn it first. "Happy Thursday everyone. I hope this makes you smile as much as it has me tonight," she wrote on her post, before signing off: "Well done Rosey Posey, Mumma loves you so much!" The short video clip features delighted Stacey smothering her baby's head in kisses while grinning broadly. Stacey already shares one son with ex-Eastenders actor Joe Swash, called Rex, while she has two other sons, Leighton and Zachary, from previous relationships.   Rose is her only daughter and, as she recently revealed on Instagram, the last child she intends on having. The emotional post received more than 366,000 views in just 45 minutes, while fans took to the post to share in her pleasure. "Oh my! So, so magical what a gorgeous post," marvelled fellow Instagrammer @dollyjj. @terriemcevoy added: "You look like you’re about to eat her- so b****y cute!!!!!!" DON'T MISS: Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband [INSIGHT] Ruth Langsford's husband Eamonn issues plea to 'unsung hero' at ITV [LATEST] Dan Walker’s awkward reply to Sally Nugent after BBC exit news [UPDATE]  @squashedpickle chimed in: "This is the cutest and you captured it! Sweet Rose @staceysolomon … it’s usually dada! sorry @realjoeswashy Learning that Rose's first word was "Mumma" has added to Stacey's recent joy after learning that she has been nominated for a BAFTA Award. She will find out on May 8th whether or not she has won the title. Meanwhile devoted husband Joe recently told the world that he has abandoned the nightclub lifestyle in order to fully commit to his family. "When I first got on EastEnders I was like the ginger kid who could suddenly get into nightclubs, and I was free and easy, and I really enjoyed that period of time," he revealed in The Sun, "[but] then you grow up..." Joe is now almost twice as old now as he was when he began his Eastenders role as Mickey Miller, aged just 21 - and he says he has matured significantly. "When I look back it feels like a different person," he explained. "I could never imagine going out and getting drunk [now]!"