On Wednesday, Britain’s biggest supermarket chain Tesco announced that the profits of its core retail business could drop by as much as £250 million this year hit by the increases in labour, energy and distribution costs. At the same time, falling household incomes are causing shoppers to look for cheaper products, a situation that Richard Walker, managing director of Iceland, describes vividly.  He said: “A perfect maelstrom . . . We can see our average selling price creeping up and we’re noticing customers buying less. “It’s a constant high-wire act, but I doubt we will make much money this year.” Costs are increasing everywhere including raw ingredients, fertiliser and animal feed to energy wages and taxes. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has further heightened volatility in global markets already damaged by the coronavirus pandemic and has sent commodities prices surging.  Inflation as measured by the retail price index is at a 30 year high at 7 percent the highest it’s been since March 1992. As a result, retailers have across the board put up their prices in order to attempt to maintain their profitability. Clive Black, an analyst at Shore Capital, told the Times that grocery inflation could hit 10 percent by the end of the year. However, because disposable income is falling, there is a limit to how far supermarkets can carry on increasing prices. READ MORE:Eco protesters cause Easter chaos: Dawn raids on Essex and Birmingham  He said: “The squeeze on household income only really started in the last ten days. “We saw prices before that creep up on petrol forecourts, but last week was a threshold moment. All the bills went up.” As a result, demand for cheaper own-label products is increasing and, according to Kantar, now accounts for 50.6 percent of all grocery sales. Fraser McKevitt, head of retail and consumer insight at Kantar said that customers now expected cheap but also high quality products. DON'T MISS:  Shopper's fury amid claims Easter dropped from chocolate eggs [REVEAL] Titanic discovery: 'Ghostly shapes' of 'people freezing to death' [INSIGHT] M6 traffic chaos: Lanes CLOSED after HGV driver cheats death in crash [SPOTLIGHT]   He said: “Own-label used to be cheap, look cheap and wasn’t always of very good quality. These days we have expectations that it will be cheap but that it will also be a pretty good product. “It’s about understanding what the consumer wants.” 