Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo has posted a heartbreaking statement confirming that his baby son has passed away after his partner Georgina Rodriguez gave birth to a twin girl. Ronaldo shared the news on social media in a post jointly signed by him and his partner. "It is with the deepest sadness that we have to announce that our baby boy has passed away," Ronaldo's statement read. "It's the greatest pain any parents can feel. "Only the birth of our baby girl gives us the strength to live this moment with some hope and happiness. We would like to thank the doctors and nurses for all the care and support. "We are all devastated at this loss and we kindly ask for privacy at this very difficult time. Our boy, you are our angel. We will always love you." MUST READ: How did Georgina Rodriguez and Cristiano Ronaldo meet?  Gary Lineker was one of many to pay his respects to the couple on social media. He tweeted: "Terribly sad news. Sincere condolences to you and your family." Many of Ronaldo's team-mates showed their support for him on Instagram and Twitter, posting heart emojis in response to the statement. Manchester United said: "Your pain is our pain. Sending love and strength to you and the family at this time, @Cristiano." Rodriguez and Ronaldo reportedly met at a Gucci store in Madrid, where she was working as a shop assistant. They were snapped by paparazzi together in late 2016 and have been in a relationship ever since. The pair had their first child together in 2017 with Rodriguez giving birth to Alana Martina. DON'T MISS  Back in October last year, Ronaldo shared on his Instagram that the couple would be expecting twins. And speaking in the 'I Am Georgina' Netflix documentary released earlier this year, Ronaldo opened up on his private relationship. “I never imagined I would fall so heavily in love with her,” Ronaldo said. “But after a while, I felt that she was the one for me.” Ronaldo became father to twins Eva and Mateo in June 2017 via surrogacy with Cristiano Jr the eldest of his children. The 11-year-old is currently on the books at Manchester United's academy playing with the Under-12s. He was part of the youth side to compete in The Mediterranean Internet Cup and scored twice last week, replicating his dad's iconic 'Siuuu' celebration on both occasions. 