Graeme Souness has suggested Harry Kane should demand that Antonio Conte is handed the funds to improve his Tottenham squad this summer before deciding on his own future. Spurs could miss out on a top-four finish this season and there are doubts over the tactician’s long-term future. Conte was promised funds to strengthen his squad in January but missed out on targets such as Luis Diaz, who joined Liverpool for £49m. Instead, sporting director Fabio Paratici sealed a double signing on deadline day, with Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur arriving from Juventus. But the 52-year-old has made clear that the squad requires significant improvements over the summer if they are to bridge the gap, having called his squad “mid-table” after a run of three consecutive defeats in January. Kane looked certain to leave the north London club last summer after interest from Manchester City, with Pep Guardiola publicly confirming their intention to sign the striker in a £120m deal. But Spurs closed the door, convincing Kane he could achieve his ultimate goal of winning trophies with the club. READ MORE: Kane tipped to get better as Hart lifts lid on 'lunatic' striker The 28-year-old has praised the impact of Conte after bagging 22 goals in all competitions this season and keeping the Italian coach is seen as crucial to retaining Kane’s services for the foreseeable future. But Souness thinks the Spurs talisman must seek assurances that chairman Daniel Levy will provide Conte with funds to spend this summer/ "If I’m Harry, I’ll be saying to the manager ‘have you got money to spend? You will make this current group better’,” he said on Sky Sports. “The manager isn’t going to hang around here if he hasn’t got the money to spend. The manager wants to be winning trophies, league titles, Champions League, not settling for fifth or sixth. "We don’t know what Harry and the club have agreed. Harry will be facing a dilemma at the end of the season. Tottenham are working under a good coach and will improve, if they get the right backing they’ll be a real strength going forward." DON'T MISSMan Utd may have key advantage in Kane fight with priority clearDybala warned over £8.4m wage demands with Arsenal and Tottenham keenTottenham's Doherty shares how Mourinho almost made him quit club Kane still has over two years left to run on his £200,000-a-week deal at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium and there have been hints that the striker is ready to commit his future by putting pen to paper again. However, qualifying for the Champions League could be crucial to making that happen, with Spurs ending the season without a trophy for a 14th consecutive season. He has the all-time Premier League goalscorer record in his sights after moving ahead of Thierry Henry onto 178 goals, with only Sergio Aguero (184), Andy Cole (187), Wayne Rooney (208) and Alan Shearer (260) ahead of him. And Souness has urged the striker to consider what he wants to get out of his career before inking a new deal. "He’s won nothing yet. It’s okay having all the records and that, but you still want to show your grandkids your medals,” he added. “Right now, he can’t do that. The dilemma for him moving forward is; do I stay or do I go? “I don’t have a crystal ball and we don’t know what’s been agreed between them (Kane and Daniel Levy). Have they said you can go for x amount? If that’s the case I think City will still be around, knowing Tottenham will get better under this manager."