Meena (played by Paige Sandhu) has been waiting tentatively for her moment in court since she was arrested earlier this year on Emmerdale for the murders of three villagers and countless other crimes. Manpreet (Rebecca Sarker) has been battling a huge dilemma recently as she has been wondering whether she should testify against the serial killer. However, when it seems the murderer's sibling is just about ready to expose the ITV soap villain for the cruel, manipulative person she really is, she too could end up on the chopping block as it seems Meena has a few tricks up her sleeve. The drama begins next week as official soap spoilers have revealed the whole of the village is on tenterhooks over what will happen in the biggest trial of the decade. Wanting to get all the attention she can from the trial, Meena basks in the glory all eyes will be on her for the duration. Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson), the father of the late Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger), is ready to testify but he is shocked to see just how brazen his daughter's killer is being. As he takes to the stand, his emotions take over as the jury is sympathetic to the heartbreak the father of one has been going through following the loss of Leanna. Though the defence are ready and everyone in the courtroom is left aghast when it is stated the villain was having an affair with her victim's father. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King Knowing this would have pushed his buttons, Meena is delighted when she sees her former boss lashing out at her in front of the judge and jury. With Liam convinced he has lost the support of the jury, the next day sees Manpreet anxiously preparing to take to the stand. Having talked herself into testifying, the GP is ready to destroy her sister and she refuses to let the villain's brazen attitude rattle her. What Manpreet isn't prepared for is for the defence to bring up her past, which Meena has clearly filled them in on. To the jury, the medical professional will seem like a seasoned liar and although viewers know a few bits and pieces about Manpreet's past, they could be in for a shock as to what is revealed to the court. The actress who plays Meena, Paige, spoke to Express.co.uk and other media about her character's relationship with her sister going into the trial and what could happen as the pair go head to head. Discussing Meena's feelings towards Manpreet at the start of the trial, Paige explained: "I think she is really excited to see her. "There's this excitement to just be close to Manpreet because Manpreet is Meena's number one. There is no one who could take that place for Meena. "And also, Meena lets her mask drop a little bit when Manpreet takes the stand initially because of that excitement. "But she is aware Manpreet is not going to be nice about her," she continued so it seems the villain will have a plan to make her sister look just as bad, if not worse, than her. DON'T MISS....Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT]Hayley Tamaddon health: Star was left in 'agony' after IBS flare up [COMMENT] The soap star added: "Meena is very aware Manpreet hates her. Particularly after the fact Manpreet covered fully when Liam pushed Meena over the bridge. "But Meena is an intelligent person and she knows Manpreet. They've grown up together so she's aware of that," the actress said. This could be a huge hint there is something from the women's childhood, in particular, Meena is going to use against Manpreet in court. It could be that the GP killed one of their childhood friends but she asked her young sister to help her make it look like a complete accident. Inadvertently, this could have birthed a monster inside Meena as she might not have seen murdering someone as necessarily a bad thing. For years, Manpreet might have thought she got away with her crimes but it could be she is going to get sent down as well for technically claiming the life of Meena's first victim. The defence would use this secret to make it seem as if Manpreet is the real villain of the piece, rather than poor, innocent Meena. The actress who plays Manpreet, Rebecca, also spoke with Express.co.uk and other media to explain how her character knows Meena knows things which could criminalise her. "Manpreet knows there are those weapons in Meena's armour and Meena will throw anything at her to favour her case. "The two sisters know each other inside out, really, and they've been brought together by their recent experiences together." "Manpreet is aware and she's trying to prepare herself but nothing can quite prepare her for what happens," Rebecca teased. "To be so publicly exposed in the courts is a triggering experience for her," the actress explained so could viewers finally learn about Manpreet's dark childhood? Once the GP has taken to the stand, it will be Meena's time in the spotlight and she will revel in the fact she can put on the best performance of her life. As one thing leads to another, it seems the court case will conclude in a way no one is expecting it to as truths and lies are exposed. However, will Meena get her comeuppance or will she get away with murder? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.