In a poll that ran from 9am on Thursday, April 7, to 1pm on Friday, April 8, Express.co.uk asked: “Do you think Will and Kate should move closer to the Queen?” In total 1,554 people cast their votes and dozens left comments below the accompanying article sharing their thoughts on a potential move for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. The bulk of respondents – 92 percent (1,431 people) – said “yes”, William and Kate should move closer to the Queen. A further six percent (97 people) answered “no” and just two percent (26 people) said they did not know. Currently, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge divide their time between Kensington Palace, London and Anmer Hall, Norfolk. They have reportedly been looking at royal residences closer to the Queen in Windsor in order to support her after a series of health concerns. Several properties are said to have been on their radar including Prince Andrew’s Royal Lodge – although he has no intention of moving elsewhere. They have already ruled out Fort Belvedere located on the edge of Windsor Great Park, former home to King Edward VIII and Wallis Simpson. The Sun reported last week that the Cambridges have eyed up Frogmore House as well as the currently-occupied Adelaide Cottage. Royal sources have dismissed claims they will move into an apartment in Windsor Castle, however. William and Kate are also said to be considering private homes in the area. They are looking at schools for their three children – Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince  Louis, three – in Windsor, Buckinghamshire and Surrey. Many Express.co.uk readers commented that a move to Windsor would be the right decision. Username Jackyt said: “Yes I definitely think that William, Kate and family need to be very near the Queen. DON'T MISS:Queen pulls out of beloved royal service close to her heart as Charles forced to step up [LATEST]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan makes 'crucial misstep' - 'Hollywood turns on Sussexes' [LIVE BLOG]'Massive slap in the face' TV host slams Harry's security row as Duke heads to The Hague [VIDEO] “William and Kate need to come to the forefront to prepare for the next stage in their lives.” Username Birdiemcdonough said: “Absolutely they should move close to her.” And username Me555 said: “I suspect it would work well for them. “In addition to proximity to the Queen, they would also be closer to Catherine’s parents.” Username NomeDePlume wrote: “Why not... William as well as Catherine would benefit from her knowledge.” Meanwhile, some thought that the Queen was already well supported and there was no need for the Cambridges to be closer. Username SaraMay said: “The Queen has plenty of people around her for immediate care.” Username Hooded claw said: “Who cares how close they live to their matriarch?” Others felt that the living arrangements of the Royal Family were a personal matter. Username The taxilady said: “Domestic living arrangements are nobody's business but their own!!” And username Beanie70 wrote: “Personal family business.”