Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge married on April 29, 2011, at Westminster Abbey in London. The beautiful bride and dashing groom were the picture of newlywed bliss on their big day, and the occasion had been a long time coming as they had known each other for years. Here is Kate and William’s relationship timeline starting at the setting where it all began, Scotland. Prince William famously met Kate Middleton while they were studying at the historic Scottish university, St Andrew’s. The pair both studied Art History initially, although William later switched to Geography. William would later say this is where their relationship “blossomed” during his engagement interview and during their second year of study, Kate and William lived together with a few other friends in student digs. William and Kate managed to keep their relationship out of the royal spotlight for a few years, but it became public knowledge that Kate was William’s girlfriend when she joined the Prince and his family for a skip trip at Klosters. READ MORE: Harry's 'protection' remark mocked  After university, Kate made a few public appearances with her royal boyfriend, including at William’s passing out parade at Sandhurst in 2006 with her parents Carole and Michael Middleton. Kate and William took a well-documented break from their relationship in 2007, momentarily dashing the hopes of royal fans that Kate would be a future Queen. But the split would prove to be temporary, and the couple got back together a few months later. Kate reflected on the split in her engagement interview in 2010. She said: "At the time I wasn't very happy about it, but it actually made me a stronger person. “You find out things about yourself that maybe you hadn't realised. I think you can get quite consumed by a relationship when you are younger, and I really valued that time for me as well although I didn't think it at the time." William also explained: “It was very much trying to find out way and we were growing up, it was just a bit of space – things worked out for the better.”  After years of dating, royal fans were delighted when Prince William’s engagement to Kate Middleton was announced in November 2010. A statement from Prince Charles read: “The Prince of Wales is delighted to announce the engagement of Prince William to Miss Catherine Middleton. “The wedding will take place in the Spring or Summer of 2011, in London. Further details about the wedding day will be announced in due course.” The couple got engaged while holidaying in Kenya, and a very happy Kate debuted the iconic sapphire engagement ring that once belonged to the late Princess Diana at her engagement photocall. DON'T MISS:4 royals who have been stripped of titles - including Diana [INSIGHT]King Willem-Alexander family tree: How Dutch royal is related to Queen [EXPLAINER]Platinum Jubilee celebrations MAPPED - The key events near me [MAP]  Prince William and Kate Middleton married at Westminster Abbey and millions tuned in to watch the wedding from around the world. Kate wore a stunning custom gown by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen and she was assisted on her big day by her sister Pippa Middleton, while Prince Harry served as William’s best man. The happy couple waved to the crowds of London as they made their way to Buckingham Palace for the traditional post-royal wedding smooch on the balcony.  William and Kate will celebrate 11 years of marriage this year, and they have both been committed working members of the Royal Family for over a decade. Kate and William welcomed their first child, Prince George, himself a future King, in 2013. Their daughter Princess Charlotte was born in 2015, and their son Prince Louis was born in 2018. All the Cambridge children were born at the Lindo Wing of St Mary’s Hospital, the same place Princess Diana welcomed Prince William and Prince Harry. The Cambridge family now divide their time between Kensington Palace in London and Anmer Hall in Norfolk. 