The Duke and Duchess of Sussex spent Easter Sunday in front row seats as the first full day of competition began at the Invictus Games. Harry and Meghan spent the morning at the athletics track before heading to the sitting volleyball. The 2022 Invictus Games runs until next Friday, having been postponed by two years due to the Covid pandemic. Harry was inspired to set up the project after witnessing the 2013 Warrior Games, organised by the US Department of Defence, where injured and retired service personnel competed. More than 500 competitors from 20 nations are due to take part in this year’s event, the first time the Sussexes have appeared in Europe in public together since stepping back as senior working royals two years ago. The couple faced unsavoury headlines last month after failing to attend Prince Philip’s memorial service, with a source admitting the Invictus Games is a perfect opportunity to bounce back. Speaking to Page Six this week, the source said: “They need a win. READ MORE: Charlotte steals the show on Easter Sunday arrival “They are never going to get a win with some people in England, probably the majority, but their appearance at the Invictus Games may reignite the pocket of support they have among a certain young demographic in the UK.” Harry and Meghan stopped off in the UK to visit the Queen and Prince Charles at Windsor Castle before heading to the Netherlands. The couple have been joined at The Hague by a Netflix camera crew as part of Harry’s docuseries with the streaming giant. The Sussexes laughed and joked with competitors, and both gave rousing speeches at the event’s opening ceremony on Saturday evening. Meghan spoke of the Ukrainian team’s presence, saying it had taken a lot “both physically and emotionally” for each and every competitor to get there, “not least of which for the Ukraine team, who we are all standing with”. She then handed over to her “incredible husband” Harry, who she described as “the founder of the Invictus Games, and the father to our two little ones, Archie and Lili”. Harry praised the “boundless humility, the compassion and the friendship” of the Invictus Games, and highlighted the Ukrainian team’s remarkable journey to get to The Hague. He said: “To be role models, or the role models that each of you are, takes strength and it takes courage.” DON'T MISS:Meghan hugs Invictus Games' team before leaving on a golf buggy [LATEST]'What happened to 'just Harry!?' Royal fans left fuming [QUOTES]Prince Harry's mother Diana admitted 'Easter always difficult time' [REVEALED] He carried on by speaking about two-year-old son Archie and his own career aspirations. Harry said: “When I talk to my son Archie about what he wants to be when he grows up, some days it's an astronaut, other days it's a pilot — a helicopter pilot obviously — or Kwazii from Octonauts. “If you’re laughing, then you’ve seen that. “But what I remind him is that no matter what you want to be when you grow up, it's your character that matters most, and nothing would make his mum and me prouder than to see him have the character of what we see before us today.” The royal couple had previously joined in with a junior driving contest, where they were driven round a small circuit in tiny Land Rovers. Harry then took to a full-size car to complete his own driving challenge, taking on the course that included bridges, ramps and rocks. Both Harry and Meghan share a long lasting commitment to supporting the military. Harry, who served a decade in the Army and completed two tours of Afghanistan, has previously taken part in events with the Walking with the Wounded charity as well as the Endeavour Fund. Meghan, meanwhile, travelled to Afghanistan with the United Service Organisations (USO) in 2014, which supports the military and their families. Meghan joined troops in the country with Army General Martin E Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Writing on Instagram at the time, she said: “In gratitude to our troops, and the opportunity to thank them personally for their sacrifice and service. “Such an honour and feeling very very blessed. #USOtour.”