President Joe Biden welcomed 44th US President Barack Obama at the White House for the first time since leaving office for an event marking the 12th anniversary of his signature healthcare law, the Affordable Care Act (ACA). While former President Obama was cheerfully joined by fellow politicians, one moment caught by cameras in the White House, saw Mr Biden doddering around looking for someone to talk to.   Former Deputy Assistant to Donald Trump Sebastian Gorka released a video of President Biden with the caption: “Biden the By-Stander. At his OWN party…” The humorous video caused people to take to social media to comment on the situation. One user, Daniel, wrote to his Twitter followers: “Lost at Sea!” Meanwhile another commented: “Lost again. Someone show him which way to go..” READ MORE: Boris confirms major hypersonic weapons deal with UK, US and Australia A third added: “Looking for the ice cream stand.” Mr Biden and Mr Obama met to announce steps the White House says will make healthcare more affordable, including closing a loophole which prevents millions of Americans from qualifying for subsidies. Mr Obama joyfully stated: “It is good to be back in the White House. “It's been a while. I confess, I heard some changes have been made by the current President since I was last year. DON'T MISSPakistan's Khan in clash with Biden as he slams US-led 'conspiracy [UPDATE]Putin slept with shotgun in St Petersburg after 'violent' USSR fall [REVEAL]Biden calls wife Jill Barack Obama's Vice President in latest blunder [INSIGHT]    “Apparently, Secret Service agents have to wear aviators now. The Navy mess has been replaced by a Baskin Robbins. “And there's a cat running around, which I guarantee you, Beau, it's funny, would have been very unhappy about. “But coming back, even if I have to wear a tie, which I very rarely do these days, gives me a chance to visit with some of the incredible people who serve this White House and serve this country every single day.” Under current law, families are only eligible for health insurance through the ACA's marketplace if they spend more than about 10 percent of their income on coverage through their employer or other programs. However, if an employee's cost exceeds 10 percent when family members are added to an insurance plan, the family is still viewed as having affordable coverage and are no longer eligible for subsidised coverage under the ACA. The Democratic President stated on Tuesday: “The bottom line is this — the Affordable Care Act is stronger now than it's ever been.”  