One of North Korea’s most senior leaders has threatened to use nuclear weapons to eliminate South Korea in a jarring speech. Kim Yo-Jung made threatening comments aimed at the South’s incoming regime after it signalled it would take a much harsher line against the isolated nation. Yo-jong said North Korea has no intention of starting a second Korean war, but would respond if provoked. She said: “If the South Korean army were to injure even an inch of our land, they would face a catastrophe that we had never imagined before. “In that case, South Korea itself will become a target.”  READ MORE: Putin ‘cannot be given peace': Present says Russia must be 'defeated' She continued: “In case South Korea opts for a military confrontation with us, our nuclear combat force will have to inevitably carry out its duty.” She said the “primary mission” for her country’s nuclear forces was to act as a deterrent, but if an armed conflict were to break out, such weapons will be used for “eliminating the enemy’s armed forces at a strike”. Kim Yo-Jong also threatened South Korea with “little short of total destruction and ruin”. Incredibly, in the same breath, North Korea’s number two also said she was opposed to war. The tension has arisen between the two Korean states over the North’s recent weapons tests. For five years under President Moon Jae-in, Seoul has pursued a policy of engagement with Pyongyang. The South has helped facilitate numerous high-level summits between Kim Jong-un and former US President Donald Trump while reducing joint US military drills the North sees as provocative.  DON'T MISSWorld War 3 risk ‘high’ as China, North Korea and Iran exploit West [ANALYSIS]North Korea's Kim Jong-un releases new Hollywood-style propaganda film [INSIGHT]Could Putin go on trial for war crimes? Bucha images solidify case [ANALYSIS] However, diplomacy between the two collapsed in 2019. The Biden administration has shown little interest in reviving denuclearisation talks unless they result in the proven dismantling of the North’s nuclear and ballistic missile programmes. But President-elect Yoon Suk-yeol will soon take over in South Korea, and has vowed to take a considerably harder line with the North. Most recently, South Korea’s defence minister, Suh Wook, publicly discussed Seoul’s ability to “accurately and quickly hit any target in North Korea” with a range of weapons. In another statement directed toward Suh on Sunday, Yo-jong called him a “scum-like guy”. Kim Yo-Jong is the sister of North Korea’s supreme leader, Kim Jong-un. She holds several senior positions in the government and ruling party. Little is known about her otherwise due to the isolated nature of North Korea, but she is widely believed to be second in command to her brother.