Youri Tielemans has attracted interest from the Premier League and overseas ahead of his expected Leicester City exit this summer. Manchester United, Liverpool and Tottenham Hotspur reportedly face competition from Juventus for the 24-year-old's signature. Leicester are set to cash in on Tielemans after he snubbed a new contract at the King Power Stadium ahead of his 2023 expiry. And reports in Italy suggest heavyweight suitors are eyeing his services for next season amid an impressive stint with the Foxes. According to Calciomercato, Juventus have joined the Premier League trio on the trail to sign Tielemans at the end of the season. However, the Belgium midfielder would prefer to stay in England, handing United, Liverpool and Tottenham hope of completing a deal. Elsewhere in Italy, Tuttosport claim Arsenal have Tielemans 'in their sights' as Mikel Arteta plans to bolster his midfield regiment ahead of the 2022/23 campaign. The outlet also credits United and Juventus with interest, suggesting a hotly-contested race could go down in the summer transfer window. JUST IN: Man Utd have held 'talks' over signing Nkunku but reservations remain Tielemans has shone brightly since joining Leicester from AS Monaco in January 2019, making 147 appearances across four seasons. The box-to-box midfield star has registered 24 goals and 22 assists in that time, including the winning goal in the club's 2021 FA Cup success against Chelsea. But the Daily Mail report that because of his contract situation, Leicester will demand just £25million for his signature this summer - undoubtedly making him one of the bargains on the market. He'll be an enticing option for several clubs, none more so than United, likely to be looking for a Paul Pogba replacement after his inevitable free agency in July. READ MORE: De Bruyne refuses to discuss chances of City vs Liverpool CL final The Red Devils are pursuing a new defensive midfielder and more advanced player in their first summer window under their new manager, whoever that may be. But Liverpool's interest would concern Old Trafford figures, given the chance of immediate success under Jurgen Klopp rather than the rebuild starting in M16. Champions League football could also play a significant role in Tielemans' decision, and as it stands, United won't be able to offer that, but Liverpool, Tottenham, and Juventus will. One thing is definite; he's almost certain to leave the Midlands this summer, and the successful suitor is guaranteed a coup. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.