Taking a puritanical view of gambling may seem like an honourable position to take, however, the implications of some of the proposals trailed and put forward by anti-gambling campaigners will be far reaching. It is hard to understate the ramifications should the Government look to bash the bookies. Arguably the most unpalatable proposal is the introduction of affordability checks on punters. These blanket checks would mean that all those fancying a flutter would have to provide bank statements, payslips and other financial details in order to place a bet. Research has indicated that implementing these checks would cost the industry around £100,000,000. As of 2019, it was estimated that over 100,000 people work in the Gambling industry within the UK. With companies facing bills that large, it is inevitable that this would lead to job losses. Indeed, one study found 95 percent of people would not share bank details in order to place a bet, effectively killing off the market. This would be disastrous for the betting industry and the people who rely on it for their income. It is hard to comprehend that any government, let alone a Conservative one, would be willing to put hard-working Brits out of work, to placate prudish campaigners’ hell bent on ending gambling for good in this country. Moreover, are we really suggesting that the government are going to force people down to the job centre during a cost-of-living crisis? Are we really going to increase the burden on the Department for Work and Pensions and, as such, the taxpayer? Likewise, in 2020/21, during the peak of the pandemic restrictions facing sport, betting and gaming tax receipts amounted to nearly £2.8 billion. Clearly a substantial amount for the Treasury, which would undoubtedly be reduced in the face of these punitive proposals. Where would the Treasury make up for this loss? I fear this would lead to revenue being made up elsewhere – at the expense of the taxpayer. Additionally, only last year the Prime Minister wrote the foreword to the Build Back Better Highstreets policy paper. In this, in his own words, he detailed that “wherever you call home, you should have a local high street to be proud of”. I can tell you now that these proposals will lead to the closure of high street bookies. William Hill, Ladbrokes and Betfred have a combined total of over 5,500 shops on high streets up and down the country; they would vanish almost overnight, leaving yet another vacant shop on our already decimated central business districts. Who would be proud of that? The UK is a world leader when it comes to betting and gaming, home to some of the biggest firms in the world, pioneering technology. This is an industry we should be proud of, not penalising. After all, these proposals are designed to help less than one percent of gamblers who have a problem with the hobby. With this in mind, I would therefore urge the Department for Culture, Media and Sport to tread carefully when considering the outcomes of the Gambling Act Review.