Princess Charlotte, six, is the only daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. She is the middle child, between elder sibling Prince George, eight, and youngest Cambridge child, Prince Louis. Although poised in public outings, Prince William, 39, has divulged that he has difficulty making sure his daughter’s hairstyles do not have a hair out of place. Speaking to another father in Blackpool back in 2019, Prince William advised: “Never try to do a ponytail.” He then exclaimed: “Nightmare!” Kate then reportedly asked: “Have you tried to do a plait? “It’s the weaving, [it’s] really hard.” To this, the future king replied: “I can do a ponytail, but that’s about it as I don’t have enough hair to practice on!” Prince William also let slip that he may have gained his skills from a number of Youtube tutorials on hairstyling. The Duke of Cambridge is also reported to have a cute nickname for his only daughter - reserved only for the Prince to use. READ MORE: Charles and Camilla's 'LOVE CHILD' unveils new 'undeniable proof' At the Royal Chelsea Flower Show in 2019, William was heard calling out to Charlotte, grabbing her attention by calling her “Mignonette”. A French term, it denotes delicacy and sweetness. Kate, Duchess of Cambridge is believed to refer to Charlotte by the more conventional shortening of ‘Lottie’. Young Princess Charlotte appeared alongside her elder brother in a memorial service dedicated to their late great-grandfather, Prince Philip. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan makes 'crucial misstep' [LIVE] Prince Harry risks alienating royal fans with Queen snub [INSIGHT] Fears Meghan Markle podcast will centre on bitter score-settling [ANALYSIS] The youngest Cambridge prince, three-year-old Louis, did not join his siblings and parents for the service. Prince George looked smart in a navy suit and tie, with Charlotte by his side in a dark blue coat and tights. The young royals attracted a wave of appreciation on social media, with Twitter user Kayla Adams praising: “Prince George and Princess Charlotte are so grown up.” @DianaDZ007 posted: “Prince George and Princess Charlotte are so big!” In an adorable moment, Princess Charlotte catches herself appearing on camera and pulls a face on the big screen. The young Cambridge siblings attended the service with royal youngsters Mia Tindall - daughter of Zara and Mike Tindall - and cousins Isla and Savannah Philips. Ten-year-old Isla marked her birthday on the same day as the March 29 service.