  Jasmine Harman said she felt “frustrated” after being left in the dark following her family’s decision to take in Ukrainian refugees. The A Place In The Sun star admitted she was left feeling fed up after “wanting to do something useful but not being able to”.     Jasmine, 46, took to Instagram today to explain the UK’s slow progress with welcoming Ukrainian refugees across the border was “frustrating”. Yesterday, Home Secretary Priti Patel, 50, was forced to apologise for the low number of Ukraine refugees arriving in the UK. New figures show that just 12,000 have reached Britain so far, despite over 100,000 people across the UK agreeing to offer up their homes to families fleeing Russia’s brutal invasion. Jasmine shared a personal story on Instagram about her own family’s refugee experience, asking her 104,000 followers for advice on how she could continue to help Ukraine. READ MORE: Max Verstappen’s love Kelly Piquet helped him through 'severe Otitis'     “For my 1500th post, I wanted to talk about something very much in the forefront of many of our minds,” she began. “We, like so many, have signed up to take in a Ukrainian refugee or family. “But without a named contact we have not heard anything,” she continued sadly. “It’s frustrating, wanting to do something useful but not being able to.”      “If you know of organisations who are pairing people who want to help, with those in need of a place to stay, please post in the comments. “And if there are petitions to sign to get our authorities to do more / more quickly please share! “It means a lot to me personally as in the 50s, my grandmother came to the UK as a young widow seeking refuge and somewhere safe to bring up her four small children. “I’m proud of my family history and of how hard my grandmother worked to support her family and settle in the UK.” READ MORE... Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [LATEST] Michael Bublé in disbelief over Elton John's help amid son's cancer [INSIGHT] The Chase's Mark Labbett bids a relieved farewell to Richard Osman [UPDATE]      “There are people fleeing from all kinds of desperate situations all over the world; compassion, safety and kindness is the least we can offer,” Jasmine concluded. Beside her heartfelt post was a picture of a young Jasmine posing for a black and white photograph with the other women in her family. She then revealed the identities of those in the family photo, adding: “L-R: Me (aged 10), Mum, Little Yiayia (great grandmother) Mimi (little sis) and Yiayia (grandmother).” Jasmine’s followers took to the comments section to echo her sentiments and to praise her on the “kind gesture” of taking someone in.      Derry Daly wrote: “So true Jasmine, unfortunately we do have a government that says plenty of the ‘soundbites’ but of very little actual action especially with the present incumbent in the HO.” (sic) Mary Phelan added: “Amazed that Ukrainian refugees who have moved to Ireland were in full-time jobs and working two weeks ago within four weeks of the war starting.” Nick Hodson commented: “Super post and a beautiful photograph. Four generations and what a tribute you are. We too have signed up and no clue what to do next.” While EBoylan penned: “You look so like your Grandmother. That’s a very kind gesture. I hope you hear back.” (sic)  