According to experts from plant-food brand Chrysal, the proximity of your bouquet to your fruit bowl could be shortening their cut life span. This is to do with a hormone called ethylene which is secreted by flowers, as well as fruits and vegetables. Chrysal said: "To protect themselves from drying out, plants and trees drop their buds, blooms and leaves. "For cut flowers and potted plants this dropping is often the result of over-production of the growth hormone ethylene; the only known gaseous, naturally occurring plant growth hormone." This gas helps to regulate both the reopening and ageing process for cut flowers, potted plants, fruits and vegetables. Therefore, not only is it purposely used to fruit fruits, it can also speed up how quickly flowers and plotted plants bloom. READ MORE: How to stop cut flowers from wilting - 5 ways to keep blooms fresh Chrysal said: "Fruits like tomatoes, bananas and apples produce high levels of ethylene." Therefore, if your plants or flowers are kept in the nearby vicinity, they could be impacted by a higher percentage of ethylene than they require. Chrysal continued: "This gas will influence the ethylene production in the plant and by this cause more rapid ageing of flowers and leaves. "Some ethylene sensitive plants will even show bud, flower and/or leaf drop." DON'T MISSGarden weeds: How to use white vinegar to ‘kill’ weeds between stones [COMMENT]Energy: Use a hob to cook and wash clothing at a cooler temperature [INSIGHT]Toilet cleaning: How to banish stained limescale using vinegar [EXPLAINER] Some plants are more sensitive to ethylene than others. For example, for carnations it can cause quicker wilting of petals whilst in delphiniums, it can result in petals being shed. For orchids, ethylene can cause discolouration of petals. This isn't the only thing that can cause your flowers to dry out and drop much faster than planned. Keeping your vase near a radiator, in an extremely draughty room or in too sunny a spot can also speed up the decline of your cut flowers. Florists recommend giving your cut flowers fresh, clean water daily to maximise how long they survive. Every two or three days take the flowers out of the vase, rinse it and refill with fresh water.