Comedian and host, Lee Mack is the face of a brand new ITV quiz show The 1% Club, which starts out with 100 contestants, who are then whittled down as they compete to make it to the end and answer a question only one percent of the country can get right, in hopes of winning up to £100,000. After the first episode aired on Saturday, April 9, Lee Mack teased viewers about the most memorable blunder he shared on the show, involving a contestant who was “dying for the loo”.  When speaking about standout moments from the series, Lee recalled: “One of the funniest moments we had during filming was a chap who was desperate for us to get going as he was dying for the loo and kept asking us to do it quicker! “I also found it a lot more tense than I thought I would, the decision to go for the big prize or not… “The tension in the studio was electric and as you’ve spent all evening getting to know them, you really want them to do well. “£100k is an awful lot of money to win and it’s heartbreaking if it doesn’t happen," he told Daily Star. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Maya Stepney returns to take down Meena Jutla Unlike most quizzes, the players don't need to know tons about general knowledge, because it's more about showing the contestants’ skills in reasoning, common sense and logic. On Saturday, members of the public were shown battling it out, hoping to win the eye-watering winning jackpot of £100,000. Some viewers at home recognised one of the competitors who had been on TV once before. After answering a question only 20 percent of people got correctly, Lee spoke to Vithun, a player who got it right. The quizzer, who had appeared on the most recent series of Channel 4’s The Circle, was asked how he would spend the money if he won, the contestant said: “I'd invest it in the two most important things. “One is property because everyone needs a house, the other is wigs,” he revealed. The 24-year-old continued: “In case my hairline recedes, then I'm prepared." Floored by his answer, Lee asked the star: "Do you have a history of hair loss in your family?" The Circle contestant replied: "Not really, but I like to be prepared."] After recognising Vithun, fans shared their shock at seeing him in the crowd on social media. On Twitter, Just Joe said: "Spotted the guy from The Circle in the audience". While Timmy G ech "I swear I just saw Vithun from the circle. Ironically, they're all sat in a circle". Leigh Kirkham said: "It's what's his face from the circle" Although fans commended the Not Going Out actor for his presenting style, the same can't be said for the ITV quiz show which was slammed for its  questions considering it was supposed to draw out the most elite of quizzers. @louisebrooks99 quipped: “#The1PercentClub has convinced me I’m the next #Einstein." They went on to say: “These questions are incredibly easy. #leemack (SIC) @CtTweets08 asked: “Some of these questions are pretty easy right? Or am I just a genius #TheOnePercentShow.” Whittling it down to three players, Tamzin, Cameron and Paul made it to the final round hoping to take home the £96,000 prize pot. As the finalists locked in their answers, Lee made the announcement that Tamzin had answered correctly, making her the first-ever winner. Delighted by her win, she broke down in tears with Lee saying: “You have just won £96,000, wow, that is incredible.” he 1% Club airs Saturday on ITV at 8.30pm