Alejandro Davidovich Fokina's coach was reduced to tears after the world No 46 recorded a shock win over top-ranked Novak Djokovic in Monte Carlo on Tuesday. Davidovich Fokina is through to the last-16 at the Monte Carlo Masters thanks to a surprise three-set victory over Djokovic. Davidovich Fokina stormed into the lead after a 6-3 first-set win. But Djokovic levelled the match by winning a tiebreaker in the second. It was expected that Djokovic would then cruise through to the next round but he was stunned by the Spaniard. Davidovich Fokina incredibly won the third set 6-1 against a tired Serb. It was an emotional victory for the 22-year-old and his team. He stood still on the court for a fair few seconds, holding his head in disbelief. JUST IN: Raducanu shares two motivators ahead of clay-court debut in Stuttgart And Amazon Prime’s cameras cut to the star’s coach, Jorge Aguirre, in the crowd. Aguirre could not contain his emotion and was visibly in tears. After the match, Davidovich Fokina excitedly told the crowd how much his win meant to him and revealed that he did not expect Djokovic to have much confidence ahead of their clash. "This win is so special to me because I grew up watching Nole [Djokovic] and I'm a big fan of his. "I knew Nole didn't have the confidence because he didn't play a lot this season. I had my chances in the beginning of the match and I took them. When he won the second set it was tough mentally, but I work hard to be focused. I had to be prepared for the war." DON'T MISS...Nadal's French Open prep derailed as Spaniard yet to train on courtRaducanu's training link up with coach Piatti explained ahead of clayStiller explains awkward Kyrgios moment as fans thought it was 'beef'  Djokovic’s defeat is the latest in his long list of setbacks in 2022. The year started with him being deported from Australia and barred from defending his Australian Open title due to his Covid vaccination status. The 34-year-old is yet to be jabbed against Covid. It meant that he was also unable to take part in the recent Indian Wells and Miami Open tournaments. It is unclear whether Djokovic will be allowed to compete at future Grand Slams, placing into doubt his position in the argument over the greatest-ever player. He remains on 20 Grand Slams, the same as Roger Federer and one fewer than Rafa Nadal. He told the BBC in February that he was willing to sacrifice future wins in a bid to protect his right to choose not to take the vaccine. Asked why, Djokovic replied: "Because the principles of decision making on my body are more important than any title or anything else. I'm trying to be in tune with my body as much as I possibly can." 