The re-elected president won the second round of the French election with 58.5 percent of the vote on Sunday. But if ballot papers deemed invalid and abstentions are included, the president of the Fifth Republic was re-elected with only 38.5 percent of the total number of registered voters in France with Ms Le Pen securing 27.3 percent. Matthieu Gallard of pollster IpsosFrance tweeted: "Macron is re-elected with ~38 percent of the vote of registered voters, compared to 43.6 percent 5 years ago. This is the lowest level since Pompidou in 1969." Official results from France's Ministry of the Interior show a record 28 percent of those registered to vote abstained in Sunday's poll where Mr Macron gained 58.5 percent of the vote compared to his far-right rival Marine Le Pen's 41.4 percent. With 13.6 million not voting, the figure is one of the highest abstention rates for a second round. It comes after a poll showed 42 percent of 4,000 registered voters surveyed ahead of the second round said they would vote for Mr Macron to block Ms Le Pen.  The poll published by TV network Public Senat also reveals that 46 percent signalled they would vote for Ms Le Pen to block Mr Macron. The proportion of blank and invalid votes decreased this year compared to the second round of the 2017 presidential election when Mr Macron and Ms Le Pen faced each other. Public Senat's poll also shows that 56 percent of those who responded want Mr Macron to lose his majority in the National Assembly. Senior politicians on the far left and far right are urging the electorate to put a stop to Mr Macron's welfare and pro-business reforms.  READ MORE ABOUT A UK TRADE REVOLUTION Far left politician Jean-Luc Melenchon has sought to mobilise voters around la France Insoumise to win a majority in the lower house of the French parliament. MEP Manon Aubry of la France Insoumise tweeted: "Macron is indeed the poorest elected President of the 5th Republic! Not only is he elected with the lowest percentage of registered voters since 1969, but a large part of his vote was only to block Le Pen. See you in June at the legislative elections!" Far right leader Eric Zemmour has called on France's nationalist parties to unite ahead of the June elections. Mr Macron and his allies have pledged to govern differently and listen to voters more, hoping it will help them gain the upper hand in parliament.  DON'T MISS: UK nuclear bases infiltrated by China with mysterious drone sightings [REVEALED] Fury as Corbyn calls for NATO to disband [REPORT] Kate and William's solid relationship has 'occasional blistering row' [LATEST] He said in his victory speech in Paris: "Many in this country voted for me not because they support my ideas but to keep out those of the far-right. "I want to thank them and know I owe them a debt in the years to come."  But conservative daily Le Figaro wrote in its main editorial on Monday: "In truth, the marble statue is a giant with feet of clay. Emmanuel Macron knows this well. He will not benefit from any grace period." France's Constitutional Court will officially announce the results of the presidential election on April 27 to 28. A swearing-in ceremony is to be held before Mr Macron's current mandate runs out on May 14.  Candidates from all parties are expected to register to run for 577 seats on May 16-20 for the legislative elections The first round is scheduled for June 12. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega. 