Gemma Atkinson, 37, and her fiancé Gorka Marquez, 31, met while the pair worked on Strictly Come Dancing in 2017 and two years later the happy couple welcomed their daughter Mia. The former Emmerdale actress opened up about the couple's relationship woes and recalled a time when she didn't like him being on the road. The professional dancer often will be out on tour after wrapping up the latest series of Strictly Come Dancing but in addition, the performers often have their own individual tours which can result in months being away from home. Gorka is currently on his Firedance tour alongside his Strictly co-star Karen Hauer. But his girlfriend has since shared that things were not always smooth sailing as she revealed the couple often got a lot of "grief" about the Spanish-born dancer's busy work schedule. Speaking out in a new interview, Gemma recalled being "upset" as he wanted to be at home with his family. READ MORE: Estelle Harris dead: Seinfeld and Toy Story star dies at 93 It comes after the former Hollyoaks star explained that Gorka was back on the road again just days after she had given birth to Mia. Gemma said: "We got a lot of grief for that. He had people messaging him saying: ‘What kind of father chooses his work over his child?’ "They didn’t realise he was contractually obliged – and how do they expect him to fund this child without working?" She went on: "But I resented that he was back on the road touring.  “What I didn’t realise was that he was feeling resentment towards me for being at home." The TV star recalled getting a text message from Strictly star Giovanni Pernice who urged her to check on Gorka as he was upset about the situation. Giovanni told Gemma that her beau had decided against going out after the show was finished. "I FaceTimed him and he was in the hotel room on his own and he got upset and said: ‘I just want to come home. I don’t want to be here,'" she added to The Sun. DON'T MISS... Joan Collins has not had surgery as star rejects Jane Seymour's remark[LATEST]Andrea McLean says Denise Welch got her a gig amid Loose Women exit[EXCLUSIVE]Richard E Grant emotional as he 'sorts through' late wife's clothes[UPDATE] "Then I felt upset and said: ‘Oh my god, I’ve been thinking you are having a whale of a time,’ and he replied: ‘You’re crazy!’"The couple have since settled their differences and have a good parenting strategy in place that works well for their small family unit. Meanwhile, Gemma has not ruled out expanding her family and having another child with him in the future. She shared that she grew up with a sibling and would love that for Mia one day. The Hits Radio DJ announced that she got engaged to Gorka on Valentine's Day last year. Posing next to her husband to be, Gemma flashed her diamond engagement ring. At the time, she captioned the snap: “Valentine’s forever... Of course, I said yes.” Gorka also shared the news on his Instagram account, posting the same picture of them. He wrote: “The best day with my forever Valentine’s.“I asked and she said YES!!!!!!" Elsewhere, Gemma has recently announced the release of her second book, The Ultimate Body Plan For New Mums. The Ultimate Body Plan For New Mums by Gemma Atkinson (£16.99, Headline Home) is out on April 14.