The Duchess of Cornwall lifted the lid on the royals being fans of the show as she visited the EastEnders set with Prince Charles on Friday. Camilla met this year's Strictly winner, Rose Ayling-Ellis, during the engagement. The Duchess told the EastEnders actress: “We were all voting for you, Rose. "I don't know how you did all those dances.” Asked by Miss Ayling-Ellis whether the Queen also watched Strictly, Camilla said: “I think she does. "She probably watched you.” After her exchange with the Duchess, Miss Ayling-Ellis said she was "mind blown" that the royals voted for her on Strictly. She said: "It was really funny because she's a huge fan of Strictly Come Dancing and she mentioned that she voted for me which is so lovely, and her grandchildren watch it. “It is amazing, so lovely. I mean come on, it's the Royal Family voting for me, sometimes you forget how many people watch the show, I am mind blown.” Camilla and the Prince of Wales visited the Albert Square set as the EastEnders cast were filming a special episode celebrating the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. READ MORE: Kate is 'real deal' and 'would have Queen Mother's seal of approval'  The royal couple chatted to the soap stars during the engagement. Camilla told actress Gillian Taylforth, who plays Kathy Beale, that she used to watch her when EastEnders first aired. Danny Dyer, who plays Mick Carter, said it was “very random to see the royals”. DON'T MISSCamilla stuns in recycled white appliqué coat to visit EastEnders set [PICTURES]Charles's wedding anniversary falls on Prince Philip death milestone [INSIGHT]Queen gave Camilla Queen title to stop Harry from 'harming' her [ANALYSIS] He added: “You know, up close they were very charming. “Really chatty, they've got mad faces when you're close.” Natalie Cassidy, who has played Sonia Fowler for nearly 30 years, said Charles had asked her what it had been like to join the show when she was "so small". She said: “I just said sometimes it's easier being 10, you don't really know what you're coming into, and we had a bit of a laugh and he was really, really lovely. “Actually Camilla, although I didn't meet and greet her, she actually came over and made a beeline to me to say: ‘I know you, you've been in it a long time haven't you?’ so that was really sweet. “They were very interested in all aspects and I think that is what's amazing about them, they make every conversation seem fresh.” Tameka Empson, who plays Kim Fox, said the future King joked about the feather boa she was wearing, saying: “What happened to the chicken?” 