 The developers of Speedcam Anywhere have been forced into anonymity since the launch of the app, due to angry and abusive messages from drivers. The app was originally created to encourage local authorities and the police to tackle speeding drivers and protect other road users.  Speedcam Anywhere was developed through a combination of some of the UK’s top universities and experts from Silicon Valley. The speeding app allowed local residents to document traffic crimes and keep the local community safe. When a speeding car is approaching, a user of the service can record the vehicle as it drives past. The app's AI uses the vehicle’s number plate to search the DVLA’s public registration database to find the make and model of the vehicle. READ MORE: UK hit with more fuel shortages as drivers queue for diesel and petrol  It then determines the distance between the axles of the car with the footage, which helps to calculate an approximate speed. Once the user has recorded the vehicle, they have the choice to save the video and create a report to share to the relevant authorities. The site charges users £14.99 per 1,000 pieces of footage processed and promises to be accurate to within two percent in "pro" mode or 10 percent in "basic" mode. This was met with intense backlash from drivers, who argued that it was a breach of privacy and crossed some ethical boundaries. DON'T MISSWhy is there a diesel shortage? How to check if diesel is available [WARNING]Motorists can save over £300 a year on fuel costs by ditching premium [INSIGHT]Driver hit with £100 parking fine while in queue for a car wash [SHOCKING]   One app user left a one star review, commenting that it produced inaccurate speeds and was badly designed. Kam added: “UI is poor. Doesn't work and frankly not even necessary." Another, Gil Fernandes, said: “This one made me laugh. So instead of being rewarded you are actually obliged to pay for credits that are being used to catch speeders. “I believe the developer lives in a world of his own.” In response to the backlash, the founder of the app said: “We’re getting quite abusive emails. It’s a Marmite product – some people think it is a good idea, some people think that it turns us into a surveillance state. “I can see both sides of that, but I think that if you’re going to have speed limits, then it’s the law that you obey them, and you should enforce the law. “It’s not a personal vendetta against anyone, it’s just – how do we make our roads safe? “There are 20,000 serious injuries on the roads every year – how can we reduce them? “And the way we reduce them is we make a deterrent to speeding.” Despite the reaction from drivers, the founder believes the app will provide a useful tool to prevent dangerous driving and serious incidents occurring. He added: “I think this is a step in the bigger journey of how we make our roads safer and more accessible for everybody. “Having roads that are just too dangerous for kids to cycle to school on, having roads that are too dangerous for parents let their kids cross – I think that’s wrong, and society needs to get over it. “Make the roads safer, make them less unpleasant, and then we can start to look at how else we can move around,” he told the Guardian. During the launch of the controversial app last month, the developers had to prove to Google that the technology worked before going live on the Play Store. It has received poor reviews from users, as well as sparking intense debate over its ethical place in society. Currently it is not approved by Apple to appear on their App Store and the same may happen for Android users soon. The RAC said “the future doesn’t look bright” for the AI-powered app, especially given the discourse around recent Highway Code changes. The new rules prompted discussion about how drivers, cyclists and pedestrians act on roads.