Arsenal outcast Lucas Torreira appears to closing in on a permanent exit from the Emirates Stadium. The Uruguayan midfielder has spent the season on loan at Serie A side Fiorentina, impressing as they remain in the fight for a European qualification place. He has made 29 appearances in all competitions, becoming a regular under Vincenzo Italiano at the Artemio Franchi Stadium. With his career at parent club Arsenal all but over, Torreira has revitalised his career in Italy. The 26-year-old endured a frustrating loan spell at Atletico Madrid last season, but his return to Serie A has been a successful one. So successful in fact that Fiorentina have frequently been linked with making his loan move permanent. Torreira will still have a year remaining on his Gunners contract when he returns to London in the summer. But La Viola are understood to posses an option to buy him as part of the terms that sent him on loan to Tuscany's capital for the current campaign. READ MORE: Man Utd and Arsenal's perfect chance to learn Darwin Nunez traits The fee that was set in that clause is thought to be in the region of £12.5million, though Fiorentina may attempt to negotiate a smaller fee in return for taking an outcast off Arsenal's hands. According to Gazzetta dello Sport, the Serie A side are already 'working on the redemption' of Torreira on a permanent basis. Though the £12.5m fee has been agreed already, it is stated that 'other economic components' could come into play. There is a 'desire' from both sides that a deal can be agreed soon, with a provisional timeline of Easter the current hope. DON'T MISS: Arsenal ace Cedric claims Tomiyasu 'has been fit' for a few weeks (NEWS)Arsenal and Man Utd receive boost as Wolves 'prepare' to lose Neves (TRANSFERS)Arsenal icon Eduardo believes Mikel Arteta can emulate Jurgen Klopp (INSIGHT) Torreria himself is said to been keen to stay at Fiorentina, with the Uruguayan feeling 'reborn' under Italiano. The midfielder has scored twice in his last three games to help La Viola to close to within two points of Lazio, who occupy Serie A's sole Europa Conference League qualification place. He played 70 minutes as Italiano's men claimed a narrow win over Empoli on Sunday and is expected to feature in the trip to Napoli this weekend. Arsenal will likely be delighted to move Torreira off their books, with the 25-year-old not appearing to have a future under Gunners boss Mikel Arteta.