Planning half-term activities to keep your kids busy and entertained can be tricky at the best of times. But now, as bills rise and the cost of living for households across the country spirals, it might feel extra daunting. Thankfully, many establishments are stepping forward to help take the weight off parents’ shoulders this Easter. If you’re looking for places to dine out - or you simply just need some financial burdens eased, a number of cafes, restaurants, and supermarkets are offering some great deals for children’s meals this Easter. Most are giving kids the option to eat free, while others are offering deals that enable kids to eat for as little as £1. Express.co.uk has put together a list of places up and down the country offering discounts for children when joined by an adult over the Easter holiday. YO! Sushi YO! Sushi is taking the pressure off by running a meal deal where one child under 10 can eat free per every accompanying adult spending £10 between 3:30pm and 5:30pm from Monday to Thursday. The offer is available until May 26 and includes a main, a side of edamame beans, and a drink from the Kids Meal Deal menu and you can add a dessert for £1.50. READ MORE:Morrisons will give away free hot cross buns on Good Friday   The offer is valid at establishments in Brent Cross, Cheltenham, Milton Keynes, Windsor, Harrogate, Glasgow Central, Cambridge, Kingston, Leamington Spa and Leicester Highcross. Bella Italia Kids can eat for £1 at Bella Italia per adult who pays for a main course. The offer is running until April 24 across England, Scotland and Wales, and is available from 12pm, Monday to Sunday. The offer excludes Saturdays. There are separate menus for kids of different age groups, including the Piccolo menu aimed at children aged two to six, and the Grande menu for seven to 11-year-olds. You can find your closest Bella Italia here. Hungry Horse The Hungry Horse pubs are offering a free breakfast for kids per paying adult.   Breakfast is served from 8am to 12pm and the offer is available every day over the Easter holidays. You can find your local Hungry Horse here. Gordon Ramsay Restaurant Selected Gordon Ramsay restaurants are running a kids eat for free promotion for under 12s all day. The offer includes meals from the children’s menu, and can be claimed per adult ordering a main course. You can find your local Gordon Ramsey restaurant here. Table Table, Beefeater and Brewers Fayre Up to two children can get free breakfasts per one paying adult at Table Table, Beefeaters and Brewers Fayre pubs. DON'T MISS:Cost of living crisis: How to save money on your supermarket shop[EXPLAINED]Easter bank holidays: When are supermarkets open? [INSIGHT]Easter travel: 22million drivers to hit roads and flights cancelled [ANALYSIS]     Kids can choose from unlimited cooked and continental breakfasts, including drinks. You can find your local Table Table, Beefeaters and Brewers Fayre pubs by clicking each name. Preto Preto, the Brazilian steakhouse, is helping out by offering kids under 10 a free meal. This deal is claimable by one child for every paying adult and is available all day. Pick up the deal with an online code by clicking here, or simply walk in. You can find your local Preto here. Farmhouse Inns Farmhouse Inns is also offering dinner for just £1, with up to two kids per paying adult - no voucher is needed for this one. The offer will be running from Monday to Friday until April 22, with children able to choose from small breakfasts, kids' meals, or a junior carvery. You can find your local Farmhouse Inn here.  Sizzling Pub & Grill Sizzling Pub & Grill restaurants are also offering kids the chance to eat for only £1 per every adult main meal. The offer is available on weekdays between 3pm and 7pm. You can find your local Sizzling Pub & Grill here. ASDA Cafe ASDA Cafe is taking the burden off parents by offering a deal allowing children to eat for free every day from 3pm. The offer covers both hot and cold meals. You can find your local ASDA Cafe here. M&S Cafe M&S Cafe is also offering a deal this Easter holiday, enabling kids to eat for 1free whenever an adult spends over £5. The deal is running until April 22 and includes either a sandwich, toastie, pizza or pasta, a snack, fruit, and a drink - which would usually cost you around £3.95. You can get one free children's meal per transaction.  You can find your local M&S Cafe here. Morrisons Cafe All under 16s are eligible for a free meal at Morrisons Cafes across the UK, from 3pm until the cafe closes. A meal from the kid's menu is free with any adult meal bought at a value of £4.50 or over. Morrisons is also offering a 'Feed the Family for a Tenner' scheme over Easter, which includes two adult mains, two kids mains and four drinks. You can find your local Morrisons Cafe here. Dunelm Cafe Pausa Dunelm’s offer allows kids to enjoy a free mini meal at its Cafe Pausa venues per adult spending £4. The offer covers two snacks and a drink for every £4 spent in the cafe, and is available until April 24. You can find your local Dunelm Cafe Pausa here. 