Ellie had never experienced human love, worn a collar or been out for a walk when she was one of 45 dogs rescued from a dilapidated barn in Ceredigion in January 2021. Since then, the three-year-old border collie has built up her confidence in the care of the RSPCA. But poor Ellie is still waiting to be picked by adopters at the charity's Bryn-y-Maen Animal Centre in Upper Colwyn Bay. Ellie and another dog called Charlie at the RSPCA's Newport Animal Centre are the only two pooches from the barn who have not found forever homes and are the RSPCA's longest staying residents in Wales. Bryn-y-Maen’s manager, Victoria Williams, said: “When Ellie arrived at the centre she was unsocialised and understandably nervous. "She’d been living rough in inappropriate conditions in a dilapidated outhouse with 44 other dogs and had never experienced a normal life, so we’ve worked really hard to build up her trust and confidence. “For the first couple of months we’d sit outside her kennel and throw in high value treats. “Once she was comfortable with that we fed her through the kennel bars before letting her out in the main block, leaving food bowls in different areas and gradually introducing more staff around her. “The next step was to get her used to a collar and a lead, and about three months after she arrived, she was finally ready to go for a walk. READ MORE: Patient dog still waiting for forever home after almost 500 days  "It was really important not to rush Ellie and to let her do everything at her own pace. “We took in five other dogs from the same farm and whilst they have all been rehomed since, Ellie is still waiting. “She’s been with us a long time and has seen her friends from the barn all go off to new families, so we’d really love to see her settled and happy in her own home after everything she’s been through.” DON'T MISSRescue dog who hid in kennel staring at wall now unrecognisable [PICTURES]Dog waits for home for 400 days as adopters put off by baldness [INSIGHT]Huge rise in reports of dogs with 'barbaric' mutilation [ANALYSIS] Ellie is looking for a quiet rural or semi-rural adult-only home where she is the only pet. Her new owners will need to be understanding to help continue to build her confidence. Find out more about Ellie here.