2022 Masters champion Scottie Scheffler has sent an emotional ‘thank you’ message to Tiger Woods following his victory on Sunday. Scheffler capped off a remarkable few months that has seen him rise to world No. 1 by clinching the most iconic prize in the sport, the Masters green jacket. The 25-year-old headed into the final round on Sunday at nine-under-par, three shots clear of second-placed Cameron Smith. The pair played out a remarkable battle throughout, before Smith capitulated on the 12th, after landing his tee shot into the water hazard. This gave Scheffler - despite a late rally by Rory McIlroy - a much simpler run in, as the American kept his cool to close out his very first major title down the stretch. It was no doubt a special week at Augusta following the return of Tiger Woods. And afterwards, champion Scheffler sent a ‘thank you’ message to Woods, and paid tribute to the golfing icon. He said: “He is the needle for the game of golf. He has completely changed the PGA Tour from when he came on 25 years ago or maybe 26 now. And his YouTube clips are such an inspiration for me. JUST IN: Tiger Woods sends Scottie Scheffler classy message after remarkable Masters win “I remember watching the highlights of him winning in '97, kind of running away with it, and he never really broke his concentration. That's something that I reminded myself of today. I tried not to look up. I tried to keep my head down and just keep doing what I was doing because I didn't want to break my concentration. “The minute I did was on 18 green when I finally got on there and I had a five-shot lead and was like:  ‘Alright, now I can enjoy this’. And you saw the results of that! Thank you, Tiger.” Scheffler put in a Tiger-like performance throughout the week, maintaining the lead across the final three rounds and keeping his cool amid challenges from the likes of Smith, McIlroy and Charl Schwartzel throughout. Scheffler went on to reveal he channelled his inner Woods to help him throughout the week. DON'T MISSTiger Woods commits to Open Championship at 'favourite golf course'Rory McIlroy 'getting hang of Augusta' after 'miracle' shot to finish second at MastersTiger Woods 'won't play full schedule again' after Masters woes but 'thankful' to be back  He commented: “I played Tiger's irons, wore his shoes, wore his shirt this week. Tiger on the golf course is just ridiculous. He's done so much for the game of golf. We are so glad to have him back out here.” Whilst it remains unknown as to whether Woods will next be back out competing on Tour, he has assured fans that he will be competing in this year’s Open Championship at his ‘favourite golf course in the world’ St. Andrews. He revealed: "I don’t know if I'll play Southern Hills [venue of the PGA] or not but I am looking forward to St Andrews," he said. That's something that is near and dear to my heart and I’ve won two Opens there. It is the home of golf and my favourite golf course in the world so I will be there for that one." 