The ban on the sale of petrol and diesel cars in 2030, coupled with the huge increase in the number of electric vehicles (EVs) being bought in, is creating a looming crisis in the UK. At the current rate there will be around 18 million EVs on the roads by the end of the decade, but less than a quarter of the number of chargers needed to power them. The number of new EVs registered in the UK in 2021 was more than the previous five years combined. With a required ratio of 1,176 charge points per 100km the current rate of installations would result in a massive deficit by the time the ban comes in at the end of the decade. In fact, according to Fleet World, a quarter of the number would only be managed by 2032. The development of UK charging infrastructure is reportedly slow because it faces challenges including a lack of materials and not enough skilled employees. READ MORE: Motorist furious at £540 fine after driving through Clean Air Zone The Covid-19 pandemic has caused major disruptions in the supply chain network, resulting in the shortage of essential components for making EV chargers. There is also a shortage of technicians in the automotive industry with the necessary skills to maintain or repair EVs and charging systems. The Institute of Motor Industry (IMI) revealed last year that only 6.5 percent of the entire automotive industry workforce was ready for the switch to EVs. And only five percent of the workforce in garages is qualified to handle EVs and hybrids. DON'T MISS:Lewis in perplexing comparison of lockdown fines and speeding notices [ANALYSIS]Driver caught at 102mph delivers astonishing claim to police [INSIGHT]Speeding offences named as the most common car crime [REVEAL] That would suggest that aside from not enough chargers, there is also a huge lack of knowledge in those needed to maintain EVs. Due to the pandemic, in 2020 there was an 85 percent decline in the number of certificates issued for working on EVs. Plus unlike petrol stations, charging points aren’t manned, meaning any faults have to be flagged by drivers. There is also about to be a large upturn in the number of EVs available as manufacturers release 12 months worth of orders once supply issues ease. That means EV sales are likely to beat even the records set in 2021. Another issue is that the Government expects most EV charging to occur at people’s homes, putting a strain on existing electricity supply networks. There are also problems with how to recycle EV batteries, a shortage of lithium and nickel needed to make them, and the fact that the UK is lagging when it comes to gigafactories which are needed to produce EV batteries. Britain’s first will be built in Sunderland but won’t be ready until 2028. The Government-funded Advanced Propulsion Centre calculates that the UK will need to produce batteries with a capacity of 90 gigawatt hours (GWh) a year. Current UK production capacity is less than 2GWh. Meanwhile, this week the Department for Transport (DfT) set out proposals for legally binding zero-emissions targets to start from 2024. Carmakers will be forced to ensure more than half of their new model sales in Britain are zero-emissions vehicles by 2028 under an EV mandate. A new DfT consultation has set out proposals for mandatory sales targets in the lead-up to the total ban. Plans for a Zero Emissions Vehicle Mandate were first announced in October 2021 as part of the Government’s “Net Zero” strategy. The new technical consultation from the DfT lays out a proposed timescale, which will see car makers given legally binding targets from 2024 onwards.