Jane McDonald, 59, returns to screens today as she appears on ‘James Martin’s Saturday Morning’ on ITV. James will rustle up a feast for the TV presenter and BAFTA-winning singer at his home, with recipes including plaice, lamb, and tomato tart. The stars, who both hail from Yorkshire, will be joined in the kitchen by chefs Cyrus Todiwala and Claude Bosi. Jane McDonald is well known these days for her Channel 5 travel series ‘Cruising with Jane McDonald’. /latest/baftas The songstress started out on the pub and club circuit but by the Nineties had broken through into performing on cruise ships. Her illustrious career has seen her rub shoulders with royalty on several occasions, such as her Royal Variety Performance in December where she met Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. In an interview last summer, Jane opened up about the Royal Family and gave her frank take on the Queen. Speaking to OK! Magazine, she said: “I have always been a fan of the royals. “The Queen has been the most consistent thing in my life.” JUST IN: Harry's 'protection' remark mocked as Queen seeks new security chief Jane’s next brush with royalty comes on June 4 as she takes part in celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Jane will give her own tribute to Her Majesty’s 70-year reign as she appears at Yorkshire’s Platinum Jubilee Concert. Fresh off the back of her 10th studio album, ‘Let The Light In’, the Queen of Yorkshire will take to the stage at Scarborough Open Air Theatre, the UK’s biggest outdoor concert arena. Explaining her excitement at performing for the Queen, she told the Yorkshire Post last week: “If there’s one thing, one presence, one person who has been consistent throughout my life ‒ all our lives really ‒ it’s Queen Elizabeth… and I am so honoured to be celebrating her. “What an occasion to be celebrating just how much work she has done over so many years. “We have all grown up with her, as individuals, and as a nation, and she is still there, at 96 years old everything she can in her role, her duty, and that really should be celebrated” In her interview with OK! the star was asked about the latest series of ‘Cruising with Jane McDonald’ in which she visits royal residences including Windsor Castle. In one episode she also travelled to Hampton Court Palace, the former home of Henry VIII. Jane recalled how she enjoyed taking part in a game of tennis dressed as England’s Tudor King. Joking, the presenter said: “I do love an outfit! DON'T MISS: Princess Eugenie makes announcement as royal follows in Meghan and Harry's footsteps [LATEST]Andrew clinging on 'to what time is left' before Charles takes throne — expert speculates [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton proved destiny to be 'future Queen' during split from Prince William [ANALYSIS] “I’ve never played tennis in my life, but I wish I’d done it years ago! You just hit the ball, don’t you? It was really good fun.” Last March, Jane lost her beloved fiancé, Eddie Rothe, the former drummer of the band The Searchers. Jane announced Eddie’s death, which followed his battle with lung cancer, on Twitter, thanking NHS staff and the team at The Wakefield Hospice. In November, she opened up about the loss of her partner on ‘Loose Women’, the ITV show she co-presented from 2004 to 2014. Jane was tearful as she spoke about Eddie’s death with Kaye Adams, Nadia Sawalha and Carol McGiffin. Remembering her partner, she said: “I don't want to feel sad for the rest of my life. That wasn't Ed, Ed was golden. He was smiley. He was beautiful.” ‘James Martin’s Saturday Morning’ airs on ITV today from 9:25am.