Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola did not know Fernandinho planned to leave the club this summer until he was told by the media on Tuesday. Fernandinho announced at a press conference he will leave City when his contract expires in the summer. The 36-year-old, who has made just six Premier League starts this season, answered "I don't think so" when asked if he thinks he will be at City next term. He then stated his desire to move back to Brazil with his family and carry on playing. Fernandinho said: “I still want to play so I will go back to Brazil. I decided with my family, which is the most important thing for me. “Until then I'm still hoping, I'm hoping all the time in every training session and every game and I will be ready to play.” Guardiola held his own press conference after the Brazilian spoke to the media ahead of the second leg of the Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Madrid. READ MORE: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte 'gives approval' to sign new Cristian Romero partner  The Spaniard was asked about Fernandinho's decision but his shock was clear for all to see. Guardiola replied: "Oh. I didn't know. You give me the news. I didn't hear it. "We will see what happens at the end of the season. I don't know what is going to happen. Fernandinho, I've said so many times, is so important to me. I will talk to him." Guardiola said that perhaps other people at City knew about Fernandinho's decision but he wasn't one of them. He added: "Maybe Txiki [Begiristain] knows and didn't tell me. DON'T MISSArsenal chief Edu left with egg on his face after double Kulusevski mistake [OPINION]Dele Alli struggles blamed on Everton as Neil Warnock makes wild transfer claim [QUOTES]Barcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal talks for Arsenal star Gabriel [GOSSIP]  "I don't know, it was a surprise. I know his intentions, another player might have benefits or hide something. Fernandinho is not, it happened." Guardiola insists he wants Fernandinho to be happy and won't step in his way if he wants to leave. He added: "Absolutely, I said many times, I want him to be happy. "We play tomorrow for him. Give him the best farewell moment reaching the semi-finals, after try to go through. "I understand, play with happiness, if he wants to play it's understandable. For players until 2023, if a player wants to leave I understand completely, look at Ferran Torres.  "I don't want anyone unsatisfied. For his age, for his family in Brazil. The club will help him." Fernandinho has been at City since 2013 and wants to cap off his career at the Etihad with a Champions League triumph. He later tweeted to insist he was still focused on the job at hand after catching Guardiola off guard with his intentions to leave. In a tweet, he wrote: "I was 100% honest and spontaneous in answering that question at today's press conference. But anyone who knows me also knows that my greatest honesty is with Man City and my duties as team captain. "My focus is 100% on winning all the titles we are playing for and I will only talk about my future at the end of the season. Let’s keep pushing!" Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 