Mercedes rookie Russell currently lies second in the drivers’ standings, leading Hamilton by nine points after the first three races after a string of consistent finishes despite a lack of performance. His podium last time out in Australia was his third top-five finish of the season as the Silver Arrows continue to capitalise on retirements from Red Bull and Ferrari. Hamilton tied on points with his world champion team-mate Fernando Alonso during his first F1 season in 2007. Russell is well placed to match the success of his fellow Briton after a strong start but has been warned Hamilton could still mount a charge to get himself ahead. Ex-British driver turned race steward Derek Warwick told Express Sport: “I think George Russell is one of the greatest young drivers coming through. But when you're against the master I think George will be happy to follow Lewis, to learn from Lewis and become a better driver. “It will be difficult to imagine that he could put a world championship together in his first year but you really don't know. He is of the quality to be a world champion, whether it's this year or next year.” READ MORE: George Russell backed to bring Mercedes 'upwards' However, Warwick claims Russell will not be caught out by team orders and will get a fair fight against Hamilton this season. The German manufacturer has been reluctant to intervene in a scrap between their drivers in the past with Nico Rosberg and Hamilton coming to blows in the 2016 title battle. He added: “Mercedes will not start backing either driver until there is a big gap between them. If there's a big gap between them and somebody has a lot of mechanical issues then it could be they will follow that driver whether it's Lewis or whether it's George. DON'T MISSMercedes upgrades 'don't make any sense' says Toto Wolff [INSIGHT]Mika Hakkinen makes assessment on Lewis Hamilton and George Russell [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton and George Russell have 40 percent chance of title win [COMMENT] “If George has got 50 points [advantage] going into the last three races and a chance of being world champion, Mercedes will have no option but to put a lot of focus on George.” However, last year Mercedes' team principal Toto Wolff has hinted he would not let an intra-team rivalry get out of control again.  The Austrian even hinted he wouldn't flinch in throwing drivers out of the car if a situation got out of control again. He said: "I always made clear that if this was going to happen regularly and I would see a pattern, I have no fear in making somebody miss races."