The head of the UN's atomic agency, Rafael Grossi has said that levels of radiation at the Chernobyl nuclear plant have reached "abnormal levels". It comes after Russian soldiers took control of the plant early on in the full-scale invasion of Ukraine, which was launched on February 24.  The troops were stationed at the site of the world's worst-ever nuclear disaster for months, with Ukraine not announced their departure until April 1. Mr Grossi told AFP that their occupation of the power station was "very, very dangerous". Mr Grossi and the International Atomic Energy Agency's visit to the plant comes on Tuesday comes on the on the day of the 36th anniversary of the disaster, which occurred in 1986. He told reporters: "The radiation level, I would say, is abnormal.  "There have been some moments when the levels have gone up because of the movement of the heavy equipment that Russian forces were bringing here and when they left. "We are following that day by day." It is thought that up to 1,500 Russian troops and armoured vehicles had been occupying the site. Ukraine's state nuclear company, Energoatom, said the Russian military abducted members of the Ukrainian National Guard and had held them captive since the start of the war. READ MORE: UK in huge energy boost: Deal struck with Morocco for ‘game-changin... It also said the Russian troops dug trenches in one of the most contaminated parts of the Chernobyl exclusion zone, which likely exposed them to "significant doses" of radiation. The company claims that the reason why Russian troops left is because they the exposure to radiation meant they needed to be treated for radiation poisoning. The troops reportedly “panicked at the first sign of illness” which “showed up very quickly” and began preparations to leave, the agency reported. Ukrainian staff at Chernobyl also said they counted tens of thousands of Russian vehicles leaving Ukraine via Chernobyl. DON'T MISS Mysterious liver disease cases could be linked to virus outbreak [REPORT] Macron's grip on Britain's energy exposed - France to gain billions [INSIGHT] Xi sparks Taiwan panic as new hypersonic missile launched [REVEAL] This has sparked fears that the vehicles could have picked up the contaminated soil the Russian soldiers were digging up. But this is not the only nuclear plant that Russian forces have been involved with. On March 4, Russian forces committed an attack on the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant. The International Atomic Energy Agency said following the attack: “The IAEA is aware of reports that Russian forces have carried out munition explosions at the site of the Zaporizhzhya NPP, and it is seeking information about the situation from Ukraine. “The regulator had previously informed the Agency about ongoing work to detect and dispose of unexploded munitions found at the damaged training centre and elsewhere at the NPP following events on 4 March, when Russian forces took control of the site.” 