Those who are in receipt of certain benefits need to inform the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) of any potential change to their circumstances. Failure to do so can result in people losing their entitlement to receive financial support, including access to PIP. Various circumstance changes need to be reported to the DWP, including a change of name, address of doctor. However, if a PIP claimant leaves the country for an extended period of time without reporting it to the Government, there could be a penalty. Claimants who leave the UK for more than four weeks, either for a holiday or another reason, must contact the DWP. As part of its guidance on reporting changes, the DWP states: “This change may affect the claimant’s entitlement to PIP. “We will need to know the date the claimant is leaving the country, how long they are planning to be out of the country, which country they are going to and why they are going abroad.” READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less With many families going away for Easter in the coming weeks, and summer around the corner, benefit payment recipients should remember their obligations to the DWP before they leave on holiday. As a benefit payment, PIP is designed to assist those with a long-term condition with the extra costs that arise from having a disability. PIP is made up of two different components: a daily living part and mobility part, which are paid at two separate rates. Each rate - a standard and enhanced rate - is awarded to claimants depending on the severity of their disability and how it affects them on a day-to-day basis. The lower rate of the daily living part is currently £60.00, while the enhanced rate is £89.60 a week. In comparison, the mobility part of PIP’s lower rate is £23.70 and the enhanced rate is a weekly payment of £62.55. It is possible for benefit claimants to apply for both components of PIP depending on their condition. If so, someone who is eligible to claim the enhanced rates of both PIP components would receive £608.60 a month. To report any changes to circumstances, DWP claimants can contact the PIP enquiry line on 0800 121 4433. The Government department’s helpline is open from 9am to 5pm, Monday to Friday. Examples of other disability benefit payments from the DWP include Attendance Allowance and the Child Disability Living Allowance. Chloe Smith, the UK Government’s Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, shared why those with a disability should reach out to the DWP for support as soon as possible. Ms Smith explained: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them. “So it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.”