Kelly Anderson said she was distraught when Chai died in 2017 at just five years old and was determined to bring her back through cloning. Ms Anderson appeared on ITV's This Morning and spoke with Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary about her decision to clone her cherished pet. Speaking with the presenters, she said Chai was "the closest thing she could describe to a soulmate”. She added: "I lost her very young, so when she passed I remembered a conversation I had with my roommate about cloning. "Belle came into my life just last year".  Biologically her new cat Belle, who was sat on Kelly's lap during her appearance on the show, shares the same DNA as Chai due to the cloning process. Ms Anderson, from Texas, admitted that while they look the same, Belle’s personality is “completely different”. She explained: “She is her own cat. I never expected her to be Chai, I never wanted her to be Chai. It is a piece of Chai and that is what matters most to me, that I get to carry on a piece of her.” She described how the cloning process took four years but she believes "it was definitely worth it".  READ MORE: Scientists plot to create cats that don't trigger allergies The 32-year-old cat owner reached out to ViaGen Pets who are based in Texas and have been cloning horses and livestock for 17 years, and in recent years began cloning cats and dogs. After recently increasing the fee by $10,000 (£7,643) to cover rising costs, it now costs $50,000 (£38,251) to clone a dog and $35,000 (£26,753) to clone a cat at ViaGen Pets. To clone the animals, ViaGen Pets needs at least two skin samples to collect DNA.  DON'T MISS:  Patient dog still waiting for forever home after almost 500 days [INSIGHT]Nesting starts month earlier as heat rises [VIDEO]'Big cat' spotted 'moving through hedgerow' sparks alert in UK [COMMENT] The samples, usually taken from the pet's belly or leg, are then sent to a laboratory where they are placed in an incubator and cells start to grow. In the next step, a donor egg is taken from a donor animal and the nucleus of the egg is removed and replaced with the millions of cells that have been grown in the laboratory. In the next step, the embryo is implanted into a surrogate cat who gives birth to kittens genetically identical to the original pet. Speaking about her decision to clone Chai, Kelly said: "$25,000 is definitely a lot of money but people spend that on cars every day or more and no one says anything about that." 