Horrifying images of bodies lying on the streets of Bucha are emerging after Russian troops withdrew from the town on the outskirts of Kyiv. As Putin’s forces scale back their so-called “military operation” in the Kyiv and Chernihiv regions, the true extent of the horrors committed are being revealed. Footage taken from a car as it drove through the devastated town show bodies lying on either side of the road. Kyiv has accused Moscow of a “deliberate massacre” in Bucha, but Russia has made a series of unfounded accusations about the footage. The Russian Embassy in Canada tweeted a slowed down version of the video, claiming an arm on one of the bodies had been moved. The latest unfounded claim came from Gevorg Mirzayan, who shockingly accused the UK of staging the horrifying images. A video tweeted by BBC journalist Francis Scarr shows Mr Mirzayan appearing on Russian state TV, saying: “This was done by professionals, probably British. “They're the best in the area of information operations. “[They know how] to place the bodies correctly, do everything correctly, create a nice picture for the necrophilic Western consciousness.” READ MORE: Ukrainian troops recover 'treasure trove' after ambushing Russians Mr Mirzayan, a senior lecturer in politics at the Russian Federation’s Financial University, was ironically wearing the colours of the Ukrainian flag when making the baseless claims. Andrei Medvedev, another regular on Russian state TV is also peddling the ridiculous conspiracy theory that the West has been trying to smear Russia by framing them for the killing of dozens of innocent Ukrainian civilians. Writing on his Telegram page, he claimed “Western technologists” chose Bucha because it sounds like the English word ‘butcher’. He said: “Western copper will now begin to use and twist this play on words with might and main.” He added: “After our departure, the Nazis simply came and killed those who were suspected of helping the Russian military. Or at least in sympathy for them. “The killed people are now called victims of Russian aggression.” Mr Medvedev’s claims were echoed on state TV by talk show host Olesya Loseva. She said Bucha was strategically chosen to fit the West’s "egregious accusation against Russia" after US President Joe Biden recently labelled Putin a “butcher”, so the word "should be clear to Americans". Satellite images released on Monday appear to rebuff all Russian claims that the bodies appeared on the streets of Bucha after their troops had vacated the area. The images from Maxar Technologies were taken on March 31 and appear to show bodies lying in the streets before Russia retreated. DON'T MISS:Russian nationalists reach 'new level of extreme' [EXPERT]Putin's troops 'execute Ukrainian mayor with husband and son' [REPORT]Ukrainian MP accuses the West of appeasing Russia despite atrocities [QUOTES] Russian state-owned TV network Zvezda TV reported on April 1 — the day after the satellite images were taken — that Russian marines were still carrying out operations in Bucha, among other areas. Likewise, a Ukrainian military report from March 31 said Bucha was still under Russian control, but nearby Irpin had been recaptured by the Ukrainian forces. Kyiv has started a war crimes investigation after it said the bodies of some 410 civilians had been found in areas around the capital city. Some were discovered in mass graves, while others had apparently been shot at close range and had their hands tied behind their back. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky visited Bucha on Monday to see the atrocities for himself, and shared grim footage during a later address to the Romanian parliament. Labelling the killings a “genocide”, he said: “The military tortured people and we have every reason to believe that there are many more people killed. “Much more than we know now.” President Biden called for Putin to be prosecuted for war crimes when speaking to reporters on Monday. The International Criminal Court (ICC) has already launched an investigation into the events in Ukraine in the 41 days since Putin’s troops crossed the border. Although Ukraine and Russia are not members of the court, arrest warrants can still be issued if prosecutors can show "reasonable grounds" to believe war crimes were committed. However, Moscow refuses to recognise the tribunal and will almost certainly fail to cooperate. Any trial would therefore be delayed until an arrest is made — which is extremely unlikely — as the ICC cannot try someone “in absentia”, or without a defendant physically in custody.