Manchester United legend Roy Keane could not get enough of Reece James' performance against his old club on Thursday night. The Chelsea defender was the man of the match after a dominant display. Chelsea star James put on a fine performance against United at Old Trafford though the visitors could only muster a 1-1 draw. Marcos Alonso scored with a crisp volley after an hour only for Cristiano Ronaldo to reply within moments. The Red Devils had been largely dominated throughout the first-half and were kept in the contest by David de Gea, though Kai Havertz and N'Golo Kante had excellent chances to score. Marauding down the right-hand flank for the Blues was James, who had Alex Telles all over the place. The England international was awarded the man of the match at the end of the game and had the most tackles, most touches in the opposition box and most crosses, as well as hitting the post with a delightful effort that had De Gea rooted. After the match, Keane was in awe of the 22-year-old, admiring that Chelsea have a real player on their hands. He said in the Sky Sports studio: "Yeah, I like the attitude from him. "But he said life goes on, I would like him to be a little bit more frustrated than that! But what a player Chelsea have on their hands here. "He’s 22-years-old, he looks like a boxer, he is a powerful boy, a fit lad, what a game he had tonight." While Chelsea looked in full force, they could not get past De Gea in goal while United only needed one real chance to score. Ronaldo controlled Nemanja Matic's chip with a touch of class before smashing the ball past Edouard Mendy. That was enough to earn United a point and Keane was full of praise of the Portugal international. He said: "You were worried for Manchester United at this stage because the fans were restless. "But it was a lovely piece of play, it eventually gets to (Cristiano) Ronaldo, and he gets his goal. It is poor from Chelsea defensively, (Ngolo) Kante loses it, and his first touch does not give the defender a chance. "We talk about being clinical, as soon as he takes that touch, you knew he was going to score."