Somebody Feed Phil fans have been without new episodes for almost 18 months now. Since 2018, Netflix subscribers have followed actor and producer Phil Rosenthal’s globe-trotting escapades as he gorges on some of the world’s tastiest and most intriguing delicacies. And now, season five is almost ready to go as Phil took to Instagram this week to share with fans exactly when they can expect him back. Like so many shows across the globe, Somebody Feed Phil has been hit by a number of new restrictions and delays prompted by the Covid pandemic. Nevertheless, Phil has been able to pack his bags and set off on a new mouthwatering expedition. Revealing exactly when fans will be able to catch the new episodes, Phil said on Instagram: “Season 5 LAUNCHES May 25, 2022 @netflix. “Where are we going?” he continued before listing the exact locations he’s heading in the upcoming season. READ MORE: Squid Game season 2: Netflix director drops disappointing release update Phil reeled off: “Oaxaca, Maine, Helsinki, Portland, OR Madrid. See you there. #comeon,” followed by a love heart emoji. And the good news didn’t stop there as Phil then offered his fans the chance to catch the first episode early. Phil offered his followers the chance to watch an advanced screening and Q&A with him on May 3 in LA via the Netflix is a Joke site. Needless to say, it didn’t take long for fans to react with their messages of excitement at the news. On Twitter, fan Nate Abramowski penned alongside the announcement: “Looking forward to this. Such a wonderful show. #somebodyfeedphil.” Jenny Perkins agreed: “I am so ready. This show is just good for the soul. #SomebodyFeedPhil.” And @DMV_Makoto weighed in: “Oh shit, a new season of @PhilRosenthal. Somebody Feed Phil and @obiwankenobi around my birthday in May? I'm set.” While Matt Hewson added: ”Honestly, if you need to feel good in this dark and sometimes brutal world Somebody Feed Phil is the perfect, perfect show. Honestly, you can't do anything but smile.” DON'T MISS:'Very unfair!’ Last Kingdom’s Aethelhelm star swipes back at criticismBetter Call Saul season 6 theory: Gene to free Kim from prisonThe Ultimatum: Are Alexis and Hunter still together? Judging by Phil’s list of locations, it sounds like fans will be transported to the shores of Mexico, the USA, Finland and Spain. This season is likely to be different to previous ones though as it will be the first without Phil’s late father Max. Max would often beam into Somebody Feed Phil via video link, armed with a joke or two. Sadly, Max died at the age of 95 back in June 2021. Phil confirmed the news in an Instagram post last year in which he wrote: “Max Rosenthal passed away last night. “As heartbroken as we are, we are so grateful that he was our dad, our grandpa, our friend, our favorite and funniest TV star, and the role model for how to live 95 years while being sweet, gentle, kind, compassionate and really really funny. “Will have more to say, later. Lost the biggest influence in my life. I know you loved him too and I’m sad for all of us today. “I love you Dad. You live on forever in us, your family, and the friends you’ve made around the world.” (sic) Somebody Feed Phil season 5 premieres on Netflix on May 25.