Cleaning black mould is easy to do using staple items like bleach, baking soda and white vinegar, but few household remedies target the odour as well as the mould itself. Getting rid of stains and spores can seem impossible without the strong smell of chemicals - so how can you tackle the musty stench of mould while avoiding harsh cleaning odours? Essential oils are one of the best natural remedies for household mould, and these are the most effective fragrances for banishing black mould around your property. Mould thrives in damp, humid and wet conditions which is why soaking black mould stains in plain water is one of the worst ways to solve the problem. Whether you’re dealing with black mould on your walls, ceiling, or even your furniture, essential oils are a gentle yet effective way to penetrate fungal spores and disturb the structure of unpleasant growth. Cleaning black mould with these naturally fragrant extracts is recommended for several reasons, including their odour-fighting properties and known air purifying benefits. While most essential oils will work to banish and prevent household mould, these are the best extracts for the job. READ MORE: Britain struggling to cope with transfer and storage of green energy Tea tree oil is known for its refreshing fragrance and antimicrobial properties, making it the ideal alternative to commercial disinfectants. Using this extract for mould is highly effective for more than just its pleasant scent. In fact, one 2007 study found that even just evaporating the oil in a room can visibly decrease the concentration of mould spores in the air. The main active compounds in tea tree oil are alpha terpineol and terpene-4-ol, which kill mould spores by destroying the cell wall, causing the structure to “rupture and leak”, according to environmental services company the Green Orchard Group. Evaporating the oil into a room can be done by adding a few drops to a diffuser, or by using tea tree incense sticks. For concentrated mould growth, it is best to apply the oil directly onto the surface by diluting two teaspoons of oil in one cup of water and applying it directly on the mould with a spray bottle. Clove has been researched the most extensively for its antifungal properties, making it the top contender for use on black mould around the home. Evidence including findings from a 2017 study found that clove oil is almost on par with commercial products when it comes to banishing and preventing harmful spores. This unique extract has a broad range of antifungal properties, though the main component - known as eugenol - is what does the damage to mould cell membranes. To remove mould from a non-porous surface, combine one teaspoon of clove essential oil with one litre of water and spray the liquid onto the affected area. Leave the solution to sit overnight and scrub it away the following day using a stiff brush and soapy water. Dry the area thoroughly to prevent any excess moisture lingering on the surface. DON'T MISS:'Cheap and gentle' laundry substitutes to use when doing laundry [INSIGHT]Use toothbrush method to ‘easily’ remove mould from shower tiles [REVEAL]Cleaning: How to get rid of mould using bleach - ‘highly effective’ [ANALYSIS] Citrus is a staple ingredient in many cleaning products, and it is even more effective in its most concentrated form. Essential oils such as orange and grapefruit are beneficial for their antifungal effects and volatile components which can combat common mould. This type of oil is best for black mould - known as Aspergillus - because it removes and prevents unpleasant spores. The key ingredients in citrus oil are limonene and linalool - both of which have been shown to disrupt the fungal cell membrane of what we see as the dark spores and spots which grow on household surfaces. Citrus oil can be applied to the affected area in the same way as clove oil to inhibit further growth while removing stubborn, musty stains.  Grapefruit seed extract uses two powerful compounds - known as limonoids and naringenin - to penetrate the bacteria which causes black mould. For a gentle yet effective mould spray, fill a spray bottle with grapefruit seed extract oil and water - using 10 drops of oil for every cup of water. Spray a generous amount of the solution onto the affected area and leave it to sit for one hour before wiping it away with a clean cloth. To spot-treat stubborn mould stains, apply the oil to non-porous surfaces by soaking a toothbrush in the extract oil and scrubbing the visible residue away.