And of those who do, 38 percent spend a mere 30 seconds or less scanning through. Nearly a third (31 percent) simply can’t be bothered to read the small print, while one in four (26 percent) claim they do not have the time. It also emerged 85 percent have accepted cookies on a website without reading the policies or making any changes, and 62 percent will accept despite not knowing what they are agreeing to. The research was commissioned by Avast, which has teamed up with baking star Prue Leith to help educate internet users about digital cookies. She has created a limited run of her chocolate chip cookies, which are free for people to order online, which come with hints, tips and tricks on how to navigate the digital kind of cookies. Prue Leith said: “While recent times have highlighted the importance of being connected online, it’s also never been more important for people to feel safe while doing so. “Many people of all ages, but particularly of my generation, are not as familiar with certain aspects of the internet, and this of course includes digital cookies. “This can prove to be a barrier to embracing everything that being online has to offer, so I am absolutely delighted to be working with Avast to help people understand what cookies are and how they work.” The survey also found half (50 percent) of adults are “fed up” of being asked to accept cookies when landing on a web page. Although, 30 percent find it helpful that cookies remember information such as passwords and preferences. But 29 percent are confused by cookie policies, and 70 percent even believe websites intentionally try to confuse them with the language they use. However, over two-thirds (68 percent) felt they could be risking their online privacy when accepting a “cookie policy” without reading it. As a result, three-quarters (75 percent) think internet users need to be better educated on what is included in cookie policies. It also emerged 37 percent of respondents surveyed, via OnePoll, have accepted “terms and conditions” or “cookies”, only to later discover they had agreed to something they wish they hadn’t. And 69 percent worry about their online privacy being at risk, while four in ten think it is easier now for websites to capture your personal data. Jaya Baloo, chief information security officer at Avast, said: “Avast believes online privacy and digital freedom are a fundamental human right. “The internet is, however, often complex and difficult to navigate due to confusing terminology and functionality. “Our research clearly demonstrates that many people do not really understand cookies, how they work, and what implications they have. “By being educated and informed about how digital cookies and online terms and conditions work, users can take the necessary steps to enjoy a better online experience and embrace everything the internet has to offer, without worries around privacy and tracking.” To find out more about the campaign, and to nominate someone you think could benefit from a free box of Prue Leith’s cookies, complete with internet tips, visit here.