High up on the list of 287 supposed MPs are several British politicians who are no longer serving in the House of Commons. Former Shadow Home Secretary Dominic Grieve, who has not been an MP for three years, appears on the list, along with former Secretary of Education Justine Greening and former Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer Oliver Letwin, who both stepped down in 2019. The sanctions come in response to the UK Government's own sanctions on 386 deputies of the Russian State Duma imposed in March, Moscow said.  The MPs will no longer be allowed to enter Russia. The Russian Government accused them of playing "the most active part in the establishment of anti-Russian sanctions instruments in London", saying that they "contribute to the groundless whipping up of Russophobic hysteria in the UK." It added: "The hostile rhetoric and far-fetched accusations coming from the mouths of British parliamentarians not only condone the hostile course of London, aimed at demonizing our country and its international isolation, but are also used by opponents of mutually respectful dialogue with Russia to undermine the foundation of bilateral cooperation." Included in the list of MPs is former Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt, Brexit Opportunities Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg, Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Therese Coffey and Commons Speaker Lindsay Hoyle. The Russian Foreign Ministry threatened to sanction more people, saying: "Taking into account London's bet on the consistent strengthening of anti-Russian sanctions, work on retaliatory countermeasures, including the expansion of the Russian 'stop list', will continue." Boris Johnson said the MPs sanctioned by Russia should regard it as a "badge of honour ". Former Tory chief whip Mark Harper added: "Proud to be on this list with many of my colleagues in the House of Commons. "Russia really hates being called out for their illegal invasion of Ukraine and disgraceful war crimes. The United Kingdom stands with Ukraine." Earlier in April, Putin imposed barred 13 British politicians from entering the country, including Boris Johnson, Liz Truss, Rishi Sunak and Priti Patel. He accused them of "inciting the Neo-Nazi Kiev regime", claiming that Britain's Russophobia is detrimental to the British people. The Russian foreign ministry said the move was taken in response to the UK Government's "unprecedented hostile action". Moscow said in a statement: "In connection with the unprecedented hostile actions of the British government, expressed, in particular, in the imposition of sanctions against top officials of the Russian Federation, a decision was made to include key members of the British government and a number of political figures in the Russian 'stop list'." It warned that it would soon expand the list of sanctions. DON'T MISS: Russia sends remarkable threat to West - ‘War means war’ [REPORT] Switzerland sparks fury after REJECTING bid to send ammo to Ukraine [INSIGHT] 'Grovelling' Macron accused of 'shining Putin's boots' - 'Pathetic' [REACTION] The UK has put in place a severe package of sanctions on Russian individuals, businesses and financial institutions. The Government has estimated that up to £275bn worth of Russian assets is currently frozen - equivalent to 60 percent of Russian foreign currency reserves. It said that Russia is "heading for the deepest recession since the collapse of the Soviet Union" as a result of the sanctions. Western allies are also phasing out imports of Russian energy. The EU imports about 40 percent of its gas from Russia and 27 percent of its oil.  But it has pledged to cut its reliance on Russian gas by two-thirds by the end of 2022, with the longer-term goal of ending its reliance on Russian energy entirely by 2030. Meanwhile, the UK has pledged to phase out imports of Russian oil products by the end of 2022 and is considering banning gas imports. This comes as Moscow continues to sustain heavy losses in its assault on Ukraine. Around 15,000 Russian troops are thought to have been killed during the invasion so far, according to UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace. Ukraine's estimate is much higher, putting Russian casualties at up to 21,900 troops.