There has been a major shift in the political landscape since the last local elections were held in 2018, with new party leaders having been elected for both Labour and the Conservatives, as well as the nation facing a pandemic, war, and the worst cost of living crisis in recent history. Against the backdrop of Partygate, the upcoming local election will be a huge test for Prime Minister Boris Johnson, which could result in new leadership in a number of areas. More than 6,000 seats will be up for grabs across the UK, with London being the spot most seats will be contested in England - amounting to 1,817 seats across all 32 boroughs. Outside of London, a number of councils will also be holding elections, with 904 seats to be contested across 33 metropolitan borough councils, 627 seats to be contested across 27 unitary authorities, and 1,011 seats across 60 district councils. Six local authority mayoral elections will also take place in Croydon, Hackney, Lewisham, Newham, Tower Hamlets and Watford, as well as one metropolitan mayoral election in South Yorkshire. In Scotland, 1,219 seats will be up for grabs across 32 unitary councils, while Wales will be contesting 1,234 seats in 22 councils.  READ MORE: Local election battlegrounds: The four key areas to watch on May 5  Elections for all councillors in all 32 London boroughs will be held on Thursday, May 7 2022. The 32 London Boroughs holding elections include:  There are 36 metropolitan boroughs, which are single-tier local authorities. There will be an election held for all councillors in the following four areas: In the remaining metropolitan boroughs, there will be an election held for one-third of its councillors in the following 29 locations: DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson polls: John Curtice delivers verdict on local election [INSIGHT]Downing Street fines: Does the Met Police use election campaign rules? [EXPLAINED]Boris Johnson on brink as local election analysis shows ‘damage done' [ANALYSIS]     Five district councils will be holding an election on May 5 for all councillors in: Harrogate was also due to elect all its councillors, but the unitarisation of North Yorkshire means the councillors' terms have been extended to April 2023, after which the district councils in North Yorkshire will cease to exist. Six district councils will vote for half of its councillors in:  The following 49 district councils will be holding a vote for a third of its councillors:  The following unitary authorities will be holding a vote for all councillors in: Elections will be held for one-third of councillors in the following areas:  Elections will be held for all councillors in all 32 local authorities in Scotland, which include: Elections will also be held for all councillors in all 22 local authorities, as well as for all community council seats in Wales. These include the councils of: To find out your local council and nearest polling station, enter your postcode into the Electoral Commission’s tool, here. 