GB News presenter Eamonn Holmes spoke to royal expert Robert Jobson about Prince William ahead of his birthday and the type of role he could play when Charles becomes King. With the Queen's health in question, Jobson spoke about how Prince William and Kate Middleton will be the "stars" of the Royal Family when Prince Charles takes over although he will be very hands-on still.   Journalist and broadcaster Jobson spoke very openly about Charles' need to always be involved with what is going on and how this will potentially magnify when he ascends to the throne. Holmes asked: "Are you aware of any plan that would be when Charles ascends, that he and Camilla will delegate perhaps more to William and Catherine?" Jobson replied: "Well, the Prince of Wales, as we all know, is pretty much a workaholic, so I know that he will be doing an awful lot of delegation. "I think we have seen with the Queen in the 90s a lot more delegation to the Prince of Wales, but he is a very active, very fit man, so I don't think that's going to happen." Read More: Emmerdale theory: Vanessa Woodfield heartbroken as she discovers Suzy's secret  Jobson mentioned how William and Kate already looked the part and "could already very easily be the King and Queen". When Charles becomes King, the current Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will fill the roles of Prince and Princess of Wales, and he believes this is how the pair will take on more responsibility. He continued: "I think that what we will see is them being upfront as the main faces of the monarch. "They will be travelling the world. They will be the ones on the front of magazine covers."   Jobson referenced how the royal duo already do a lot of great work with Heritage Great Britain PLC, which operates some of the UK's most popular landmark destinations and iconic visitor attractions, and they are definitely up for the role. He concluded: "They are a great couple, they complement each other, they do great business with Great Britain PLC, and I think it's good times ahead." Earlier in the interview, Holmes couldn't speak highly enough of Prince William but compared him to his brother. Holmes said: "I think he is a credit, amazing in many ways, but I used to think that about Harry as well." DON’T MISS…Casualty theory: Dylan Keogh's secret rumbled as missing character returns to Holby [SPOILERS]Better Call Saul season 6 episode 3 release time: When is the next episode out? [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest in awe as £4 charity shop frame holds valuable abstract painting [LATEST]    He asked the expert: "What was the divide, what turned them into polar opposites in a way?" "I think that the fact is, that William has grown into the understanding that his role is going to be the King," Jobson explained. "At some stage, he is going to have to carry the weight on his shoulders. For a long time, he used to say to his mother, 'I don't really want to do this, I want to be a policeman,' and Harry would say 'Well, I'll do it, I'll be the King.'" Co-host Isabel Webster also had questions about the family dynamics.   She asked: "I don't know if it's to do with losing his brother, or the weight of the responsibility or the fact he has got three children and is exhausted, but he looks to me like he looks more worried?" Putting Webster at ease, the expert opened up about travelling with the Duke and Duchess on their recent Caribbean tour. He added: "He is quite a laugh off the camera and quite an amusing chap when he wants to be, but I think he has realised he has this role ahead of him. "And also, with the Queen at 96 and Prince Charles nearly at 74, he knows that it's his time pretty soon." GB News Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel is on weekdays from 6am.