A 23-mile coastbound stretch of the M20 in Kent was closed for four junctions between Maidstone and Westenhanger as part of Operation Brock. Operation Brock involves using a moveable barrier in order to create a contraflow system which enables lorries to queue and other traffic to keep moving in both directions. The move, which affected those heading for the Port of Dover or the Eurotunnel, reportedly caused chaos on surrounding local roads in the area. The Independent has reported the A20 Roundhill Tunnel is closed under the Dover TAP scheme to prevent HGVs from jumping the queue. Speaking about the issues at hand, the Road Haulage Association said HMRC is “continuing to have issues” with its new post-Brexit GVMS system for customs declarations. The system had been introduced to help lorries move goods between Britain and the European Union after the transition period between the UK and Brussels bloc ended last year. According to the Independent, the system even enables drivers to scan barcodes in order to complete rapid checks on lorries at ports, including at Dover. However, a spokesperson from HMRC said: “We have put in place contingency processes to ensure businesses can keep goods and freight moving while we return to full service.” JUST IN: BBC QT: Emily Thornberry tears into Greg Hands over Rishi's wife - 'She should pay taxes' A message on the HMRC site added: “We are undertaking robust investigations into our systems to address the underlying issues behind this outage. “We will provide a further update by midday, Monday 11 April. “We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause.” However, delays near Dover have also resulted from a number of factors. Some delays to Channel crossings resulted from the suspension of P&O Ferries after the operator sacked nearly 800 seafarers without notice. DFDS, a competitor company, had been taking in many customers but has now said it no longer has the capacity to deal with ex-P&O travellers. READ MORE: Nicola Sturgeon branded a 'coward' after she BANS national papers from manifesto launch However, P&O Ferries announced on Wednesday it was preparing to bring back cross-Channel trips. A spokesman said: “P&O is looking forward to welcoming back vital services and we expect to have two of our vessels ready to sail on the Dover-Calais route by next week, subject to regulatory sign-off, namely both the Pride of Kent and Spirit of Britain between Dover-Calais.” Trevor Bartlett, council leader in the Brexit-backing town of Dover, said the port would be “under severe pressure throughout the busy Easter getaway”. He also warned residents to prepare for “some disruption again this weekend”. The Tory Councillor added: “For too long, local residents and businesses have had to endure disruption and, quite frankly, deserve better. “We share your concerns about the impact of gridlock on local businesses and access to vital health and social care for our most vulnerable residents. DON'T MISS:NATO Summit: Truss vows 'age of engagement' with Putin 'dead' [SPOTLIGHT]Putin left raging after 60 paratroopers stage mutiny [INSIGHT]Putin plot to WIPE OUT Ukraine - entirely from the map [REVEALED]