Arsenal have been told they will miss out on the Champions League to bitter rivals Tottenham by John Barnes, with the former Liverpool international believing that Antonio Conte's experience over Mikel Arteta will prove key to their failure to secure a top-four finish.  Tottenham started the season in poor fashion, losing five of their first ten games under Nuno Espirito Santo. The Portuguese boss was sacked and Conte was brought in at the start of November, a move which was highly heralded by critics. And that has seen the Lilywhites shoot up the table, with Champions League qualification in their hands if they win all their games. That would see Arsenal miss out on the top four, having lost three of their last five games to mid-table opposition. And Barnes has stated that Conte's appointment, alongside Arsenal being a young team and inexperienced, will drag Tottenham over the line in the top four. "Tottenham Hotspur are now firm favourites for fourth in the Premier League. They are more experienced than Arsenal, with a more experienced manager," Barnes said to BonusCodeBets. JUST IN: Ten Hag details Ronaldo stance in first interview as Man Utd boss  “Everyone, myself included, got a bit carried away thinking Arsenal would finish fourth, but they are still a very young team. They’re growing, and if they started to believe they’d turned a corner, then this is a wakeup call for them on how much they need to grow and the maturity they need. “It will come with experience and age. They probably felt they were playing well and going to continue winning matches, but it’s a learning curve for them." The Gunners did beat Manchester United 3-1 on Saturday to alleviate those fears, with goals from Granit Xhaka, Nuno Tavares and Bukayo Saka giving them all three points. That result saw Arsenal temporarily move into fourth, but Tottenham can go back above them if they beat Brentford later on this evening. Mikel Arteta, however, was over the moon with his side after the win. DON'T MISS  "A big performance in a game I think had everything," Arteta said. "Moments where we showed real quality, a game where we had to suffer, a game where there were moments where we were a bit lost and lacking energy, a game where we were really efficient in the boxes, a game where we had luck when we needed it. "Overall I am extremely happy. "I said this is going to be a rollercoaster. The winning and losing in this league is small margins. Today things went our way and we are really happy." 