Temperatures will reach a low of 6C on Tuesday morning at 6am before increasing to 14C by midday in London with light rain showers a possibility in the evening. Wednesday will be similar with a high of 14C and a low of 5C before temperatures drop further on Thursday with a high of 13C and a low of 8C with similar conditions and the possibility of rain on Friday.  This will be a change from the sunnier, dry conditions on Saturday and Sunday with highs of 18C. According to the Met Office, Monday to Wednesday will be “cooler and more unsettled” with some showers predicted along with sunny spells, making it “fresh” in the north. The meteorological service has also predicted some rain towards the middle of next week but with temperatures dropping to “average” after the highs of the Easter weekend. The Met Office said: “Many places dry with clear or sunny spells on Wednesday, breezy.  “Possibly showers breaking out across central and southern areas, with a risk of rain spells early in the day for the west. “Overall, Thursday and Friday will continue in a similar theme, still plenty of dry weather with sunny spells, but also some showers or periods of rain, and temperatures near normal. “Continuing to be changeable thereafter with spells of more prolonged rain at times, particularly in the south and west, perhaps becoming more settled towards the end of the period. “Winds are expected to remain generally light with a risk of strong wind later, especially in the south and west. READ MORE: Eco protesters cause Easter chaos: Dawn raids on Essex and Birmingham  “Temperatures are expected to be close to or slightly above average.” It will come after sunny weather over the Easter brought about by a southerly airflow with Saturday seeing clear and sunny spells with some showers in central and western areas. Easter Sunday is likely to be similar but drier with showers confined to the north and the west. However, some persistent rain will signal the change to more unsettled conditions from Easter Monday. DON'T MISS:  Shopper's fury amid claims Easter dropped from chocolate eggs [REVEAL] Titanic discovery: 'Ghostly shapes' of 'people freezing to death' [INSIGHT] M6 traffic chaos: Lanes CLOSED after HGV driver cheats death in crash [SPOTLIGHT]   Neil Armstrong, Chief Meteorologist at the Met Office said many Brits would experience “decent” bank holiday weather. He said: “Most people will see some spells of decent bank holiday weather this weekend, and it will feel warm in places, particularly for the first half of the Easter break. “However, a low-pressure system will affect the northwest of the UK later Sunday, bringing unsettled weather to the north with some strong winds and rain in the northwest, which could impact driving conditions for some, but further south it will be drier, especially in the southeast. “There will be varying amounts of cloud, but temperatures are widely likely to be above average for the time of year, although low cloud might keep temperatures lower in coastal areas. “However, where the sun comes out people can expect some very pleasant spring conditions.” 