Vanessa (played by Michelle Hardwick) hasn't had much luck with love life since her relationship with Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) came to an end a year and a half ago on Emmerdale. The village vet had a brief romance with Fiona Murphy (Yemisi Oyinloye) before returning to the ITV soap late last year but this ended when she found out her girlfriend had slept with Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter) when they were on a break. However, things could be looking up for the mother of one in next week's episodes as a newcomer catches her eye but this could also be set for disaster. The new romance has already kicked off for Vanessa as in this week's episodes, she had an encounter with newcomer Suzy (Martelle Edinborough). It turns out the new arrival is a cake maker and the vet almost ran her down with her car after a confrontation with Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) moments before. With the conversation turning heated, Vanessa thought she would never see Suzy again but she was very wrong as the stranger walks into the Woolpack next week. As the vet is enjoying some time away from work and her responsibilities as a mother, she is shocked to see her future new love interest standing before her. Suzy decides to join Vanessa for a drink and as they get talking, they realise there is a really easy connection between them. READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? It will be clear Vanessa is really enjoying speaking with the newcomer and she starts to feel her luck with love could be changing. What she might not realise is Suzy could have a link to one of her former love interests, who has sent the new arrival on a mission. The village vet's ex-girlfriend, Fiona, could have sent her sister Suzy to the Dales to check up on the mother of one to see how she is doing. Therefore, it might not be a complete coincidence the new arrival has managed to hit it off with Vanessa so well as she needed to get closer to her. Given the way things ended between the two women, Fiona might want Vanessa to give her another chance but she knows approaching her herself wouldn't go down well. With Suzy doing the groundwork, she could report back to her sister Fiona whether she thinks there could still be a chance for her. Unfortunately, as they spend more and more time together, Vanessa could discover the connection her new love interest has with the village. The vet would be furious to discover what Fiona has done and she would have no qualms in telling Suzy to leave the village. She would not be able to believe she has been duped into thinking her luck with love would have changed. However, if Fiona turns up in the Dales to talk with Vanessa herself, could it be that the pair will get their relationship back on track? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Emma Atkins left 'devastated' by Charity Dingle's fate [COMMENT]Mark Charnock: Emmerdale star on signs of 'devastating' stroke [COMMENT]Hayley Tamaddon health: Star was left in 'agony' after IBS flare up [COMMENT] The actress who plays Suzy, Martelle, spoke with Express.co.uk and other media about joining the cast of the show as the newcomer. Martelle explained: "My feet haven't quite touched the ground yet, I'm still on this massive cloud high up in the sky, but it's been going really, really good. "It's just like a family, and it sounds so cliché but it really is and everyone is so lovely and welcoming and helps you settle in really nicely." Describing her character in a bit more detail, the newcomer said: "[Suzy is] very confident and runs her own business. "She's confident and gregarious and fun to be around. She doesn't take any nonsense at the same time and she likes to get what she wants." "She's a really fun character to play, so I'm looking forward to all the different stuff that's coming up for her," Martelle teased. Whether love could be in the air for her alter-ego and Vanessa, she added: "I think Suzy is pleasantly surprised with Vanessa, she's got something about her that Suzy likes and she's not quite sure what as yet. "But there is definitely an attraction there. So there is potential for something romantic." Martelle also explained getting the role was a dream job for her, stating: "What actor from Yorkshire doesn't want to work on Emmerdale? "Yes, I think it's one of those dream jobs. I am from Yorkshire and I live in Leeds and it's just on my doorstep, it's perfect!" Taking to Twitter, fans of the show have already been sharing their thoughts on the new romance, given that this could mean the end for Vanessa and Charity. CharityNess wrote on the social media platform: "I can’t wait for Suzy to sweep Vanessa off [of] her feet #emmerdale." Rowena added: "I genuinely enjoyed Vanessa’s first scene with Suzy last night. I must admit I’m not 100 percent on her character but I do think she needs some form of storyline soon instead of being involved with other characters #emmerdale." Ryan posted: "Welcome to the show, Suzy. A new love interest for Vanessa #Emmerdale." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.