Burnley have five managers that they could turn to in the coming days to help pull them out of the relegation bottom three in the Premier League. It comes after their shock sacking of Sean Dyche on Friday morning. Burnley have stunned the Premier League world after sacking Dyche with eight games to go in the season. With the Clarets sitting 18th in the table, the club have dismissed the man that has stuck by them for a decade. The Kettering-born tactician was the longest-serving manager in the top-tier but he will now not even get the chance to say goodbye to Burnley fans after the sudden decision to sack him. The 2-0 loss to Norwich appears to have cemented his status as Turf Moor boss while they are four points off Everton. However, the attention must now turn quickly to his successor with time running out to keep the Lancashire club in the Premier League and there are already several options that they could to. The first option manager to be named as a potential replacement is everyone's favourite firefight Sam Allardyce. The Bolton legend is the favourite to take over at Turf Moor due to his reputation for helping languishing clubs out. That is despite the fact that, actually, he lost his status of relegation saviour when he could not stop West Brom from dropping down a division. That was Allardyce's last job, at the end of last season - is there life in the old dog? Another early frontrunner is a second former West Brom manager in Slaven Bilic. The Croatian parted ways with his last club Beijing Guoan in China back in January and is looking to return to English football According to talkSPORT, the ex-West Ham coach is keen on a move to Burnley and will look to apply for the vacancy. Bilic's last job in England was at West Brom where he won 26 matches out of 65. One of the most experienced managers that could be eyeing a return to the Premier League is Alan Pardew, who is currently an adviser at CSKA Sofia in Bulgaria - bizarrely. The 60-year-old has taken control of the likes of West Ham, Charlton, Southampton, Newcastle, Crystal Palace and West Brom. However, it might be fair to say the Londoner does not fare well when asked to leave the south where most Newcastle and West Brom fans will loath to remember his tenure. Again, his last job in the Premier League was with the Baggies back in 2018 where he could not arrest their relegation. Perhaps a more exciting choice to replace Dyche would be the arrival of Rafa Benitez, who has plenty of experience with huge clubs such as Liverpool, Real Madrid and Chelsea. Whether he would take on the task is another matter with the Spaniard likely demanding hefty wages. His stock might have fallen somewhat after being sacked as Everton manager but the lack of progress made by his replacement Frank Lampard indicates that most of the problems at Goodison Park are more deep-rooted. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer Could they? It would be quite the return to the Premier League for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer - who was sacked at Manchester United earlier in the season. Though his final weeks were a real horrorshow at Old Trafford, there is no doubting that his initial spell after taking over was nothing short of brilliant. If Burnley are looking for that managerial bounce, there might not be a better choice than the Norwegian. His lively attitude and attacking tactics might exactly be what is needed at Turf Moor to rope them out of trouble.