  Richard Arnold, 52, told Express.co.uk that he was asked to sit in the cold jacuzzi at the Ideal Home Show a number of years ago, while Andrea, 52, did the weather. The Good Morning Britain presenter shared the anecdote while speaking at this year’s Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest.     Richard has been the Entertainment Editor on ITV’s Good Morning Britain since 2014 and has been working in showbiz for over two decades. Andrea is probably best known for co-presenting ITV’s Loose Women between 2007 and 2020. However, both stars previously began working at GMTV in 1997 for a number of years, with Richard working as a TV critic and Andrea presenting the weather. Richard recalled one year he and Andrea attended the Ideal Home Show, the world’s longest-running home and interiors exhibition, and it left him feeling rather chilly.      Speaking about his experience this year, he said: “I've met some great characters on the floor. “I’ve really enjoyed it and I haven't been here for many, many years. “I did a live broadcast from here with Andrea McLean back in the days of GMTV,” he remembered. “And I was charged with the task of sitting in a hot tub at six o'clock in the morning for a live broadcast while Andrea did the weather.       “And believe me, she was a lot warmer because at six o'clock in the morning, I can tell you the Ideal Home Show, whilst very professional, had not heated the jacuzzi," he laughed. Acknowledging the early start time he added: “And who could blame them frankly?” “So that was an interesting experience. Let's put it this way: the welcome has been a lot warmer this time!” he quipped. Richard went on to discuss the other celebs he had stopped to have a chat with at the ambitious home exhibition event. READ MORE... Fans ecstatic as comic Peter Kay returns to the stage [LATEST] Martin Kemp admits he and wife Shirlie have 'empty heart syndrome' [INSIGHT] 'Turned up with contracts’ Simon Cowell on Amanda Holden's BGT demands [NEWS]      “Well the great thing about the Ideal Home Show is you get to meet everybody,” he explained. “And obviously there were friends of mine who I know off the Telly. “The likes of Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen and Lisa Faulkner - who is just over there and ready to do a little bit of a cooking demonstration. “Antony Cotton and I were in the I’m A Celeb installation early on Friday, and I hadn't seen Anthony for years!” Speaking about his long career as Entertainment Editor, Richard went on to reflect: “Twenty-five years I’ve been on breakfast television. We celebrated that milestone in January.”      “I think we're very lucky to do the job that we do. And I'm lucky to work with a team, a family, of players for as long as I have. “And it's a great honour to actually still be going in and just chatting to people at home. Sometimes I forget. I think I'm in my own living room at home and I'm just chatting away.” The Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest, the world’s longest-running home and interiors exhibition, will return to Olympia London next spring from 17th March to 2nd April 2023. For more information and tickets, please visit idealhomeshow.co.uk.   