Washing machines can gather an unpleasant odour or black mould from the drawers. It’s important not to transfer those musty smells from your appliance to the clothes you are washing. To do this, the washing machine drawer needs to be cleaned regularly and thoroughly. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips and tricks Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to clean her mould-ridden washing machine drawer. Chloe Camm wrote: “Hello. We've moved into our new house today and they've left their washing machine. This is the drawer! What's the best way to clean this?” The drawer of your washing machine is one of the most susceptible areas for grime and mould to gather. Luckily, your drawer is one of the components of your washing machine small enough to remove and wash separately. Chloe’s post was inundated with comments from Mrs Hinch fans ready to offer their cleaning advice. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to clean ovens using a dishwasher tablet - ‘easy trick’ While there are a variety of different ways to help remove washing machine mould from drawers, Mrs Hinch fans recommended using bleach and hot water. Martin Helen said: “How water and bleach is so amazing to use for dirty washing machine drawers. “You can also use an old toothbrush too for those hard to reach places.” Rosie Derrick agreed: “Soak it in bleach with hot water and use an old toothbrush for the bit the drawer goes into.” DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to unblock drains using hair removal cream [TIPS]Lawn advice: How to fix brown patchy grass for ‘healthy’ growth [EXPERT]Weeding tips: How to ‘effectively’ get rid of garden weeds [INSIGHT] Zoe Shell commented: “Bleach and water is how I clean mine, such an easy and cheap method.” Emma Henderson wrote: “Pull the drawer out. If you press the blue part down the drawer will slide out. “Soak in bleach and hot water, then use a toothbrush to reach inside. This will clean the water filters which the detergent and softener goes through.” Jessica Moore suggested: “Soak the draw part in the sink with hot soapy water for an hour then scrub it. “Spray bleach on the inside part and leave for half an hour then give it a good scrub. I was amazed by the results.” Jack Farrell said: “I would rinse off the excess then soak it in a bucket of hot bleach water, so cheap and easy.” Bleach can be used to remove traces of mould on hard and impermeable surfaces such as washing machine drawers. It can be purchased for as little as 49p from Tesco. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using more natural ways to clean washing machine drawers such as baking soda and white vinegar. Faith Colby said: “Take it out, and soak in boiling hot water and white vinegar. Then use an old toothbrush to scrub it. “For the draw, spray a solution of white vinegar and baking soda and scrub with a toothbrush to make sure there’s no blockages where the water dispenses.” Niki Dean added: “Hot soapy water with white vinegar. Should come away quite easily. “Do the same where you can’t reach on the machine. I’d then put a hot wash on without clothes."