Dancing on Ice judge Oti Mabuse has taken to Instagram to reveal the behind-the-scenes "panic" that ensued "every time" she stood up to give a standing ovation, due to the ITV show's cold temperatures. In a candid post, the former Strictly Come Dancing star, 31, reflected on the biggest struggle she faced during her time on the show, after having made her debut as a judge this season. In view of her 644,000 followers, the dance professional shared a behind-the-scenes snap of her time on the programme. The dance pro could be seen sitting down wearing a stunning evening dress while a fluffy dressing gown had been draped around her to keep her warm. In the caption, Oti opened up on the "hardest part" of the show which resulted in a "hectic panic" every time she went to stand and applaud the contestants. Oti wrote: "Everyone constantly asks how I survived ten weeks on @dancingonice because I like being warm.... READ MORE: Naga Munchetty hits out as BBC viewer asks if she 'forgot to get dress "THIS IS WHAT IT LOOKED LIKE UNDER THAT TABLE!!!! "I wasn’t playing with that cold," she added alongside a series of laughing faces. "Hardest thing was the standing ovations because there was a hectic panicking quick change every time I got up," she ended her post. The star's followers took to the comments to weigh in on the behind-the-scenes snap. Dancing on Ice pro Karina Manta admitted that she faced the same problem. She wrote: "The fluffy dressing gowns are life saving!! "I am in mine until SECONDS before I have to go through the tunnel." Instagram user mervyncowdell4837 quipped: "Brilliant Oti." DON'T MISS... Kelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home [INSIGHT]GB News' Eamonn Holmes urges fans to vote after TRIC Award nominations [ANALYSIS]The Wanted's Max George shares heartbreak following Tom Parker's death [UPDATE] While swooshflawlessuk admitted: "I would do the same," alongside a laughing face. In February, Oti announced that she had made the decision to quit Strictly after seven years on the show and winning the series for two consecutive years. She joins Alijaz Skorjanec who also announced his departure from the programme a week ago, admitting that it was a "tough decision" to make. Janette Manrara left the dance show last year to host Strictly spin-off, It Takes Two. Earlier this week, Dianne Buswell, Nadiya Bychkova, Graziano Di Prima, Amy Dowden, and Karen Hauer were announced as part of this year's pro line-up. Katya Jones, Neil Jones, Gorka Marquez, Luba Mushtuk, Giovanni Pernice, Johannes Radebe, and Nancy Xu were also announced to be returning to the dancefloor. Nikita Kuzmin, Jowita Przystal and Kai Widdrington who all made their Strictly debut last year will also be returning. South African dance champion Cameron Lombard is the show's newest addition and is set to be paired with a celebrity contestant instead of featuring as part of the dance troupe.