Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has hinted that he could splash out on a new striker in the transfer window to support Harry Kane rather than replace him. Manchester United are linked with the England international ahead of the summer. Tottenham could sign a striker to support Kane, not replace him, in the summer transfer window. That is the wish of Conte, who wants to take his side to the next level after rediscovering their form. The Italian coach is working wonders in north London, where they currently sit fourth in the Premier League despite an awry season. When Nuno Espirito Santo was sacked, the outlay looked bleak but there is reason to feel confident now. Spurs have lost just once in six Premier League matches while teams have been demolished along the way including Leeds, Newcastle and Everton. But with Champions League football in their sights, Conte has one eye on the transfer window. When asked if he would rather mark Kane or Diego Maradona, the former Inter Milan manager hinted at his plans this summer by saying: "I tell you one thing that is very curious. When I was playing with Lecce and [Zbigniew] Boniek was the manager, my role was No.4, to mark man to man the No.10. I was lucky, or maybe not lucky, to mark Maradona when Napoli played Lecce. "We lost 3-2 but I scored! My first goal in Serie A. When I was only 19 years old! It was the last season for Diego in Naples but for sure this game is impressed in my mind because I marked him and I scored. I was very happy, despite the defeat. "They are two different players, honestly. Maradona was a No.10, not a No.9. Harry, he was born a striker, however he has the talent and quality to play like a No.10 with another striker in front of him, but I like to have him as a striker and then eventually another No.10. Two different players with different characteristics." There has been intense speculation that United will make a move for Kane in the summer transfer window. The striker is open to a transfer away with his future still not clear. Manchester City tried to snap up the Tottenham star last year only to be rebuffed by club chairman Daniel Levy. That did not stop the striker from failing to turn up to training in a bid to force a move through, though he denies this. However, Conte's latest admission reveals he has no intention of seeing the 28-year-old and instead has plans to partner him up with another forward. It remains to be seen who the Italian has in mind but several attackers have been linked with a move to north London. Benfica star Darwin Nunez has been scouted while long-term target Paulo Dybala is available on a free transfer this summer. Tottenham chief Fabio Paratici has close connections with the Argentine after taking him to Juventus back in 2015 and he could have another hand here.