Gentleman Jack has been away from the small screen for the past three years with ongoing filming delays caused by the coronavirus pandemic. Fans of the Anne Lister-centric series, starring Doctor Foster actress Suranne Jones in the iconic role, have been eager to find out what happens next to her and her partner Ann Walker (played by Sophie Rundle). The wait is now almost over with series two ready to make its big debut on BBC One and HBO in the USA. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Gentleman Jack. Gentleman Jack originally won itself an international fanbase when it aired in the States on HBO in April 2019 and on BBC One the following month. Thanks to the overwhelmingly positive reaction from viewers, the drama was quickly renewed just a few days after the UK release. The wait for the new episodes has been longer than expected as like with many shows, the COVID-19 pandemic forced production to come to a halt. Nevertheless, the cast and crew returned to sets and filming concluded on October 4, 2021. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage Gentleman Jack season two will premiere on Sunday, April 10, at 9pm on BBC One. The drama will be taking over the time slot which was previously reserved for the final series of Peaky Blinders which came to an end on April 3. When series one aired in 2019, it consisted of eight episodes with a new instalment shown every Sunday. Gentleman Jack season two will continue this pattern as it also contains eight episodes. If viewers are unable to watch an instalment at the time it airs on BBC One, there is no need to worry. Once an episode is shown on the channel, it will then be released on its streaming service BBC iPlayer. So fans will be able to catch up on the latest episodes whenever they please. The entirety of Gentleman Jack season one is also available to watch on BBC iPlayer. DON'T MISS...Adil Ray and Kwarteng clash over Sunak's wife's tax affairs [REACTION]Suranne Jones husband: Is the Gentleman Jack star married? [CAST]Sophie Rundle husband: Is the Gentleman Jack star married? [RELATIONSHIP] Marking the end of filming at the end of last year, actress Jones posted on Instagram: "We only b****y wrapped on the 2nd season!!! The crew worked so hard. "We juggled episodes and directors, Covid, babies, the passing of my father and a world that was masked and in chaos for most of our shoot. "We had a summer off when we needed to be with our family and friends then we got through this last 5 weeks together and faced a few more challenges on the way…. "Thank you to everyone who worked on this show. We can’t wait for you to see it next year." (sic) To launch Gentleman Jack season two, the premiere episode will be called Faith is All. The synopsis reads: "Anne Lister's revelation that her new wife Ann Walker is moving in with her in Shibden shocks Ann's relatives." However, with the drama teasing the return of Lister's ex-girlfriend Marianna Lawson (played by Lydia Leonard), will she start to cause problems in their marriage? Gentleman Jack season 2 premieres on Sunday, April 10, at 9pm on BBC One.