France President Emmanuel Macron will be hoping to secure a second term in office when voters return to cast their ballots in the second instalment of 2022’s presidential election. Mr Macron stormed to victory in the first round of voting, on Sunday, though he is expected to face stern competition from the far-right candidate Marine Le Pen. Overall, 12 candidates took part in the first round of voting. The following figures are correct after 97 percent of the votes were counted: Emmanuel Macron - 27.6 percentMarine Le Pen - 23.41 percentJean-Luc Mélenchon - 21.95 percentEric Zemmour - 7.05 percentValérie Pécresse - 4.79 percentYannick Jadot - 4.58 percentJean Lassalle - 3.16 percentFabien Roussel - 2.31 percentNicolas Dupont-Aignan - 2.07 percentAnne Hidalgo - 1.74 percentPhilippe Poutou - 0.77 percentNathalie Arthaud - 0.57 percent READ MORE: POLL: 'Would Rishi Sunak make a good PM?' - VOTE NOW  Speaking to his supporters after the first round Mr Macron cautioned that “make no mistake, nothing is decided”. He added that he will try to convince voters of Ms Le Pen “in the next few days that our project answers solidly to their fears and challenges of our time”. Meanwhile, Ms Le Pen said it was time for a "great changeover", with the French people to make a fundamental choice between two opposite views: "Either division and disorder, or a union of the French people around guaranteed social justice." The 53-year-old has campaigned on her National Rally party’s traditional line of curbing immigration and ‘keeping France for the French’.  The results mean that Mr Macron and Ms Le Pen will meet in a second round-run-off vote, which will be held just shy of two weeks' time (Sunday, April 24). Whoever achieves the most ballots in that round of voting will then become President of France until 2027. In France, the scale of the vote usually means that French presidential elections involve two rounds of voting. DON'T MISS: Rishi Sunak refuses to resign as inquiry is launched [NEWS]Marine Le Pen's Brexit warning to UK: 'Raise our voice!' [EXPLAINED]Biden blasted after Boris visits Kyiv to meet Zelensky [ANALYSIS]  Five years ago the pair faced each other in the same scenario with Mr Macron emerging victorious - winning with 66 percent of the vote to 34 percent. Bookamker Paddy Power has Mr Macron as the favourite to win once again with odds of 1/8, while Ms Len Pen’s chances are ranked slightly longer at 7/2. William Hill has similar predictions of 1/7 for the incumbent President and 9/2 for Ms Le Pen. Pollsters are anticipating a tighter contest between the two politicians, though most still have Mr Macron coming out on top.  For example, Politico’s up to date survey shows Mr Macron winning with 53 percent of the vote - correct as of April 10. In comparison, Ms Le Pen is forecast to finish with a score of 47 percent. During the past month polls have demonstrated that she’s been able to close the gap to Mr Macron. The French President has come under fire for his handling of the Russian invasion of Ukraine as well as high levels of inflation in France. 