Yes, you did read that headline correctly! Right now Sky is dishing out full access to Netflix without charging a penny for the privilege and that's not all. The TV firm's latest bundles also include over 100 Sky TV channels, an award-winning Sky Q box and an internet connection with one bundle even featuring Sky's best Gigafast downloads which let you download files and films at over 900Mbps - that's over 10 times faster than the UK average. Prices for these packages with free Netflix start from just £39 which is a bit of bargain. For example, a basic broadband package from Sky costs £25 per month which means you're getting TV access and Netflix for just £14 more. Things get even better for those opting for the Gigafast plan with these speeds usually costing £55 just for the broadband alone. Sky's bundle means you get those ultimate speeds plus TV and Netflix for just £66 - that's only £11 extra. Here are all the deals from Sky what's included: SKY TV, NETFLIX AND GIGAFAST BROADBAND • SEE THE DEAL HERE PRICE: £66 per month FEATURES: This premium bundle comes packed with upgrades including Gigafast broadband which brings speeds in excess of 900Mbps to your home. There's also a Sky Q box with access to channels including Sky Max and Sky Comedy plus that Netflix subscription for free. SMALL PRINT: You'll need to sign up for an 18-month contract and there is a £49 upfront to pay. PRICE: £39 per month • SEE THE DEAL HERE FEATURES: Want the cheapest option? This bundle includes Sky's entry-level 36Mbps speeds which should be fast enough for those who stream movies and send a few emails each day. Just like the more premium option, there's also that Sky Q box with access to telly and over 500 boxsets plus you can binge on endless Netflix for free. SMALL PRINT: You'll need to sign up for an 18-month contract and there is a £49 upfront to pay. SKY TV, NETFLIX AND SUPERFAST BROADBAND • SEE THE DEAL HERE PRICE: £46 per month FEATURES: Sky's mid-tier bundle offers 145Mbps speeds which is around twice as fast as the UK average. You also get that Sky Q box with Endless entertainment which includes over 100 channels that are not on Freeview plus over 500 Box Sets. There's also that free Netflix access and 145Mbps broadband. EXTRA FEES & CONTRACT: £49 upfront fee and 18-month contract. If you fancy any of these options then you need to act fast with the deal running out tonight, Thursday April 21. Netflix not interesting you? Virgin Media has also launched a tasty discount. The broadband and TV firm is currently dishing out free wine when customers sign up for a swathe of different bundles with some packages featuring 16 bottles of booze when users sign on the dotted line. The case of plonk is worth up to £223.84 and will arrive at your front door courtesy of Virgin Wines. YOU CAN SEE THE LATEST VIRGIN DEALS HERE