More than 1.2 million subscription payments have been stopped since summer 2021, according to research from Lloyds Bank. The financial institution found that people are opting to take greater control of their finances due to the country’s cost of living crisis. At the start of this month, the energy price cap rose to almost £2,000 which means households will have to find more money to spend on their gas and electricity. Lloyds’ data found 47.1 percent of cancelled subscription payments were TV, film and music streaming services, as of June 2021. Furthermore, marketplace subscriptions, which allow people to buy or sell goods online, made up 17.6 percent of cancellations. Other regular payments which were cancelled include those created by weight management clubs or gym memberships. The bank is encouraging customers to use its online banking app to manage their finances and scrap unused subscription services. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  Through the app, Lloyds’ customers can view and cancel subscriptions without having to call their local branch directly. According to the bank’s own data, around a fifth (17 percent) of customers use the service on a monthly basis. This same data comes after an increase in people taking out subscriptions during the pandemic, with new payments increasing by 70 percent between January 2020 and March 2021. Customers of Lloyds are sharing how they are managing their finances and cutting subscriptions, when necessary, to address the current rise in the cost of living.  Rebecca Woodman, 39, from Somerset is one of the many people who have cancelled subscription services to save money to combat rising bills. Through Lloyds’ mobile banking app, she was able to get rid of unnecessary payments which saved her almost £240 annually. Ms Woodman said: “I am a busy mum to my three children Liam, Isobel and Isla, but I do try to keep an eye on what is going in and out of my bank account. “When I looked at the subscriptions I had, I forgot I was paying £20 each month for an additional TV subscription as it is not something I’ve had time to sit and watch in a while. “It was so easy to go through and cancel. With how expensive everything is becoming, I am glad I have managed to cut back without having loads of hassle on something that isn’t essential. “I couldn’t believe that’s nearly £240 a year that I was spending on something I had totally forgotten about. “The money I have saved will go towards my children on things like new school uniforms and the clubs they attend.” Recently, the cost of living has been exacerbated by inflation reaching a 30-year high and energy bills rising by £693 a year. Philip Robinson, the director of Payments at Lloyds Bank, outlined the reasoning behind people opting to get rid of unused subscriptions. In light of the cost of living crisis, Mr Robinson explained: “People are looking to take control and budget household spend. “The subscription management service within our mobile app makes it easy for customers to see what they are making regular payments on, with cancellation just a few clicks away. “Our customers have stopped over a million subscription payments to date, with streaming services by far the most popular stop.”