Erik ten Hag plans to be ruthless at Manchester United and won’t let underperforming players on the pitch, it has been claimed. Player power has long been a big issue at Old Trafford. But the 52-year-old plans to stamp his authority on the squad as he gears up for a summer move to the Premier League. Ten Hag has verbally agreed to take over from United, with the Ajax boss beating Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique to the job. Now, journalist Dean Jones has claimed the 52-year-old plans to be ‘ruthless’ - and won’t tolerate players who down tools. “I’m told he’ll be ruthless, and if the players don’t respect him, they won’t play,” he told GiveMeSport. “We’ve seen player power at work under Rangnick, and I doubt we’ve seen the last of it.” For United supporters, that will be welcome news. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Player power has been an issue within the Red Devils dressing room ever since Sir Alex Ferguson emotionally quit back in 2013. Under David Moyes, United had serial winners left, right and centre. Yet they were unimpressed with the Scot’s methods, resulting in him losing job after just 10 months at the helm. Certain players didn’t like Louis van Gaal, either, with the Dutchman’s stinging criticism sometimes too much to bear. And, under Jose Mourinho, United found the Portuguese to be too combative for his own good. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was, perhaps, the only exception with squad members appreciating the Norwegian’s man-management. Yet his era didn’t live up to expectations, with the 49-year-old losing his job in November after a nightmare start to the season. Ten Hag, by being ruthless, will win round fans. But whether players take to his methods, especially with some wanting Pochettino to be given the keys to Old Trafford, is something that’s currently up in the air. Meanwhile, Rafael van der Vaart has reacted to news of Ten Hag having an agreement with United. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And he’s hailed the development, saying: “Ten Hag to Manchester United? It’s nice. “You don’t let a club like Manchester United wait." Van der Vaart does think, however, that United players will be ‘thrown out’ if they fail to cooperate with what Ten Hag wants. “These players (#MUFC) can't have any excuses anymore,” he added. “They made so many managers leave while they are playing so bad. “Now they get a manager who will be very clear and will present his plan. Those who won’t cooperate will get thrown out." United could back Ten Hag in this summer’s transfer window. Ajax pair Jurrien Timber and Antony have emerged as targets, with the players already tailor-made for the Dutchman’s system. The United hierarchy, meanwhile, would love to land Declan Rice and Harry Kane of West Ham and Tottenham respectively.