Princess Charlene of Monaco spent much of 2021 in South Africa due to an illness that meant she was unable to return home to Monaco. She went without seeing her two children, seven-year-old twins Princess Gabriella and Prince Jacques, as well as her husband Prince Albert for this time, and also missed several public engagements. Over the weekend, Princess Charlene took to social media and posted a photograph of her family, wishing royal fans a “Happy Easter”. Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert Judi James about the family dynamic on display. Judi said: “There appears to be a direct contrast in body language mood here between the quite elegant affection from Charlene and her daughter and the rather rigid awkwardness of Albert and his son. “Charlene has never really looked very camera-shy throughout her illness and here she greets the lens with an eye-narrowed smile that suggests she is relatively relaxed and comfortable despite looking rather frail. “She wraps one arm around her daughter and looks down to pay her added attention when she speaks,” she added. “Both mother and daughter are mirroring each other in a way that suggests their bonds of closeness and affection still stay strong. READ MORE: 'Harry's expression says it all!' Sussexes body language analysed “Albert part-kneels above his family here, with his posture and his gestures suggesting a desire to signal a sense of support and protection. “He looks awkward though, from his rigid smile to his uncomfortable pose, but he splays his arms in an ‘empty embrace’ umbrella gesture and his chest looks puffed to imply strength. “The right hand doesn’t seem to actually touch his wife but the scope of the arm includes Charlene and the twins. “His left hand rests on his son’s shoulder in a parental gesture of support and encouragement,” the expert suggested. DON'T MISS...Rebel Wilson kickstarted 5.5st weight loss with Mayr Method diet [INSIGHT]Save £240 by switching TV and broadband provider - here's how [TIPS]Gardening: Easiest vegetables to grow for beginner gardeners [VIDEO] The photographs were taken in the palace beside the small family swimming pool. Princess Charlene and the children are sitting on a blanket on the grass, while Prince Albert is kneeling above. Fans flocked to the comments section to send their well-wishes. One said: “Happy Easter dear Princess Charlene. I hope you are recovering now to be able to enjoy your life and family again.” Another added: “Such a beautiful photo of you and your family!” “Happiness and good health, Princess Charlene,” someone else wrote. While a fourth said: “Happy Easter to you too, it is so nice to see you back.” This is the first family portrait since last August and the first photo released since informal poses in the palace courtyard were made in November celebrating Charlene’s return. Days after that portrait, Prince Albert revealed his wife had left to seek medical assistance in a Swiss clinic. Charlene then returned to Monaco in early March continuing her treatment in the principality but has not been seen publicly since. She has also not resumed her official functions.