Homes Under the Hammer viewers saw a couple purchase a terraced house in the suburb of Sprowston in Norwich for £185,500 this week. Presenter Martel Maxwell visited the property and saw several rooms that needed renovating and redecorating, while the garden needed some serious TLC. The new owners spent £6,000 transforming the house, which included adding a new bathroom suite for only £100. Martel was in Norwich, which was voted one of the best places to live in the UK in 2018, to visit a victorian terrace house that was up for auction. The property is only two miles away from the city centre. “The property I’m here to see is an end of terrace, Victorian property, which has three bedrooms and had a guide price of £168,000.” The presenter then headed inside and commented: “Inside, and the very first thing I spot is that we’re in the hallway and I like that sometimes you walk straight into your reception room and there’s just something nice about being separate." Martel noted that the property has a lot of character with original Victorian features. READ MORE: Interior: Decorating styles to increase property value by £10,000 She pointed out how the property has “obvious” signs of damp which needs to get checked out. Martel said: “Underneath the window you’ve got signs of damp. “You’d want to get it checked out, perhaps get a damp specialist involved.” The property guru explained that the house has a lot going for it but is in need of a lot of TLC, especially the downstairs bathroom. The couple explained that they have a passion for renovating houses, as they have 13 years of experience in this field. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: ‘Easiest’ way to remove ‘scuff marks’ from flooring [EXPERT]Weeding tips: How to ‘effectively’ kill weeds for ‘zero cost’ [TIPS]Laundry: How to save on energy bills drying your clothes [COMMENT] This property renovation was a buy-to-let project with an initial budget of £7,000, but the time scale was the most pressing issue. To keep costs down Steve was hoping to do most of the work himself. The pair managed to extensively modernise the property whilst still allowing the period features to shine through. The new kitchen and modern bathroom bring the house up-to-date. The most striking change was made upstairs, where the plans to make an upstairs shower room in the front bedroom cam Remarkably, they’ve managed to bring this project in under budget, spending only £6,000. It’s clear that the couple have a keen eye for bargains as the whole bathroom suite cost them less than £100. Two local property experts delivered their verdict on the refurbishment. One estate agent said: “Very impressed. It’s done to a very good standard. Certainly the addition of having an upstairs bathroom is a really big selling point." The other estate agent said: “I think the standard of finish is very good, a nice modern finish. Buyers are going to love it.” Carol and Steve spent a total of £191,500 on the purchase and upgrade of the house. The local estate agents gave the property a recommended resale price of £250,000 to £260,000. A sale of £250,000 would generate a profit of £58,500 before tax and fees. As the plan is to rent the property out, the agents estimated that the couple could achieve between £800 to £850 per calendar month, which could mean an annual return on their investment of around five percent.