David Beckham, 46, has shared a sweet message to his wife of 23 years, Victoria, as she celebrates her 48th birthday today. The footballer took to Instagram to upload a romantic snap of the loving couple embracing on a beach. David and Victoria could be seen standing in front of a fire pit as they hugged and kissed each other. He penned in view of his 72 million Instagram followers: “Happy Birthday to the most amazing wife, mummy and businesswoman. “Have the most amazing day because you deserve to. “We all love you so much.” READ MORE:A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman reflects on bad weather The football ace then tagged Victoria and their children Brooklyn, Romeo, Cruz and Harper. Thousands took to the comments to wish the former Spice Girl a happy birthday. Manchester United legend Phil Neville shared two love heart emojis, and model Rosemary Ferguson said: “Happpeeeeee birthday.” (sic) Victoria’s sons also posted their own tributes on social media. Newly married Brooklyn, 23, shared a snap of Victoria dancing with his wife, Nicola Peltz Beckham, at a party with the caption: “Happy birthday mum, love u.”(sic) Romeo, 19, posted a photograph of himself enjoying dinner with his parents as Victoria posed with her iconic peace sign which she frequently did in the Spice Girls’ heyday. And 17-year-old Cruz shared a throwback of his mum cradling him when he was a toddler at a Real Madrid match in 2007. He said: “U da best mum, I love you, happy birthday.” DON'T MISSCatherine Zeta-Jones posts pic of husband and kids in family reunion[PICTURES]'Turned up with contracts’ Simon Cowell on Amanda Holden's BGT demands[INSIGHT]Martin Kemp admits he and wife Shirlie have 'empty heart syndrome'[NEWS] He also shared a candid clip on his Story of him singing on karaoke as Victoria danced around him. Victoria told fans that she was feeling “very blessed” after the outpouring of love on her special day. Alongside an adorable clip of Harper, 10, reading her birthday card, the fashion mogul wrote in view of her 29.8 million followers: “Feeling like a very blessed and loved mummy today on my birthday. I love you so much Harper Seven.” Within half an hour more than 600 of Victoria’s friends and followers took to the comments to share their well-wishes. Model Isabela Grutman said: “Ahhh that’s so sweet and so true!! You are the best mommy.” User Michelle echoed: “How adorable and big happy birthday beautiful.” And Kiran added: “So sweet! Happy bday Victoria.”