Paulo Dybala will not get the wage demands he wants at his next club, according to Italian football journalist Giancarlo Padovan. Dybala is set to leave Juventus at the end of the season on a free transfer. The Argentine's contract in Turin expires in the summer. Padovan says Arsenal and Tottenham are two of the clubs interested in signing the forward. Padovan claims Dybala wants around £8.4million (€10m) a year from his next club in wages. Atletico Madrid and Inter Milan are also said to be potential options for the 28-year-old. But Padovan says Dybala will have to lower his demands at whichever club he chooses to join. “He is a proud player, not depressed,” he told Sky Italia, relayed by CalcioNapoli1926. READ MORE: Jamie Redknapp names five players Man Utd must let go this summer  “He knows that besides Juventus there are many important teams, he knows that he can go to Atletico or stay in Italy, at Inter. In England, there are Arsenal or Tottenham: in short, he will not remain unemployed. “I don’t think he will earn the 10 million euros a year he is asking for, but he wants to prove that Juve was wrong not to confirm him.” Juve take on Inter at the Allianz Stadium on Sunday evening. But despite reported interest from the opponents, Juve boss Massimiliano Allegri says Dybala will feature. Allegri said: "Tomorrow Dybala will play, so you're all happy and you can write headlines about it. "I haven't missed you during this break, I haven't seen you in 20 days! With the club we are in line with everything, when we talk I explain my ideas and then at the end we always find a unity of intent to plan. We all make our choices together." DON'T MISSGary Lineker threatens to block Match of the Day Twitter account over Man Utd post [SOCIAL]Newcastle plotting Arnaut Danjuma swap transfer with Miguel Almiron [GOSSIP]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has four glaring problems to solve after Brentford loss [COMMENT]  Tottenham were linked with Dybala last summer. He did not play under Spurs boss Antonio Conte during the Italian's time in charge at Juventus, moving to Turin a year after his departure in 2015. However, Spurs managing director of football Fabio Paratici was the man to take Dybala to Juventus from Palermo when he held a similar role with the Serie A giants. Tottenham have long wanted to sign a forward who can fill in for Harry Kane if he were to be absent, as well as bolster the frontline when he is available. Arsenal, meanwhile, are in the market for a striker themselves. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are both out of contract in the summer. Lacazette has scored just four Premier League goals all season, with Nketiah yet to find the net in the league. Dybala has eight goals and five assists in 21 Serie A outings. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 