Max Verstappen was forced to retire from the Australian Grand Prix with just a handful of laps remaining after his car caught fire. Verstappen was told to switch off his engine on lap 39 while hunting down Charles Leclerc for the race lead. Moments before he broke down, Verstappen claimed he could smell "weird fluid”. Flames broke out on the rear of the Dutchman's car and he quickly summoned marshals to extinguish the fire after jumping out of his car, Sergio Perez was quick to get on the team radio to check out what the issue was in fear it could happen to his car. However, the Mexican's engineer insisted he should not to worry suggesting the issue was isolated on Verstappen’s car. Speaking on Sky Sports F1, Ted Kravitz claimed the team may not find out what happened to the car for at least a few days. He said: “I have been asking the question as to what exactly happened to Max Verstappen’s car at Red Bull. We know there were liquids emitted which weren’t meant to be emitted. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton disagrees with Max Verstappen over late rule change      "Max said the car effectively had a moment to himself and then he was told to shut it off. Beyond that they can’t really say, it's too early. They say they need to pull the car to pieces. “It might not be until the car arrives back at the Milton Keynes factory, probably on Thursday when they know fully exactly which bit of the car let go of its senses.” DON'T MISSVettel questions FIA over Verstappen after Australian GP fine [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton complains about Max Verstappen over team radio [ANALYSIS]Hamilton and Verstappen agree with Audi and Porsche ready for F1 entry [COMMENT] The Dutchman had less than 20 laps to go as the team threw away at least 18 points. It's Verstappen’s second retirement of the season following on from a mechanical issue in Bahrain. On that occasion, Red Bull suffered a double retirement with Perez stopping a couple of minutes later. The issue was blamed for a fuel pump failure on a standard part. Ferrari's Carlos Sainz also retired from the Australian Grand Prix after spinning out at turn nine and ten in the first few laps. It means the drivers sitting second and thrid in the standings heading into the race both failed to score any points. Sebastian Vettel also retired after crashing out in what has been a dismal weekend for the German.