Chelsea winger Kai Havertz has been blasted for an outrageous dive in the first-half of his side's FA Cup semi-final with Crystal Palace. And Sky Sports pundit Jamie O'Hara went as far as to say the German should have been sent off rather than only booked for the blatant simulation. Palace and Chelsea went in 0-0 at half-time at Wembley following an even first-half in which neither side managed to create much in the way of clear-cut chances. On 39 minutes, Havertz attempted to burst into the box, but went down on the edge after Marc Guehi stuck out a leg. Although the Blues fans appealed for a penalty, referee Anthony Taylor instead showed a yellow card to Havertz, much to the joy of the Eagles faithful. And replays showed it was the correct decision, with the 22-year-old nowhere near making contact with Guehi. The dive prompted fury from ex-Tottenham midfielder O'Hara in the Sky Sports studio, who blasted: "Timo Werner does really well out on the left, and he slips the ball in to Havertz. His first touch is absolutely brilliant to take it past the defender, but as he goes past him it looks like he's fouled right on the edge of the box. "He's looking for a penalty. The referee books him for diving, and watching it back Havertz has dived. It's a shocking dive as well, and there's absolutely no place for it in the game. He's got a booking for it, but the Crystal Palace players are going crazy. "That, for me, is such bad simulation. It's not what you want to see in the game, especially at the highest level in a big moment. It's actually stupid from him, because his first touch takes him past the defender and he's in. He could get a shot off, or he's one-on-one with the goalkeeper. "Shocking from him. I hate to see it in the game, and we need to get it out as soon as possible. I would have sent him off." The majority appeared to be in agreement with O'Hara. Clinton Morrison even joked on BBC Five Live: "That's the biggest dive ever! He's better than Tom Daley!" The result of the semi-final is still very much in the air, and Palace will be hoping they can cause a big shock and progress to the final to face Liverpool.