The Austrian Football Association have issued a statement denying that a secret meeting took place with Ralf Rangnick in Manchester on Monday. Vienna-based newspaper Kurier had reported that Austria's sporting director Peter Schottel had flown to the North West of England at the start of the week to discuss potential terms with Rangnick, in a bid to entice him into a new managerial role.  Das Team are on the lookout for a new boss after Franco Foda decided to step down following the 2-2 friendly draw with Scotland last week. Austria were beaten 2-1 by Wales in Cardiff in their World Cup qualification play-off semi-final, courtesy of Gareth Bale's stunning double. Rangnick has since supposedly made his way towards the top of Austria's shortlist, although he is set to move upstairs at Old Trafford this summer into a new consultancy role with United. However, Austria have now moved to deny speculation linking Rangnick with the vacant managerial hot-seat in a bid to set the record straight. READ MORE: Man Utd watch Darwin Nunez rough up Virgil van Dijk as Liverpool battle past Benfica "There was no meeting between OFB sports director Peter Schottel and Ralf Rangnick, coach of Man United," Austria said on Twitter. It's claimed Rangnick will only have to work around six days per month in his new consultancy role. That could potentially provide him with leverage to take on an international job alongside his position with United - providing he had the club's approval. Rangnick's stock remains high in Austrian football from his time working as RB Salzburg's sporting director. United feel he still has an important part to play in the coming years at Old Trafford. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'issued Man Utd transfer ultimatum' involving Ralf Rangnick during interviewTottenham 'reconsider Lautaro Martinez' transfer after agreeing £60m deal last summerMan Utd have interviewed 'mystery boss' battling Erik ten Hag and Pochettino for job As part of his new responsibilities, Rangnick will be tasked with helping the club improve their recruitment record in the transfer market. The club's new manager will work in close correspondence with Rangnick, football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher. Rangnick is believed to be lobbying for Ajax boss Erik ten Hag to become United's new manager. The 52-year-old Dutchman has already reportedly discussed the prospect of working alongside Rangnick on the club's new signings, should he be successful in his quest to edge Mauricio Pochettino to the opening. United have offered Rangnick a further two seasons in the consultancy role, which he is still expected to take up at the end of the season.