George Ford, 75, owes more than £1,400 to energy firms and has no idea how he will afford the rises in fuel. The pensioner, who has heart problems, admitted he sits in the dark and can't get warm as temperatures plunged to freezing on the weekend. "I sit here until about 10pm with no light on. I make a flask of coffee or tea to last me all the time so I'm not using so much but my bills never seem to go down, I can't afford it," George said today. I know the things I suffer, COPD, heart trouble, I've got no feeling in my hands or my legs, I don't think I'm going to be alive by Christmas because I can't afford to keep myself warm. "I feel sorry for a lot of pensioners round here, It is going to hit them very much. It is going to hit the foodbanks more. I'll be honest, I just feel like dying." Speaking to GB News, the pensioner said he’s lost nearly two stone in a month. Despite his own struggles, George still volunteers at the Beannie Street Foodbank in Hull and says he feels sorry for other pensioners hit by the rise in energy prices. He won't accept anything from the food bank though, reports Hull Live. George continued: "I won't take anything from the foodbank because there's families that need it, there's children that need it more than I do." Charities have warned 2.5 million households are set to fall into "fuel stress" as domestic energy bills surge upwards. Robbie Keane, founder of the Beannie Street Foodbank, said: "We are seeing an awfully big increase in pensioners using the foodbank and we are very worried. These pensioners are very worried and scared. "We have seen an increase in people who have never used a foodbank before. It is up by around 30-50 per cent. "The prices going up at supermarkets is very scary. There is also a lot of people in work poverty and that is creeping up as well and that has really risen in the last two to three weeks."   Citizens Advice believes around five million people would be unable to pay their energy bills from April, even accounting for the support the Government has already announced. With energy prices set to increase again in October, this number is expected to triple as 14 million are forecast to be unable to pay energy bills. As a 54 per cent increase to Ofgem’s price cap hit bills, the Resolution Foundation think tank said the number of English households in fuel stress – those spending at least 10 per cent of their total budgets on energy bills – will double overnight from 2.5 to five million. The foundation’s senior economist Jonathan Marshall said: "Today’s energy price cap rise will see the number of households experiencing fuel stress double to five million. Another increase in energy bills this autumn hastens the need for more immediate support, as well as a clear, long-term strategy for improving home insulation, ramping up renewable and nuclear electricity generation, and reforming energy markets so that families’ energy bills are less dependent on global gas prices." 