Bear (played by Joshua Richards) has been a supporting character in the main storylines on Emmerdale recently and he hasn't had his own in quite some time. However, it seems writers for the ITV soap are throwing him back into the thick of the action in next week's episodes as he becomes a prominent player in helping Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry) look after Marlon (Mark Charnock), who has returned home after suffering a stroke earlier this year. Unfortunately, the beloved character will find himself back in the hospital and receives a heartbreaking diagnosis, one which Bear thinks could have been avoided and this could lead him to reconsider his future in the village. The drama begins as Rhona decides to return to work at the vet's surgery, letting some other friends and family look after Marlon. Having been away from the role for a couple of months, it seems not everything is going to plan and Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) realises Rhona might have come back to work too early. With the day going from bad to worse, Marlon is also having a tough time as he has been nursing a cough for a week or so. As the cough gets more stifling, Rhona wants to stay at home but she is determined to get her focus back on work and making sure she gets a good job done. Nervous to leave her partner on her own, she is somewhat relieved when Bear steps in and says he will take Marlon to the allotment. READ MORE: Jane McDonald forced to explain awkward wardrobe mishap This is the first trip Marlon will have taken outside of the house or the hospital since suffering his stroke so it is a big deal. Unfortunately, it seems the outdoor air plays havoc on Marlon's chest and it's not long before Liam Cavanagh (Johnny McPherson) suggests he goes to the hospital. Bear is left horrified with his plans turning into a nightmare and he begins to feel guilty over Marlon's apparent setback. It is up to Paddy Kirk's (Dominic Brunt) father to explain to Rhona what's happened and she quickly darts to the hospital. She is particularly angry with her mother, Mary Goskirk (Louise Jameson) for letting Bear take Marlon out for the day. It's not too long before Rhona is given her partner's diagnosis as the doctors tell her Marlon has aspiration pneumonia. In order to help him, he is told to wear a breathing mask as the medical professionals are concerned his cough is getting worse. Although he can't communicate, Marlon knows from the concern in Rhona's eyes everything is not well and this is going to set him back. Their worst fears are concerned when the next day, the doctors tell the couple the rehabilitation progress is going to regress. Having made leaps and bounds over the last couple of weeks, Marlon will feel he is back at square one and will have to stay in the hospital for the foreseeable future. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Malandra Burrows admits 'heartbreak' over cancer diagnosis [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker bids sad farewell to co-star Paige Sandhu [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Katie Hill told to go back home by bosses after blunder [COMMENT] Back in the village, Paddy is horrified to hear his father Bear blaming himself for Marlon's predicament and it seems he can't be convinced otherwise. Having been taking a backseat from the drama for the past few months, this could be the beginning of the end for Bear. He could decide he is getting under people's feet and anything he does leads to more chaos and heartache for his loved ones. Ultimately, he will tell his son the time has come for him to leave the village and to start a new chapter of his life. Paddy could learn his father is going to be taking part in a wrestling tour around Europe and this will mean he is on the road for the next year, at least. Although he doesn't want his father to blame himself for Marlon's diagnosis, Paddy will know he does have a passion for wrestling and therefore he could give his blessing for Bear to leave. Having built up a connection with his birth father over the past couple of years, Paddy will be devastated to see him go. One of his last scenes could be paying a visit to Marlon in the hospital to apologise for the position he thinks he's put him in. Both Marlon and Rhona could agree it wasn't his fault at all and he was only trying to do his best to lift the chef's spirits. They could tell him they don't blame him at all for what happened and they will be pleased he is getting back into wrestling. The actor who plays Bear, Joshua, spoke out about getting the role in 2019 and explained there was a special reason he auditioned to be Paddy's father. Joshua said: "My mum Jean was an ardent fan. We watched it when it was Emmerdale Farm and she would have been over the moon that I was doing it but we lost her last year. "It’s really sad that she couldn’t be around to watch me in it. She didn’t know I got the part. I just thought, if only my mum was here to see this.” Discussing being a character on the show, he added: "It’s my first soap and I love it. It’s not as daunting as I thought it would be. Everyone is so friendly. "The learning curve is quicker. I’m used to doing large roles in the theatre where you have a long time to learn it." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.