Emmerdale star Zoe Henry has broken her social media silence by sharing an update about what she's been up to with her fellow ITV co-star and husband Jeff Hordley. The star, who plays Rhona Goskirk on the hit ITV soap, gave her fans an insight into her weekend with Jeff, who plays Cain Dingle on the show. In view of her 105,400 followers, Zoe shared what she had been up to with her husband. She wrote: "It’s been a while... excellent morning with @HordleyJeff. "Getting ready for a great growing season," she added with a green heart and fingers crossed emojis. The star shared a stunning snap of their allotment on a sunny day. READ MORE: Michael Douglas 'broke down in tears' as Debra Winger BIT him Zoe's post comes a month after she shared that her husband of 19 years Jeff had been managing their family life at home with their two children, pets and allotment. Appearing on Lorraine in March, gave an insight into her relationship with Jesff before admitting that despite not working together on the set of the soap they still practice lines together. Zoe said: "We often do line learning together but, actually, this time, where Jeff's been amazing, is actually taking the weight of what's going on at home." She added that her spouse is currently managing domestic activities before they prepare to swap hectic filming schedules. Zoe went on: "Obviously we've got two kids, two dogs, we've got an allotment. "So he's just managing that and he's about to get busy as I quieten down, so we'll swap the baton there." Following Zoe's tweet, her fans were quick to take to the comments to tell how they were happy to see her active on the social media platform again. @simplysarah_20 wrote: "So happy to see your name popping up on my Timeline again, seems like you had a wonderful morning." DON'T MISS... Karen Hauer and Luba Mushtuk stun in bikinis as they shower together [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson in U-turn on George Clooney's 'loony' wife Amal [ANALYSIS]Ulrika Jonsson says she knows 'how Helen Skelton feels' after split [UPDATE] @TravisFamilyAdv penned: "Aww welcome back. Love seeing your posts. "Your land looks fantastic nice and green. Your storyline in emmerdale is so good. "It must be draining to act for you all. Can't wait to see what you're growing," they added. Zoe and Jeff have been married since 2003. They share two children together, daughter Violet and son, Stan. Jeff was cast as Cain Dingle on Emmerdale in 2003, before having a short break from the show between 2006 and 2009. Zoe has had a permanent role in the show since early 2010. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.