Motorists are frustrated with owners of electric vehicles (EV) who say they are finding it harder to locate charging points for their cars, especially if they don’t have home chargers installed. Some have even compared it to “like buying peanut brittle when you have no teeth”. Express.co.uk this week reported on one frustrated EV driver who is angry with his local supermarket over a broken electric car charger which has seen him miss family events because of a lack of charge. Lewis Fox, a teacher in Gillingham in Kent, said the decision to go green had disrupted his life because the BP Pulse chargers at his nearest supermarket are constantly out of order. The 22-year-old said while he did not regret swapping his old diesel for a £21,000 electric VW Golf, getting it topped up had proved a "nightmare". But readers flocked to the site to voice their annoyance and had little sympathy for his plight. READ MORE: Switching to EVs could make drivers £720 worse off One commenter, ‘No one important’ wrote: “If he has an electric car then he should have obtained the means to charge it. “The supermarket offers a facility but is not obliged to do so. His own fault, not theirs.” And ‘Woodie 23’ agreed, saying: “Typical self entitled whinger. Not the supermarket's problems. Should have thought it through before buying the car.” ‘Tbr147’ added: “It's a bit like buying a mobile phone without buying a charger, why would you?” DON'T MISS DVSA issues MOT warning to save drivers from fine [REVEAL] Fuel shortages: Who has diesel near me? [INSIGHT] 'Extreme' petrol and diesel prices break records as drivers warned [SHOCKING] Some used the comment section to pledge that they wouldn’t be following suit and buying an EV, with ‘etypecarrot’ writing: “I get range anxiety just thinking about electric cars; no way am I going to put myself through the misery of buying one. “Remember the agony a few months ago when we had petrol shortages - just imagine that feeling every day. It's a hard pass from me.” While ‘Djrh1’ said of the unfortunate driver: “He can't charge this car but has no regrets about buying it. “This proves what I have believed for years, some people need psychiatric help.” ‘Minionbob’ added: “Bought an electric car but no means to charge it at home? You really can’t fix stupid.” 'Ericjackson’ advised: “If you can't recharge at home then wait another 5 - 10 years before buying electric. It will take that long for reliable infrastructure to be installed country wide.” ‘Smksam’ replied: “And then the government will tax it to death. “We were told around 15 years ago that petrol was the devil's juice and we should all do the right thing and switch to diesel, fast forward and now diesel owners are getting shafted.” ‘SJF’ added: “This is the reality of present day EV motoring. A week’s motoring holiday takes 10 days.” However ‘Luckeyduck’ boasted: “I have a Tesla model 3 performance. I use Tesla chargers and in my 44,000 miles driven so far have never had a charging issue but that’s prob why my car costs over 60k.” Most commenters were united in the need for home chargers though, with ‘Shortfinger’ writing “I wouldn't dream of buying an EV unless I could charge it from home.” ‘Hue J’ wrote: “This will happen to a lot of folks that do not have their own driveways and must rely upon charging elsewhere…” And ‘Kat200’ said: “Got what he deserves for virtue signalling and posing green in his electric car.”