With millions of drivers heading away for the long bank holiday weekend there are expected to be some long queues on major routes around the country. Many will be looking for a quick getaway and Simon Calder appeared on GB News this morning to give expert advice. And he suggested getting ahead of the rush if possible, saying: “Get up and leave now.” Calder said that Friday evening had probably seen the worst of the traffic, but that there would be an advantage to setting off as early as possible. He advised host Anne Diamond: “If you can get ahead of the rush from both southeast England, for example, and the West Midlands down to the West Country, that would be really handy. “Otherwise, by about 11am, you're going to find that there's probably really heavy traffic in which case you might want to leave it until five or six o'clock this evening.” READ MORE: Drivers furious over sunglasses rule that can land £5,000 fine He added that not everyone would be keen to get straight on the roads today, saying: “Of course, some people want to make the most of their bank holiday weekend which is perfectly understandable. “Although we have got quite a lot of other bank holidays coming down the track, thanks to Her Majesty's Platinum Jubilee.” Calder also had important advice for anyone travelling by train. He said: “If you're travelling by train around the UK that's going to be a challenge. “Just a friendly reminder that the West Coast mainline, which runs from Scotland from northwest England and from the West Midlands to London Euston - well it's not doing that London Euston once again; it's closed until Tuesday morning." The GB News host reacted with incredulity to the news, asking how Euston could be closed for two bank holidays in succession. Calder replied: “Well... Network Rail, the people who look after the infrastructure, they say a couple of things. “First of all, this was planned years ago, and actually for really big pieces of work. “This is all to do with them. [There's] new track and new signalling in Watford; there's work going on in Wembley as well to speed up journeys and make life better, and [they're trying to reduce] the number of signal failures that you get. “They say, ‘We have to plan these things well in advance, you can't suddenly say, okay, we'll do it Tuesday to Friday instead.' “Even though, of course, since Covid, there has been a collapse in the number of season ticket commuters, and the strongest numbers that you're seeing are weekends, particularly bank holiday weekend, and particularly it's the time when an awful lot of your viewers will be wanting to use the trains to go to see loved ones or to go on a day out or whatever. “And as soon as they turn around and they want to go to London, they can't.” The RAC expects bank holiday Monday to see the largest number of individual leisure journeys, with 3.3 million motorists hitting the road. A further 5.6 million will be taken on Saturday and Sunday with drivers planning on taking an additional 5.6 million trips at some point between today and Monday. The impact of high petrol and diesel prices, however, looks certain to have an impact on just how big a “May Day getaway” it will be. Around 14 percent of motorists say they're not planning a leisure trip this weekend specifically because of fuel prices. This has risen dramatically since Easter when only six percent of drivers said they would avoid a leisure trip over the extended weekend. The RAC said this indicates how the cost-of-living crisis is starting to have an impact on how people spend their leisure time. 