Hollywood legend Bruce Willis shocked the world recently when he announced his retirement from acting. Willis, who is best known for starring in the iconic Die Hard franchise, decided to call time on his career in the wake of his aphasia diagnosis. In doing so, the actor has put the condition on everyone's radar, raising crucial awareness. To understand more about the condition, Express.co.uk spoke to Doctor Stuart Sanders, GP at The London General Practice. “Aphasia is a neurological/brain condition in which the sufferer is unable to express or understand words," he explained. According to the doc, this can apply to isolated words or names and it is normal for many of us to have occasional aphasia when we search for a name or don't recognise someone. "As we age, this becomes more common and is part of the ageing process." READ MORE: What is wrong with Bruce Willis? Aphasia explained - main symptoms and condition in full However, "when it leads to embarrassment to more serious situations where the sufferer is unable to construct or understand a sentence; this, of course can be devastating", the doc said. In Bruce Willis’ case, speech is the most important attribute required by an actor. "Therefore, it would impair his ability to deliver a script or, more seriously, talk ad lib," Doctor Sanders said. According to Doctor Sanders, the usual cause of aphasia is brain damage in isolated parts of the brain which control language and speech, usually as a consequence of arterial blockage leading to mini strokes. DON'T MISSDiabetes: Cutting down on coffee could raise risk [ADVICE]Bowel cancer: Air bubbles in urine could be a sign [TIPS]Dwayne Johnson health: Star was left 'crying' due to depression [INSIGHT] "The cause is relevant when considering aphasia risk factors," said Doctor Sanders. He explained: "The part of the brain which controls speech is a small area at the front of the dominant hemisphere called Broca’s area, named after the doctor who first described it." So, "anything which damages this part of the brain can cause aphasia". According to the doc, this can be an invasion by a tumour which was previously not causing symptoms, a so-called "silent" tumour. He continued: "Then there is brain injury due to trauma. Dementia or infection may be a cause, in these cases aphasia would not happen in isolation." Finally, Doctor Sanders added, consider vascular events, haemorrhage or a blood clot blocking a small artery. "Here risk factors play a large part: hypertension, diminished blood coagulation, atheroma (artery narrowing), vasculitis (inflammation of a blood vessel)." The doc's takeaway message? "These are important risk factors because they are a cause of aphasia which can be prevented or treated.” Since Bruce Willis announced his aphasia diagnosis, Chris Ellison, who is best known for his role as DCI Frank Burnside in the ITV police series The Bill, has gone public about his own diagnosis. The actor's life took a dramatic turn 18 months ago when he was diagnosed with aphasia following a stroke. Accompanied by his wife Anita, Chris went on ITV's Good Morning Britain to provide insight into his own battle with aphasia and how it has rocked both of their lives over the last 18 months. Anita explained how Chris would often "feel embarrassed and would grab my arm because he couldn't speak". She continued: "We have been like hermits really. Haven't gone out at all."