A fearsome Old Firm derby between Rangers and Celtic was brought to a halt on Sunday before the second half got underway. Celtic goalkeeper Joe Hart complained to the referee as the former England international pointed out what appeared to be broken glass in his penalty box. A tense day was quickly propelled into top gear at Ibrox when Aaron Ramsey fired in to give the hosts the lead within three minutes. Tom Rogic then pounced on a rebound to bring Celtic level, however, and Cameron Carter-Vickers finished well before half time to spark bedlam in the away end. The second half was delayed from getting underway as Hart called the referee and brought attention to broken glass in his penalty area. The action was put on hold for several minutes while it was cleared as many respected figures commented with disgust on the incident, which threatens to tarnish the latest edition of Scottish football's flagship fixture. JUST IN: Arsenal on alert as Leicester 'consider selling James Maddison' to raise transfer funds  Former Hoops striker Chris Sutton ranted on social media: "Absolute scumbags throwing glass bottles on to the pitch. How low can some people go. This is how this game will be remembered now." On co-commentary duties for Sky Sports, former Celtic and Scotland striker Andy Walker added: "A broken bottle on the field of play? Absolutely outrageous. This is shameful." DON'T MISS...Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'did not have high expectations' before Brentford lossGary Lineker pays tribute to Christian Eriksen after Brentford star scores against ChelseaLiverpool hero Jamie Carragher picks out two stars after win over Watford  As the action got back underway it seemed as though the temporary stoppage did little to alter the hostile atmosphere in Glasgow. When Celtic youngster Jota trotted over to take a corner from the left side, more objects appeared to be hurled in his direction which prompted further calls to the referee. Sunday's encounter came with high stakes not just in terms of fan bragging rights, but serious ramifications for the league table too. Rangers and Celtic went into the clash split by three points as the visitors' 2-1 win gave them a healthy six-point buffer at the top.  It remains to be seen whether further action will be taken as the two sides are set to meet again in the Scottish Cup semi-final later this month. A third clash could also be on the cards in April as part of the Scottish Premiership's post-split fixtures. Rangers hero Ally McCoist was amongst those to denounce the broken glass incident on Sunday, describing it as an act of 'gross stupidity'. 