Jurgen Klopp has been given some advice on how to prevent Manchester City waltzing through his backline like they did last weekend. Jamie Redknapp believes Liverpool's high line is a "killer" against Pep Guardiola's lethal side. Redknapp has some advice for Klopp ahead of Liverpool's FA Cup tie against City this afternoon. Whether the German coach takes it onboard is another matter as he is dedicated to playing his style of football no matter the opponent. The Reds still have hope that they can clinch an unprecedented quadruple as they remain in all three remaining competitions with weeks left in the season. They have already won the Carabao Cup after beating Chelsea on penalties. Their victory over Benfica puts them in the semi-finals of the Champions League while they are just a point behind City in the Premier League while they meet their top-tier rivals in the FA Cup this afternoon. The winner will face either Chelsea of Crystal Palace at Wembley in the final. And Liverpool will fancy their chances against the lot and that is thanks to Klopp and his tactics that demand 100 per cent from every single one of his players. His dedication to attacking football has sometimes left his backline in danger, as evident against City last week in their entertaining 2-2 draw. At times, it looked like City were going to rip them apart but the Reds kept up and evenly matched them going forward. But Redknapp believes repeating his tactics will kill their chances of victory at Wembley this afternoon. He said last week after the draw at the Etihad: "Both sides stood by their philosophies. "The high line of Liverpool should come with a Government health warning — I bet there were more than a few fans in Merseyside who were nervous seeing all of that space in behind their back four. "Liverpool are so good at playing that way but when you’re facing forwards as rapid and relentless as City’s, it can be a killer. Raheem Sterling thought he had got the winner but his shoulder was just behind. "Klopp will probably tell us that’s an example of his system working to perfection — the defence held its line and Sterling was off. But my word, it can be nervy to watch." Meanwhile, Klopp has insisted he will go all-out in his attempts to beat City while treating every game like a must-win match. He said: "We have to treat it like a final. "In an ideal world we will have 12 games. That means all of these we treat like finals. That’s how we have approached it since January, since we started this little mission. "It’s the only way to get to the final and we actually want to go there. We will try to play really good football."