Car SOS has been airing on National Geographic and the escapist series sees Tim Shaw and Fuzz Townshend bring smiles to those who are in need of support. The emotional TV series follows the team of professionals as they create dream cars for people with inspirational stories. Tim and Fuzz are renowned for roping A-list celebrities in for a good cause, including film star Roger Moore. The car restoration show is full of emotional moments as the experts help bring joy back into people's lives. Often, the guests are dealing with heartbreaking personal battles, whether it be with their health, or having suffered a huge family loss. Despite this, the team knows how to bring an extra element of joy to the workshop, and James Bond actor Roger Moore was quite the prankster himself. The actor died in 2017, aged 89, but Tim was lucky enough to have met him the year before. The actor featured on a 2016 episode of Car SOS and there was one moment behind the scenes that remains unforgettable. READ MORE: Car SOS stars open up on 'worst' project ever completed 'Got it wrong' Tim explained to Express.co.uk how the legendary actor was his favourite celebrity guest. He said: "On the day we were filming with him the production guys were terrified because this was James Bond. "I went straight up to him and said 'Hi, how are you doing?' "We were chatting and I said 'The guys over there are terrified.' "He said 'Oh right, well let's do a trick on them.'" Moore said he and Shaw would stage a huge argument in front of the crew, during which he would tell Shaw to "eff off". Shaw continued: "We walked into the room where all the production guys were with the camera, kicked off this big argument and he was going 'Don't talk to me like that again, you can eff off.' "Then Roger died laughing, pointed at everyone and said 'Ah, got you.' "It broke the ice in such a brilliant way and I fell in love with the guy right there. "I thought, you are such a legend, you so get it." DON'T MISS... CAR SOS hosts understand ‘strong responsibility’ of car restorations [INSIGHT] Car SOS host says E10 will do a ‘number of things’ [DISCUSSION] Car SOS host says rubber could be ‘affected’ by E10 changes [INSIGHT] The Car SOS host said he was the last person to interview Moore before he died. He died in Switzerland in May 2017, from cancer in his lung and liver. Shaw said the star was full of surprises, saying he signed his forehead and took a photo. He explained: "[Moore] rang my agent and said 'Can I use this photo in my book?' "He sadly passed away and his book never came out." Moore was the third actor to portray secret agent James Bond and starred in seven feature films between 1973 and 1985. He is also remembered for playing Simon Templar, the title character in the mystery thriller series The Saint. Other famous faces to have featured on the show include David Beckham and Sir Paul McCartney. Emmerdale actress Natalie J Robb also makes an appearance this season. Car SOS airs on Thursdays on National Geographic at 8pm