Located off the south coast of England, the Isle of Wight is truly a sight to behold. The island is known for its beaches which include the sandy Shanklin Beach, the south-facing Ventnor Beach and the impressive Compton Bay and Yaverland Beach which are home to fossils and dinosaur remains. The Isle of Wight is probably most known for The Needles which are a row of white chalk rocks that rise 30 metres from the sea. The Needles are a landmark attraction and are guarded by a 19th-century lighthouse. The island also has 500 miles of public footpaths, which is perfect for outdoorsy types, and more sunshine than most of the UK. The region has plenty of attractions for children, a plethora of eateries and is small enough that residents can get anywhere within 25 minutes of the centre of the island. While moving to an island may sound daunting, residents will rarely need to visit the mainland as there are large supermarkets, schools, dentists, cinemas and a bowling alley already on the island. Before moving to the Isle of Wight, buyers need to think about the cost of living. Living on an island does mean items have to be shipped across by ferry which can mean groceries and other items are more expensive. Getting to and from the island can also be expensive, especially for those who drive, however, islanders never have to travel far to reach the seaside. There are plenty of schools on the island including a college, independent schools, junior and secondary schools. The majority of the schools have been rated “Good” by Ofsted. READ MORE: How to keep cut flowers fresh with just white vinegar and sugar The Isle of Wight has plenty of new-build homes and period properties available for buyers There are generally more Victorian homes across the island and many homes offer either rural or sea views - or both. The average house price on the Isle of Wight over the last 12 months is £316,000, according to OnTheMarket. Express.co.uk, in partnership with OnTheMarket, has found three properties for potential buyers. This includes a home worth more than £1million, a house with renovation potential and a property worth the average asking price in the area. Property: Six bedroom detached house for sale Location: Norton, Isle of Wight Price: £1,569,000 Marketed by: Spence Willard, Yarmouth, via OnTheMarket. This property comes with an interesting history as well as beautiful period features, extensive gardens and a turret. The detached home was constructed for the Pearson naval family in around 1780 when it originally had a thatched roof. Named Westhill House, the property includes both rural and coastal views which can be viewed from the home’s octagonal turret with 360-degree windows. The family home includes five bathrooms, a large driveway, bay windows, a veranda canopy, high ceilings, a cantilever staircase and a separate annex. DON'T MISSWeeds: Use baking soda to quickly get rid of ‘stubborn’ patio weeds [INSIGHT]How to clean your patio without a pressure washer [UPDATE]Monty Don's three jobs for the weekend - including pruning hydrangeas [ANALYSIS] The annex has its own full-sized kitchen and could be used as guest accommodation, a holiday let or as a place to pursue a hobby. The property has been well-decorated throughout with a homely, rustic feel. Some of the most impressive features of the property include a galleried landing, a gym, woodland and access to Fort Victoria beach via a path. There are five double ensuite bedrooms, and a master bedroom with a fitted dressing room, balcony to the gardens and bathroom. Property: Four bedroom townhouse Location: South Street, Newport Price: £250,000 Marketed by: Susan Payne Property, Wootton, via OnTheMarket. This home offers the perfect opportunity for a first time buyer, investor or buyer to add their own stamp to a period home. The property is Grade II listed and Georgian with plenty of original period features and quirks. Sash windows, cherubs overlooking the street, timber mouldings, wood panelling and three winding staircases are just some of the gorgeous features on offer. There is plenty of opportunity for a buyer to both upgrade and reconfigure the property with both attic space and storage area offering more potential. The chain-free property has four double bedrooms, two bathrooms, a private, enclosed garden, gas central heating and a central location. Set in the heart of Newport town, the home is perfectly positioned for those who enjoy the bustle of living in a town. The area has a plethora of shops, eateries, attractions and transport links.  Property: Five bedroom family home Location: Carisbrooke Rd, Newport Price: £325,000 Marketed by: Marvins, Cowes, via OnTheMarket. This property has been described as a “hidden gem” within walking distance of Newport town centre. The gorgeous family home comes double glazed with an open-plan kitchen diner, courtyard garden, two reception rooms, ensuite master bedroom and off-street parking. The kitchen diner is the heart of this home, with plenty of room for family gatherings also on offer in the two reception rooms. The contemporary kitchen includes a plethora of wall and floor units and a breakfast bar which is perfect for those lazy Sunday mornings. One of the bedrooms has a beautiful bay window, providing copious amounts of light. The entire home has been impeccably finished and neutrally decorated. Next week, we will be choosing three properties from in and around Cardiff.