Aldi’s garden Specialbuys are loved by shoppers and the supermarket is bringing back its massive garden event with all-time low prices. The products will be available to pre-order this Sunday and in-stores from 28 April 2022. Aldi’s garden event is coming back and shoppers will finally have the chance to bag some of Aldi’s most popular garden essentials. Perfect for spring, shoppers can save up to 66 percent off rival prices when shopping at Aldi. The garden range includes pizza ovens, dining sets, garden decorations, planters and more. Shoppers can find the range here but hurry – Specialbuys will not be restocked after they sell out. Mark your calendars as the range will be available to pre-order online from 24 April 2022, and in-stores from 28 April 2022. Ideal for hosting outdoor gatherings, highlights from the range include the Gardenline Lounge and Dining Set, which will be only available online. The set includes a corner sofa, two stools, a rising coffee table and is £1,249 cheaper than other designs from rival brands. It can be used as either a relaxing lounging area or a dining set for up to six people and is priced at £649.99. Other standouts from the range include the BBQ Pizza Oven which is perfect for all summertime cooking. Compatible with gas or charcoal, it has a high quality pizza stone, thermometer and is an absolute bargain at £39.99. Stay warm throughout the evening with the Geometric Firepit which also comes with a chrome-plated cooking grill for grilling and barbecuing. Available for £79.99, shoppers will also be keep warm with the Multi-Functional Patio Heater which provides warmth and music with an in-built bluetooth speaker. Get your garden looking ready for spring with planters and Aldi shoppers will be able to buy the Decorative Hanging Baskets, which are perfect for hanging a variety of flowers and plants in. Lovely in every setting, gardeners can also display plants with the Step Planter, which is £26.99, or they can save space with the Rattan Effect Cubed Planter and Rattan Effect Tall Effect Planter. There’s also plenty for kids to enjoy including the Bee & Insect House and Children’s Garden Set, which is bound to provide them with endless fun. All garden Specialbuys will be available here.