Boris Johnson’s former chief negotiator said there has been a “lack of things to talk about” - despite the ongoing dispute over the Northern Ireland Protocol - since the UK’s divorce from the EU. “Occasionally, another issue like fishing or touring performers gets a look in,” he said. “But, generally, it’s actually quite remarkable how smoothly the total reordering of this country’s relations has gone.” Speaking to the Policy Exchange think-tank, Lord Frost admitted the government had forced through the Protocol while planning to “sort out the necessary detail with the EU later”. He repeated his call for it to be torn up – by invoking Article 16, to suspend parts of the treaty if necessary – as the government plots new legislation in next month’s Queen’s Speech. The peer also dismissed warnings that rewriting it unilaterally would damage the UK, because it would be breaking international law, claiming “the Protocol is different” because it was “imposed under duress”. But he conceded that abandoning it “will of course require domestic legislation”, setting up a clash with the House of Lords and Tory rebels in the Commons, if the government presses ahead. Lord Frost - who quit the government last year - also claimed the Protocol is “explicitly temporary”, despite it being an international agreement that the EU has insisted the UK must abide by. And he argued it will be thrown out by the Stormont Assembly in a “consent” vote due in 2024, although that would not, by itself, end the legal obligations entered into. Mr Johnson yesterday told MPs there is “clearly an economic cost” to the protocol, adding it is “now turning into a political problem”. The protocol is aimed at avoiding a hard border with Ireland but has created a series of economic barriers on Irish Sea trade. Speaking at Prime Minister’s Questions, Mr Johnson said: “There is clearly an economic cost to the protocol. “That is also now turning into a political problem and an imbalance in sentiment about it. We need to rectify that balance for the sake of the Good Friday Agreement on which this country depends.” Lord Frost said the Protocol has left the Good Friday Agreement “on life support” and needs to be renegotiated or scrapped. Speaking a week before elections to the Northern Ireland Assembly on May 5, the former chief Brexit negotiator said the protocol had been the only way to deliver Brexit by the time Boris Johnson became Prime Minister in 2019. Accusing the EU of treating his negotiating team as “the supplicant representatives of a renegade province”, Lord Frost said the Government had faced the choice of accepting the protocol or walking away and failing to deliver Brexit. He said: “At that point we would have seen, at best, a second referendum, quite possibly Brexit taken off the agenda for good, and who knows what consequences in our domestic politics.”