The spring has finally arrived and with Easter weekend happening, it’s the perfect chance to book a holiday away with friends or family. Whether you’re planning on enjoying a short staycation or visiting Europe, easyHotel’s latest deal is perfect for getting a bargain holiday. Available online now, easyHotel is offering travellers 15 percent off hotel stays with the Easter offer. The deal is valid on bookings from now until 20 April 2022 and applies to stays from now until 15 May 2022, making it the perfect time to book a spring holiday. However, travellers must be signed up to the free clubBedzzz loyalty scheme here to redeem the deal and it must be used on bookings of two nights or more. The maximum time away the deal can be used for is seven nights, so it’s perfect for a weekend away or a week-long getaway. This is the perfect time to enjoy a sunny holiday and popular destinations in Europe are included in the deal. Travellers can visit Barcelona, Lisbon and more. Prices for hotel bookings start as low as £22.65 per night. Highlights from the offer include stays at the easyHotel Malaga from £26.35 a night. Neil Fidler, Digital Marketing Manager for easyHotel, said: “We know  how important saving is going to be over the next few months, and we’re proud to be able to offer  our customers low-cost, comfortable hotel rooms that don’t stretch their wallets but still enable  them to enjoy travelling.” He added: “With the Easter holidays around the corner, being able spend time with  family and friends without breaking the bank is really important.” Book easyHotel stays here. Please note, dates are subject to availability. Other standout hotels include the easyHotel in Nice, which is located on the French Rivera. Or if you fancy a staycation, great locations include Cardiff, Oxford and more. Here is a list of the hotels included in the deal: Barcelona, Birmingham, Cardiff, Croydon, Glasgow, Ipswich, Leeds, Liverpool, Manchester, Milton Keynes, Newcastle, Nice, Oxford, Old Street, Paris CDG, Sheffield, Reading, Malaga, Victoria, Lisbon, Luton.