Ben Shephard usually presents Tipping Point from 4pm until 5pm on weekdays on ITV and has done so since the quiz show first aired a decade ago. However, the broadcaster occasionally has to pull the show off the channel to make way for football or horse racing coverage. Tipping Point was cancelled on Thursday afternoon as the channel focused on the first day of the Randox Grand National Festival in Aintree. Racing coverage on ITV started at 1.45pm on Thursday and will be running until 5pm which has impacted shows airing before the live sporting event. Loose Women and The Chase have not been affected by the coverage but ITV News was impacted. ITV will be focusing on the racing on Friday between 1.45pm and 5pm so Tipping Point will be off for the remainder of the week. Saturday, which marks the day of the 2022 Grand National, will see ITV dominated by horse racing coverage. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage   The Grand National is being covered between 1pm and 2pm, but racing coverage will air continuously until 6pm. The shake-up comes after Cheltenham Festival aired on ITV last month which meant the likes of Loose Women were taken off air for the four-day event. ITV said of the Grand National coverage: "Ed Chamberlin and Francesca Cumani [are] presenting coverage of the opening day of the meeting from Aintree, featuring five races, including the 2.55 Betway Bowl and 3.30 Aintree Hurdle. "With analysis from AP McCoy, Mick Fitzgerald and Ruby Walsh, reports by Alice Plunkett, Oli Bell, Matt Chapman and Luke Harvey, social stable news with Chris Hughes, betting updates from Brian Gleeson, and commentary by Richard Hoiles."   This year marks the 174th Grand National horse race in the country. Last year's event was won by Minella Times, and jockey Rachael Blackmore is set to race the gelding this weekend. Rachael made history after becoming the first female rider to win the Grand National. Trainer Henry de Bromhead explained: "Rachael will ride Minella Times and he's back showing me all the right signs at home. DON'T MISS...Tipping Point's Ben Shephard praises player's winning tactic [LATEST]Tipping Point fans fume as player's decision to pass round backfires  [MUST SEE]Ben Shephard agonises as Tipping Point player gets timing muddled [UPDATE]  "Now, in saying that, I thought I had him back going into the Leopardstown race as well and he disappointed me, but he definitely seems to be back to himself this time." He told The Racing Post: "[The horse] loved it last year, but he's obviously gone up a good bit in the ratings so it's not going to be easy for him. When asked about his expectations for Saturday, he said: "I'd love to see him come back to form and run his race. "If he ran well and came home in one piece I'd be delighted. Anything else would be a bonus."  For the opening day of the festival, racegoers braved the drizzle and high winds at Aintree Racecourse. It is the first time in two years spectators have been able to attend the event after the coronavirus restricted fans from attending. Princess Anne was among the attendees who appeared delighted to be back at the racecourse on Thursday afternoon. Tipping Point returns Monday at 4pm on ITV. 