Manchester United legend Paul Scholes has called on incoming manager Erik ten Hag to learn from Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta. The Gunners gaffer was labeled a 'disgrace' by Scholes just last weekend after complaining to the referee during a 3-1 win over the Red Devils. With everything agreed and his arrival pencilled in for the summer, talk has already switched to how Erik ten Hag will look to approach the Man Utd hotseat. His project with Ajax presents him as a manager with a long-term vision who could stick around to help rebuild the club's fortunes. Scholes evidently believes that Arteta is similar in that regard. Things have clicked for the Spaniard at times this season after the board toughed out dismal periods due to a belief in his methods, and United's former midfield maestro has urged Ten Hag to sit up and take note. "It's a big job for him, but it would be a big job for anybody," he told talkSPORT, "There's an element of risk with the appointment but that would be the same with any manager. JUST IN: Arsenal ace Martin Odegaard sends Norway team-mate Erling Haaland pointed transfer message "He's done well at Ajax, he's got a good pedigree. But the players have to believe in his methods. It is ten times the job of Ajax, who will always be the biggest club in Netherlands. Manchester United are a worldwide football club. "He will have to take criticism at times, but he has to get this group of players to believe in his methods, and it seems they haven't believed in what was being coached and in the way of playing in the past. If you look at Mikel Arteta at Arsenal, that was a rebuilding job and he took no nonsense. This manager has to do exactly the same." DON'T MISS...Arsenal could pair Gabriel Jesus with '£10m' partner to forge bargain little-and-large duoTottenham chief Levy may have to meet daunting 'demand' to stop Conte leaving for PSGMan Utd's John Murtough 'informs' forgotten star that he has future under Ten Hag In the past, Scholes teased Arsenal for attempting to finish fourth every year and pleaded with United not to fall into a similar pattern. Times have changed since those comments, however, and the Red Devils' Champions League hopes already appear doomed with four games of their season remaining. Fans now smell the danger of dropping into seventh spot, which would see them entered into the UEFA Conference League next season. Many see that as an unwelcome distraction, and would instead prefer United to fall all the way down to eighth and have a clear run at breaking back into the top four under Ten Hag. While Arteta has instilled an identity in north London and put his team on an upward trajectory, one thing he benefitted from was a healthy transfer warchest last summer. Ten Hag will hope for something similar at Old Trafford, and there is already talk that he could have up to £120million to spend on bolstering the squad. Extracting value from those already at the club will also be a high priority for the Red Devils, and their ranks will be trimmed down as numerous out-of-contract stars prepare to take on new challenges. Scholes will hope that a fresh set of eyes will put his former club back on the straight and narrow, and unexpected calls such as the prospective return of Andreas Pereira could help them get there. 