Arsenal can sign both Youri Tielemans and Djed Spence for as little as £37million this summer, reports have claimed. Arsenal are set to be in the market for at least one striker in the next transfer window so will have to be smart with their other targets. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are both out of contract at the end of the season. They could follow Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang out of the door after his departure to Barcelona in January. Arsenal would likely have to reserve a large part of their transfer fund on strengthening their strikeforce. But there are other areas of the pitch they are keen on adding to as well. Central midfield and right-back are positions Mikel Arteta wants to recruit in. And he can fill both of those wishes for just £37m. READ MORE: Arteta admits Folarin Balogun regret as Arsenal boss offers William Saliba verdict  The Telegraph claims Leicester will allow Tielemans to leave this summer for £25m. The Belgian is out of contract at the end of next season. The report says he could stay and see out the final year of his deal if there are no suitors this summer. But Arsenal have been linked with his signature in recent transfer windows. Meanwhile, the Evening Standard says Middlesbrough could sell Spence for as little as £12m. Spence is spending this season on loan at Nottingham Forest and impressed in the FA Cup third round win over Arsenal in January. DON'T MISSNewcastle owners recommended 'superstar signing' to take Eddie Howe's XI up a level [TRANSFERS]Man Utd and Ajax 'have already discussed' Erik ten Hag announcement and compensation fee [REPORT]Bayern told to take 'revenge' on Granovskaia by 'helping themselves' to Havertz [TRANSFERS]  Tottenham are also interested in signing the 21-year-old London-born ace. The report says Spurs have already held talks over a potential deal. Spence could provide competition to Takehiro Tomiyasu if he were to join Arsenal. Tomiyasu had an impressive start to life at Arsenal after joining from Bologna last summer but has been missing through injury since January. Tielemans, meanwhile, could be a replacement for Granit Xhaka if he were to leave the Emirates. Xhaka is again attracting interest from Roma after a move fell through last summer.  Arsenal did not get a single penny for Aubameyang and could lose Lacazette for nothing as well. Therefore they will have to be smart in the market to budget for a top striker. The Gunners spent £150m last summer on six new signings but the arrivals of Tielemans and Spence would account to less than a third of that outlay. If Arsenal were prepared to spend that figure again, they would have plenty left in order to recruit up top. Everton's Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Benfica's Darwin Nunez have both been linked with a move to the Emirates.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here