Despite the economic embargoes issued on Moscow in face of the war on Ukraine, Russia's foreign exchange earnings have stayed strong in the two months of the military conflict. This is mainly due to commodity exports, a new study revealed. The European Union imported about €44bn (£18.5bn) for the past two months, compared with about €140bn for the whole of last year, or roughly €12bn a month. This represents more than two-thirds of the country's revenue. In the first study to examine Russia's fossil energy exports in detail since mid-February, analysts looked into data from shipping and pipeline transports granted by the Statistical Office of the European Union (Eurostat) and the Association of European Transmission System Operators for Gas (ENTSO-G). What the report makes clear, above all, is just how important Germany is for Russia's energy industry. Since the start of the conflict, Berlin has bought €9.1bn worth of Russian fossil fuels, making it the largest buyer worldwide. Some €6.4bn were spent on pipeline gas, €2bn on crude oil, €644million on oil products and €93mn on coal. The new figures are likely to further fuel the discussion about an embargo on Russian energy supplies, which Olaf Scholz's government has dubbed a priority on multiple occasions. On Tuesday, Germany's Climate and Economy Minister Robert Habeck said the country could handle an embargo on Russian oil imports, suggesting it could end its dependence on Moscow within "days". DON'T MISSWorld's most powerful tanks ranked [ANALYSIS]Top weapons as Ukraine fights off Putin’s troops [EXPLAINER]Russia vs NATO: Tanks and subs compared [INSIGHT] Speaking at a press conference in Warsaw, Mr Habeck said reliance on Russian oil had been cut by two-thirds in recent weeks, reducing the share of imports from 35 percent before the conflict to 12 percent now. The remaining Russian share, he said, supplies the Schwedt refinery in eastern Germany, as other sites had already switched to alternative suppliers. Schwedt, which is run by Russia's state-owned Rosneft, supplies the vast majority of the Berlin-Brandenburg capital region with fuel. Mr Habeck vowed that dealing with Schwedt "is the last task that still stands in the way of completely securing the energy supply". He added: "I can already say that an [oil] embargo has become manageable for Germany." Lauri Myllyvirta, lead analyst for CREA, said the money of the West's purchases supported Putin's battle, and the only way to undermine his war machine was to move away from fossil fuels quickly. He said: "Fossil fuel exports are a key enabler of Putin’s regime and many other rogue states. "Continued energy imports are the major gaps in the sanctions imposed on Russia. "Everyone who buys these fossil fuels is complicit in the horrendous violations of international law carried out by the Russian military." Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg