The race for the top four has been blown open this week with Arsenal suffering consecutive defeats to Crystal Palace and Brighton. Questions are now, understandably, being raised about elements of the team, and in particular of striker Alexandre Lacazette. In Saturday’s 2-1 defeat to Brighton, the Frenchman hardly influenced proceedings and he was routinely dealt with by Joel Veltman and Lewis Dunk. But it wasn’t just his goal-scoring threat that was nullified, Lacazette also struggled to link up the attack and be a creative presence. It has been revealed that since Christmas, the former Lyon forward has had just four open play shots on target in 1000 minutes of Premier League football. And although he is often deemed a ‘false nine’ type of forward where his focus is as much on creating as it is goal scoring, it is certainly a worrying stat for manager Mikel Arteta to assess. Buyako Saka and Gabriel Martinelli have often thrived on the wings with Lacazette playing centrally and feeding the ball out wide, but they are becoming less effective due to the predictable nature of their striker’s play. He isn’t the type of forward to drive towards goal nor try and create a yard and shoot, meaning defenders are starting to predict, and read, that the ball will be played out to the flanks shortly after he receives possession. JUST IN: Arsenal boss Arteta appears to blame his own players for 'sloppy' loss Arteta has often praised the work of Lacazette and what he provides to the team, and when Arsenal are playing well it often coincides with the 30-year-old hitting a good run of form. But the fact that he isn’t an out and out goalscorer could be costing the Gunners. Tottenham, who currently occupies the final Champions League spot, are in flying form and scoring for fun – demonstrated by their 4-0 win over Aston Villa on Saturday evening. It has quickly become vital that Arteta asks for more from Lacazette and considers just how pivotal he is to facilitating Saka and Martinelli. After Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang left in January for Barcelona and Folarin Balogun was loaned out to Middlesbrough, Arteta’s options are limited heading into the final stages of the season. However, the Spaniard will feel that now certainly isn’t the time to rue not getting business done in January and instead look for quick fixes to his problems. READ MORE: Ferdinand spills text conversation with Lampard before Everton win With Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah out of contract at the end of the season, Arsenal are expected to be in the market for a striker in the summer. They attempted to sign Dusan Vlahovic in the January transfer market but the Serbian opted to remain in Serie A and joined Juventus from Fiorentina. Arteta’s side have been linked with Benfica’s Darwin Nunez and Everton’s Dominic Calvert-Lewin of late, though other targets are likely to emerge – and the Gunners faithful will be hoping that with the arrival of a new no.9, they will become less reliant on their wingers to provide the goals. However, there is a chance that their long-term striker could already be amongst their ranks. Martinelli has impressed previously whilst playing as a no.9 and if Arteta rolls the dice and decides to rotate his frontline for their trip to St Mary’s next weekend then it could be a good opportunity for the Brazilian to prove his worth in the position. With Emile Smith Rowe and Nicolas Pepe available, the team aren’t short of depth on the left-wing either.