Food prices have increased over the last couple of months, despite supermarkets doing their best to entice customers with offers and deals. One shopper has revealed how she spent just £13 on a weekly shop at Tesco with a money saving tip from Martin Lewis. Martin Lewis is a man on a mission trying to help people save hundreds of pounds. He and his team at moneysavingexpert.com have created the Downshift Challenge in a bid to cut the cost of a food shop by 30 percent a year. The Downshift Challenge is simple, “drop one brand level on everything to see if you can tell the difference”. There are four main brand levels; premium, branded, own brand and value. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Easiest’ way to remove mould from washing machine seals So the next time shoppers go to their local supermarket, swap one of everything to a brand level lower. For example, if you usually buy four cartons of Tesco’s own-brand juice, buy three and one Tesco Everyday Value juice. If shoppers can’t tell the difference between the lower brand level goods, then why pay more? Shopper Alexandra Bullard tried the challenge and “paid less than £15 for a lot of supplies”. DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton re-wears cream Alexander McQueen coat dress [PICTURES]Weight loss: How to burn 3,000 calories without exercising [EXPERT]Lawn care: ‘Easy’ and natural way to get rid of weeds - 'Just 3 steps' [GUIDE]  Stockwell & Co 24 Wheat Biscuits 432G (74p) Tesco 6 Crumpets (25p) The Growers Harvest Long Grain Rice 1KG (45p) Tesco Oat Drink 1L (£1.00) Tesco Squeezy Honey 340G (£1.80) Tesco Coconut Milk 400ml (90p) Tesco Baked Beans in Tomato Sauce 420G (35p) Tesco Clementine Or Sweet Easy Peeler Pack 600G (£1.35) Tesco Vegetable Soup 400G (50p) Growers Harvest Pure Apple Juice 1 Litre (69p) Hearty Food Co. Tomato & Herb Pasta Sauce 440G (39p) Tesco Tuna Chunks In Brine 3X80g (£2.00) Hearty Food Co. Spaghetti Pasta 500G (20p) Tesco Smoked Salmon 120 G (£3.00 Clubcard price) Alexandra explained: “As I eat mostly fresh vegetables and pulses, these are some of the cheapest items on offer. “Tins of tuna and coconut milk cost between 90p and £1.50 depending on the quality, and there's virtually no difference in taste when compared to branded, more expensive, alternatives. “For breakfast items, I always make sure I have my cupboard stocked with cereal such as Weetabix. The Stockwell & Co version looked very depressing in appearance, with their biscuit sizes tiny in comparison. “However, they tasted exactly the same as Weetabix. I couldn't believe I had been paying more for years.” Alexandra was a “huge fan of Warburtons crumpets” and was “apprehensive” to try Tesco’s own brand. But, she was “completely shocked” as she “couldn't tell the difference” - and she saved 70p in the process of swapping. There was one product Alexandra “wasn’t too keen on” and that was Tesco Baked Beans. “I noticed a huge difference when I ate this over my toast for breakfast, and I was horrified at how bland and watery it was. Next time I'll probably stick to Heinz,” Alexandra explained.