Across the world, Muslims are commemorating Ramadan, one of the holiest months in the Islamic calendar. Throughout Ramadan, those who are able fast from dawn to sunset, and a schedule of prayers up to five times a day are adhered to. Ramadan this year began on Saturday, April 2 and lasts through to Monday, May 2. Typically, prayers are said at a mosque, led by an imam, however, some people are still having to isolate due to Covid or want to avoid crowds. This means for many meals to break the fast - Iftars - are held at home, and Friday prayers and Taraweeh cannot take place as usual. The Muslim Council of Britain (MCB) has issued guidance and called on Muslims to be greener this Ramadan. They said: “British Muslims across the UK eagerly await the arrival of the holy month of Ramadan, particularly the prospect of a return of the shared festivities we were used to before the pandemic. Read More: Ramadan 2022: How to wish someone a happy Ramadan “As we look forward to Ramadan, it is important to remain cautious and follow sensible advice on keeping COVID-19 safe. "We must also take steps towards a more sustainable and eco-conscious Ramadan, including ditching single use plastics and adopting greener travel." “Whilst in the midst of a cost-of-living crisis, and with more displaced people fleeing to the UK for sanctuary, British Muslims will undoubtedly continue to embody the spirit of giving synonymous with the holy month; and act in service to those less fortunate." For those unable to attend Mosque or wanting to pray at home, there are guides for how to do so. The Taraweeh are ritual prayers performed by Muslims at night after the Isha prayer during the holy month of Ramadan. Typically the prayers last more than an hour and involve reading one Juz', and usually eight or 10 raka'at. Juz' is one of thirty parts of varying lengths into which the Quran is divided, while a raka'at is a portion of the salat, the prescribed prayers said five times a day. The practice combines a ritual of bows and prostrations with the recitation of prayers. DON'T MISSEnergy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less [INSIGHT]66-year-old woman shares youthful transformation but gives warning [ANALYSIS]Peter & Autumn's body language 'looked pretty besotted' post-split [EXPERT] How to pray Taraweeh at home 1. Pray Isha (four raka’at)2. Pray two raka'at sunnah of Isha3. Set your intention to start praying tarawih/qiyam. Pray the first four rak'at of tarawih (2 raka'at at a time).4. Take a short break.5. Pray the next four raka'at (again, two raka'at at a time).6. Here, you can either end your tarawih and move on to witr, or continue praying.7. Pray witr (either one or three raka'at). Ramadan began on Saturday, April 2 and lasts through to Monday, May 2. As Ramadan ends, Eid al-Fitr begins - known as the festival of breaking the fast. Eid lasts between one day and three days depending on the country. In several countries, Eid is a public holiday, but not in the UK despite several campaigns to make it so. During Eid, Muslims will often purchase new clothes for the occasion, and take part in festivals and celebrations. Many will wake up early to pray at a mosque or outdoor prayer venue. Gifts and cards are often exchanged among friends and family, and lavish meals shared. Often Muslims will donate to charity as part of celebrations.