Grace and Frankie continues to be a Netflix hit and the TV series is returning with the second half of season seven on April 29. In September 2019 it was announced the seventh season would be its last. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about why the series is coming to an end. Grace and Frankie has kept fans smiling since it made its debut in 2015. The series follows two unlikely friends brought together by the love their husbands have for each other. Season seven was interrupted due to the coronavirus pandemic, with production being delayed until June 2021. Now fans are gearing up for the bittersweet moment when the final 12 episodes are released. Co-creator Martha Kaufman spoke out about why the series was ending. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy She told Los Angeles Times: "It was a combination of things. Netflix isn't doing long-term series anymore. And we are really lucky that we got the seventh season. "I think when we started, we imagined seven seasons. "But, really, this is the kind of decision that comes from Netflix. "But as sad as I am that it’s ending, there’s something that makes sense about it." The cast were heartbroken to hear the series would be coming to an end. However, they paid tribute to the show for providing a platform to tackle specific issues. The title characters are played by Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin. Fonda took to Instagram to thank the show's loyal fans ahead of the final episodes. She said: "I’m writing to thank you for your support of the show over the years. DON'T MISS... Jennie Bond details why royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew [INSIGHT] Lily Tomlin health: Star, 82, on her battle with osteoarthritis [INTERVIEW] Jane Fonda is ‘big fan of vibrators’ after Grace and Frankie storyline [INSIGHT] "I’ve heard about the binge-watch parties, grandkids watching with grandparents, the Halloween G&F costumes that fans have sent pictures of and all the fan-created G&F merch and GIF’s. "Lily and I have been buoyed by the heartfelt appreciation from our older fans who’ve told us they felt seen on the small screen in ways they had not experienced before (I mean, seniors and vibrators, who would have thought!) "Most profoundly, Lily and I will never forget the stories we’ve been told about women who were losing hope following a tragedy but found hope again when friends or family suggested they watch G&F. "Hope is needed now like never before and I’m deeply gratified that our show helped spread some around." The pair recently spoke out about just getting started despite the long-running series ending. Speaking to Vulture, Jane said they had made "two movies together". She added: "I think it’s never happened before, actually — that two actors have spent seven years doing a series together and then, wow, a movie, and, wow, another movie together." Lily said "it was time" for the series to come to an end. She added: "Things have their life and then things come to replace it."  Grace and Frankie season 7 airs on Netflix.