Kate Middleton’s Tory Burch 'Blue Floral Dress' is the popular most look of her Caribbean royal tour with Prince William, new research has found. Fashion experts looked into the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's official Instagram to see the post with the most likes featuring Kate’s outfits on the trip since the start of the tour in the Caribbean, revealing which was the favourite. Data from Google search trends was also analysed to reveal the impact of the Duchess's outfits in the UK following the look being released.  In first place was the Colbalt summer floral dress from Tory Burch, which gained a massive 616,633 likes on Instagram. This sparked a 266 percent surge in searches for 'blue floral dress', more than three times the average search on March 20. Since she was spotted wearing the designer dress, it has almost sold out on the Tory Burch site, where it retails at £455. To complete the look, royal fans will need Kate’s Anya Hindmarch woven fan clutch, which she has owned since 2011.  Although this particular style is no longer in stock, similar ones can be purchased for £268. The Duchess also wore her Stuart Weitzman minx wedges, which retail for £200. She also accessorised with her Sezane ‘Charlie’ earrings in threaded blue, which cost £53. Therefore, Kate’s whole look came to a rough estimation of £976.   Phillipa Lepley's 'ice blue dress' worn by Kate on the sixth day of the tour placed second, totalling 549,194 likes on Instagram. Google searches saw an 829 percent increase on March 26, the day after Kate wore the dress. The Duchess’ 'Emerald green dress' placed third with 434,816 likes on the social platform. Kate has previously been spotted wearing a Jenny Packham dress at the premiere of 'No Time To Die' and the Royal Variety performance last year.  Jenny Packham had also been featured on the first day of her Caribbean tour, with the 'blue two-piece suit' claiming seventh, with 273,313 likes. Kate’s Willow Hilson Vintage 'striped dress', worn on the fourth day came in fourth place, retailing at £369. The post featuring the colourful dress gained 388,351 likes. This vintage number was one of three outfits Kate wore on March 22.  Claiming fifth place was the 'green cargo trousers and white top' outfit, causing searches for 'khaki cargo jeans' to spike more than 20 times the average search on March 22. The Duke and Duchess's post featuring the G-Star Raw Cargos gained 313,261 likes. A spokesperson from Dalston Mill Fabrics who conducted the study commented on their findings for Express.co.uk: "With the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's tour in the Caribbean at a close, it's fascinating to see the impact of the outfits that Kate Middleton showcased. “Her Tory Burch floral blue dress tops the list thanks to a massive number of likes on Instagram, and her status as a style icon and inspiration for millions has only been strengthened during this trip.” 