SAS: Who Dares Wins returns with a brand new line-up on Sunday as familiar faces Billy Billingham and Jason Fox are joined by two former United States Special Forces operators. This series will be the first to air without Ant Middleton, who parted ways with the Channel 4 show last year. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Billy addressed his former co-star’s departure. Opening up on Ant’s exit, Billy said: “I miss working with all my mates, you know? But time moves on and it does. “When you ask anybody about what's the hardest thing after you've left the military, this is like being in the military again, you miss your mates you miss the camaraderie, of course, you do. “You miss it, but it's new again now so you can't dwell in the past you’ve got to move with the future and the team now is just great.” Former United States Recon Marine Rudy Reyes is the new chief instructor while former US Navy Seal Remi Adeleke also joins the show. Read more: Ant Middleton slams Daniel Craig as 'too PC' to play James Bond Billy shared his thoughts on how SAS: Who Dares Wins fans will receive the new line-up. He continued: It's new, a lot of people don't like change. I guess if we're honest none of us do. “But, then you embrace it eventually and you think, ‘It was the right thing to do,’ and I think that's what the audience will do. “They'll go, ‘Wow, they miss Ollie, they miss Ant, they miss Mel, they miss the lads before that but, then they’ll go, ‘Okay, well, actually, these people bring something else or take it forward as it should go.” SAS: Who Dares Wins fans recently suspected Billy and Ant had fallen out after drawing conclusions from a Twitter post shared by the remaining instructor. Alongside an image of the new line-up, Billy tweeted: “Standby Standby. More experience! More time served! No Egos, No Bulls***! “Undoubtedly the finest collaboration of military experience so far. It truly gets better every course. Talk is cheap! watch and shoot….." (sic) Some fans suspected he was taking a swipe at Ant however the former Special Forces operator shut down rumours of a rift. DON'T MISSGordon Ramsay’s Future Food Stars branded ‘Poundland SAS’ [INSIGHT]Ant Middleton's SAS replacement Rudy Reyes swipes at former instructor [INTERVIEW]Ant Middleton slams 'woke patrol' after SAS: Who Dares Wins exit [VIDEO] He said: “People can read or misread whatever they want I’m the worse if someone sends me an email I think, ‘You’re getting aggressive with me I hate emails, I want to do voice-to-voice with somebody because I ask for clarification. “So when I put stuff on my social media, it's based on fact. You know, what's new, why, how? “It’s not to provoke anything or to have a go at anybody that's nonsense.” Billy revealed he’s still in contact with his former co-star, who is set to appear on the Australian version of the show. When asked if he still speaks with Ant, Billy said: “Not as much as we used to. “He’s a very busy guy doing his thing and I’m a very busy guy doing my thing. Half the time I’m not even in this country.” Speaking on the James Smith podcast, Ant revealed his plans to move Down Under. “I feel like I fit in here,” he admitted. “That’s very strange being the person that I am. I don’t know whether the UK is a bit pretentious for me, a bit too PC for me, where I can’t be myself.” “Witch hunt?” Ant continued. “I never thought that existed until the latest shenanigans with SAS UK. “Ultimately people can see through it and know I was pushed before I could jump.’ When Channel 4 confirmed Ant’s departure, a spokesperson said: “Following a number of discussions, Channel 4 and Minnow Films have had with him in relation to his personal conduct it has become clear that our views and values are not aligned and we will not be working with him again.” SAS: Who Dares Wins airs on Channel 4 on Sunday at 9pm.