The Countess and Earl of Wessex are currently touring the Caribbean, having already visited Antigua and Barbuda, St Lucia, and St Vincent and the Grenadines. The tour forms part of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The royal couple are currently in St Lucia and today visited the Camille Henry Memorial school. For the occasion, Sophie donned a flowing white dress with a V-neckline and billowing sleeves. The dress’ skirt was layered and slightly pleated, reaching Sophie’s ankles. It was adorned with a multicoloured pattern of spots and leaves. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Easiest’ way to remove mould from washing machine seals Sophie paired the dress with a chunky white belt with a circular buckle. The dress is from Soler London – a brand favoured by Sophie. It is called the Camilla Closed Back Maxi Dress and is on sale for £325. On its website, Soler said “each style is cut from a new panel of fabric, rendering each one, one of a kind”. DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton re-wears cream Alexander McQueen coat dress [PICTURES]Weight loss: How to burn 3,000 calories without exercising [EXPERT]Lawn care: ‘Easy’ and natural way to get rid of weeds - 'Just 3 steps' [GUIDE] As for shoes, Sophie donned a pair of platform sandals she has worn on multiple occasions in the past, including on this tour. They were by iconic shoe brand Jimmy Choo and in the ‘Dovina 10’ style. A champagne metallic colour, the sandals are currently on sale for a whopping £475. They are set on a 100mm heel and shaped with thick crossover straps that “flatteringly frame your feet”, according to the Jimmy Choo website. Sophie accessorised with a pale pink and white clutch bag with a straw-like clasp decorated with flowers. The Countess has worn this bag previously on the tour too, and it is from popular brand Sophie Habsburg. She also wore her two Halcyon Days Maya Torque bracelets – both of which are gold but one has diamonds on it and the other pearls. These bracelets adorned her left wrist, while on her right was a beaded white bracelet. Sophie wore a silver necklace and a pair of large oval-shaped earrings with burnt orange-coloured stones. Her blonde tresses were pinned back in a half-up-half-down loose bun, and she wore minimal make-up. Her eyebrows were coloured in and she wore lashings of black mascara. On her lips was the same light coral-coloured gloss she has worn throughout the tour.