Patrick Grant of The Great British Sewing Bee has let rip on Twitter about the quality of TV streaming services like Netflix, while insisting that Channel 4 - soon to be taken out of the government's hands and privatised - provides better shows. The TV star announced his views to more than 70,000 Twitter followers, many of whom agreed. "The thing about Netflix is most of its shows are actually REALLY bad," he candidly claimed. "Whereas loads of Channel 4's shows are really flippin' good. And Amazon? It's dogs**t." He added in no uncertain terms: "This government are cultural imbeciles." Twitter fans reciprocated by sharing their own, sometimes scathing views about the current quality of programming. READ NOW: Johnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip @MissMorgzy was as enthusiastic as Patrick about denouncing the government, quipping: "Have you seen our Culture Secretary? Honestly, there is higher quality culture in yoghurt." @JilloHalloran1 chimed in: "Netflix would kill to have Channel 4’s track record. It’s complete insanity." @DavidCW28 concurred: "Settling down for the evening. Have both Netflix and Amazon. Nothing I want to watch. Channel 4 always the default." @heyvicenzo commented to claim that "all the big players, Netflix et al, full of vacuous, chav content." He added: "Appreciate though that some people enjoy that stuff much the same way a certain strata of society views KFC as nutritious." Then @lou181711 despaired: "I dip into Netflix almost every evening trying to find something to hook me and hold my attention, it rarely happens." Some followers also jeered about Netflix programmes such as Ricky Gervais' After Life. However, @maryam95166751 was the voice of dissent, hitting back: "Really? I think most of Channel 4's shows are vulgar, tasteless and patronising." DON'T MISS... Peter Kay says he’s doing ‘great’ as he makes rare public appearance [INSIGHT] Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore [DEBATE] Gogglebox’s Malone family pulled aside at airport security after gaffe [LATEST]  Meanwhile @timroe80 sneered of Channel 4: "Those staples of cultural class such as Made in Chelsea, naked attraction, MAFS, Hollyoaks. The highest of cultural attainment right there." As the debate raged on, Patrick did not mention his opinion on the quality of the state-owned BBC channels. The Edinburgh fashion designer has appeared on them both due to his role as a judge on The Great British Sewing Bee. He has also graced other BBC shows including Countryfile, BBC Breakfast and Steve Wright In The Afternoon. Patrick's move to TV and the world of fashion came as a surprise to many when he first entered the industry. He had originally studied material science and engineering and worked for major technology and engineering firms. The star then went to Oxford University to pursue a MBA, before deciding on an impulse that style was his new career choice. In spite of his strong words about the government, Patrick is still fiercely patriotic for his home country, telling the Daily Record that Scotland, a huge inspiration to him, "underpins everything I do".