NCIS has seen some beloved fan-favourites come and go over the past two decades, including forensic psychologist Jack Sloane (played by Maria Bello). The CBS police procedural said a fond farewell to her in season 18's The First Day. While some viewers were shocked to see her go, those in the know would have known this was always going to be the case. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS. Actress Maria Bello had been portraying Jack Sloane for three years, having grown to become a key member of the team. Her time came to make her exit though as Bello's contract was originally for three years and she chose not to renew it. Despite the terms of her contract, Bello did agree to return for the first seven episodes of season 18 to give her character the ending she deserved. While Bello hasn't given a clear explanation why she wanted to go, her leaving was bitter-sweet. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revenge Sharing pictures of herself with the rest of the NCIS cast, Bello wrote on Instagram at the time of her departure: "And that’s a wrap for Jack Sloane @ncis_cbs !!! "I’ve learned many things on this journey for the last three and a half years. I learned about commitment and community. "I've learned that the woman I am enjoys process over product. I’ve never worked with a kinder, more generous group of people. "Though in our business, like many, there are quite a few a******s - there is not one on the set of NCIS - in front of or behind the camera. "Only a profoundly decent group of people who care more about each other and the world in general than what is in it for them. I understand why this show after 18 years is the most-watched in the world - you must all feel our love. Keep watching. "I have a feeling there will be many more years to come. Thank you to all of my pals at NCIS and to all of our fans. I am truly grateful." (sic) While the Grown Ups actress didn't give an explanation, according to her IMDb page she did have other work lined up. She is currently in the middle of post-production as a producer of an upcoming film entitled The Woman King. In terms of acting roles, Bello is also filming a TV series called Beef. So the reason for her departure could mostly be down to other upcoming projects away from the drama. DON'T MISS...Ukraine general forced to sit out war freed 'Banged up in Germany' [EXPLAINER]NCIS LA theory: Callen betrays Kilbride to unearth past [THEORY]NCIS Hawaii delayed: Devastated viewers 'can’t keep up'  [DELAY] Sloane left in season 18 after the team ventured to Afghanistan for an investigation. Much to Agent Leroy Gibbs' (Mark Harmon) surprise, she decided to stay there in order to help the girls who were in need in the area. She and Gibbs had a flirtationship over the past few years which hadn't gone past the point of colleagues. But when they said their final goodbyes, Sloane and Gibbs kissed, at last, leaving the door potentially open if Bello did ever want to make a comeback. Season 19 is almost over with just one more episode left to go before it wraps up. Unfortunately, viewers are going to have to wait for another week for this final instalment as the drama takes a one-week break. When NCIS does return, season 19's finale episode will be called The Brat Pack. NCIS season 19 will conclude on Monday, May 2, on CBS in America. The drama also continues on Disney+ in the UK.