One of the Government’s primary benefits is Universal Credit, which is administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Universal Credit has various elements which top-up up the payments of many vulnerable demographics. One of these groups is unpaid carers, the number of which has gone up since the coronavirus pandemic. While many claim Carer’s Allowance, those in receipt of the means-tested Universal Credit are able to get the Carer’s Element of the DWP payment. Means-tested means an applicant’s eligibility for the Element and how much money they get will be dependent on their income and how much capital they have. When it comes to calculating how much someone gets from the Carer’s Element of Universal Credit, Carer’s Allowance is considered a way of someone getting income. People are prevented from getting Carer's Allowance if they are earning more than a certain amount per week. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  Despite this, someone’s earnings does not affect their ability to put forward a claim for the Carer’s Element. In regards to the Carer’s Element of Universal Credit, a claimant’s earnings or other income will impact how much overall Universal Credit they receive. Once this income is deducted from the maximum amount of Universal Credit they are entitled to, the amount left will be the payment they receive from the DWP. As it stands, the Carer Element of Universal Credit is £168.81 a month for those who look after someone with a “severe” disability. Applicants must inform the Universal Credit office that they are an unpaid carer using your online journal or calling if you are a telephone claimant. Helen Walker, the chief executive of Carers UK, has warned that the current payment rate for benefits offered by DWP is not enough to help unpaid carers during the current financial crisis. Ms Walker explained: “As the cost of living crisis piles on the stress and pressure on household finances across the UK, the below inflation increases to Carer’s Allowance and Universal Credit are yet another blow for hard pressed carers. “Many carers have a reduced capacity to work because of their caring responsibilities or have had to give up work altogether. “Despite the majority of carers having taken on more care during the pandemic, which has protected our health and care systems, they face a real term cut in the level of financial support they receive. Carers do not deserve more hardship when they have done so much.” Furthermore, the charity head noted why increasing these benefit payments is crucial to maintaining a healthy living standard for unpaid carers. She added: “Caring for someone can mean extra costs like having to use more electricity for special equipment, more heating to keep someone frail or unwell warm, and needing to spend more on special food. “According to Carers UK’s recent research, Under Pressure, a quarter of carers receiving carer benefits were already using a foodbank. “Today’s real-term cuts mean that many more will face challenging decisions about whether they heat their home or feed themselves.” A Government spokesperson said: “We recognise the valuable role of unpaid carers and we’re spending record amounts to support them financially, along with their health, wellbeing and job chances. “Carer’s Allowance pays £800 more a year compared to 2010 and families can receive £2,000 a year through the carer’s element in Universal Credit. “Those receiving Carer’s Allowance may also be entitled to further support through the benefits system and the £22billion worth of government action to help families with the cost of living.” Those interested in getting the Carer’s Element of Universal Credit should notify their local DWP office to update their claim.