Windsor starred in an incredible nine Carry On films, some of which have been playing out across ITV3 this Bank Holiday. Today's comedy marathon begins with 1966's Carry On Cowboy, which tells the tales of how outlaw Rumpo Kid runs riot in the lawless Stodge City. A nearby judge demands someone clean up the town, and orders a shy English sanitation expert to become its new sheriff. The franchise spawned an incredible 30 films between 1958 and 1978. They were famed for its comic tradition of mixing music hall culture and bawdy humour traditionally found on British seasides. Windsor epitomised the cheeky comedies, which made her one of the country's most beloved stars, before she turned her hand to EastEnders. Beginning her time on Albert Square in 1994, Windsor amassed appearances in 1,671 episodes of the soap opera, starring as Peggy Mitchell. She briefly reprised the role between 2013 and 2016, after quitting the show in 2010. But her character became iconic, and her fellow co-stars remembered the warmth she offered while on set. These included Kemp, who played her on-screen son Grant Mitchell. When Windsor sadly passed away in 2020, peacefully from Alzheimer's at the age of 83, Kemp was among a huge wave of stars to pay tribute to the actress. JUST IN: Carry On: Sid James seduced Barbara Windsor with a passionfruit According to a Daily Record report last year, Kemp had a picture he kept on his wall that Windsor had given him as a way of keeping her memory alive. He said: "I have a picture of her in my office, she gave that picture to me virtually when I first met her. "It’s of her in her twenties, it has a special message. "She’s timeless, we are very flippant, transient and in a disposable kind of time, sadly, as you can see by all he plastic that washes up in the ocean, but she is pretty timeless." DON'T MISS:Carry On star Barbara Windsor's 10-year Sid James affair [ANALYSIS]Carry On: Barbara Windsor was 'terrified' by outrageous scene [INSIGHT]Sue Holderness health: Actress on being 'petrified' of dementia [LATEST] He added: "I hope that people will carry on remembering what a great person she was. "She truly was one of those icons, she was a national treasure." After her death was announced others paid their respects to the London-born star, including royalty as well as Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Prince William described her as "a true national treasure... a giant of the entertainment world", in a glowing tribute following the announcement. At the time, William made a speech at the London Palladium, which was showing off its latest Christmas panto. He said: "Before I go on, I want to pause and pay tribute to a true national treasure, Dame Barbara Windsor, who so sadly passed away last night. "She was a giant of the entertainment world, and of course a legend on pantomime stages across the country, including here at the London Palladium, and I know we’ll all miss her hugely." Windsor continued to fight tirelessly for charities up until her death, including campaigning for more research into dementia. Her husband, Scott, told the Mirror last year that he planned to do something to honour her life. He said: "I have to give myself time - it’s only been nine months since she passed. I’m still processing it. But there will be something next year. "We’ll make sure all her friends who couldn’t be at the funeral can get together and remember her."