This summer, Manchester United are primed to sign a new striker. Cristiano Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani may leave, Mason Greenwood remains unavailable and Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford have never realised their potential at the club. Step forward, Darwin Nunez. Manchester United know they need a new centre-forward if they’re to challenge for the Premier League title next season. And Nunez has been strongly linked in recent weeks amid his stunning form for Benfica, where he’s scored 32 goals across all competitions. West Ham failed to land the Uruguay international back in January and Newcastle have since emerged as potential suitors for the hitman as well. But United, it can be argued, will be at the front of the queue for the 22-year-old the minute the transfer window reopens. Ronaldo may go. Having never played in the Europa League or UEFA Conference League, it’s hard to see him sticking around should the Red Devils miss out on Champions League football. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Cavani and Martial are ready to depart, while Greenwood remains unavailable following his arrest back in January. And then there’s Rashford, United’s golden boy who looks a shadow of himself at present. PSG and Barcelona, in particular, have been linked. So Nunez could be the way for United to go when Erik ten Hag rocks up at Old Trafford this summer. Recently, Benfica boss Nelson Verissimo recently compared the rising star to Atletico Madrid striker Joao Felix. "What do you think? Darwin is an excellent player, he has shown all his quality," Verissimo said. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players "He has helped the team a lot, it is true that the team has also helped him a lot. "He is a young player, with a lot of potential, it is natural that given what has been his growth throughout this season and also a lot as an outcome of the performance he has had in the Champions League games, it is natural that he arouses the interest of the big European clubs. “It will be at the end of this season or the following season, depending on what it has shown, it is natural that it will arouse interest from other clubs and naturally there may be the timing in which it goes. “Now regarding numbers, I hope as a Benfica fan that he will leave for numbers close to those that were João Félix's numbers (a record €126million fee). Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "Now it's not for me to enter numbers on that question. In what is my day to day with the player, in what he has given to us to observe in training and in the game." But Nunez is even deadlier than the former Benfica star. In Felix’s first full season with Benfica he notched an impressive 20 goals from 43 appearances. Yet Nunez has already outdone the Atletico star with his 32 goals across all competitions this term. United desperately need a player with his finishing prowess as they prepare for the start of the Ten Hag era. And it’s hardly a stretch to see him strutting his stuff at Old Trafford next term. Chelsea may rival United for his signature, though the uncertainty over their ownership could prove to be a hindrance. And while Newcastle are interested, the Red Devils remain a bigger appeal for players at the current moment in time.