Brian May has shared an exclusive interview filmed in Tenerife ahead of the re-release of his second solo album Another World, where he dropped a touching Freddie Mercury fact related to the writing of Bohemian Rhapsody. The Queen guitarist said of songwriting: “I think in the course of writing a song, you cannot escape putting yourself in there, and you don't even know what you're doing. You don't know if it's conscious or unconscious. All kinds of things get into a song, and years later, people can point out some kind of connection and some kind of meaning. And you go, ‘Oh, yeah, I suppose that was in there.’” Brian shared: “And I think that's the delight. That's the great thing about a song which connects with people. Not only does it connect with the things that was… things that were in the author's mind, but also with the listener, the listener makes it part of his life or her life and their life. And that's something precious because that's the communication. The song, a good song, or a good poem or a good painting connects you with the artist. And it suggests something to you which triggers understanding your own feelings better.  And to me, that's a very precious part of songs. And to me, it's a joy that Freddie never told us what Bohemian Rhapsody was about. It's great that everybody has their own ideas about what that's about. It's something precious.” Everyone seems to know Bohemian Rhapsody off by heart, but who knows what Freddie meant by “I see a little silhouetto of a man, Scaramouch, Scaramouch, will you do the Fandango!”? Whatever the case, fans don’t seem to mind given the track went on to top the UK Singles Chart for nine weeks in 1976 and became Britain’s third best-selling single of all time. On writing his solo tracks for Another World Brian said: “Now I try to resist explaining my songs, but occasionally it happens. The funny thing is, every time I explain it, it's different because there are different things in there, without a doubt. And Another World is about a lot of things. A lot of things.” Brian candidly added: “Some things are very good and joyful. Something’s quite painful. Still, for me, it's still very painful to look at and this whole journey back into re-releasing this album has been a big thing for me, and it's brought up all sorts of stuff in me and perhaps made me understand my history and my present a little bit better. I think I discovered that I'm a person who's perpetually regarding himself as in a disaster. I think that's my nature, and that's a good insight, you know, if I know that and if I understand that I can start dealing with that and start being less of a miserable bastard than I have been in the past. So I think it's doing me good.” DON'T MISSBrian May shares Buddy Holly cover ‘The song that made me a rock star’ [BUDDY HOLLY]Brian May: How Another World tree helped him survive hard times WATCH [BRIAN MAY]Brian May celebrates his dad who eventually accepted his Queen career [BRIAN MAY FATHER] Tomorrow, Brian will launch his re-mastered re-release that has been largely unavailable since it first debuted in 1998. The 74-year-old will once again be broadcasting his Bri-TV live stream on Instagram, with surprises throughout the day. Brian May’s Another World is available from April 22 and can be pre-ordered here.