Having held the rights to Thunderball after a long legal battle, producer Kevin McClory set about making his unofficial remake in 1983’s Never Say Never Again. At this point Sean Connery had played James Bond six times. The star had been paid a then-record $1.25 million plus two films of this choice to return for 1971’s Diamonds Are Forever, after one time 007 George Lazenby quit the role. This time around the 52-year-old Scot negotiated a whopping $3 million, a percentage of the profits, plus casting and script approval. The story goes that Never Say Never Again was a reference to Connery’s declaration that he would never play Bond again after Diamonds Are Forever. Following his casting in the new film, his wife said to him what would become the title. Interestingly, both his fellow Bonds George Lazenby and Roger Moore almost featured in the unofficial film. The Australian model was originally considered to star as 007 once again by McClory, however, he was dropped from consideration after the original Bond himself was interested. As for Roger’s inclusion, that was actually an amusing idea of Connery’s himself. Roger’s official Bond movie Octopussy, his sixth of seven, was released in 1983 alongside Never Say Never Again. Despite the rivalry between EON’s producer Cubby Broccoli and McClory, both 007 stars were good friends. Never Say Never Again concluded with Connery breaking the fourth wall and winking at the camera. However, he had an alternative idea for the final scene involving his pal and fellow Bond Roger. This would have seen the Scottish star walking down the street and a man brushing by causing him to double-take and look back. The camera angle would have shifted revealing Roger, who would have turned to look and then and say: “NEVER say never again!” Despite their friendship and both being willing to shoot this scene, they were unable to convince the film’s director Irvin Kershner and the producers. Nevertheless, Connery would go on to play Bond a couple more times before he died in 2020. The first was a video message he recorded as 007 on the set of his 1998 flop The Avengers. The clip was a surprise birthday present for his co-star Ralph Fiennes, who went on to play M in the Daniel Craig Bond movies. DON'T MISSNext James Bond odds: Regé-Jean Page's Bridgerton co-star enters race [NEXT BOND]James Bond's tombstone unveiled by Prime Minister where he died WATCH [BOND DEATH]Nicolas Cage never forgot Sean Connery advice after Disney dropped him [SEAN CONNERY] The second was when Connery voiced Bond once more for the 2005 video game version of From Russia With Love. The star recorded the part in The Bahamas where he was living and very kindly re-did a day’s work after the engineer found the tape had not been recorded and was blank. Connery had agreed to play 007 once again because his grandchildren loved video games and he thought it would appeal to them. At the time, the actor: “As an artist, I see this as another way to explore the creative process. Video games are an extremely popular form of entertainment today and I am looking forward to seeing how it all fits together.”