But the question the country is rightly asking is whether he and Chancellor Rishi Sunak, who was also fined, should resign. While not lightly dismissing what has happened, the answer has to be a resounding "no". Since the allegations first surfaced some months ago, Europe has become embroiled in a war in Ukraine with Mr Johnson at the heart of organising the international resistance to Russia belligerence.  Our Prime Minister's leadership on this has been praised by President Zelensky, who has urged others to follow his example. It rather puts into context a £50 fixed penalty notice issued by the police for an illegal gathering of nine minutes when he was surprised by a birthday cake in the Cabinet Room. Given that the people there were those Mr Johnson worked with day in and out under extremely stressful circumstances during the pandemic, he can be forgiven for not realising he had broken the rules. The punishment was not much more than a parking ticket. This is notWatergate or even a crime which would require a court to hear it. He has rightly been contrite and apologised, saying that the "public had a right to expect better".They did. But whether it was Brexit, vaccines or Ukraine, this is a Prime Minister who time and again has shown that he gets the big decisions right. He is a true leader and, as we face war and an economic crisis, this is certainly not the time to bring the Government crashing down. In the end it is hard to escape the conclusion that those public figures most loudly calling for him to go are Opposition parties and fanatical Rejoiners bent on revenge for Brexit. As Oscar Wilde once noted: "You can always judge a man by the quality of his enemies."  It is often said that people are creatures of habit and another study seems to have proven this to be true. According to research commissioned by Norwegian Cruise Line, almost three quarters of the 2,000 people polled choose the same place to go on holiday each year and more than half (55 per cent) do not want to change the location of their escape. Most people seem to agree with the band Genesis: "I know what I like, and I like what I know." Perhaps, though, a few more of us should allow our adventurous side to take over and try something different.