Auditions for the new series of Britain’s Got Talent have already taken place with the forthcoming series airing on Saturday, April 16. Thousands of hopeful contestants queued up to prove themselves to judges David Walliams, Alesha Dixon, Amanda Holden and the music mogul Simon Cowell. ITV presenters Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly have teased fans about what to expect from this year’s competition and the Geordie duo have told fans to get their tissues at the ready as the new series has some real “tear-jerking” performances. When asked whether there were any “emotional” auditions in this year’s series, Ant confessed: “There were a few. “We surprised somebody in the audience. He was surprised by his daughters and was asked to come on stage and perform that day." The 46-year-old presenter exclaimed: “He thought he had just come to watch the show! “He went away for an hour or two, rehearsed, and then at the end of that session came back and performed the song. That was very emotional.” READ MORE:Richard Madeley called out by GMB fans for 'bullying' oil protestor Aspiring acts share whatever talent they wish to demonstrate in front of a live audience, hoping to win the hearts of the nation. Co-host Dec said the unpredictability of each audition is what the reality show often is commended for. He said: “That’s what's amazing about BGT is that you never quite know the next act if it's going to have you in tears, in hysterics, floods of rage because it's not as good as you’d hoped. “You just never know what emotions you're going to feel for the next act. “That's what's so magical about it,” the Geordie host gushed. As well as earning the title of Britain’s Got Talent 2022 winner, the lucky individual, group, or dog will take home the life-changing £250,000 jackpot prize and the coveted spot in The Royal Variety Performance, which promises to be an extra special one as it’s the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee year. Pop Idol star and head judge Simon claimed a year off the air, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, had a positive impact on the show. The 62-year-old entrepreneur confessed: "I have to say, the contestants are brilliant, we have seen so many good acts this year." Simon went on to tell ITV: “So many great stories have come out of auditions too. “I think sometimes having the little break that we did is a positive thing." The father of one remarked: “I think they realised how important the show is to them.” Due to the pandemic, ITV was forced to cancel the hit reality show which means comedy musician Jon Courtenay, has been the winner for the past two years. Addressing the two-year break, Simon stated: “Great! It felt really good. “As much as I didn’t want to not make the show last year, we just couldn’t at that point, it would have been literally impossible. "We had to stop it at the last moment, it was a difficult decision to make but it was the right one." The popular judge beamed: “I think off the back of that, when we did all get back together, I think we realised how much we enjoy making the show. Britain's Got Talent begins Saturday, April 16 on ITV at 8pm