Today marks the 110th anniversary since the Titanic tragically struck an iceberg in the North Atlantic Ocean, four days into her maiden voyage from Southampton to New York City. The vessel was, at the time, the largest ocean liner service in operation, and carried around 2,224 people when she reportedly hit the iceberg on April 14, sinking hours later by 2am the following day. More than 1,500 people died in the collision, making it stand out as one of the deadliest peacetime maritime disasters in history. Its story has remained shrouded in mystery, with findings constantly coming out about the ship's doomed path to destruction. James Cameron's epic film Titanic also saw a new generation hooked upon the liner's tale, with the movie going on to win a record-equaling 11 Academy Awards in 1997. But one of the myths most associated with the story, is that women and children were the first to leave the sinking vessel, boarding life rafts on the ship. This theory was debunked in the Titanic: The Exhibition in London’s Docklands, which closes down on Sunday. Titanic historian Claes-Göran Wetterholm, who curated the exhibition, argued that our understanding of exactly what happened on that fateful night more than a century ago in itself is a mystery. According to the Daily Mail, Mr Wetterholm said: "It is important to look again at the tragedy and dispel some of the myths." Among the legends challenged was the notion that most passengers on the vessel were either British, Irish or American. Mr Wetterholm noted that the "fifth-largest group were Arabs", adding: "They came from Syria and Lebanon in search of new lives, travelling by boat to join the Titanic at Cherbourg." JUST IN: Titanic shipyard wins Britain’s first cruise ship contract in 50 YEARS Another question answered was the claim that "women and children were first" when it came to people boarding the Titanic's lifeboats. He continued: "While the story goes that those who survived were women and children, it’s not true: 323 men survived, 80 per cent of them got on lifeboats from the starboard side. "They survived because first officer William Murdoch, who evacuated that side, didn’t prevent them from getting in. "On the port side, second officer Charles Lightoller had the rule of women and children first and he took it literally. One boat that could take 65 people rowed away with 28, leaving men behind. DON'T MISS:Titanic shipyard wins contract for largest cruise to dry dock in UK [INSIGHT]Titanic's passenger brooch gifted by crew member emerges for sale [ANALYSIS]April 10 – On this day: 207 years since Tambora erupted [LATEST] "Over on the starboard side, it was a different story. On the last boats to leave, the majority were men." Mr Wetterholm also tore apart a long-held belief that the Titanic's third class accommodation was miserable, arguing that in fact it was "clean and freshly painted". The curator added: "The food was excellent and they even had flushing toilets, unheard of for 1912. "The stewardesses in third class had to teach people how to use them." The Titanic was considered at its unveiling to be "unsinkable", but while travelling at high speeds through the North Atlantic, iceberg warnings were ignored by the crew. Despite the potential danger, evasive action against the icebergs was taken, but too late, ensuring a deadly collision occurred. Though many factors contributed to the horror sinking in 1912, experts ordinarily agree that had the warning signs been taken more seriously, and weather conditions respected, a crisis could have been diverted. The Titanic's wreck was discovered in 1985 by a team of French and American explorers. The find showed how the vessel had actually split in half following the collision, with the front and back of the ship found nearly 2,000 feet apart. Each year, commemorations and ceremonies are held on the anniversary of the sinking, April 15, to pay respects to those who lost their lives.