The Prime Minister also said parents should have "involvement at the very least" in decisions made by children to change their gender.  Speaking on a visit to a hospital in Welwyn Garden City, Mr Johnson said: "I don't think that it's reasonable for kids to be deemed so-called Gillick-competent to take decisions about their gender or irreversible treatments that they may have. I think there should be parental involvement at the very least."   He continued: "I don't think that biological men should be competing in female sporting events." Mr Johnson added: "We will have a ban on gay conversion therapy, which to me is utterly abhorrent. But there are complexities and sensitivities when you move from the area of sexuality to the question of gender. There, I'm afraid, there are things that I think still need to be worked out."  The Prime Minister's remarks come after Health Secretary Sajid Javid said it is "absolutely right" conversion "therapy" is banned for lesbian, gay and bisexual people, but added that a "more sensitive approach" is needed for members of the trans community. Mr Javid, asked on Sky News if it is acceptable to administer an electric shock to someone who feels that they are in the wrong body, replied: "No, I don't think so. No, no, of course not." When pressed over why that was removed from a Bill for the Queen's Speech so that transgender people would still undergo that sort of conversion "therapy", Mr Javid said: "When it comes to conversion therapy, it is absolutely right, as the Government has said, that we ban the so-called conversion therapy for LGB people. "When it comes to trans, I do think that we need to be more careful."  The Government changed plans last week to ban conversion "therapy", which attempts to change a person's sexual orientation or gender identity. LGBT religious leaders, including former Archbishop of Canterbury Dr Rowan Williams, and the Conservative Party's first trans MP, Jamie Wallis, have put pressure on Prime Minister Boris Johnson to include trans people in a ban. Referencing a report by paediatrician, Dr Hilary Cass, Mr Javid said: "She just published an interim report just a few weeks ago and she talked about how the children and young people, when they say they have gender dysphoria, it is right for medical experts to be able to question that and to determine what the cause might be. "Is it a genuine case of gender identity dysphoria or could it be that that individual is suffering from some child sex abuse, for example, or could it be linked to bullying?   "So I think it is right to take the approach that we have, which is to ban conversion therapy for LGB, but to take a much more sort of sensitive approach when it comes to trans." Mr Javid's remarks comes as the Government looks set to abandon landmark plans to host a global conference designed to promote LGBT+ rights around the world. Up to 100 charities and organisations have vowed to boycott the Safe to Be Me conference in London in June, which was set to urge governments to tackle inequality, prejudice and discrimination. The Terrence Higgins Trust issued a joint statement on behalf of 23 HIV organisations, saying they will not be supporting or attending the conference.   READ MORE ABOUT A BOY KILLED IN A COT ACCIDENT The decision to ban conversion "therapy" for gay or bisexual people in England and Wales also led to the country's first LGBT+ business champion, Iain Anderson, to quit. In his resignation to Mr Johnson, Mr Anderson wrote: "It has been the honour of my life to serve as the UKs first-ever LGBT+ business champion. However, I feel I have no choice but to tender my resignation from this role. "I do this with a very heavy heart. As a young gay man I lived through fear and oppression under the backdrop of Section 28. I could never have dreamt then that a government - any government -would appoint an LGBT+ champion later in my lifetime. "However the recent leaking of a plan to drop the Government's flagship legislation protecting LGBT+ people from conversion therapy was devastating. Conversion therapy is abhorrent.    DON'T MISS: Police launch urgent hunt after woman seen ‘assaulting baby' [REPORT] Prince Harry favourability PLUMMETS as royal fans turn on Duke [REVEALED] Hunt for commander dubbed ‘Butcher of Bucha’ [LATEST] "Only hours later to see this plan retracted but briefing take place that trans people would be excluded from the legislation and therefore not have the same immediate protections from this practice was deeply damaging to my work." NHS doctor and TV presenter Ranj Singh tweeted on Wednesday: "Conversion therapy (any practice aiming to coercively change/suppress your sexuality/gender identity) is abuse.   "It’s psychological (and sometimes physical) torture. This is a human rights issue. For the sake of people now and in the future, please ban it now. For everyone." Meanwhile, the Scottish Conservatives have said they would include trans in the ban should such a proposal come to Holyrood, according to The Scotsman. The British Medical Association has called for the ban to be extended to every member of the LGBTQ+ community. Dr Latifa Patel, acting chair of the BMA’s representative body, said in a statement: "It’s some relief to hear that the Government has now decided to ban the horrific practice of so-called conversion therapy for gay or bisexual people in England and Wales.   "However, it’s with great dismay to read reports that this will not extend to transgender people, despite there being no evidence whatsoever that it is a credible form of medicine." She added that the "therapy" has been debunked countless times as an unethical and damaging practice which preys on victims of homophobia, transphobia, discrimination and bullying. 