The impact of Covid on society continues to wane, but the damage caused by the Government’s response of locking down society on and off for almost two years, and threatening punishments for those who refused to wear face masks, continues to be laid bare. A new report by Ofsted on the impact of lockdown on children and the attempt of education providers to make up for this shows the social and, indeed, the physical development of babies has been greatly stunted by the response to Covid. Based on its analysis, Ofsted reported "delays in babies' and children’s speech and language development” and the fact “some babies have struggled to respond to basic facial expressions”. Other than those with whom they lived, babies and children spent much of the past two years either completed isolated from humans or, when in public, unable to look properly at and learn from the faces of those around them. Ofsted said: “Children turning two years old will have been surrounded by adults wearing masks for their whole lives and have therefore been unable to see lip movements or mouth shapes as regularly.” For many babies, even the first sight of their mother was shielded by a face mask, with some hospitals telling mothers they had to wear a mask during labour, despite official rules, and despite questions over the effectiveness of face masks. One mother, Rosie Brown, who suffers from emetophobia, a phobia of vomit, told the BBC last May a mask “was just put on my face” – an action she did not question because “we have become so conditioned to waring them” following numerous, graphic Government-led campaigns. She said this made her “panic”, that “in among the claustrophobia and the pain, I was panicking that I was going to vomit inside my mask”. The charity Pregnant Then Screwed told the broadcaster that a survey of close to 1,000 women who gave birth in December 2020 found one in five were also asked to wear a mask. After this, the children were confined to the home, unable for long stretches to see even their closest relatives (unless, perhaps, through a window) and to enjoy times at playgrounds, many of which were famously covered in threatening black and yellow tape. One health chief in Australia, however, admitted towards the end of last year playgrounds were closed not to protect children to prevent parents from meeting in order to limit the spread of Covid. READ MORE: Children speaking in different accents after lockdown TV time Children who have been raised in this atmosphere are understood not only to struggle more than might otherwise have been expected with communicating but with socialising, too. Ofsted notes: “Some providers have reported that delays to children’s speech and language development have led to them not socialising with other children as ready as they would have expected previously.” Delays were expressed not just in communication and socialisation but also in physical development. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] The report goes on: “There continues to be an impact on children’s physical development. There were delays in babies learning to crawl and walk. “Some providers reported that children had regressed in independence and in self-care skills.” A 2021 US study on children’s early-year development through lockdown showed a drop in early learning and both verbal and non-verbal development, adding this was caused not only by reduced interaction outside the home but by reduced interaction inside the home due to parents being more “stressed and frazzled” as a result of the restrictions. The data was collected in a “relatively affluent part of the US”, meaning the results could well have been worse in poorer areas. Deficiencies are expected to be carried on into later learning, including at schools, where the Department for Education told Express.co.uk “our ambitious recovery plan continues to roll out across the country”. But many schools, as Ofsted highlighted, are reporting losing their “high-quality” staff, and some teachers contacted by this paper feel they are not being given enough support from above.