Experts previously suggested that size was the key to longevity – as smaller animals burn up energy quicker than their larger counterparts. This means they require a faster cell turnover, which causes them to decline faster. But new research from the Wellcome Sanger Institute in Cambridge suggests that the speed of genetic damage could be the key to survival. They believe that long-living animals are able to successfully slow down their rate of DNA mutations regardless of their size. It could explain how a five-inch long naked mole rat can outlive a giraffe. That's because the team found that naked mole rats suffer 93 mutations a year and giraffes 99. Meanwhile, mice experience up to 796 mutations a year – which may explain why they live on average for 3.7 years. Genetic changes, known as somatic mutations, occur naturally in cells. Dr Alex Cagan, the first author of the study, said: “To find a similar pattern of genetic changes in animals as different from one another as a mouse and a tiger was surprising. “But the most exciting aspect of the study has to be finding that lifespan is inversely proportional to the somatic mutation rate. This suggests that somatic mutations may play a role in ageing.” The team found, overall, that the longer the lifespan of a mammal, the slower the rate at which mutations occur. READ MORE: NASA spots 'largest ever' comet racing Earthbound at 22,000mph: 'It's barrelling this way' They believe it will open the door to understanding the ageing process in humans as well. According to Public Health England (PHE), the average life expectancy in England in 2020 was 78.7 years for males and 82.7 years for females. Compared with 2019, life expectancy in England in 2020 was 1.3 years lower for males and 0.9 years lower for females. But given the very high level of excess deaths last year due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it is no surprise that life expectancy fell. DON'T MISS Putin promise to use 'weapons of unprecedented characteristics' [REVEAL] Solar storm: Blackout risk as NASA wants of 'direct hit' on Earth [REPORT] Japan humiliates EU with blueprint to cut Russia ties [INSIGHT] Dr Inigo Martincorena, the senior author of the study, said: “Ageing is a complex process, the result of multiple forms of molecular damage in our cells and tissues. “Somatic mutations have been speculated to contribute to ageing since the 1950s, but studying them has remained difficult. “With the recent advances in DNA sequencing technologies, we can finally investigate the roles that somatic mutations play in ageing and in multiple diseases.” The research was published in the journal Nature.