Footage from a Russian state television broadcast exposed high tensions over the rising death toll of Russian soldiers in Ukraine. A former military captain appearing on the programme said: “Many people here have fought in Afghanistan, Chechnya, Donbas." He added: "Now, Donbas, Luhansk guys, and our Special Operation forces are dying there!”   The revelations of the military expert were opposed by Russian television hosts as Putin’s forces desperately try to conceal the reality of Russian casualties. “No, no, no, no!” cried the Russian presenter, “I don’t want to hear that, stop. Stop!” The former captain tried to persist in his exposure of Russian military failure: “They’re dying.” The TV host hit back: “Stop! Can’t you just stop?”  The Russian television presenter continued to interrupt the ex-military leader’s claims of increasing Russian fatalities. But the former soldier persisted: “Let's commemorate our dying boys with a minute of silence." “What are you doing?” raged the host, “Can you just stop?” The Russian presenter defied the claims of his guest and instead proclaimed the continued strength of Putin’s forces in the Ukraine war. He erupted: “I’ll tell you what our boys are doing. Our boys are killing the Fascist Beast!” Read more: Putin wants Ukraine war win by Victory Day World War Two celebrations The military veteran made a last feeble attempt to correct the questionable declarations of the presenter. But the Russian TV host maintained his denial of mass Russian casualties as he demanded: “Let me finish." The footage showing the intense debate over the loss of Russian soldiers on the front line has emerged on social media. The military representative in the video has been identified as Vladimir Yeranosyan, who served in the Black Sea Fleet of the Russian armed forces. Don't miss:Vladimir Putin HUMILIATED as key oligarch he made rich turns on him [REVEAL]Russian army so crippled it will not fight again for YEARS [REPORT]Brits demand MORE sanctions against Russia even if energy prices soar [POLL RESULT] Yeranosyan held the rank of Captain within the Russian Navy and has achieved a PhD in Political Science. The veteran’s attempts to honour the loss of Russian soldiers were aggressively silenced in a demonstration of Putin’s authoritarian regime. Information on the Russian performance in the war is highly restricted across the state and state-controlled television networks broadcast content to encourage Russian support for the invasion. Despite Putin’s attempts to mask Russian fatalities, NATO estimates between 7,000 and 15,000 Russian troops have been killed in the war.   