Chelsea legend Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink has taken aim at the Blues after their dismal 4-2 loss at home to Arsenal on Wednesday evening - with the Dutchman particularly disappointed with Romelu Lukaku, Malang Sarr and Andreas Christensen for their poor displays in the clash with the Gunners. Arsenal led early on through Eddie Nketiah, although they were pegged back moments later by Timo Werner. A topsy-turvy first half saw Emile Smith Rowe put Mikel Arteta's men 2-1 to the good, yet they were denied again by Cesar Azpilicueta just five minutes after. But not to be deterred in the hunt for Champions League qualification, Nketiah bagged his second before Bukayo Saka wrapped up proceedings with a penalty in stoppage time. The result leaves Chelsea just five points ahead of their city rivals with a game in hand, with some fans anxious over whether they will finish in the top four despite being clear favourites to end the season in the qualification spots. And Hasselbaink has blasted Chelsea's stars, labelling a select few as "really, real bad" for their efforts in the derby. "It was a really bad performance, really, really bad," Hasselbaink told Sky Sports. JUST IN: Man Utd players 'informed' of Erik ten Hag appointment with announcement plan in place  "Certain players are getting an opportunity, Lukaku, Sarr, Christensen... Going back to Lukaku, he doesn’t do enough. If you want to be the man you need to run around, you need to try to show that you are bothered. "You need to want to suffer, he doesn’t run around, he doesn’t go into gaps, he doesn’t demand the ball off his players, he doesn’t go into space. They are very static and if you’re going to have that, if players are going to play like that you have no chance. "They play against a motivated Arsenal team who have lost three matches in a row who have something to prove, you need to go over the top of them, show some passion. There was no passion from Lukaku, and Sarr and Christensen - they cannot make those kind of mistakes in these kind of matches." Lukaku signed for the Blues in the summer for a club record £97.5million, making him the second-most expensive transfer in English football behind Jack Grealish. He started the season in superb fashion, scoring three goals in his first three games under Thomas Tuchel. DON'T MISS...Chris Sutton slams Jesse Lingard's clothing choice vs LiverpoolMan Utd icon Paul Scholes tells club to finish 8th in 'saddened' rantMan Utd icon Gary Neville admits he was 'unprofessional' on Sky Sports  But with just two goals in 18 following that, fans of the west London club will be wondering where it all went wrong as they aim to stumble into the top four come the end of the season. Tuchel's men have lost their last two home games in the league whilst conceding four, with Brentford shocking them in a 4-1 win just three weeks ago. And with West Ham next, their season could take a turn for the worse if they fail to beat David Moyes' side. 