Over a week on since Will Smith walked up on the Oscars stage and slapped comedian Chris Rock across the face for making a GI Jane joke about his with Jada Pinkett-Smith, the incident remains a hot topic for debate. Since that moment, Will has publically apologised to Chris, the Academy and everyone who was affected by his actions and has resigned from the Academy board. There have been calls for Will to be cancelled and all future projects halted due to his actions, but The View talk show host Whoopi Goldberg has clapped back at the claims and admitted she feels his career will recover. Two of Will's upcoming movies have reportedly been halted due to the incident, but Whoopi laughed off the idea that his career is in long-term danger. Commenting on the Grammys, which took place at the weekend, she said: "Louis CK and Kanye West won Grammys yesterday, and some people found that controversial. "But the show didn't have anything like last week's controversy, which is fine, also, some of Will Smith's future projects are in question. "The question is does he have a path back? Yes, of course, he does, he will be fine, he'll be back, no worries!" she claimed. READ MORE: Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits "Every one of us has stepped in poo at some point, y'all stepped in poo, I.... see this is the thing, nobody won last night (at the Grammys) for the things they did a week ago or a month ago. "It is not how it works, this is for your work, your work was the best. Listen, people will say we want to take this away if they have done the work and it is the best work you can't touch it. "We don't get these awards because we are nice people, that's not why they are giving them to us, they are giving them to us... I am a nice person!" she exclaimed as the audience laughed. CNN commentator Ana Navarro responded: "I am so tired of talking about this I would like to slap myself, I understand that this has really struck a nerve with people. "He has had over 30 years of a career where he has had a very positive image, positive role model, he has done all sorts of things, none of us should be judged by our worst moment. "Yes, this is going to be with him for the rest of his life, it is going to be in his obituary, this is not going away but should it define his life, should it define his career? No, absolutely not." She went on to say that if Netflix decided to push back or pull the projects they had lined up with the actor, then it would be the wrong decision on their end. Journalist Sunny Hostin added: "I would imagine companies are thinking, 'Wow if I put out this movie on my streaming platform am I going to lose money, and will the audience still be here for him, or will people boycott the art?' DON'T MISS...Whoopi Goldberg slaps down race focus after Will Smith slap [INSIGHT]'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith [LATEST]Whoopi Goldberg attacks royals slavery roots ‘Folks need to apologise’ [WATCH] "Which is, I think it is a valid discussion. Joy and I were talking about this on Friday, can you separate the art from the artist? And I know Whoopi has always said, 'of course, you have to!'" Whoopi's co-host Sara Haines interjected and said: "I think it is an important conversation to have, but I think it is very individual. "I do think there are some things that you can't unsee and as a fan, if you are watching and you can't get into the world, or you can't believe the actor, it affects us, and we can't choose those moments. "I don't think the punishment should go outside of that [the Academy], this was a moment where the bigger problem I had with it was that no one stood up and defended Chris Rock." Viewers of the show agreed with Whoopi's comments, with @Rizin_Pho2nix writing on Twitter: "Chris Rock and Will Smith not only will be family again, but their careers will also thrive from this. I know people who don't have anything else to do don't want them to be fine, but they will be. I pray for them both to heal and embrace each other as brothers again." @RichBoyLA said: "You can tell this topic is important to @WhoopiGoldberg because she has SO much to say on this and is talking to save Will Smith." However, not everyone agreed, with @Kat48720216 adding: "He ‘will’ recover because it's Hollywood.. ordinary civilians would’ve been arrested for the assault, pay a hefty fine, jail sentence, job loss, community respect, Etc. & Yes, everyone makes mistakes & all should suffer the same consequences of their actions." @123Martinis fumed: "Rock's joke, whether you think it was the worst thing ever or in poor taste, he DID NOT deserve to be slapped and on television with millions watching. First, Smith laughed, then he got up and walked across the stage, knowing what he was doing. No way can it be justified." (sic)