American Horror Story is an FX original with fans usually watching via Hulu. Yet fans in the UK will be pleased to hear iconic seasons such as Murder House, Freak Show and Coven will be made available all in one place very soon. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how to watch all 10 seasons. From April 27, every season of the cult-favourite series will be available to stream on Disney+ in the UK and Ireland. With the likes of Sarah Paulson, Alexander Dreymon and Lady Gaga amongst the cast, the franchise has gained plenty of fans. The spin-off American Horror Stories is also available to stream on Disney+. The full list of seasons available to stream from April 27 is as follows: READ MORE: Meghan Markle was ‘lovely’ back in university says actress Lily Rabe Season one - Murder House Season two - Asylum Season three - Coven Season four - Freak Show Season five - Hotel Season six - Roanoke Season seven - Cult Season eight - Apocalypse Season nine - 1984 Season 10 - Double Feature The anthology horror series started off as a self-contained miniseries, by Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk. Over the years, famous faces have played more than one character across various seasons. Evan Peters, Sarah Paulson and Lily Rabe are amongst the more frequent stars. The series has been renewed for three more seasons, bringing the total up to 13. The show is one of the biggest success stories for FX and back in 2020, Chairman of FX Networks John Landgraf praised the creators. DON'T MISS... How to watch American Horror Stories in the UK [INSIGHT] American Horror Stories cast: Who is in the Hulu series? [EXPLAINER] Who does Paris Jackson play in American Horror Stories? [INSIGHT] Speaking at the Winter TCA press tour he said: "Ryan and Brad are the undisputed masters of horror TV, having created the anthological limited series with American Horror Story and sustaining its success for nearly a decade as FX’s highest-rated series. "We are grateful to them and Dana Walden and our studio partners for committing to another three years. "AHS has showcased a wealth of award-winning actors since day one and we appreciate the contributions of everyone, including Ryan, Brad and fellow executive producers Tim Minear, James Wong, Alexis Martin Woodall and Bradley Buecker. "The writers, directors, cast and crew for each new, unforgettable instalment of American Horror Story.” Disney+ announced the news that every season would be dropping via Twitter. They said: "Are you ready to start screaming...sorry streaming. "All episodes of FX's American Horror Story S1-S10 are available to stream on @DisneyPlusUK April 27th!" They asked fans to vote for which season they were most looking forward to watching.  All 10 seasons of American Horror Story will be available to stream on Disney+ from April 27.