New research by esure has revealed the top 10 UK areas best and worst prepared for an electric vehicle future. Unsurprisingly, London was named as the area most ready to accommodate EVs with four cars per one charger. Stockport town is the worst prepared with almost 450 cars competing for each available charging point. The ban on sales of petrol and diesel cars from 2030 may have non-EV drivers starting to think about changing soon, but many cities and towns are not yet ready to accommodate the EV demand. According to the research, the top 10 places in the UK most ready for an EV future are as follows. London came out on top as the best prepared with only 4.1 cars per charger, meaning that motorists will not face much competition should they find themselves on low battery. READ MORE: Drivers warned of risks during Easter weekend Representing the north is Sunderland which follows closely behind in spot number two with just 4.7 cars per charger. Scotland’s Kirkwall makes an appearance in third with 7.2 cars per charger. The figures also revealed that the North East is leading the way for an EV future with four cities making the top 10 including both Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Durham taking the fourth and fifth positions with 8.4 and 10.7 cars per charger respectively. Completing the top 10 are Dumfries (11.6), Brighton (11.8), Manchester (12.2), and Nottingham in the tenth spot with a respectable 13.6 cars per charger.  The top 10 list looks as follows: 1) London - 4.1 cars per charger 2) Sunderland - 4.7 cars per charger 3) Kirkwall - 7.2 cars per charger 4) Newcastle-upon-Tyne - 8.4 cars per charger 5) Durham - 10.7 cars per charger 6) Dumfries - 11.6 cars per charger 7) Teesside - 11.7 cars per charger 8) Brighton - 11.8 cars per charger 9) Manchester - 12.2 cars per charger 10) Nottingham - 13.6 cars per charger DON'T MISS Warm weather driving habits could land drivers with fines up to £5,000 [REVEAL] Man calls towing truck on his neighbour for terrible parking [SHOCKING] Motorists warned not to travel at certain times over Easter [WARNING] At the other end of the scale are the likes of Stockport where drivers might be waiting a while for an available charger given that there are 448.3 EV and hybrid cars on the road per charger. Meanwhile, Swindon’s EV charging infrastructure means that 291.8 EV and hybrid cars will have to compete in order to find a charger. Slough is not much better with 244.7. Neil Dwyer of ensure said: “As EV sales continue to rise and the UK becomes more eco-conscious, we wanted to see which areas are already getting ready for an EV future. “As indicated within our research, it’s crucial that some of these locations invest in their EV infrastructure in order to ensure a smooth transition for those on the road before the end of the decade. “However, regardless of where you live, if you’re driving an EV or planning on doing so anytime soon, it’s important to make sure you’re properly covered and have the appropriate insurance in place should any problems arise.” The news comes after an investigation by FairCharge found that more than seven in 10 UK councils have no official transition plan for electric vehicles. Local authorities across the UK have been encouraged by the Government to publish strategies when it comes to transitioning to electric vehicles. The investigation found that just 28 percent of local authorities have released a strategy for supporting the switch to electric motoring. Additional data gathered in the process revealed that a further 23 percent of councils are in the process of devising a plan. London turned out to be the region with the highest proportion of councils with a published strategy, standing at 57 percent. The capital was followed by the West Midlands (44 percent), Scotland (38 percent), and the North West (30 percent). At the other end of the scale were Northern Ireland with zero percent, the East Midlands with 10 percent, and Wales with 13 percent.