Meena (played by Paige Sandhu) believes she currently has the upper hand in her court case, having put on the performance of a lifetime in recent scenes on Emmerdale to convince the jury she is not a killer. The villain has made a mockery of her sister, Manpreet (Rebecca Sarker), and Liam Cavanagh (Johnny McPherson) who have taken to the stand this week on the ITV soap to try and ensure the murderer gets sent down for a long time. However, the psychopath could feel she is losing control of the jurors in upcoming scenes and in a final attempt to claw back her freedom, she could dig deep into her past to reveal she is not part of the Jutla family at all. Since her arrival in the village in 2020, Meena has weaved in details about her past with Manpreet throughout her storylines. This has included her affair with her sister's first husband and a few, sparse things from their childhood, including how she felt Manpreet was always the favourite child. It could shortly be explained the reason the villain originally came to the village was because she had discovered she was adopted at birth. One of her mother's sisters could have had a child out of wedlock and not wanting to bring shame on her family, as she believed she would, she would have asked the Jutlas to take on her daughter as their own. They might not have planned for two children but with the sister making a desperate plea, Manpreet's mother could have reluctantly agreed. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby betrays Imran as he frames Abi As the girls got older, it could have been very clear Manpreet's parents wanted to shower their daughter with love and make Meena feel pushed out of the picture. The villain could have always wondered why she was so excluded and this could have forced her to develop a less empathic personality, meaning she could kill without feeling any remorse. When she found out about this, she could have arrived in the Dales to ask Manpreet if it was the truth but her discovery would never have been talked about as she saw a chance to rebuild her bond with her sister rather than destroy it. Fast forward to the present day in the court and seeing the jury are failing to fall under her control, Meena could expose her true heritage. Manpreet would be horrified but she could also know it makes sense in a way as her parents never showed much interest in Meena. The doctor would also realise Meena's backstory could see the jury become sympathetic towards her and they could decide she is not guilty of her crimes. This means the villain would walk out of jail a free woman and she could continue her reign of terror away from the village as she knows she wouldn't be able to return to the Dales. With no need to keep in contact with Manpreet anymore, she would cut all ties with her and bring their relationship to an end. Speaking on ITV's Lorraine on Thursday morning, the actress who plays Meena, Paige, teased a twist like this could be on the horizon. Paige explained of her character's final scenes: "I always imagined it would go a certain way, but it’s so much better than that. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Paige Sandhu teases Meena’s trial fate in tense scenes [COMMENT]Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT] "It’s just so dramatic and there’s one thing that’s going to come out tonight where I actually dropped my script [and gasped] ‘I can’t believe it,'" the actress continued. "This is a big, big secret that I think the audience will love," Paige added, dropping a big hint Manpreet's life could be changed forever. "[It's] really exciting and just adds another dimension to Meena, Meena’s relationship with her sister and the whole storyline." With Meena's impending exit on the horizon, Paige also said how she feels to have played such a villainous character: "It’s just been a delight." "I feel like Emmerdale just went into my brain and saw my dream character, plucked her out and put her on a page. She’s just an absolute dream of a character," the actress continued. "She gets to go crazy, wild and then you see moments like last night when she was on the stand, and she’s an incredible actress. It’s just been a dream.” It's just under two years since Paige joined the cast of Emmerdale as the serial killer and although the storyline could have gone on for longer, bosses needed to get rid of her. Last month, writer Sharon Marshall, who pens some of the scrips for the show, spoke on ITV's This Morning and explained the reason Meena had to go. The soap expert said: "We do love the serial killers and go, 'Is there a way to keep them in? Can people get away with it?'" "So we said, 'Is there a way legally she could go through this, if she pleads a certain way?'" Sharon continued to explain. "The research team read out 25 counts of illegal activity that she'd done just on-screen that we knew about, probably more off-screen. "She'd broken the law 25 times, so probably not," she stated, meaning it was on the cards Meena was going to have to leave in some way. Whether she walks free or goes down for a very long time is yet to be revealed but one way or another, she will go down in the history books as one of the soap's most iconic villains. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.