Prince Edward and Sophie Wessex began their royal tour of the Caribbean on April 22. On their first day, they met with Cyril Errol Melchiades Charles, Acting Governor-General of Saint Lucia, and his wife Anysia Charles, as well as Philip J. Pierre, Prime Minister of Saint Lucia. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how they approached this international engagement. While Sophie often takes the role of leader at public events, Prince Edward stepped up to the plate on this occasion, suggested the expert. He exemplified traditional royal male traits, for example, Prince Edward echoing his brother and father with his facial expressions. In a moment of contemplation and reflection, Edward’s moment of pause as he stands at the top of the plane stairs "shows him as a true Windsor prince." His "raised chin, lower jaw jut and his gaze off into the distance" are reflective of him being "Prince Charles' brother". READ MORE: Kate and William show 'emotional exhaustion' after 'comments by Harry' What's more, "his facial expression that combines a frown and a mouth smile look similar to the rather dashing expression of his late father". Judi stated: "When he walks he also clasps his hands behind his back in the signature pose adopted by Philip. "The closeness between father and son was only really revealed openly for the first time when Philip was in his last few weeks of life and now we can see those subliminal bonds reflected in the mirroring here." Indeed, the Queen's former press secretary believes that Prince Edward will one day be given his father's title, Duke of Edinburgh. In a tweet, he wrote: "That Prince Edward will become The Duke of Edinburgh in the next reign, it was his father's and is his mother's wishes and Prince Charles won't go against those." Based on these poses, Judi suggested that Edward is embodying his father in more than just name. Prince Edward has come into his own on this tour, continued the expert. She explained: "Edward and Sophie always role-swap when it comes to status signals in the UK. "Sophie often takes the role of leader while Edward adopts a less assertive role." She added: "Here though they appear to be mimicking the more formal approach of Charles and Camilla, with Edward very much in the forefront while Sophie adopts some more passive poses, with her hands and her small bag clasped in front of her torso." This was quite a contrast to Kate Middleton and Prince William during their own royal tour of the Caribbean, where Kate was "the royal star", she previously said. Overall, the couple combine a "traditional royal impact here, but with several nods to a more modern and even glitzier style of royalty". "Their overwhelming ability to charm though comes from their rather sweet body language impression of being a proud, loving mum and dad visiting on school open day." In honouring his father, and carrying out a royal engagement of such international magnitude, Edward embodied the qualities of a strong male leader. Judi concluded: "So far Sophie and Edward seem to have adopted a rather more old-school royal look, with Edward shining bright while Sophie accompanies him with smiles of warmth and pride. "Her stunning dress suggests she is intending to step further into the spotlight on this tour, but possibly not to eclipse her husband or risk compromising his moment of royal glory."