As the weather turns warmer, more pests will start to appear in people’s homes and gardens. The best way to get rid of pests – or reduce them – is to use non-chemical products you may already have in the house. Not only will these products be cheaper, but they will also be more environmentally friendly. Mark Smithson, CEO of nationwide electrical appliance experts Marks Electrical, has shared which products are best to get rid of ants. These products work inside the home and outside in the garden. Salt is a popular product that can be used against ants. READ MORE: Best place to live for pensioners to grow old in... and the worst Mark explained: “Salt is a good option and readily available in most people’s homes. “Table salt is fine and you can mix in a good amount of hot water and using a spray bottle, cover any entry points around the kitchen and home.” Surprisingly, homeowners can use peppermint to get rid of ants too. “Ants dislike the smell of peppermint,” Mark said.  “You can grab peppermint oil from most homeware stores and pharmacies. “Mix around 10 to 15 drops into a mug of water, or if adding to a spray bottle like the salt water, you can spray this in problem areas – and repeat regularly.” Chopped up Kendal Mint Cake or other foods containing peppermint can also work if you need a quick pest control fix and have nothing else in the cupboards. Mark continued: “Due to containing calcium carbonate, chalk is a good item to use in preventing ants around the kitchen. “Where you may have identified entry points for ants in the kitchen, you can spray powdered chalk around the entrance. “Finally lemons are also a great option,” Mark said. “Again, once the entry point is identified, grab some lemon peel and place it there. “Ants don’t like the bitter smell and therefore it will act as a natural deterrent for ants that should keep them away.” Ants, like many insects, are environmentally important, but some can be pests to people. Ants make nests that may damage or kill seeds or seedlings. Some also bite or sting and can be a nuisance in the home. The British Pest Control Association has also shared advice on how to get rid of ants, recommending pouring a kettle of boiling water over a nest of nets. The association also advised a sugar based liquid bait as ants are fans of sweet foods.