Maisie Williams, 24, landed the role of Arya Stark when she was just 12 years of age. The rebellious youngster was one of the most important point-of-view characters in George RR Martin’s A Song of Ice and Fire series, but the part proved challenging for the actress when it came to adapting Game of Thrones for HBO. The series regular revealed she sometimes “resented” playing Arya while she was going through puberty in the early stage of her career. Arya became Maisie’s first-ever acting credit when she was cast in 2011, joining one of the largest casts in television history. However, remaining such a key player in all eight seasons of the popular fantasy drama was a demanding job for the then-teenage star. “I think that when I started becoming a woman, I resented Arya because I couldn’t express who I was becoming,” she admitted. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces “And then I also resented my body, because I wasn’t aligned with the piece of me that the world celebrated.” Maisie explained these feelings began when she was handed a bra in the costume trailer before a day’s filming. The moment led her to realise she was growing up on-screen, with millions watching her transition into womanhood around the world. Her role in the series was especially difficult, as the young Stark is frequently mistaken for a boy. This allowed Arya to slip through the seedier parts of Westeros unnoticed following the death of her father, Ned Stark (played by Sean Bean). While her Game of Thrones role meant her film and TV career quickly skyrocketed, Maisie also revealed she doesn’t miss the eight years she spent with the character. She explained to GQ: “I don’t think it’s healthy [to miss it], because I loved it, I look at it so fondly, and I look at it with such great pride. “But why would I want to make myself feel sad about the greatest thing that ever happened to me?” DON'T MISS:Stranger Things season 4 trailer: Eleven's new enemy exposed in promo [THEORY]Law and Order’s Dylan McDermott says fans will ‘forget’ about Wheatley [INTERVIEW]The Walking Dead fans spot set mishap in season 11B finale [BLUNDER] “I don’t want to associate that with feelings of pain.” Maisie found herself in the public eye almost immediately when the HBO phenomenon debuted back in 2011. Thankfully, the show’s producers went to great lengths to ensure she and her co-stars, such as Sophie Turner and Emilia Clarke, were protected from media scrutiny. She didn’t walk her first red carpet until the show’s third season premiere, and she and Game of Thrones’ younger cast members rarely made public appearances. “I’m grateful we were protected from it until that point, too,” she recalled. “If that had happened when I was 12, I’m not sure what that would have done to me mentally.” Arya’s story may have come to an end, for now, but the world of Westeros will be resurrected later this year in the highly anticipated new prequel series, House of the Dragon. Maisie herself will also be taking on an exciting new role as punk icon Pamela Rooke in Danny Boyle’s Sex Pistols series for FX, Pistol. Game of Thrones seasons 1-8 are available to stream on HBO Max, Sky Go and NOW.