Victoria Beckham, 47, is currently in Miami as she prepares for her son Brooklyn Beckham's lavish wedding to Nicola Ann Peltz. She took a break from preparations to share a picture with her sister Louise Adams and her niece Tallulah May to celebrate her birthday. Victoria shared a picture on her Instagram story in view of her 29.5 million followers. In the picture, Victoria can be seen posing with her sister and niece in the loved up snap. Captioning the photo, she wrote: "Happy birthday... We love you so much!!" Victoria looked amazing in an elegant dark blue blouse, while her sister similarly wore an off the shoulder blue top. READ MORE: Ricky Gervais mocks backlash over Chris Rock's Jada Pinkett Smith joke Tallulah meanwhile stunned in a bright floral bandeau dress. She was later surrounded by family, among them David Beckham as they enjoyed a celebratory birthday meal at Miami-based Southeast Asian restaurant Komodo. Victoria later posted a second photo of her niece alongside grandparents Anthony and Jackie. This comes just days prior to Brooklyn's lavish wedding to Nicola on Saturday. The pair are due to exchange vows in front of a star-studded guest list in Florida but sadly Sir Elton John will be absent, as the date clashes with the rescheduled dates for his farewell tour. The Farewell Yellow Brick Road tour marks the final time the superstar will ever perform his music on a live stage. He will be in the same country as his godson that week but must perform in Knoxville, Tennessee on Friday, before travelling to Lexington, New York the following morning - the day of the wedding. Elton had been a trusted friend of Victoria for decades, even making a cameo appearance for the Spice World movie. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais defies woke claims Chris Rock 'deserved' slap at Oscars [OSCARS] Piers Morgan slams Hollywood's 'nauseating hypocrisy' over Will Smith [OPINION] Pamela Anderson, 54, stuns in fishnets and thigh-high boots [PICTURES] Brooklyn's bride Nicola, who, at 27, is four years Brooklyn's senior, is a model and actress by profession, having appeared in Hollywood movies Transformers: Age of Extinction and The Last Knight, plus popular TV show Bates Motel. Her career is ahead of that of Brooklyn, who is relatively new to the world of work. Recently, he began to carve out a career as a celebrity chef, only to endure public criticism after it was revealed that each eight-minute episode of his online show cost a jaw-dropping $100,000 (£74,000) to create. Meanwhile, some 62 members of staff were recruited to help him out in the kitchen, prior to him undertaking formal culinary training. The lavish wedding is set to take place this weekend in Miami and celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay will be one of the guests at the glitzy bash. All of the Spice Girls are said to have been invited too, alongside actress Eva Longoria, Madonna's son Rocco Richie and former footballer Phil Neville. Victoria and David also share Cruz, Harper Seven and Romeo Beckham. Romeo currently has a successful career in football, following in his father's footsteps.