Sophie Wessex is still on her visit to the Caribbean, with her husband Prince Edward, to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The Countess looked stunning for this morning’s Sunday church service in a retro-looking orange and pink polka dot dress on white silk. The ankle-length dress is the Suzannah 'Cora' Silk Tea Dress that cost £1,050.  It had a V-neck and three-quarter length sleeves bunched up in frills at the elbows. Sophie paired the dress with her blue pendant necklace she has been wearing constantly during this trip. For her earrings, she appeared to be wearing small gold hoop earrings. The Countess was seen carrying a Sophie Habsburg limited bean bag in 'pink cream few flower', for £310.  For her bracelet jewellery, Sophie re-wore her gold bracelet from heritage British brand Halcyon Days that she wore yesterday in St Vincent and the Grenadines. Interestingly, Kate Middleton and Sophie have both been pictured wearing the company's 'Maya' bangles. They come in a variety of colours and styles. The Duchess owns the aquamarine version, while the Countess has been spotted wearing the pearl bracelet.  The bangle is Caribbean inspired, with the description reading: "Our new Maya torque bangle has the blues. "Dive into the Caribbean with this latest blue and bejewelled twist on our classic design." The Maya bangles cost £115, and their Caribbean roots explain why Sophie chose to wear this bangle in St Vincent and the Grenadines. Halcyon Days is a very special company to the Royal Family and is one of only 14 businesses in the world to hold all three royal warrants.  For footwear, Sophie wore her Prada nude leather pumps. The shoes cost a whopping £545. Sophie’s outfit draws many comparisons to Princess Diana’s retro polka dot looks from the 1980s. In 1986, on the royal tour of Japan, Princess Diana wore a Catherine Walker printed peach, silk, polka dot dress.  The item looked very similar to Sophie’s number from today. Diana also wore similar prints designed by Laura Ashley in the 1990s. At the church service today, Prince Edward gave a speech to promote the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Armed soldiers could be seen waiting outside the church to provide protection amid suspected protests. 