“The gig is up Prime Minister,” he said, after pointing out that anybody else in public life found to have broken the law would have either resigned or been sacked. Messages I have been getting throughout the debate on whether the Prime Minister should be referred for investigation by the Standards and Privileges Committee over Partygate suggest that the former Brexit minister is right. “This has been a cluster ****!” one senior insider texted me after an astonishing last-minute U-turn by the Government to allow Tory MPs a free vote on the Prime Minister’s fate. Added to that Tory backbenchers had forced the Government to ditch an amendment that would have put an investigation into the Prime Minister’s conduct including a fine into the long grass. Sources have also suggested that the situation is set to take a turn for the worse for Mr Johnson with as many as four more fines for Partygate transgressions expected. One MP noted that the “total chaos” was reminiscent of the attempts to save former Cabinet minister Owen Paterson when the Government whipped Tory MPs to prevent him from being suspended for breaking lobbying rules. “Don’t they [ministers] remember that’s what turned a summer of love with an amazing honeymoon period for the PM into a winter of discontent for the party,” an MP blasted. After Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer gave an impassioned speech another Tory MP texted to say: “Unfortunately for the PM, Starmer just gave his best speech ever in the chamber, In the privilege motion debate on his conduct. And the PM is not here. Always dangerous times when the PM is out of the country.” READ MORE: Ex-Thatcher aide slams Civil Service over Rwanda asylum scheme The Prime Minister had hoped that his landmark trip to India to discuss and trade deal and security with a key ally would put things into perspective and show he is getting on with the job. But instead he has left behind a political mess. The Tory MP who praised Starmer soon after confirmed that he would be voting against the Prime Minister even though he feared “all of us who do so will have targets on our back.” He was not the only one with the right of the party beginning to abandon the man who had delivered them Brexit. The intervention by former chief Whip Mark Harper followed by Mr Baker in the debate has shown that he is rapidly losing friends. Both men led the resistance to lockdown rules with their Covid Recovery Group of MPs which eventually forced the Prime Minister to ditch restrictions early after an embarrassing rebellion in December. It is understood that Mr Johnson would have been forced out earlier had he not met the demands of his backbenchers to move away from covid restrictions before his scientific advisers wanted. DON'T MISS India trade deal: Boris declares aim for multi-billion pound boost [REVELATION]Boris savaged by Tory MP in brutal attack over ‘toxic atmosphere' [REACTION]'The UK and Canada will tackle Russia's sex crimes in Ukraine' [INSIGHT] An attempted coup in March only failed because the right of the party remained loyal. But patience is running out. A former Brexiteer ally and ex-cabinet minister called to say: “Boris just can’t lead us into the next election. It’s a disaster.” Meanwhile Tory MPs and party insiders are looking for the next leader already. One messaged to say that Education Secretary Nadhim Zahawi, who was the vaccines minister, is the “dark horse in the race.” “Doesn't have baggage. Boy done good. Popular/good media performer. I reckon the others will destroy each other and he nicks it,” the insider said. Others are pushing Home Secretary Priti Patel to step forward after winning over many party critics on immigration with her Rwanda scheme. But she is said to be hesitating. A Techne UK poll for Express online shows that of the cabinet ministers Defence Secretary Ben Wallace is the favourite with 16 percent of public support and 25 percent of Tory voters with Foreign Secretary Liz Truss also popular. But in these unpredictable times if Mr Johnson is forced out by a thousand cuts then there could be a surprise winner.