The Royal Family of Monaco released new family portraits during the Easter holidays where Princess Albert and Princess Charlene can be seen posing with their two children Prince Jacques and Princess Gabriella. The pictures seem to be taken in the gardens of the Prince's Palace of Monaco which is the main residence of the family. Princess Charlene chose a beautiful long silky dress for the Easter portraits. The delicate floral gown in white and grey is the Celine Georgette Cape Sleeve Dress. The Celine website describes the design as a "dress with cape sleeves in floral print silk" and has a price tag of £1,950. READ MORE: Daily horoscope for April 19: Your star sign, astrology and zodiac Princess Charlene spent a lot of time in South Africa last year due to an illness when rumours about her marriage started circulating. The royal didn't see her two children, Princess Gabriella and Prince Jacques, as well as her husband Prince Albert, for a very long time. Royal fans took to social media to comment on the beautiful portraits and were glad to see Charlene looked happy with her family. Instagram user @rachelhlhannam said: "Stunning" and @niveen_beauty commented: "So happy to see these photos."  Royal watcher @seugnet777 said: "This is a beautiful picture!" Another one, @mademoiselle_andrea, agreed: "Is nice to see her back. Hope she's doing well. "The children look so happy with their mother." Royal fan @boyle0527 said: "Lovely photo of the family in blended colours of their wardrobe." Another fan, @paulaarsans, said the Princess chose a "really nice dress". "I hope she is feeling better," she added. Instagram user @frog06000 commented: "HSH Princess Charlene looks so much better. "Hopefully she is fully recovered soon." Royal fan @melissakenneylimhp added: "I absolutely love her pixie haircut." "HSH looks the best we've seen in a long time. I hope she really feels good too. "Very beautiful, delicate dress that goes perfectly with her pixie cut. "I hope this is the start of things looking up for Princess Charlene," commented @goosegirlenfys.