The Christine Quinn-centred drama continued to dominate the fifth season of Selling Sunset but this time around, Netflix viewers were introduced to a new friend of the outspoken blonde bombshell. Chelsea Lazkani and Christine hit it off from the get-go in season five and the newcomer quickly integrated into the office and witnessed firsthand the drama that follows Christine and the likes of Mary Fitzgerald and Chrishell Stause. However, it was fellow Oppenheim Group agent Davina Potratz who found herself on the wrong side of Chelsea due to her relationship with Christine. In the ninth episode of season five, titled Sabotage in Stilettos, the tensions finally boiled over after Davina was confronted about her fraught relationship with Christine at Maya Vander’s farewell tea party. Keen to clear the air with Chelsea who instigated the conversation, Davina invited the Selling Sunset newcomer for lunch the next day. Davina said to viewers back at the office: “I was very taken aback after the tea party. I felt a little bit ambushed. “I was caught off-guard, so I wanna talk to Chelsea to see if we can maybe clear the air and hopefully we can have more of an open conversation without Christine.” “How are you enjoying your first few days at the Oppenheim Group?” Davina said to Chelsea back at the restaurant, prompting her to reply: “You know, I’m treading lightly a bit because I think there’s a lot of tension. But Maya’s goodbye brunch was really fun yesterday. How are you feeling?” READ MORE: Selling Sunset’s Jason Oppenheim ‘faked’ call as fans spot blunder Davina came clean: “I’m good. You know, I - at the tea party, I… I just want you to know, you basically pushed a button with me about Christine. I love Christine. I know she’s so sweet and fun.” “Do you really love Christine?” Chelsea probed, to which Davina defended: “I do, I really do. And you can ask everybody, I’ve been defending her. But when she talks s**t about me, puts me in positions that are difficult, and she hurts people I care about, all of that combined hurts me. I just broke down because I felt overwhelmed.” Chelsea then tried to share her side of the argument: “Okay, so you know, I invited you, I invited all the ladies because I really wanted to get to know you, and I felt like there was a point where you were alluding to the fact that I invited you to, kind of talk about things that would make you feel uncomfortable. Is that really how you feel?” Davina replied: “I don’t feel like you were trying to make me uncomfortable. I was worried about Christine because she didn’t speak at all. And so I thought, ‘This is not the Christine that I know’, and I wasn’t sure if she had asked you (to say)… You know what I mean?” “Asked me! I’m not her parrot,” Chelsea snapped back as Davina tried to clarify: “Because she wasn’t speaking up and she just looked so sad and you were only speaking in her defence made me feel like you were her soldier. I don’t know, maybe you were like speaking for her so I was like -“ “I wasn’t speaking for her,” Chelsea interrupted. “You can understand that as the new person in the group, like I have a genuine curiosity to understand why there is so much chaos, and where I fit into this chaos.” “I hear you now, but how Christine hates being bullied, I felt a little bit bullied,” Davina pointed out, prompting another outburst from Chelsea: “By me!?” “No just by the situation, not you. Just -“ Davina tried to say but Chelsea’s irritations only grew as she hit back: “I was the only one speaking!” “I mean I cried because I was upset,” Davina added which prompted an unsympathetic response from Chelsea who said:  “Yeah, I was almost like, ‘Girls, why are you crying?’” DON'T MISS:Chelsea Lazakani age: How old is Chelsea from Selling Sunset?Selling Sunset's Maya Vander announces exit in heartbreaking scenesChristine Quinn storms out of brokers meeting after Selling Sunset row Davina again tried to get her point across: “There’s been a lot of emotion going on with Christine and I. That’s the nerve you hit. It wasn’t even about you. It was just overwhelming.” Chelsea replied: “I get it, but I don’t like that you think that I’m Christine’s mouthpiece because I’m not. These are my own opinions and if every single time I ask you something, you kind of go into defence mode and victim mode, then we can’t have a relationship.” “No, that’s why we’re talking openly now, does that make sense?” Davina sharply cut in. Chelsea clearly didn’t appreciate the tone of Davina’s remark as she said to the camera at the office: “The shadiness is her way of telling me you don’t like me, but not being direct about it. So I do have my eye on Davina because some of those shady comments are uncalled for.” Back at the lunch, Chelsea told Davina: “I’m gonna give you the benefit of the doubt, but I’m putting you on notice. Don’t shade me. Don’t cut me off. Don’t come at me with any of that bulls**t.” “I think when you don’t know someone and you come at them like this, then it’s difficult to demand respect,” Davina protested but Chelsea’s anger took over as she barked back: “Wow, I’m gonna be so honest with you. I could puke right now. Like, this is absurd. I don’t know if you’re overly sensitive…” “You don’t even know me!” Davina hit out before Chelsea argued: “Let me finish! Let me finish talking. If you don’t want me to give this energy I’m giving to you now in front of people, just respect me.” But Davina had enough and got to her feet to storm out of the meeting, saying to her co-star: “I’m not doing this, I’m just not doing this. Seriously, this is crazy.” Selling Sunset seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix now.