NBC’S Today show revealed on Tuesday that the Duke of Sussex had spoken to presenter Hoda Kotb while in the Netherlands for the Invictus Games, which are currently taking place in The Hague. The Network said the chat covers “the Invictus Games, his surprise visit with the Queen and life with his wife Meghan Markle”. The interview will be previewed on NBC Nightly News on Tuesday night and aired in full on Wednesday.  The chat comes roughly a year after Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle gave a bombshell interview to Oprah Winfrey in which the couple opened up about life as senior royals, including accusing unnamed royals of racism against their son Archie before he was born. Meghan also accused the institution of failing to help her when she was suicidal. The television interview was the first time the couple spoke at length about their struggles as part of 'the firm' since they stepped back as senior royals and moved to the United States with son Archie in early 2020. The chat threw the Royal Family into chaos, with the Queen herself issuing a statement following the interview. The monarch expressed her "concern" over allegations of racism and said she was "saddened" after learning how challenging the couple had found life as working royals.  The Queen said issues would be dealt with "privately" by the royal family. However, she added that some recollections of events "may vary". Prince Harry also granted the BBC an interview yesterday during which he spoke publicly for the first time about his surprise visit to see the Queen last week. The Sussexes stopped off to see the monarch at Windsor Castle before heading to the Invictus Games. He said it was "great to see her" and that the Queen would have loved to attend the games "if she could".  He told the BBC: "She had plenty of messages for Team UK which I've already passed on to most of them." Harry, who founded the event for sick and injured military personnel and veterans in 2014, flew to London before travelling to the Hague for the start of the games. The meeting was said to be "very cordial" and "incredibly warm and good natured", The Mirror reported. Harry is set to stay in the Netherlands for the duration of the games, which run until Friday. Meghan has reportedly returned to California where the couple live with son Archie, now two, and 11-month-old Lilibet. The Queen is yet to meet her great-granddaughter Lilibet, who was named after the monarch's own childhood nickname.  The surprise visit to the Queen was seen by some royal commentators as an "olive branch" following a turbulent two years for relations between the Sussexes and the rest of the royal family. Prince Harry also reportedly briefly met his father Prince Charles during his visit to Windsor Castle. The couple did not attend the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service in London last month. Meanwhile, it was reported today that Harry and Meghan have been invited to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations this summer but will not be granted a "formal role" in the celebrations. The Telegraph reported that the couple had also been invited to a number of other events open to the wider family, including the service of thanksgiving for the Queen's reign to be held at St Paul's Cathedral. The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. 