Meghan Markle has a large and valuable jewellery collection, with many pieces special and new only to her, while others have been inherited by her late mother-in-law, Princess Diana. Even before the Invictus Games even properly began yesterday, April 16, Meghan had already worn £300,000 worth of jewellery in The Hague. Meghan and Harry’s first engagement in The Hague was the Invictus Games’ reception, on Friday, April 15. The Duchess of Sussex opted for an all-white trouser suit from Valentino, but her jewellery stood out just as much as her clothes. Her pieces were steeped in meaning and a mixture of old and new. She donned Princess Diana’s gold Cartier watch, as well as the Cartier diamond earrings she wore on both her wedding day and for her son Archie’s christening. READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham marries into astonishingly wealthy family Meghan also opted to wear her engagement ring, as well as her simple Welsh gold wedding band. Unique, rarely seen pieces were also part of her look – a gold pendant engraved with a romantic French poem, and a thin hand chain. How much did each piece cost the Duchess? The earrings Meghan wore to her wedding and Archie’s christening are small diamond studs from Cartier and are priced at £12,000.  Meghan’s gold pendant was made by designer Sophie Lis and bears a reference to a French poem. The words “qu’hier” and “que demain” are engraved on it, as well as a diamond encrusted plus sign and a ruby encrusted minus sign. These words refer to the 19th century poem ‘The Eternal Song’ by the French poet Rosemonde Gérard. They specifically refer to the line: “Every day I love you more, more than yesterday less than tomorrow.” The necklace costs £400, but 10 percent of its sales go to the animal welfare charity Wild at Heart Foundation. Meghan’s rings are two of the most important pieces in her collection as they represent her marriage. One is her gold wedding band, which was custom made from Welsh gold and gifted to her by the Queen. This follows tradition as every royal bride is given a wedding ring made from the gold mined at Clogau St David’s mine in Bontddu, North Wales. The other ring next to Meghan’s wedding ring was her engagement ring, worth a whopping £271,000. The ring is made from a square-cut diamond from Botswana, where the couple had been on holiday before they wed, and two smaller diamonds from Princess Diana’s collection. These stones sit on either side of the central diamond. For the Invictus Games’ reception, Meghan also chose to wear a gold hand chain on her left hand. It was a thin gold piece from the New York-based brand Catbird, called the ‘Kitten Mitten’ and costing £234. The Duchess completed her look with Princess Diana’s gold Cartier watch. A sentimental piece, the watch was gifted to Meghan from Harry and was worth £17,800 at the time. In total, the jewellery pieces Meghan wore to the Games’ reception on April 15 cost £300,000.