It is not yet certain where the Queen’s grandson will travel to the UK in June to take part in events in celebration of her Platinum Jubilee. But speculation has now arisen over whether Prince Charles might meet with his son one month earlier for potential talks which could see him attempt to convince Prince Harry to come to Britain. Clarence House announced earlier today, on Monday, the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall will visit Canada in May to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebration. They will meet communities in Newfoundland and Labrador, Ottawa and Northwest Territories. It will be their first visit to Canada since 2017, with Prince Charles having first visited more than half a decade ago, in 1970. Clarence House revealed in a post on Twitter Canada was the most visited country by the Queen during her reign. It also shared part of a speech by Prince Charles when in Canada with the Duchess of Cornwall in which he said: “It is, as always, a special joy to be back in Canada again – a place that is very dear to us both. “We are always made to feel so much at home in Canada and are greatly touched by the warmth of your welcome.” Prince Harry and Meghan lived in Canada after announcing at the beginning of 2020 they were stepping back as senior royals. Meghan Markle had previously lived there while filming the TV series “Suits”. READ MORE: Prince Andrew and Fergie hastily delete HRH from Instagram post They soon moved to the US, though this bordering Canada has spurred questions over a possible royal meeting next month. Prince Harry did not travel to the UK for the service of thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, as he remains in a row with the Home Office over his UK security. His legal representative earlier in the year clarified his US-based private security “cannot replicate the necessary police protection needed whilst in the UK”. DON'T MISS: Andrew to remain firmly 'off stage' despite settlement [REVEAL] Charles and Camilla's Coronation plans unveiled [REPORT] Meghan and Harry blasted for staying silent on 'dramatic' Camilla coup [OPINION] Harry offered to pay for British police protection, but the Home Office denied his request. A lawyer representing the Government insisted: “Personal protective security by the police is not available on a privately-financed basis.” Some commentators have expressed expectations the same concerns will also stop the Duke of Sussex travelling to Britain to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee later this year. Though Telegraph Associate Editor Camilla Tominey has suggested questions over security could, for Prince Harry’s wife, at least, be a cover for another completely different concern. In a January article titled “Perhaps Meghan just doesn’t want to visit the UK”, she wrote: “Maybe what the Sussexes are really trying to tell us is that Meghan categorically doesn’t [want to come to the UK].” Clarence House has not commented on whether Charles will meet Harry and Meghan during his visit to Canada.