Columnist Jan Moir said the Princess Royal, 71, has "never tried to cash in on her status". Ms Moir added that the Queen's daughter was a "royal revolutionary" without any "grandstanding". Writing in the Daily Mail, Ms Moir said: "She has never tried to cash in on her status, push herself into the limelight, overstay her welcome, endear herself to the public or try to be something she is not. "If Harry and Meghan really want a new way or to carve out a ‘progressive new role within the Royal Family’, they could do far worse than follow her inspiring example. "Just look at Princess Anne! Underneath her unchanging hairstyle and sensible tights, she is a royal revolutionary. "She did it all her way — and did it without a speck of fuss or the need for grandstanding." Ms Moir made the comments in 2020 after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex had announced their bombshell Megxit decision. In a rare interview in April 2020 to mark her 70th birthday, Anne cautioned younger royals not to “reinvent the wheel”. Speaking to Vanity Fair, the Princess Royal described herself as “the boring old fuddy-duddy at the back saying ‘don’t forget the basics’.” Anne, who is widely recognised as one of the most hardworking and popular royals, said: “I don’t think this younger generation probably understands what I was doing in the past and it’s often true, isn’t it? READ MORE: Kate and Anne join forces to 'maximise potential of popular royals' “You don’t necessarily look at the previous generation and say, ‘oh, you did that?’ or, ‘you went there?’ “Nowadays they’re much more looking for ‘oh, let’s do it a new way’. "And I’m already at the stage [of] ‘please do not reinvent that particular wheel. "We’ve been there, done that. Some of these things don’t work. You may need to go back to basics’.” DON'T MISSPrince Harry was 'always' going to leave Royal Family [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan 'stunned' by 'shut door' [LIVE BLOG]Meghan and Harry once targeted by hackers who demanded Duke's return [ANALYSIS] Harry and Meghan wanted a half-in half-out model when they revealed plans to step back as senior royals in January 2020. They had hoped to continue supporting the Queen while earning their own money. But the idea was deemed unworkable amid fears they would be accused of cashing in on their royal status. The couple are now living in the celebrity enclave of Montecito in California after ending royal duties in March 2020.