The mercury could nudge 23C as a high-pressure system brings brilliant sunshine over the Easter weekend. Above-average temperatures for the time of year could even top those seen in southern Europe. Met Office forecaster Helen Roberts said: "The weather for this Easter weekend isn’t looking too bad at all with high pressure tending to dominate at least as we start the weekend. A slight change on the way as we head towards Easter Monday. "There will be some clouds in western parts of England and Wales and that cloud thicken enough for a few showery outbreaks of rain but a lot of dry weather about and feeling very warm in the sunshine, in fact it could be the warmest day of the year so far with temperatures into the low 20Cs." She continued: "For central and eastern areas there will be bright and sunny spells and in that sunshine feeling really quite warm with temperatures into the low 20Cs. "Do bear in mind it is very easy to burn in the sunshine at this time of year."  Met Office meteorologist Steven Keates said highs of up to 23C are possible. He said: "It’s looking like Friday will be the warmest day of the year with highs of 22 to 23C, probably most likely in London. "The current highest temperature is 20.8C which was recorded in two places, St James's Park in London on March 23 and Treknow in Cornwall on March 25, so we should beat that tomorrow. Widely, it will be quite a warm day." Mr Keates urged beach-goers to stick on the sunscreen to protect against UV levels which are higher than average.  READ MORE ABOUT GREGGS CHARGING ENGLISH SPEAKERS MORE The strength of UV rays could hit six, which is high according to the Met Office’s index. Friday night will be dry with clear spells for much of the south. However, the far southwest will see low cloud, mist and fog.It will be cloudier further north with a few spots of rain for central and northern Scotland. For Saturday, any rain will clear over northern Scotland and it will be dry for most of the UK with patchy cloud cover and sunny spells.  DON'T MISS: Spain outraged as massive US nuclear submarine arrives in Gibraltar [REVEALED] Pretty country village to house asylum seekers but residents 'unaware' [REPORT] Meghan and Harry's covert visit to Queen at Windsor Castle confirmed [LATEST] In Northern Ireland later, it will turn cloudy with rain arriving. On Sunday, eastern and central areas will be dry with sunshine while Northern Ireland and the far west of Britain will be cloudier with spells of rain as a weather front moves in from the Atlantic. Western Scotland and Northern Ireland will be mostly cloudy on Easter Monday with a few spells of rain. It will be largely dry and bright elsewhere. Temperatures range from 18C in London to 15C in Cardiff, 13C in Liverpool, 11C in Aberdeen and Belfast.  Met Office forecaster Richard Miles said: "Largely it’s going to be pleasant until Sunday for most areas across the UK. "The warmest weather will probably be on Friday, but it will stay well above average for most of Saturday and Sunday too. "The average temperature for this time of year is roughly 12C – so it will be around 10C warmer for an April day."  Widespread rainfall is forecast through next week, according to the BBC's Nick Miller. Tuesday could be drier. Lower pressure is expected later next week with a chance of rain, although it does not look too wet. 