Liverpool have been linked with a surprise last-gasp swoop for Kylian Mbappe as the French superstar enters the final months of his PSG contract. The 23-year-old is yet to decide his future amid claims he could yet extend his stay in Paris despite being courted by Real Madrid. Many within the game feel Mbappe's move to the Bernabeu is just a matter of time having been years in the making. The forward spent time with Zinedine Zidane looking around the club's Valdebebas training ground during his Monaco days before a move collapsed. Karim Benzema has already declared that he is waiting for his compatriot to join him in the Spanish capital, however, the move is no longer a foregone conclusion. That's because L'Equipe (print edition) claim new clubs may now have entered the fray after Mbappe revealed there were "new elements" to consider. READ MORE: PSG 'could sell Lionel Messi and Neymar to MLS this summer' in surprise transfer twist The report claims one of those sides could be Liverpool. It's suggested that although Mbappe is seemingly out of Liverpool's financial reach, the Reds have the muscle to put together a 'bold financial package.' Manchester City are also included among the potential suitors with only Real Madrid conclusively in the race at this stage. As things stand, Mbappe could join another club on a free transfer at the end of June, when his PSG deal is up. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'issued Man Utd transfer ultimatum' involving Ralf Rangnick during interviewTottenham 'reconsider Lautaro Martinez' transfer after agreeing £60m deal last summerMan Utd have interviewed 'mystery boss' battling Erik ten Hag and Pochettino for job He came close to signing with Real Madrid in January but was convinced to bide his time by PSG chiefs, who have tried to talk him into a new contract. Reports in France earlier this week appeared to suggest Mbappe had agreed terms on an extension that will be announced in May. Liverpool have long been linked with Mbappe, who has an excellent relationship with their manager Jurgen Klopp. Back in November 2019, Klopp played down the idea of a shock move for Mbappe but the picture may now have changed given he'd be available on a free transfer. “Buying this calibre of player is difficult. I don't see any club at the moment who can buy Kylian Mbappe from PSG," Klopp said. "I don't see any club, that is how it is. And we are involved in the clubs that cannot do it. It is as easy as that. "Okay, from a sporting point of view, there are not a lot of reasons to not sign him. What a player he is. "But it is about the money of course. No chance. Absolutely no chance. Sorry for killing that story." Liverpool would also have to break their current wage structure to land one of the world's best players. Mbappe currently earns £413,000 per week - which is nearly double the salary of Liverpool's top earner Virgil van Dijk. Any deal would likely hinge on the future of Mohamed Salah and whether the Reds believe the Egyptian will extend his stay at Anfield.