Phone in caller Cormac discussed Prime Minister Boris Johnson's visits to Ukraine over the past few years, the latest one being over the weekend. As the war in Ukraine has been raging for well over a month due to the Russian onslaught, Mr Johnson paid Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky a visit. Caller Cormac claimed that Ukraine would say that England is their best friend and close ally but they don't want to upset America. NATO and Western countries have been offering support and weapons to Ukraine to help them fight off the Russian bombardment. Caller Cormac said: "Shortly after the annexation of Crimea, Britain has been Ukraine's best friend on the face of the earth. "I'll say that the Ukrainians won't say that for diplomatic reasons, they'll say amount our best friends. "Because they cant upset the Americans or whoever else. "But you ask any Ukrainian, and Boris Johnson has been front and centre of that. JUST IN: Brexit ‘silver lining’ for businesses as huge move making UK ‘more resilient’ to shocks     Caller Cormac added: "In the two years I was out there I think he visited Kyiv three times. "He also instigated something called Ukraine reform conference, which I attended the first one in London in 2017. "So, he's done... you know his commitment to Ukraine, goes well back. "What he did on Saturday was absolutely huge, and I speak to, in fact, I'm doing some work with a senior Ukrainian diplomat later today and he will tell you. "In fact, he spoke to Sheila Fogarty this particular chat on Saturday, he would tell you Britain and Boris, Ukraine's best friend."   READ MORE: Rishi Sunak refuses to resign as inquiry is launched into ‘damaging’ financial affairs    Whilst on his visit to Ukraine Mr Johnson said: “It is a privilege to be able to travel to Ukraine and meet President Zelenskyy in person in Kyiv today. Ukraine has defied the odds and pushed back Russian forces from the gates of Kyiv, achieving the greatest feat of arms of the 21st century. “It is because of President Zelensky’s resolute leadership and the invincible heroism and courage of the Ukrainian people that Putin’s monstrous aims are being thwarted. “I made clear today that the United Kingdom stands unwaveringly with them in this ongoing fight, and we are in it for the long run. “We are stepping up our own military and economic support and convening a global alliance to bring this tragedy to an end, and ensure Ukraine survives and thrives as a free and sovereign nation.”  DON’T MISS: Le Pen joins Macron in next round despite Eurosceptic Melenchon 'breathing down her neck' A No 10 spokeswoman said of the visit: “The Prime Minister has travelled to Ukraine to meet President Zelenskyy in person, in a show of solidarity with the Ukrainian people. They will discuss the UK’s long term support to Ukraine and the PM will set out a new package of financial and military aid.” American President Joe Biden visited Poland earlier this month, where he also offered support to Ukraine. Western countries have imposed tougher economic sanctions on Russia, and given Ukraine weapons, ammunition and tanks to defend their country. Mr Zelensky has continued to ask for more support as peace talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin are ongoing, with no clear sign to the end of the war.