Elon Musk has pulled off a $44 billion deal to take over the social media platform Twitter. Mr Musk hasn’t yet disclosed what his plan is, but he previously apologised for being a “free speech absolutist” - after claiming his Starlink satellites had been asked to block Russian media. To political commentator Emma Webb, Elon Musk’s takeover of the platform means more political freedom of speech, which has the liberal left freaking out. Speaking to GB News, Ms Webb said: “And today what we’ve seen – really the liberal left – completely losing their mind over this because they’re essentially afraid that their political opponents will be able to express themselves and will no longer be censored. “Elon Musk has been outspoken about his support of what some people might probably describe – and probably he would describe himself – as libertarian views when it comes to freedom of speech. “And he’s been quite clear that his intention in buying Twitter in this way and putting in this bid in the first place was to try and save what he’s described himself and many people have as well as the new public square. “That is what Twitter has become. He believes that this is something that is important for the future of democracy – that all views can be shared on that platform.” Mr Musk has criticised Twitter policies of moderating content. A number of political figures have been banned from Twitter such as Donald Trump. And given his stance on speech freedom, there is speculation Mr Musk could bring banned users back onto the platdorm. “Free speech is the bedrock of a functioning democracy, and Twitter is the digital town square where matters vital to the future of humanity are debated," Elon Musk said on announcing the deal. READ MORE: Elon Musk health: Entrepreneur's top tips to improve quality of sleep Elon Musk’s takeover of Twitter has had some governments worry about users’ protection. Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s official spokesperson said: “Regardless of ownership, all social media platforms must be responsible.” DON'T MISS: Jameela Jamil quits Twitter after Elon Musk buys site for $44 billion [REPORT]'Not going on!’ Donald Trump rejects chance to rejoin Twitter despite [REPORT]How did Elon Musk become the richest man in the world? [ANALYSIS]   Ms Webb continued: “So, we’ve seen them expressing some of the same concerns that people on the right or liberals, traditional liberals, classical liberals, have been saying for a very long time, which is that we don’t want to be censored anymore. “And they are suggesting that this is bad news. I think, on the contrary, this is extremely good news.”