Ukraine wants sanctions crippling enough to force Russia to end its war after accusing some countries of putting economic wellbeing above punishment for civilian killings that the West condemns as war crimes. The democratic world must stop buying Russian oil and completely block Russian banks from the international finance system, President Volodymyr Zelensky said in his daily video address early on Thursday. Former Prime Minister of Ukraine Arseniy Yatsenyuk revealed President Putin's plans for Ukrainians. Speaking to LBC, Mr Yatsenyuk said: "I want to be very clear about President Putin and about his personality. "He's a Nazi-style leader, he is racist and he has his own Mein Kampf. "More than half a year ago, Putin actually published his Mein Kampf. "It was a crazy, historical article about Ukraine and the Ukrainian nation which to put it in a nutshell, he actually said there is no Ukraine and no Ukrainian people. READ MORE: China launches sensational attack on NATO "His ultimate goal is to take over Ukraine and exterminate Ukrainian people and that is actually what his military is doing - war crimes and crimes against humanity. "He is personally responsible and every single Russian soldier. "They are not soldiers, they are war criminals." It comes as Google has blocked the YouTube channel of the Duma - Russia's lower house of parliament - following the latest US sanctions on Moscow over the invasion of Ukraine. In a statement, the US tech giant - which owns YouTube - said it was committed to compliance with "all applicable sanctions and trade compliance laws". The move drew an angry response from the Duma speaker Vyacheslav Volodin, who accused the United States of trying to achieve a "monopoly of information". "It is another proof of Washington's violation of rights and freedoms," he was quoted as saying by the Russian news agency Tass. DON'T MISS 'Arrogant and incapable' Macron's time in power savaged [INSIGHT]Emmanuel Macron issued warning that 'risk of Le Pen is victory high' [ANALYSIS]Ukraine LIVE: Scared Russian soldiers abandon TANKS in 'hasty' retreat [LIVE] "Washington is ignoring all the principles of democracy to make sure that all platforms, including YouTube, present only the US position. The United States seeks a monopoly on information but we can't have that." A spokesman for Google said: "Google is committed to compliance with all applicable sanctions and trade compliance laws. "If we find that an account violates our terms of service, we take appropriate action. Our teams are closely monitoring the situation for any updates and changes." The move comes after YouTube last month removed a Russian prank channel which ran clips of hoax calls, purportedly from Ukrainian ministers, to UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace and Home Secretary Priti Patel.