Gary Neville has told the Ricketts family to move on from their attempts of buying Chelsea. The Ricketts, who own Major League Baseball team Chicago Cubs, are one of the four final bidders in the race to buy Chelsea. However, Blues supporters have come out strongly against their proposed takeover. Fans protested outside Stamford Bridge on Saturday before the 4-1 loss to Brentford. Joe Ricketts is claimed to have described muslims as "my enemy" in leaked emails from 2019. And Chelsea fans have made it clear they do not want the family anywhere near their club. Speaking on the Gary Neville podcast, Neville says it would be the right decision for the Ricketts to move on. The former Manchester United right-back says clubs in England must not have owners that supporters are so against. READ MORE: Gary Lineker threatens to block Match of the Day Twitter account over Man Utd post  He said: "I have to say, if I were the Ricketts family, and you're getting that type of hostility on the way in, move away. Move away. "The fans are important. And I think if you're managing this bid and you're the Government at this moment in time, if they've got any say whatsoever in who takes over, I don't know if it's the Government that are accepting what happens with the bids or whether it's Bruce Buck and the organisation that was appointed by Roman Abramovich. "But I would say that really we've got to make sure now, particularly at the biggest clubs in the country, we've seen with the Glazer family here at Manchester United, we've seen other examples where owners have come in and are unpopular like Mike Ashley at Newcastle. It drains the absolute life, not just out of the football club, but out of the city and out of everybody watching because the energy goes. "That can't happen at the football club. It's not just about best bids, it's about what the fans want. DON'T MISSArsenal hero Robert Pires picks four players he 'really likes' in Arteta's squad [INTERVIEW]Newcastle plotting Arnaut Danjuma swap transfer with Miguel Almiron [GOSSIP]Liverpool star Diogo Jota silences Jamie Redknapp after headed goal in Watford win [REACTION]  "The Ricketts family are trying to reach out to Chelsea fans but they do have some historic issues that need dealing with and need explaining. Actually, at this moment in time, they're not being explained very well, or if they are being explained, they're not accepting it." The Chelsea Supporters Trust released a statement on Saturday revealing the results of a survey where 77 per cent of fans who responded were against the Ricketts' bid. The statement read: At present, it is clear that our membership neither supports nor has confidence in the Ricketts family’s bid for the club. “This is reflective of wider concerns articulated by large, vocal sections of Chelsea’s supporter base. The CST Board is guided by our membership, and thus we do not currently believe it is in the best interests of our members for the Ricketts family’s bid to succeed." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 