Princess Anne arrived at the National Museum and Art Gallery on day two of her royal trip to Papua New Guinea. This royal tour is on behalf of the Queen, in celebration of the Platinum Jubilee. After appearing at schools and hospitals this morning, the Princess Royal took a lovely trip to the National Museum where she stunned in a new outfit. On this occasion, Anne appeared to be wearing a beige skirt and blazer suit dress that looked great on the Princess. The satin-looking material was cinched in at the waist with three consecutive buttons. The skirt was knee-length with a slit along the side of it, adding a little bit of character to the outfit. READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham marries into astonishingly wealthy family Princess Anne also chose beige gloves, a beige handbag and beige loafer pumps to complete her outfit. The Queen's daughter added delicate gold earrings and a simple gold chain necklace to her outfit. Anne actually wore these jewellery pieces already on this trip. The royal wore them over the weekend in Australia.  This is not the first time Anne has re-worn items of her wardrobe during this royal tour. Earlier today she wore a beige pinstripe suit which she also wore yesterday after arriving in Papua New Guinea. Princess Anne is rarely seen without her hair teased into a classic chignon, and the iconic hairstyle has become synonymous with the royal's unrivalled sense of style. She also accessorised with a glistening gold brooch, which has not been seen before on the royal. The brooch appeared to feature a flower that looked like two drooping tulips. The stem of the plant was glistening with little diamonds, as were the petals of the flowers. Before arriving at the museum, Anne was seen laying a wreath at the Cross of Sacrifice during a visit to the Bomana Cemetery in Port Moresby. For this, Anne wore the same outfit that she wore to the museum. Both the Princess Royal and Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence looked at the graves of the soldiers whilst walking through the cemetery. They also visited the Birds of Paradise enclosure at the Adventure Park PNG in Port Moresby. Anne also paid homage to Papua New Guinea yesterday with her choice of brooch. The glistening gold brooch depicted the Birds of Paradise sitting side by side on a branch. Later on this evening, Princess Anne will be conducting the investiture of MPs at Government House in Port Moresby.