Britain's Got Talent has been slapped with another "fix" claim by viewers after impressionist act Suzi Wild forgot to mention her previous success in the comedy world. This would be the fourth claim that the TV show has received after it returned to ITV just three weeks ago after a year hiatus due to the coronavirus pandemic. Professional singer Loren Allred and comedian Axel Blake received the gold buzzer from judges, and dance troupe Les Sancho who made it to the final of the French version, riled fans as they branded the show a "fix" and "unfair". Taking to the stage with her incredible impressions, Suzi had the judges and audience members in fits of laughter. However, despite her telling the judges that she had never had her big break, Suzi seems to have a CV full of successful gigs. When searching Suzi Wild online, it reads: "Suzi Wild is a UK based comedian and talented impressionist. "Starting on the circuit in 2010, within a year, she made the finals of Laughing Horse New Act of The Year and Semi-Finals ‘So You Think you're Funny’. READ MORE: Owain Wyn Evans husband: Who is the BBC Breakfast star married to? "2013 saw her reach finals of ‘U.T.C One To Watch’ competition. Suzi has been scouted by TV production companies and filmed sizzle reels for major TV channels ITV2, ITV (12 Yard) and Victory Television (part of Sony). "She has hosted a radio show, The Stand Up Sit Down, on ONFM and voiced various comedy podcasts, including the broadcast award-nominated Live From Kirrin Island. "Her Edinburgh Festival Show 2016 ‘Stand Against The Machine’ received amazing reviews and enjoyed full houses. "In August 2016, she signed with her first agent, the maverick Anita Elizabeth Holmes, whose international reach attracted Suzi to joining her roster." Viewers took to Twitter to reveal they had heard of her before, with @SocialMediaJon1 commenting: "Is this the famous impressionist? #BGT #BritainsGotTalent." @KatMarBax fumed: "Simon knows all of the people auditioning, not surprised #BGT." Holly Linford quipped: "Getting bored now of finding out that these people have already had success in their 'talents' and then pretending to be first-timers on this show." Tony Roder said: "Think I'm gonna stop watching this rubbish now, just full of professionals stealing the limelight from people who actually deserve a shot." DON'T MISS...Britain’s Got Talent viewers call out ‘staged’ water escape [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden bursts into tears over golden buzzer act [LATEST]Simon Cowell 'explodes' at David Williams after jibes about his looks [WATCH] However, not everyone was annoyed by Suzi's past, with @ADADAPPADAN praised: "Pretty good at throwing her voice/doing impressions, is this, Suzi! Proper, good ol' fashioned 'variety act'!" Daniel Matthews said: "Wow. Suzi was incredible. I love her." (sic) As she walked onto the stage, she explained to the judges: "I haven't ever seen anyone that looks like me doing the act that I'm about to do. "But also because it's like, the biggest show on TV, I thought, 'Why not throw yourself in at the deep end? Take a risk." The judges were impressed with her impressions of Queen Elizabeth II, Lorraine Kelly, and Gemma Collins. Simon Cowell exclaimed: "Brilliant. That's how you do it, great impressions, I mean absolutely hilarious." David Walliams added: "It was just so instantly funny, the act is well thought out, you get straight to the joke, and you're on to the next one, and you're very likeable too." All four judges praised the act and were in agreement to put her through to the next round, she walked off the stage with a beaming smile. Britain's Got Talent airs Saturday from 8pm on ITV.