Over the years, Eileen (played by Sue Cleaver) hasn't been lucky in love and has had her fair share of mishaps when it comes to men and her relationships. Recently, she has found a new companion in funeral director George Shuttleworth (Tony Maudsley) and has been hitting it off. Unfortunately for Eileen, the latest spoilers show that George could be hiding a deep secret from her, which could turn her away from men for good. In upcoming scenes, Eileen invites George round for dinner, and when things are in full swing, she plucks up the courage to ask if he wants to stay the night. However, her offer is soon thrown back in her face, and she is left with his feelings hurt when George declines her offer, explaining he needs to go and look after his cat. Todd Grimshaw (Gareth Pierce) and George are at work and discuss the funeral arrangements for a Mr Little. Yet, it becomes clear that he is a bigamist, and there are two Mrs Littles, blissfully unaware of one another. READ MORE: James Martin's Saturday Morning fans ‘switch off’ as they slam guest Eileen reveals to Mary Taylor (Patti Clare) that George shut down her offer to stay the night. Mary questions whether he even has a cat and if Eileen has ever met it. Later Sean Tully (Anthony Cotton) overhears Todd and George discussing how best to ensure the women don’t find out about each other. However, he jumps to the wrong conclusion and runs to tell Eileen the bombshell he has overheard between the pair. Sean tells her that George is with another woman, and she soon storms into the Rovers to confront them both. Is George cheating on Eileen? Will Eileen end up making herself look like a fool and ruin their relationship before it has even begun? If George doesn't have a cat, then what is the reason he doesn't want to take the next step in their relationship? Tony Maudsley recently took to his Twitter account and revealed to fans that he has renewed his contract and will be staying on the soap. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Gary Windass forced to turn killer again  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Kelly Neelan is not Rick's daughter [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Daniel Osbourne for affair with co-worker [WATCH] He shared a selfie in George's outfit inside the Rovers and wrote: "That's me (and George) all signed up to Corrie till at least July 2023, and I couldn't be happier!" George stormed onto the cobbles in September 2020 following the death of his character's father, Archie Shuttleworth (Roy Hudd). The character took over the family's funeral directory and soon initiated his relationship with Eileen after the pair agreed to take it slow. Touching on his first year, he said in September 2021: "It has taken a while, he has been eased into the show very gradually over the past 12 months. "He was flagged as a new love interest for Eileen, but if he had got with her too quickly, people wouldn't have liked it, it would have jarred as the viewers are so protective over Eileen. "Sue has been on the show 21 years, and but with all the problems Eileen has had with men, I think the viewers are on George's side. "He makes her smile, he is a sensitive softy. They want Eileen to be happy, and in George, she might finally have found that if she would only let her guard down!" Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.