The Falkland Islands hold a particularly poignant place in public and political life across Argentina at this time of year. April 2 marked the 40th anniversary of Argentina’s invasion and occupation of the islands the Argentines call ‘Islas Malvinas’. Their so-called “recovery” of the Falklands, over which Argentina has long disputed Britain’s sovereignty, lasted just 74 days before a British task force defeated them. Even to this day, it remains an emotive issue, with Argentine president Alberto Fernandez tweeting earlier this month: “The Malvinas were, are and will be Argentine”. ITV’s recent documentary ‘Falklands War: The Forgotten Battle’ uncovers the story of Naval Party 8901, the group of 70 British Marines who valiantly fought against an Argentine task force ten times their size. Major Mike Norman was the commander of the British forces on April 2nd when the Argentines landed, and was forced into guesswork as he was not made aware of any intelligence over a likely plan of attack. Yet, declassified reports reveal the intelligence did in fact exist. Stephen Love, the Defence Attaché based in Argentina at the time, had sent an almost inch-perfect prediction to Rex Hunt, the island’s Governor. His report said: “The obvious first task in such an assault would be the neutralisation of NP 8901’s capability to react (destruction of arms, telephones, vehicles?), the capture of government communications facilities, seizure of the FIDF armoury: next would come the securing of air field and jetties. READ MORE: Boris Johnson has 'damaged' Tories’ brand as local elections loom “The capture of Governor and key personnel would follow and Argentine military replacements would move in.” Further down the report, he added: “Any warning would depend on NP 8901’s ability to watch the western approaches to the Islands particularly during first light on days when conditions were judged good.” Ben Fogle, the documentary’s presenter, said: “Just imagine if NP 8901 had access to this report. “It would have changed their whole strategy.” The Ministry of Defence gave a rather blunt response to Mr Love’s warnings: “It says nothing which we don’t already know.” Sir John Nott, Defence Secretary at the time, sought to defend the failures. He said: “We were in the middle of a Cold War. “We had a million Russians threatening this country. “Do you think we were seriously going to sit down and look in detail at every little tittle tattle we got from Buenos Aires? Of course we weren’t.” The lack of intelligence given to Major Norman meant he had to spread his men very thinly on the ground. DON'T MISS:Brexit: Fishing row erupts as Falklands hammered by tariffs [NEW]Downing Street ignored Falklands military requests: 'Preoccupied!' [QUOTES]Ben Fogle says 'People have forgotten the Falklands war' [QUOTES] Just two young Marines were tasked with defending the beach where Major Norman considered the invasion most likely to start. They arrived on two motorbikes, and had a machine gun and a roll of barbed wire between them. They spent the night shivering in the dunes above the beach, waiting for the lights of the Argentine ships to appear on the horizon. Mr Fogle described their task as “almost comedic if it wasn’t so desperate”. For the troops scattered around Stanley, the capital, it was merely a waiting game. Governor Hunt sent a radio message to islanders confirming that the first Argentine ships had been spotted on the horizon, and that they would be kept under surveillance. The lack of intelligence and time to plan had meant Major Norman had guessed wrong on where the Argentine troops would land. When the first attack came, it was exactly as Mr Love had predicted. The Argentines had assumed that the Marines would be sleeping in their Moody Brook Barracks, and an assault on the barracks was ordered. Britain quickly sent a naval task force, comprising 127 ships, which swiftly retook South Georgia island. They soon turned their attention to retaking the Falklands, and Argentinian forces surrendered on June 14 after weeks of fierce fighting. Today, the islands are British overseas territories, and the British Army maintains a garrison of about 1,200 personnel on the Falkland Islands. ‘Falklands War: The Forgotten Battle’ is available on ITV Hub.