The Commons Committee on Standards has published a shocking report calling for an overhaul of the APPGs set up by MPs for a range of different interests. The report notes “the expert evidence we have received to our inquiry shows that the risk of improper access and influence by hostile foreign actors through APPGs is real, though difficult to measure.” The Committee also warns that “there is also evidence that this risk has already materialised.” The findings follow revelations in January that an alleged Chinese spy, Christine Lee, gained access to Parliament through former Labour frontbencher Barry Gardiner, one of Jeremy Corbyn’s most trusted lieutenants. The detailed report comes following a long-running investigation into the activities of APPGs and their governance and concerns that they could also be used by lobby groups to get round Commons rules. APPGs can be set up on any subject and are often used for foreign trips to different countries. Of the 744 groups they range from American football, the caribbean, horse racing, football, gambling, vaping and dozens of other subjects. Sometimes though they can be set up by MPs at the request of industry interests who then pay for its staffing. Labour MP Chris Bryant, Chairman of the Committee on Standards, said: “All Party Parliamentary Groups are really useful, but they must never be a backdoor means of peddling influence around the corridors of power or pursuing a commercial interest. “Today’s report represents a wake-up call for us all. The evidence we have gathered is chilling and points towards an urgent need for the House to take action. “We have set out four ways to address the risks posed by APPGs, as well as a range of possible measures to regulate them, and ensure they continue to enhance – rather than endanger – the integrity of Parliament. “Parliament always has, and always will, be a target for hostile foreign states. But with better regulation and transparency around these informal groups, we can ensure they continue to make a positive contribution to our democracy. READ MORE: Truss blasted over ‘shoulder-shrugging’ response to hated EU deal “We want to hear from individuals and groups both inside and outside the House on the options we set out before we make final recommendations.” The report includes a range of potential proposals to tighten the rules for the informal groups, and stop them being used as a vehicle for improper access or influence by lobbyists and hostile foreign states. MPs on the Committee have demanded that the 744 APPGs are significantly reduced in number. The committee also wants to improve transparency, particularly of funding sources and the provision of external staff or secretariats. Stricter restrictions on secretariats/ APPG staff have also been demanded. For example, potentially banning secretariats funded or provided by foreign governments. DON'T MISS Election POLL: Do you back Boris Johnson ahead of local elections? [REACTION] Tory MP reveals she was ‘pinned up against a wall by a male MP’ [REVELATION] Cost-of-living crisis hasn't even begun to hurt yet - and here's why [INSIGHT]  They also want the powers to make the rules easier including creating a more rigorous statement of an APPG chair’s responsibilities. The report also reflects on the dramatic increase in the number of APPGs in recent years, noting that this has made it more difficult to monitor adherence to the rules, and “created the conditions for inappropriate influence and access”. The report goes on to warn that “if left unchecked, APPGs could represent the next great parliamentary scandal, with commercial entities effectively buying access to and influence of parliamentarians and decision-makers.” The Committee will now consult on the proposals ahead of preparing a final report with recommendations for the House including with Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle. He said: "I welcome this report from the Committee on Standards. Many All-Party Parliamentary Groups offer a useful opportunity for cross-party collaboration and knowledge sharing with experts on a wide range of topics which might otherwise not get such exposure. “However, for several years while Chairman of Ways and Means, and Chair of the Consultative Panel for Parliamentary Security, I have had concerns about the security risks presented by some APPGs in terms of their indiscriminate engagement with state actors hostile to UK interests. I have also had fears about the proliferation of such groups, the influence of lobbyists over them, and the lack of transparency and regulation about their activities. “That is why I was keen to give evidence to the Committee to drive forward the development of proposals to deal with some of these risks while also recognising the value APPGs bring. “I’m told the proposals are currently being consulted on, and it will ultimately be a matter for the House as a whole to make final decisions on how to better regulate these groups to safeguard Parliament.” 