Sonny Jay, Capital Radio's Breakfast Show presenter & DJ, has knocked an entire point off his BMI and lost 2.4 kgs of pure body fat while gaining 1kg in muscle mass in just 12 weeks. He used the MunchFit Lean plan to achieve the amazing transformation. The DJ has shrunk his waist by nearly five inches and boosted his chest by two inches. Sonny, 28, used a the bespoke meal plan of lean meals to boost his weight loss after putting on the pounds post winning Dancing on Ice 2021. When the series ended, and the gruelling weeks of training were over, he realised it had taken quite a toll on his body. Sonny said: “I just crashed after the show. I was taking supplements and I was doing so much exercise, I thought I needed to give my body a rest.” However, without a firm fitness plan and bad habits creeping in, like the tasty sausage sandwiches from the staff canteen, he quickly noticed changes that he didn’t like. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's 'likely' diet to 'aid in weight loss & reduce belly fat' after Sienna He said: “I wanted to get back to that feeling I had after the show of being happy with my body. I want to feel good and look athletic and healthy.” At the start of the year, Sonny Jay embarked on a 12-week programme to overhaul his nutrition and fitness regime, in a sustainable way. He used a bespoke meal plan from MunchFit and a training regime with trainer Alexander Edwards at Sonny’s local Virgin Active Club. The MunchFit Lean Plan Sonny followed is specifically calibrated for fat loss. The meals offer approximately 380 kcal per serving with 30g of protein and 21g of carbs per meal, designed to help shed pounds. Sonny Jay’s plan included extra breakfast portions to help him with his early starts, but he found he didn’t need them. He said: "I don’t have to worry about what I’m cooking. Sometimes that can be stressful, especially if I’ve had a hectic day. DON'T MISSChocolate cravings: Tea and melon can stop sweet cravings [TIPS] Woman who ‘dreamt of having flat stomach’ transforms body [WEIGHT LOSS] 'Huge fan of eggs': Michael Mosley's high-protein keto breakfast [BURN FAT]  "It can be a lot of aggravation getting all the ingredients to make what I want. "So, the fact that the meals arrive at my door and all I have to do is put them in the fridge: it’s a sweet life.” He added: “It's nice and I've not been snacking. "I'm literally sticking to my exact meals and I'm not hungry. I just have a protein shake in between meals and that's it. I feel like it works perfectly for me.”  Sonny's BMI dropped from 27 to 26 on the plan. He also reduced his metabolic age from 38 to 30. His body fat was down from 22 percent to 19.6 percent, while his muscle mass was up from 74.2 percent to 76.5 percent. His waist saw the biggest transformation from 40 inches to 35.5 inches. His chest is up to 40 inches from 38 inches. A lover of carbs and international flavours, Sonny Jay used to batch cook heavy meals like spaghetti bolognese to see him through the week. However, he feels better with his new meals. Sonny said: “MunchFit has opened up a world of different foods for me. I love flavours, they’re my thing, and the curries in the Lean plan are really nice. They do a Beef Satay and a Thai one that’s really tasty with cauliflower rice.  "I’ve had the Turkey Burrito for breakfast, which isn’t something I’d had before, but it was really tasty. "Then there's the obvious stuff that you wouldn't necessarily think is good for you, like burgers. "They take away the bun, put it with some quinoa and a bit of salad, and it's good for you. And the muffins with the natural yoghurt - it's all gluten free.” He also claims to feel more energic after starting the plan. He said;: “I always felt like there was a limit on how good I could feel. I get up super early, I go to work, then I used to come home, and have no energy to do anything else for the rest of the day. "Now, there’s no ceiling on it. I'm looking forward to the feeling I get when I come out of the gym and I'm looking forward to having a nice meal and knowing that it's good for me.”