Bridgerton fans were blown away by the latest heartthrob to join the cast. Theo Sharpe (played by Calam Lynch) worked at the printers in the second season of the historical Netflix drama, and he developed an interest in Eloise Bridgerton (Claudia Jessie). The Theo star comes from a family of actors and Express.co.uk has all you need to know about his famous mother. Bridgerton fans went weak at the knees for Theo Sharpe, who first met Eloise Bridgerton whilst she was investigating Lady Whistledown's (voiced by Julie Andrews) true identity. Eloise was convinced the notorious writer used a particular printing shop to spread her pamphlets across town. Wanting to find answers, Eloise visited the printing shop and was surprised by the young man who worked there. The pair shared the same interests and quickly hit it off, but sadly their growing friendship was short-lived as Theo felt they could not be seen together. The Theo actor, Calam Lynch, has more than 10 famous relatives. READ MORE: How old is Edwina Sharma in Bridgerton? Calam's mother is Niamh Cusack, an Irish actress who came from a performing arts background. She has worked for both the Royal Shakespeare Company and the Royal National Theatre. Fans may also recognise her as Dr Kate Rowan in the series Heartbeat. Niamh is also the aunt of Call The Midwife actress, Megan Cusack, meaning Megan is Calam's cousin. Calam's father, Finbar Lynch, is also a famous Irish actor.   He is mostly known for his work in theatre, but his TV credits include Glenroe, Proof, and the miniseries Small World. Niamh Cusack has been a performer since she was very young and is also a trained flautist. Besides acting, she worked as a freelance musician with the RTÉ National Symphony Orchestra. As for the rest of Calam's famous family, he has three famous aunts - Sinéad Cusack, Sorcha Cusack and Catherine Cusack. DON'T MISS... Bridgerton season 3: Will Eloise Bridgerton marry Theo Sharpe? [DISCUSSION] Bridgerton star Claudia Jessie teases future of Netflix series [INSIGHT] Megan Cusack age: How old is Call The Midwife's Nancy Corrigan? [EXPLAINER]  His uncle Pádraig Cusack is also a well-known Irish theatre producer. He has worked with the National Theatre of Great Britain among other establishments. Calam's grandfather, Cyril Cusack, was an Irish actor up until he died aged 82 in 1993. His career lasted more than 70 years and he was even offered the role of the First Doctor in Doctor Who. Calam's grandmother, Maureen Cusack, was an Irish actress who was a leading light in London's West End in the 1940s.  She was best known for her roles in Odd Man Out and The Rising of the Moon. Calam also has two other famous cousins - Max Irons and Richard Boyd Barrett. Max, 36, is an actor and model known for his roles in Red Riding Hood, The White Queen and Condor. As for Barrett, 55, he is an Irish People Before Profit/Solidarity politician. Bridgerton season 2 is on Netflix now. A third season has already been commissioned.