The energy price cap has risen by 54 percent, leaving households across the UK frantically searching for clever ways to spend less and save more on their energy bills. Heating and hot water accounts for more than 50 percent of the average fuel bill, but how can you keep your house warm without spending a fortune until summer arrives? These are the six cheapest ways to keep your property warm. Bare floorboards can lose a lot of precious heat from your home through the small crevices between each board. In exposed areas which are not covered with low-set furniture, consider placing soft rugs on the floor to make the most of your central heating. This is a simple yet effective way to reduce heat loss while providing a softer, warmer surface for you to walk on around your property. READ MORE: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants The positioning of your furniture in the warmer months should be different to your winter and spring set-up in order to maximise the benefits of heat sources around your home. Keep sofas, armchairs and large items away from radiators to allow the heat to circulate around the room. Move seating and dining items away from draughty areas in the colder seasons to avoid a chill from doors and windows. Your bed is another key item to move around, keeping it near a window during the warm summer and well away from radiators or draughts in winter and spring. If you’re spending time in one room for an extended period of time, it is worth closing the door to trap any heat which is radiated into the space, either through sunlight or central heating. Keep internal doors closed while not using certain rooms and use draught excluders to avoid any heat loss. You can seal gaps under doors using a door snake - a long thick cloth sack which can be filled with dried peas or rice. Bean bags or DIY fabric scraps filled with soft materials also work well to block draughts around the home. DON'T MISS:Is it cheaper to use gas or electricity? Fact-checked [INSIGHT]Army veteran sits in the dark and can't get warm in bills struggle [REVEAL]Martin Lewis gets emotional over energy crisis 'frustration' [ANALYSIS] Keeping your curtains closed all day and night is one way to trap heat, but there are more benefits to keeping them open than you might think. Make the most of the spring sunshine during the day by keeping your drapes and blinds wide open until sunset. As soon as the sun fades away, close the curtains to trap precious solar energy. Consider investing in insulated drapes in particularly draughty areas around your home. Upgrading from basic thermostat controls to “smart” or programmable technology could save you hundreds throughout the year. While different versions of smart thermostats will give you varying savings, James Clark, technical training manager at Wiser claims that switching to the Wiser Multi-Zone smart heating system can save up to £295 a year on energy bills. The savings come from the programmable technology which gives you the ability to control your heating room-to-room. He told Express.co.uk: “The system also features clever smart modes such as eco-mode and away-mode which work out the most economical way to run your heating and reduce temperatures when your home is empty. “Using these features can save you an extra £157 on your energy bills every year.” If you are looking for a cheaper alternative to central heating all together, consider purchasing an energy efficient space heater. Having a space heater in the rooms you spend the most time in will effectively warm the space while allowing your thermostat to stay on a lower setting throughout the house. This method will only be effective if you invest in an energy efficient model, otherwise it may just blow hot air out without actually warming your room. Newer high-quality space heaters will require less electricity to function and have energy-saving features like timers.