People who have booked flights to Belgium will be affected by the additional charge which starts today (April 1). The Belgian Embarkation Tax was proposed by the country’s government in October to encourage alternative ways to travel. It now applies to all flights, including for passengers going by private plane or helicopter. A number of travellers have been told in an email by Ryanair how much extra they would have to pay. It reads: "On 25 March 2022, Belgium introduced a new flight tax on passengers departing Belgium from 1 April 2022. "This means that even if a passenger booked a flight before 25 March, which is due to depart Belgium on or after 1 April, we must pay this new tax to the Belgian government. "This new tax is charged at the rate of between €2 [£1.69] and €10 [£8.43] depending on destination."  It adds that passengers who do not wish to accept the additional tax have the option to cancel their flight and receive a full refund. Th email warns: "Passengers must make use of their right to cancel their flight by 6 April 2022 or they will be deemed to have given consent to their payment cards being debited with the increased air traffic tax." Ryanair has been contacted for comment. Meanwhile, an industry expert has claimed disruption caused by IT meltdowns at British Airways are being worsened by staff shortages.  READ MORE ABOUT A UK GIGAFACTORY STRIKING AN HISTORIC DEAL Dozens of flights at the west London airport were delayed or cancelled due to what the airline described as "a technical issue". In late February, BA was forced to cancel all short-haul flights from Heathrow for several hours due to a hardware problem. Aviation consultant John Strickland, from JLS Consulting, said the airline is left "floundering" when it faces problems such as those at Heathrow on Wednesday. Mr Strickland said: "They seem to have staff shortage issues coming out of the pandemic and I know definitely that's something which is going to be more widespread with airlines because of the number of people who were let go.  DON'T MISS: BBC QT: Blackford blasts Sunak amid crippling cost of living crisis [REPORT]  Egg warning as customers could be without staples in WEEKS [LATEST] Queen 'compartmentalising' with Harry and Meghan: 'Very strong' [LATEST] "With what happened [on Wednesday], maybe if that extra issue wasn't there in the background, maybe less flights would have been delayed or ultimately cancelled. "Once the dominoes start to fall, if your manpower is not up to proper planned establishment then you're really floundering even more."  He said the carrier is "in the process" of improving its IT systems, but "you just can't click your fingers and have it all change overnight". A majority of flights on the airline's live tracker were shown as departing late or cancelled between 2pm to 9.30pm on Wednesday. The glitch was resolved on Wednesday afternoon, according to the airline, but the knock-on effect led to further cancellations on Thursday. A British Airways spokesman said: "We're very sorry to say that as a result of the technical issue we experienced yesterday and predicted weather disruption, we have had to reduce our schedule at Heathrow today.  "We're taking steps to ensure as many customers as possible are able to travel as planned today. "We've apologised to our customers and are offering to refund or rebook them onto alternative flights, providing refreshment vouchers and hotel accommodation where needed." The carrier has suffered several IT failures in recent years. Mr Strickland said they gave the impression that "they aren't in control of their IT and they are worse" than their rivals, whereas the "reality" is that other legacy carriers such as Air France and KLM have "largely similar arcane systems that date back decades".  He explained how low-cost carriers such as easyJet and Ryanair are "better placed" because their systems are more modern due be them being younger companies. Mr Strickland added that they also have simpler operations without multiple cabin classes or a sizeable proportion of passengers taking connecting flights. He believes the majority of British Airways customers will continue flying with the airline despite its problems, but warned its profitability relies on retaining customers who travel in premium classes. The consultant said: "Anybody is going to be annoyed whether you've paid for the cheapest ticket or most expensive, but those high-margin customers are theoretically much more likely to want to go elsewhere." 