The force, which monitors Britain’s transport networks, said the incident took place last Friday morning (April 22) on a train from St Leonard’s Warrior Square Station, near Hastings, to Wadhurst. A 44-year-old male has now been arrested in connection with the incident, and released on police bail pending further investigation. Investigators are now urgently appealing for witnesses to come forward with any information. Police say they are “not looking to identify anyone else” in connection with the incident, but are still looking for “vital” evidence. A statement released by the BTP yesterday (Thursday) explained that between 11pm and 11.30pm that day, two men and a woman began speaking on the platform before boarding a train. One man got off the train at Battle, a few stops down the line, the force said. Shortly afterwards, the woman said she was raped in the train toilet by the other man. The BTP said that “it is not believed the victim and two men were previously known to each other”. Detective Constable Gemma Littlewood, an officer in the BTP’s Major, Serious and Organised Crime Unit, commented: “This was a shocking and disturbing incident to happen to a young woman, who is now receiving specialist support from our officers. “Thankfully, we are not looking to identify anyone else in connection however our investigation is continuing at pace. “I urge anyone with information, and particularly those known to have been in the area at the time of the incident, to get in touch as they may hold information which could be vital to our investigation.” Officers investigating the incident are “particularly keen” to speak to the other man who accompanied the alleged rapist before departing the train before the incident took place. He is described as being a white man, in his 50s, of “medium build” and with a close-shaved haircut. On the day in question, he was said to be wearing a dark jumper, grey trousers and brown shoes. BTP would also like to speak to two other women who were sighted on the same train service, sitting at a table. They were said to be approached by the man shortly after the incident occurred. BTP is asking anyone with information to contact them by texting 61016 or calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 772 of 22/04/22.