French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen has been campaigning on a Eurosceptic platform that rejects the fundamental principles of the European Union like free movement, free trade, peacekeeping, and solidarity among EU member states – a radically different approach from her opponent Emmanuel Macron. France 24’s European Affairs Editor Catherine Nicholson pinpointed the specifics of Ms Le Pen’s programme. Ms Nicholson said: “All of this challenges the fundamental principles and values that the EU is built on. You know, as a trading union and as a values union as well. “Marine Le Pen wants France’s budget contribution into the European Union to be slashed. She insists that French laws should have primacy over EU laws. “She wants to start doing customs checks on goods coming into France – even from other EU members. The EU is France’s biggest trading partner both for imports and exports. “Ultimately, Marine Le Pen says she wants to replace the EU with the so-called Europe of Nations but what this exactly means hasn’t been spelt out just yet.” Now in her third presidential bid, Ms Le Pen is said to have taken a softer stance on EU matters. In 2017, she called for France’s complete pull-out of the EU, meaning France would no longer be part of the common Schengen travel area and would stop using the euro. This time around, she is proposing a Brexit-style referendum on EU membership to “give France back its national sovereignty.” "I will restore France's sovereignty in all areas, meaning the freedom of the French to decide for themselves and to defend their interests”, Ms Le Pen told French media. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Panicked Putin defends 'modern' weapons as battered troops lose key ground The crux of her argument is that the EU law unfairly takes precedence over member states’ law. Instead of “Frexit”, she now calls for renegotiating treaties. With polls showing only a ten-point gap with incumbent President Macron in the second round, Marine Le Pen’s election remains a possibility. Though most EU leaders haven’t officially commented on the French presidential elections, a Marine Le Pen election would deal a blow to the EU. Luxembourg’s foreign minister lambasted her on France 24, saying her election “would not only be an upheaval in Europe as a project of values and peace project, but it would take us totally off track.” France, a founder of the EU, is the second biggest EU economy, has the second biggest population. DON'T MISS: 'Russians had not had that previously' Putin's new army commander key to turn tide of war [REPORT]Brexit LIVE: Britain carved up! EU rules may replace UK law in 'extremely concerning' blow [LIVE]Solar storm: Blackout risk as NASA warns of 'direct hit' on Earth – impact time predicted [BREAKING]  And since the UK left the EU, France is now the only nuclear-armed power in the EU. The specifics of Ms Le Pen’s Europe of Nations remain unclear, but it dramatically contrasts with Macron’s EU agenda which seeks to reinforce cooperation at the EU level, create a common military army, and joined borrowing on the international financial market. Ms Nicholson added: “I imagine that Emmanuel Macron will press her on that over the next two weeks.” Both candidates are expected to face off in a televised debate scheduled for April 20 – four days ahead of the second round.