Bryce Ruthven was paired up with Melissa Rawson in 2021 on Married at First Sight Australia and quickly, fans grew concerned for her mental welfare. He stated how she wasn't his "type" on their wedding day and ranked her the fourth hottest out of the contestants during a challenge. At the time, there was plenty of outrage from viewers as he was perceived as continually putting down his new on-screen wife. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight Australia.Fans accused Bryce of gaslighting Melissa, causing her to feel anxious and question her own actions due to his response. An example of this was when she asked Bryce if he wanted to be with her and he had a go at his wife, threatening to leave if she queried his motives again. The CEO of Domestic Violence NSW said in a statement that shows such as the reality series showing this kind of content can be "incredibly harmful". More than 10,000 people also signed an online petition asking the Australian network Channel Nine to apologise for failing in their duty of care to Melissa. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage Despite their turbulent time on Married at First Sight Australia, Bryce and Melissa are still very much a couple. Once filming was wrapped up, the stars moved in together and got themselves a Border Collie puppy called Sonny. They then took the next step in their relationship as Bryce popped the question and proposed to Melissa during a helicopter flight. Alongside a picture of them in the air with Melissa showing off her new ring, Bryce wrote: "A helicopter ride we’ll never forget! "I wanted @lissrawson to help design it as it’s hers for life. "It features a 2ct black pear-shaped diamond with smaller diamonds around a white gold band." In October 2021, their little family got even bigger as they welcomed the birth of their twin sons. Their children were born 10 weeks premature but after time in an ICU, they have made a full recovery. Bryce and Melissa decided to call their sons Levi and Tate who they are now spending quality time with in Melbourne. In terms of work, Bryce used to be an announcer on Hit 104.7's afternoon show in Canberra but left after Married at First Sight Australia started airing. DON'T MISS...Below Deck backlash as Down Under stewardess serves microwaved coffee [REACTION]Amy MAFS UK: Where is Married at First Sight's Amy Christophers now? [CAST]Samantha MAFS Australia: Where is Samantha Moitzi now? [EXPLAINER] According to his LinkedIn page, Bryce is a podcast host and producer in Melbourne. While they have had various ups and downs, the 32-year-old told The Herald Sun in February he believed they have been the reality show's "biggest success story". He explained: "If you look at the lives of Cameron [Merchant] and Jules [Robinson], and Michael [Brunelli] and Martha [Kalifatidis] even, they had an easy cruisy ride on the show with no challenges from anyone apart from themselves. "Whereas we literally had 20 people plus three experts and producers going us for three months - and coming out to where we are now, I think really, I would be more than confident saying we are the biggest success story from the show." Bryce continued: "A lot of people think we are not, but I think that we are because we fought tooth and nail to have a successful relationship, even though it may not have looked that way on screen." He added life "couldn't be better" for him and his fiancé who are now a family-of-four. In terms of when their wedding will be, the former reality stars haven't yet confirmed if they have a date in mind. Married at First Sight Australia is available to watch on Channel Nine in Australia and on E4 in the UK.