Mr Wallace sat down with Radio host Nick Ferrari, to discuss Vladimir Putin's recent threats. Putin has been threatening dramatic retaliation against any country that oversteps boundaries by supporting Ukraine. The Defence Secretary explained that he was not rattled by the threats made, praising Britain's nuclear deterrents for continuing to keep Brits safe. Mr Ferrari said: "He promised to use weapons in a lightning strike against anyone who interferes with his plans in Ukraine. "Should my listeners be concerned? Do you feel rattled by Putin's threats, secretary of state?" Mr Wallace told LBC: "I don't feel rattled by it because we have strong armed forces and nuclear deterrent. "And we're part of a nation of a NATO partnership of 30 nations, who outgun him, outnumber him. JUST IN: Tory frontbencher left open-mouthed by Labour council’s £27k EU flag bill      "And have potentially all the capabilities at our disposal, so I don't fear him. "I think we should be very grateful, in this country that we have a nuclear deterrent. "I think that is a really important part of his calculations, there are many as you know who wanted to get rid of it over the years. "I'm very grateful that somewhere under the sea some amazing men and women are deep underwater. "Hiding, waiting in case Britain needs protecting, I think that's important."  READ MORE:'Anti-Brexit' Joe Biden is 'eating his words' as 'powerful' Boris 'putting US to shame'     During a Russian state media television speech, Putin made threats against the UK. the Russian President said: “We have tools no one else can boast of. We don't want to brag about them…we will use them.”   Announcing a new military weapons system to the Russian people, Mr Putin added: “This is a big, significant event in the development of advanced weapons systems of the Russian army. “The new complex has the highest performance characteristics and can break through all modern anti-missile defences. “There is nothing like this in the world, and won’t be for a long while. “This truly unique weapon will be strengthening the combat potential of our armed forces. “It will reliably secure Russia from external threats, and will force those trying to threaten our country in the heat of frenzied aggressive rhetoric.”