Dr Michael Mosley is the man behind the 5:2 diet, Fast 800 diet and most recently, Fast 800 Keto. He maintains that rapid weight loss is the way to go as opposed to slow and steady, and that banishing certain foods will help people slim fast. Ultimately, Dr Michael believes that "you can lose belly fat, and you can lose it fast". But while many diet gurus suggest that slimmers take a moderate approach, Dr Michael argues that some foods can be banished entirely during the weight loss process. “Cut right down on sugar, sugary treats, drinks and desserts. "That includes most breakfast cereals, which are usually full of sugar, as well as most commercial smoothies." READ MORE: Michael Mosley: 'Burn fat around tummy’ with the keto diet He added that slimmers should limit their intake of food or drink containing more than five percent sugar to no more than twice a week. Surprisingly, it is not just sweets and chocolate that fall into the category of foods to limit, but high sugar fruits such as mango and pineapple too. Dr Michael also recommended that slimmers avoid simple carbohydrates, which can include baked goods, or packaged cookies and cakes. As opposed to complex carbohydrates, simple carbohydrates are made up of shorter chains of molecules and are quick to digest. They produce a spike in blood glucose, but the energy they provide is short-term and has people reaching for snacks not long after. Dr Michael stated: "Minimise or avoid starchy carbs – meaning the white stuff: bread, pasta, potatoes and white rice. These foods can be replaced with "slow-release energy sources, such as brown rice or quinoa". "Legumes such as lentils, kidney beans and chickpeas are healthy and filling, too." The weight loss guru puts a great deal of emphasis on getting enough of one particular food group. While he does advocate for rapid weight loss, the doctor is not a fan of "crash diets" that don't allow for enough protein consumption. He suggests that dieters aim for 60g protein per day. A three ounce piece of salmon equates to about 17g, and there are 13g in a boiled egg. One chicken without the skin is a whopping 28g of protein, so 60g per day is definitely achievable for slimmers. Dr Michael issued a warning against dieting without incorporating a sufficient amount of protein. "Eat too little protein, they say, and you'll be tormented by cravings." What's more, you're "likely to over-indulge in all the wrong foods".