During Monday's Dan Wootton Tonight, the GB News host invited guests Carole Malone, Beverley Turner and Benjamin Butterworth to discuss the latest news headlines. Dan also spoke with Meghan Markle's father Thomas Markle via video link where he made an explosive announcement. Thomas revealed that he would be flying across to the UK for the Queen's Jubilee next month. However, during the interview, Dan quizzed Thomas over Prince Harry's controversial interview with NBC where he said he might not make the Jubilee because of security issues. "I want to play you what Prince Harry had to say about the Queen's Jubilee because he seems to make out that it's actually to do with security as to why he might not make the trip," the GB News host began before playing a clip of the royal's interview. Prince Harry could be heard saying: "There are lots of things for security issues going on. So this is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that I can get my kids to meet her." Following the video, Dan went on to ask Thomas whether he thought Prince Harry's response was "gutless". READ MORE: Jane McDonald forced to explain awkward wardrobe mishap "I think it's ridiculous," Thomas blasted. "He knows how much security you're going to have. "I mean, he's totally safe in that situation and my god he's going off to the games, which would be far more dangerous for him than to be at the Jubilee. "So I don't understand half the things he says and I have so little respect for that man." "I think he's an idiot..." Thomas raged. "First of all to fly all the way over and not bring the children, that is ridiculous." "First of all, most mothers don't leave a nine-month-old child behind," Thomas continued as he referred to Prince Harry and Meghan flying to the Invictus Games. "They usually hold on to that child so the child gets a little older, that's one thing really bothers me. "But the idea the idea that they won't feel safe is ridiculous." The 77-year-old, who has been estranged from the Duchess of Sussex since 2018, went on to discuss whether he would like to reunite with his daughter and meet Prince Harry for the first time at the Jubilee. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley in shock at Angela Rayner controversy [REACTION]Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles pays tribute to co-star [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun's Lee pays tribute co-star after exit [INSIGHT] He believes the couple won't attend the Jubilee if they know he is attending. "I am getting the feeling that if they know I'm coming, they won't be coming," Thomas admitted. "But if they do come, I would love to. I would love to reach out and speak with them and try to figure out what went wrong and how we can repair it. "I don't see that happening, but I certainly would like to try." Elsewhere in the interview, Thomas said he is looking forward to "paying his respects to the Queen". "I'm going to make sure Queen understands my entire family respects the Queen and the Royal Family," he told the host. "We admire them and we want them to know that's how we feel about them and how we feel about England." He added: "I really would like to meet with Charles and thank him for walking my daughter down the aisle, and also just to meet and talk with him because I think we have a lot in common." When also quizzed on any fears he has over Harry's upcoming memoir, Thomas hit back: "“He’s a child, he follows my daughter around like a child. "He’s got a brother who’s a real man, he’s got a father who’s a real man. I think he’s a wuss. I don’t think he’s ever grown up.” Dan Wootton Tonight airs from Monday to Thursday at 9pm on GB News.