Doctor Who showrunner Chris Chibnall, 52, has urged viewers not to “attack” the BBC. This year marks the 100th year of the BBC and there are plans for special Doctor Who episodes to mark the occasion. The special episodes will air in autumn. The television writer and producer spoke about recent criticism of the BBC, which he doesn’t agree with. Chris said he had “no idea” why someone would criticise the BBC. He explained: “I have no idea why you would want to bash the BBC.” READ MORE: Con Cluskey dead: The Bachelors' star dies aged 80 Chris continued to describe the huge variety of shows created by the broadcaster. He said: “Look at the amazing drama and entertainment they still pump out – The Tourist, Time, Strictly…” The 52-year-old also urged readers not to take the BBC “for granted”. He continued: “Everybody likes to attack it until we have a pandemic or a massive war and then everyone asks, ‘Can you tell us the truth, please?’ and the BBC does that. “We should never take it for granted.” Chris spoke about the fears he had that the pandemic would be an obstacle in terms of filming Jodie Whittaker’s final episodes. Jodie, 39, plays the current Doctor on the show, but she has announced that she will be leaving the show later this year. Chris has also announced his plans to leave the show later in the year. DON'T MISS:GMB’s Alex Beresford announces engagement after romantic proposal [NEWS]Simon Cowell, 62, unrecognisable at Kids Choice Awards [LATEST]Al Pacino, 81, leaves restaurant with Mick Jagger's ex-girlfriend, 28 [UPDATE] He will be replaced by Russell T. Davies who will return as showrunner. Speaking to Radio Times, Chris said he wished to spend more time with his family, especially as his children are sitting important GCSE and A-level exams. He said: “I didn’t want to be showrunning Doctor Who in the year my children were doing their A-level and GCSE exams, which they are now. “I owed it to my family – I hadn’t seen much of them in recent years.” Hugh Grant, 61, was reportedly in talks to take over from Jodie following her departure, however, he recently took to Twitter to deny these claims. He responded to the rumours by writing: “Nothing against Dr W but I’m not. “No idea where the story came from.” Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times. 