Michael Buerk will appear on a news edition of Pointless Celebrities tonight at 7.50pm. Hosted by Alexander Armstrong and Richard Osman, the quiz show sees contestants attempt to come up with the answers that nobody else could think of. Michael will be among familiar broadcasting faces, such as John Sergeant, India Willoughby and Chris Rogers, who will be taking on the challenge of finding the pointless answer. Michael started his career at BBC News in the seventies. Over a 30-year span, he worked as a reporter, foreign correspondent and anchor before announcing his retirement in the early noughties. He is the current host of Radio 4’s The Moral Maze, in which panellists take part in a lively discussion about the week’s news stories. The former newsreader has long had a reputation for being outspoken, and his scathing words have even been directed at the corporation that has employed him for over five decades. In 2012, in an end-of-year commentary for The Mail Online, Michael criticised the BBC’s coverage of the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee. He argued that what should have been an event to unite the nation, was “betrayed” by the “inept” commentary. Michael wrote: “The one enduring British institution [the Monarchy] was mocked by another that had shamefully lost its way. “On the screen, a succession of Daytime airheads preened themselves, or gossiped with even more vacuous D-list ‘celebrities’.” He added: “With barely an exception, they were cringingly inept. “Nobody knew anything, nobody cared. The main presenter couldn’t even work out what to call the Queen.” The veteran reporter then unleashed a particularly ferocious attack on the presenters — who included Strictly Come Dancing’s Tess Daly — branding them “airheads” who failed to convey the magnitude of the occasion. He wrote: “The Dunkirk Little Ships, the most evocative reminders of this country’s bravest hour, were ignored so that a pneumatic bird-brain from Strictly Come Dancing could talk to transvestites in Battersea Park. “I was so ashamed of the BBC I would have wept if I hadn’t been so angry. The worst thing was that it was deliberate — planned that way to be ‘light’ and ‘inclusive’.” Michael was not the only critic of the coverage, at the time, Stephen Fry, another regular BBC face, tweeted: “Has the BBC ever presented a more mind-numbingly tedious programme in its history? This is eggier and cheesier than a collapsed souffle.” The BBC attracted 2,425 complaints, with viewers criticising the trivial nature of the broadcast and rookie mistakes, such as referring to the Queen as “HRH” instead of “Her Majesty”. Ten years later, Michael’s appearance on Pointless Celebrities comes just weeks before the Queen celebrates her Platinum Jubilee, marking 70 years on the throne. Much like Her Majesty’s Diamond Jubilee, the nation will toast to the remarkable achievement with a spectacular four-day celebration in June.  From Thursday to Sunday of the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday, Brits can expect an array of different events to celebrate the Queen's impressive seven-decade milestone. Events include the Queen’s birthday parade, also known as Trooping the Colour, a Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral at the Royal Derby at Epsom Downs. A host of famous faces will be taking part in honouring the Queen’s reign, such as Bill Bailey, Jayne Torvill, Alan Titchmarsh, Gary Lineker and Gok Wan. Once again, the celebrations will be broadcast live on BBC One, allowing people to tune in from home. BBC One is also the home of Pointless Celebrities, which Michael Buerk will appear in at 7.50pm tonight.