Ms Rudik sat down on Talk Radio to discuss the ongoing war in Ukraine, and what needs to be done to push back against Russia. Ms Rudik urged Western nations to send over more weapons and artillery to Ukraine as she claims Ukrainians were still fighting Russian air forces that use missiles with Kalashnikovs. The Ukrainian MP explained that she was asking for the same things as she was at the beginning of the war. Ms Rudik also criticised Western Governments for taking too long to organise, whilst Ukrainians continue to perish at the hands of Russian forces. Ms Rudik said: "So today is day 41, and on day 41 we are asking for the same things as day 1. "To get weapons that we need, so this is the answer to your question, is the West doing enough. "Obviously not enough, we are still fighting with Kalashnikovs against Russian planes. " And for us to be able to stop the crimes that are being committed right now... That my people are paying with their lives for the procrastination of the world leaders. JUST IN: Sturgeon to face fresh challenge from ferry fiasco amid Derek Mackay inquiry, expert warns Ms Rudik added: "Who is thinking we can have a couple of days, let's get a meeting, some time in the middle of next week. "How many people will have to die until this happens? "And up till today, we did not get the weapons that we need, we are still helpless in many, many cases. "And what I have seen in Bucha was total destruction, the buildings were destroyed and burnt people burned alive there. READ MORE: Airlines turn on Government amid Easter travel chaos - ‘We warned ministers’ Ms Rudik added: "Because a missile hit from the air. NATO-aligned countries have been willing to give weapons to Ukraine, to help them fight off the Russian onslaught. Finland sent a shipment of more than 2,500 assault rifles, they also sent 150,000 bullets for guns. Spain has committed to sending Ukraine more than 1,370 anti-tank grenade launchers. And Norway decided to send more anti-tank weapons, the UK has decided to add to this by giving up 4,000 anti-tank missiles to the Ukrainian war effort. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky will likely ask for more aid in the future, as peace talks are ongoing. Mr Zelensky is also set to address the UN as France launches an investigation into Russia's alleged war crimes. 