Activision Blizzard has today teased fans about what they can expect from the 2022 Call of Duty game, which will be a sequel to 2019's Modern Warfare. In its latest financial report published today (Monday April 25) Activision Blizzard said the 2022 Call of Duty game will be the "most advanced" experience ever in the COD series, and added that "groundbreaking" innovations will also be coming to Warzone later this year. In its latest fiscal report Activision Blizzard said: "The Call of Duty teams delivered substantial gameplay improvements for Vanguard and Warzone in the first quarter. Development on this year’s premium and Warzone experiences, led by Infinity Ward, is proceeding very well. "This year’s Call of Duty is a sequel to 2019’s Modern Warfare, the most successful Call of Duty title to date, and will be the most advanced experience in franchise history. The new free-to-play Warzone experience, which is built from the ground-up alongside the premium game, features groundbreaking innovations to be revealed later this year." The news comes as Call of Duty fans have been left wondering whether a full reveal of the 2022 Modern Warfare game is just around the corner. Last Friday the official Infinity Ward Twitter account went dark, with its profile picture and Twitter banner changed to what appears to be completely black images. However, when the brightness is turned up it looks like iconic COD character Ghost is hiding in the background. The Twitter activitiy has sparked speculation that this could all be leading up to a full reveal of the 2022 Call of Duty game, with fans previously told April 30 would be a significant date.  Earlier this month leaker @RalphsValve posted: "April 30th". The leaker went on to add: "Let me preface this by saying, the Reveal is still set for May." But then, a few days later, @RalphsValve added: "Could come a little earlier than previously expected, stoked to share!" As always with rumours, it's best to take claims with a big pinch of salt. But the Infinity Ward Twitter activity, coupled with the rumoured April 30 announcement, could mean COD fans will find out more about Modern Warfare 2 within the next few weeks.  The rumours swirling around the 2022 Call of Duty game comes as Activision Blizzard prepares for the next season of Call of Duty. COD season 3 for Vanguard and Warzone is launching this week, with the Classified Arms update going live for Vanguard on April 26 and then for Warzone on April 27. Season 3 then begins proper on April 27 at 5pm UK time. 