The bank’s new 123 Regular e-Saver is now available to all customers, both new and old. This is as of April 6, 2022. This new savings account from Santander offers those looking to improve their savings fixed rate of 2.5 percent interest AER/Gross for 12 months. Santander reports this is one of the best regular savings accounts for savers currently on the market from a high street bank. Customers will be able to access, view and manage their money in the savings account either online or through Santander’s mobile app. Those who are existing 123, Private and Select current account customers, who are 16 or over, are able to get this latest savings offering. Any funds must be paid into the savings account via standing order from an existing Santander 123, Select or Private current account. Customers of Santander will be able to transfer up to £200 per month into the bank’s latest savings product. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  It should be noted that any money which is paid into, and later withdrawn from, the account will go towards the £200 monthly limit. This £200 monthly threshold means that savers will see a maximum balance of £2,400 a year. Anyone who is interested in getting Santander’s 123 Regular e-Saver is encouraged to visit their local branch or call the bank directly. Hetal Parmar, the head of Banking and Savings at Santander UK, shared why the bank has decided to offer this interest rate hike.  Ms Parmar said: “We understand saving for the future remains important to many customers, and following the recent increase to the interest rate on our 123 Current Account, we’re pleased to offer 123 World customers even more value with our new Regular e-Saver.” Santander’s latest interest rate rise comes as banks have faced criticism for not passing down rate hikes to their savings accounts. Recently, the Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) raised the base to 0.75 percent, a 30-year high. On how savings have been affected, Janet Mui, head of market analysis at Brewin Dolphin, said: “Savers are facing a double whammy of inflation being more than five percent and 13 years of ultra-low interest rates. “They are losing money in real terms as inflation erodes the spending power of their cash, and as we can see from the chart, it’s not an insignificant sum.” Experts have shared how some savers can boost their income despite the little returns from traditional savings accounts. Laura Suter, head of personal finance at AJ Bell, explained: “Savers who know they need access to the money soon or want the relative safety of cash have few other options, other than hunting around for the best rate. “Some might be tempted to fix their money to get a higher interest rate. For example, the top two-year fix pays 1.9 percent at the moment – meaning almost double your interest compared to an easy-access account. “But savers need to seriously consider what interest rates will do in that two year period and if that deal will look attractive in a year or two’s time. “While nothing is certain, markets are expecting more increases this year and for rates to be sitting at 1.75 percent by the end of 2022. If that’s the case we’ll see fixed rate accounts rise and anyone who has fixed won’t be able to benefit from that. “Another option for those who want an inflation-beating return is to start investing some of their money. Cash is a great place for short-term savings or money you need quick access to, but it’s not ideal for long-term savings. “So, work out what you need in the next five years or as an emergency pot, and see how that stacks up against the amount you’ve got in cash. If you’ve got way more than that set aside, think about investing it.”