Mr Trump was permanently suspended from Twitter after the 45th President was deemed to have made posts which could risk "further incitement of violence" following the January 6 insurrection. However, allies to the ex-POTUS hope Mr Trump has been lent a new lease of life after Elon Musk purchased a 9.2 percent Twitter stake. Nigel Farage, who supported Mr Trump and recently interviewed the former President on GB News, said on Twitter: "Musk joining the Twitter board is the first step in the right direction. Bring back Trump!" The ex-Brexit Party leader's comment was warmly received by his followers after more than 9,000 users liked the post. Mr Musk had expressed both support and opposition to Mr Trump during his stint in the White House, including when he resigned from two advisory councils after the US was withdrawn from the Paris Agreement on climate change. The South African-born entrepreneur has also courted friends inside the Republican Party after vowing to protect free speech, which he said is "essential to a functioning democracy". JUST IN: 'Don't give a s***' Emmanuel Macron savaged by French farmer ahead of election Mr Musk even asked his 80 million followers on March 25 whether they thought Twitter "rigorously" protects free speech and suggested the poll was "important". Texas' GOP Congressman Lance Gooden, who co-founded the Freedom From Big Tech Caucus, also joined Mr Farage in voicing support for Mr Musk. He said: "The fact that the world’s richest man chose to outright buy Twitter rather than develop a new platform shows Twitter’s monopoly power. "I’m glad Elon Musk is stepping up to protect free speech but Congress must act to put the rest of big tech in their place." Lauren Boebert, a Congresswoman in Colorado, added: "Now that @ElonMusk is Twitter's largest shareholder, it's time to lift the political censorship. "Oh... and BRING BACK TRUMP!" Before his account was suspended, Mr Trump had amassed almost 90 million followers and used the social media site as a platform to go after his opponents and share his political views. The news comes after Mr Trump's 'Truth Social' app, which was launched in a bid "to stand up to the tyranny of big tech", was branded a disaster after it was beset with technical difficulties. DON'T MISSBoris left red-faced as VDL flies out to Kyiv [INSIGHT]Russian troops 'raped 3-year-old Ukrainian girl' [REPORT]Sturgeon's nightmare as Scots plunge IndyRef2 timetable into chaos [ANALYSIS] The platform, which looks very much like Twitter, has struggled to get off the ground, with many users left on a waiting list. Two key executives have also quit the platform.