But in a bid to cut costs ministers said means-tested payments from local councils will not count towards the cap. Now charities for the elderly have written to Health Secretary Sajid Javid demanding a rethink of the change that “drives a coach and horses” through the policy. They warn that pensioners in Red Wall parliamentary seats will be hit the hardest with four in five (80 percent) older people using care not seeing any benefit at all. And just 21 percent with dementia would reach the cap. The letter – signed by Age UK, Independent Age, Alzheimer’s Society and health think tank The King’s Fund – warns that poorer care users are much more likely to die before they reach the cap than someone who is better off. It means that a pensioner with a £90,000 home in Burnley who qualifies for help could pay as much as someone with a £250,000-plus property in Surrey who is too wealthy for assistance. Bills could still eat into almost all of the Burnley pensioner’s assets, forcing the sale of their home. Caroline Abrahams, charity director at Age UK, said: “Putting a limit on how high bills can go is a good and humane idea. “However, the Government then sought to undermine its usefulness, especially for disabled people of working age and older people with modest assets living in poorer areas.” Economist Sir Andrew Dilnot, who devised the cap, called the approach now being taken by ministers “unfair for those on low incomes”. The House of Lords has voted twice to remove the clause from the Health and Social Care Bill. James White, of the Alzheimer’s Society, said the current plans would only help a fifth with dementia, “financially punishing those who are less well-off living outside of the South-east”. John Palmer, of Independent Age, said: “This is unacceptable and makes a mockery of the levelling-up agenda.” Sally Warren, of The King’s Fund, added: “Many will be wondering why the pledge that no one will have to sell their home to pay for their care no longer applies to them.”