On Monday Piers Morgan returned to screens with a new programme on Talk TV, ‘Piers Morgan Uncensored.’ He was joined by former soldier and marine Ant Middleton for an interview on Thursday, which saw Morgan come to Middleton’s defence after his controversial exit from Channel 4’s military training show, SAS: Who Dares Wins.  Piers Morgan made his highly-anticipated TV comeback on Monday with ‘Piers Morgan Uncensored,’ which he promised would be a “no cancel zone.” It kicked off with an exclusive interview with the former President of the United States, Donald Trump, where he famously stormed off set after several rounds of tense questions. Despite this, the TV show continued and the host was recently joined by Ant Middleton, who became a household name for putting celebrities through their paces on the tough challenge show, SAS: Who Dares Wins. However, after announcing his departure in March, which was sparked by a number of controversial statements, Morgan showed his support and defended Middleton. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy SAS: Who Dares Wins sees ordinary people take on military-style training to test their mental and physical strength. The series also had a celebrity spin-off series which featured the likes of Joey Essex, Katie Price, Ulrika Johnson and AJ Odudu. When the series first premiered in 2015, Middleton took on the role of Chief Inspector up until his exit in March. He faced major backlash after making controversial statements about the Black Lives Matter protests and COVID-19 restrictions. Middleton took to Twitter to share he would be leaving the Channel 4 series “after five incredible years.” “The network also released a statement which read: “Ant Middleton will not be taking part in future series of SAS: Who Dares Wins. “Following a number of discussions, Channel 4 and Minnow Films have had with him in relation to his personal conduct it has become clear that our views and values are not aligned and we will not be working with him again.” The star, who has since retracted his statements, revealed he had been travelling the world ever since. DON'T MISS...Jennie Bond details why royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan reacts as Sharon misses TalkTV show as Ozzy falls ill [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan slams 'self-obsessed' Johnny Depp and Amber Heard [INSIGHT] On Thursday, Morgan was joined by Middleton for an interview on his talk show to discuss the importance of resilience. As the show was wrapping up, the presenter showed his support for the former soldier who he believed was “ridiculously cancelled.” Morgan told the star: “I know you got ridiculously cancelled from your show in the UK, that show’s never been the same since and you’ve gone on to better things.” Following his departure, Middleton was replaced by Former US Recon Marine Rudy Reyes, who joined the US Marine Corps in 1998 and passed the Marine Recon training, a reconnaissance battalion, before serving in Afghanistan and Iraq. Ahead of Morgan’s return to screens, Scott Taunton, the News UK EVP President of Broadcasting released a statement about ‘Piers Morgan Uncensored.’ Taunton said the channel would be “a new voice for viewers who are interested in straight-talking opinions and world-class expert insight on news and current affairs”. He described the show as “a fearless forum for lively and intelligent debate, big-name interviews and plenty of fun, fronted by one of the most outspoken and popular figures in international broadcasting”. Morgan’s guests have included Tyson Fury and Caitlyn Jenner. Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs weeknights at 8pm on TalkTV. 