Giles is one of the more eccentric Gogglebox characters, and he and his wife Mary have in the past been a hit with viewers, but they often divide opinion. On Friday's Channel 4 show, those who turned in to watch Britain's favourite TV commentators give their view of the week's programmes called Giles out for being "annoying" and ask how Mary "puts up" with him. At one point during the show, Mary was getting frustrated with Giles as he kept deliberately creaking a door. "I'm just testing the doors, Nutty," he explained as he demonstrated how loud the doors were. "That's really annoying, Giles," Mary remarked. She added: "Come on, you don't have to make that amount of noise." As he continued to allow the door to creak, she snapped: "Could you not?" READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? "I'm not touching it, Mary, it's doing it on its own," Giles replied. He proceeded to move the door again so the loud noise continued. "Giles!" Mary repeated. Later, while the Gogglebox cast poked fun at a This Morning segment in which Lynsey Crombie provided viewers with "obvious" cleaning tips, Giles ordered Mary to "pull a face". "Ketchup removes rust?" Mary asked, baffled, following Lynsey's obscure advice. "Yeah, to which we must pull a face, Mary," Giles replied. He then contorted his face and urged Mary to do the same. "Pull a face, Mary!" He demanded. Eventually, Mary joined her husband in making a face at the This Morning advice. Fans of the show couldn't help but give their view of Giles' peculiar humour. Twitter user @Hart18_T asked: "How does Mary put up with Giles #Gogglebox." (sic) DON'T MISS... Ralf Little slaps down ‘easy’ Death in Paradise role comments [VIDEO]'Felt down' The Apprentice star details Lord Sugar's 'public ridicule' [EXCLUSIVE]Prince Charles offers coat to cold EastEnders star Letitia Dean [LATEST] Rebecca fumed: "Omg! How the heck has Mary not smothered Giles in his sleep years ago? #Gogglebox." Caroline Naen felt the same, writing: "I couldn't live with Giles #Gogglebox." "I think when Mary eventually murders Giles her defence lawyers will play episodes of #Gogglebox in court then the judge will take sympathy on her and let her off with it," @PaulAllen2022 joked. @CronyZapponey observed: "Giles really does love to push Mary's buttons on #Gogglebox, and by God does Mary have a lot of buttons!" Drooper also tweeted his irritation, arguing: "Giles is the most annoying #Gogglebox." Others seemed to enjoy his bizarre jokes though, with @pundeag commenting: "#Gogglebox Giles has been on the beans again!" Jamie remarked: "Giles is funny as f*** hahahaha. Could listen to him all day hahaha. #Gogglebox #Giles #TooFunny #Lad." (sic) Gogglebox airs Fridays at 9pm on Channel 4.