There are just 89 days until Thor Love and Thunder hits cinemas and we still don’t have a trailer. That’s a shorter window without the first teaser for an MCU movie ever, even beating Spider-Man: No Way Home. Nevertheless, as Marvel fans wait there’s news of a test screening that took place at Marvel Studios. Disney often test screen their spoiler-filled movies like those in the MCU franchise internally, to prevent leaks. Despite this, occasionally the first reactions from employees lucky enough to see films like Thor Love and Thunder early do get out. According to reliable outlet Big Screen Leaks: “THOR: LOVE AND THUNDER test screened internally not too long ago and people LOVED it.” HZJoe similarly tweeted: “Thor love and thunder got a standing ovation in a test screening last night…Sorry it wasn’t last night but the rest still applies.” To be honest, we wouldn’t expect anything less from director Taika Waititi, who magnificently rebooted Hemsworth’s Asgardian in a fresh and comic fashion for Thor Ragnarok. Having returned to helm Thor Love and Thunder, it sounds like he’s done again, although little is known about the film’s plot. What we do know is it starts with Thor and the Guardians of the Galaxy, who took off together from Earth after the Asgardian god made Tessa Thompson’s Valkyrie the King of New Asgard. We also know that Natalie Portman’s Jane Foster will become The Mighty Thor and Christian Bale plays the villainous Gorr the God Butcher, whose first look has leaked. Despite the lack of a trailer, Thor Love and Thunder official artwork and Marvel toys images have landed online. In the pictures, which you can see here, Bale’s Gorr looks a bit like Voldemort; bald and grey with a toga of sorts on. He’s definitely less alien-looking than his comic book counterpart, but it’s good to know that the Oscar-winning actor won’t have his face hidden by layers of CGI. As for the first trailer, there’s a big rumour going around that the teaser could land on Monday. DON'T MISSDoctor Strange 2 new trailer: Scarlet Witch’s twins are back – WATCH [DOCTOR STRANGE 2]Tobey Maguire Spider-Man 4 ‘sounds beautiful’ says director Sam Raimi [SPIDER-MAN 4]Guardians of the Galaxy Secret Cinema: ‘Mind-blowing MCU immersion’ [GUARDIANS] The reasoning for this was a social media post by Hemsworth earlier this week, featuring himself, Waititi and Thompson. He wrote: “Some long lead press for Thor Love And Thunder with these two wonderful humans. A day full of wackiness and hilarity. Get ready folks this films gonna be wild!!” The trio are making strange hand gestures in the photo which some fans took to spell out 11/4/22 as the date of the first trailer drop. Not too long to find out if there’s anything to this then. Thor Love and Thunder hits cinemas on July 8, 2022.