Drivers could save on average more than £300 per year by sticking with regular petrol and diesel when filling their vehicle up. Current RAC Fuel Watch data shows unleaded petrol at 163.36p, compared to the average price of super unleaded which will set drivers back at 175.4p per litre. While a 12p difference between unleaded and super unleaded may not seem like much, it can have significant savings over a longer period of time. The average sized tank contains 55 litres, and with a 12 pence saving each litre, filling up once a week could save £6.60. When filling up once a week for the whole year, a driver could save a staggering £343.20. Consumer experts Which? claims that super unleaded petrol and diesel will oftentimes have “no benefit”. READ MORE: Driver fined for charging his EV at Lidl This is unless they drive a high-performance or imported car that specifically requires a higher octane rating than standard unleaded. Most car engines are optimised to work with standard fuel, 95 RON octane, so using enhanced fuel which can reach as high as 104 RON octane will have little to no benefits. Many of the most common fuel forecourts now offer premium petrol and diesel including BP, Shell, Texaco, Total and Esso. All cars must use a specific fuel type – which might be unleaded E5 or E10 petrol, diesel, Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) or increasingly, electric battery. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis gives desperate drivers fuel saving tips [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of 18 month waiting times for new electric cars [SHOCKING]Highway Code rule may help drivers save £150 a year on fuel costs [HELPFUL] Drivers can see benefits with premium fuels, although Confused.com states: “Whether it's worth the extra cost is debatable. “Certainly, for someone driving a small-to-medium sized engine, using premium fuel regularly is a waste of money. “It won’t provide extra power or speed – it just costs you more at the pumps. “It’s true that some high-octane fuels have cleaning qualities, which could improve the efficiency of older engines that have run on regular unleaded for years. “With this in mind, a tank of high-octane petrol might be beneficial once in a while. “The fact is that the vast majority of cars function perfectly well on 95-octane standard unleaded fuel.” The weight of the fuel also has an impact on the fuel economy, which could lead to drivers spending more on their petrol and diesel. Drivers have been informed that they can save around one percent of their fuel consumption by only half filling their car. As a result of the added weight of the car from the fuel, the engine needs to work harder to move the car, thus using up more fuel. This may not be for everyone, as some motorists who need to drive long distances to fill their tank may see the savings undone by the cost of the extra miles. A spokesperson for Confused.com added: “A few high-performance sports cars benefit from using premium fuel – in terms of improved performance, engine protection and greater fuel efficiency. “If you think your car might benefit from high-octane fuel and the manufacturer suggests it as an option – try it out for yourself. “If you can’t really see any improvement in fuel efficiency or performance, it’s probably fine to take the regular fuel option.”