The comments come after chancellor Rishi Sunak came under intense scrutiny following the news his wife  Akshata Murty had been holding non-domiciled status, which means she avoided paying tax in Britain on foreign income. Murty is thought to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds, and the news has continued to make headlines in light of Sunak's tax hike plans. On Friday, Murty announced she would start to pay tax in the UK but this morning GB News guest Petrie explained the gesture was "too late" and asked what the couple had "been thinking". Talking about the day's headlines, Petrie stated: "Rishi Sunak's wife will now pay UK taxes to save his career - I think this is going to be too late." She went on: "The damage is done, I think that the reputational damage is done, I think that it doesn't matter now what the Sunaks do. "This is not going to work in order to repair Rishi Sunak's reputation." GB News' Anne Diamond argued: "If they thought of it years ago-" READ MORE: Adil Ray and Thornberry clash as he exposes Labour hypocrisy "Well, they should have done," Petrie cut in. "Why didn't they? What on earth were they thinking?" Anne agreed, adding: "If you're standing for major political office and very clearly his ambitions-" Agreeing,  Petrie pointed out: "Yes, his ambitions are way higher," "Then why didn't somebody say to them?" Anne asked. "Why didn't they even think to themselves 'what's the optics on this'? you know." "Yes, it's the optics of this," Petrie agreed. She continued: "And she's not broken any law, she shows you have to tick a box on a form to say 'I am non-dom for purposes of tax', there's no ambiguity to that choice. "So the choice was made by his wife and I'm afraid he keeps saying, 'what my wife does doesn't reflect on me'. Of course it does! Absolutely it does." Dawn Neesom explored more headlines, adding: "The i is basically saying he's fighting for his political survival, and you have to now. DON'T MISS... Former The Apprentice star lewis ellis talks leaving the show 'Weirdes [EXCLUSIVE]Charlie Stayt grills politician over Rishi Sunak backlash [VIDEO]EastEnders theory: Bernie Taylor steals baby from Rainie [THEORY] "The story just sort of develops every single day and every paper is covering it, you have to question whether he can survive this." She argued: "It's very interesting that the Tories aren't closing ranks around him like they did with Boris Johnson and partygate." "Do you not think they're the ones who have pushed this story?" Petrie asked. "Someone is out to get him," Dawn replied. "There are knives in his back aren't there, and it's not the Labour party, I think it's coming from within the Tory party," she claimed. Murty announced she would be taking the U-turn so as not to be a distraction to her husband. She said in a statement: "For this reason, I will no longer be claiming the remittance basis for tax. "This means I will now pay UK tax on an arising basis on all my worldwide income, including dividends and capital gains, wherever in the world that income arises. "I do this because I want to, not because the rules require me to. "These new arrangements will begin immediately and will also be applied to the tax year just finished," she added. GB News' Breakfast with Stephen and Anne airs Saturdays from 6am. 