Helen Lee Bouygues, president of the Reboot foundation established to research and advocate for more critical thinking education, believes that education is the best way to stop people from becoming susceptible to misinformation. She told Express.co.uk: “Schools should absolutely be teaching children media literacy and how to spot misinformation. “I think both the combination of critical thinking and media literacy is something that we need to start at least in middle school, as a building block, especially in terms of how we gather information. “In the US, over two-thirds of middle school students today don't receive any media literacy training and critical thinking education is even less.”  She added: “Our studies have shown that by reading an article or watching a video on better media literacy and identifying fake news, there is a difference between before and after.” A study of 2,007 people conducted by IFOP on behalf of the Reboot Foundation found that 52 percent of French people believe at least one piece of Russian misinformation on Putin’s motives for invading Ukraine. It found that 10 percent believe that the Russians are aiming to rid Ukraine of nazism, 22 percent believe that war is justified in the name of Russian security and that 23 percent believe that the war is supported by Russian speaking Ukrainians who have been the victims of “discrimination by Ukrainian authorities”. Commenting on the findings of the report, Ms Lee Bouygues said: “Without education in critical reasoning, the results are devastating since more than one out of two French people believes in at least one of the five justifications used by Putin to invade Ukraine.  “The challenge for public authorities is to develop, from an early age, the capacities of our children to verify sources and compare points of view in order to form an opinion as close as possible to the facts.” A 2021 survey from the Open Society Institute (OSI) assessed the resilience to misinformation of 35 European countries, using media freedom, media literacy education and trust among people as indicators. The study found that Finland, Denmark and Estonia are the three countries most resilient to misinformation. The UK was number 10 on the list and Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina and North Macedonia made the bottom of the list.   Finland teaches media literacy widely in schools and Finnish fact-checking organisation Faktabaari (FactBar) adapts professional fact-checking methods for use in Finnish schools The creators of the OSI survey said: “High-quality education and having more and more educated people is a prerequisite for tackling the negative effects of fake news and post-truth. “While some regulation is necessary, education seems to be the best all-round solution.” In July 2021, as part of the Online Harms Bill the Government launched its Media literacy strategy, which will give teachers training on how to help young people spot misinformation.  DON'T MISS:How to get your child into secondary school How to access free learning resources - translated into Ukrainian Putin humiliation as same amount of Russia troops lost as Afghanistan However, it is not a statutory requirement to teach media literacy in schools. Research conducted by the National Literacy Society found that only two percent of children in the UK have the skills they need to be able to identify misinformation. It also found that more than half of teachers (53.5 percent) believe that the national curriculum does not equip children with the literacy skills they need to identify fake news. 