Mr Charles discussed the travel cancellations in the UK with Nick Ferarri, explaining why so much disruption was taking place in the travel sector. The travel expert claimed that the industry was lacking staff and couldn't hire people fast enough. Over 1.6m Brits are expected to try and fly out of the country this weekend, but due to covid backlogs and lack of staff, many won't make it. Mr Charles also then went on to say that travel agencies had been warning of the incoming crisis since last year December when the omicron variant swept the UK. Mr Ferrari said: "Well I would suggest a couple of airlines here have got a crisis what would you tell them, Paul? good morning." Mr Charles told LBC: "Good morning Nick, this is a big crisis, it's that snapback from last year when very few flights were operating of course at the easter weekend. "To this year, departures are up to nearly 600% from last easter. "There are 1.6m seats flying out this weekend from UK airports alone, and you can imagine managers simply can't cope because they don't have enough staff.  JUST IN: Brexit ‘silver lining’ for businesses as huge move making UK ‘more resilient’ to shocks Mr Charles added: "With the high level of demand, the demand is there, the ability to deliver is the problem. "And that's why airlines are worried." Mr Ferrari added: "Look hindsight is a perfect vision or whatever the expression is, shouldn't they to a degree seen this coming Paul and started training earlier?" Mr Charles said: "Yes they were warned, there were various organisations warning about the shortfall of 200,000 people in the industry as far back as last December.   READ MORE: Rishi Sunak refuses to resign as inquiry is launched into ‘damaging’ financial affairs Mr Charles added: "But obliviously the omicron variant hit and many bosses were worried about hiring people when they couldn't see light at the end of the tunnel. Travel expert and HotelPlanner CEO and co-founder Tim Hentschel has warned Brits to do their research before purchasing tickets to travel at this present moment in time. Speaking to Express.co.uk Mr Hentschel said: "Definitely register with the UK Embassy or Consulate in your destination city so officials know you’re in the country and can assist you in an emergency." He added: "Follow the news. If war spreads across Eastern Europe or into one inch or NATO soil, you should have a plan to evacuate or relocate to a safer area."