It could be replaced by a new a benefit payment for more than 80,000 people. Unpaid carers looking after more than one person will receive an extra £10 each week under the new proposals. This means some people could receive £500 a year more. The new benefit payment - The Scottish Carer’s Assistance - will be administered by Social Security Scotland. Britons are reminded that The Scottish Carer’s Assistance consultation is open for responses until May 23 and carers are encouraged to have their say. The Scottish Carer’s Assistance aims to support more than 80,000 people who provide 35 hours a week of care to those receiving certain disability benefits. READ MORE: Free bus pass: State pension age change could see over 60s miss out on benefit This will start replacing PIP for nearly 300,000 Scots claimants in August this year and the extension of Scottish Child Payment for six to 16-year-olds by the end of the year - subject to the DWP providing the necessary data. Results for the consultation responses will be shared with the DWP, as part of their plans to devolve social security. Social Security Minister Ben Macpherson said: “Caring for a loved one can be a positive and life-changing experience but also presents many challenges. “We will deliver Scottish Carer’s Assistance in a compassionate and considerate way, linking carers to wider services. “We will also create a weekly payment of £10 for those caring for more than one person, and if the person they care for is challenging a change to their disability benefits we will make support available. “This is in addition to continuing support for young carers and maintaining the extra support from our Carer’s Allowance Supplement, providing eligible carers with an extra £460 a year.” He continued: “When we have introduced our new benefit, and safely and securely transferred people from Carer’s Allowance to Scottish Carer’s Assistance, we intend to make further improvements. “We will look for opportunities to make these changes sooner if we can do so without putting carers’ existing benefits at risk.” As millions more people have been plunged into poverty by the cost of living crisis, campaigners are reminding people that £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year. Some 400,000 Britons are thought to be eligible for up to £302 a month in Carer’s Allowance, the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has confirmed. Anyone who helps someone with everyday tasks or getting around the home for 35 hours a week or more is being encouraged to apply for Carer’s Allowance. They can be in work but they will need to be earning no more than £128 a week. In addition, the person they are caring for needs to be claiming certain state benefits for them to qualify. Before applying they should let them know as it may affect their benefits and how much they receive. These state benefits include: