Car insurance rates have hit an 18-month high, as all customers are facing higher costs, even if loyal drivers choose to auto-renew. Motorists in the UK are now paying £550 for their car insurance, on average, following a £12 increase year-on-year. Loyal customers continue to see their prices increase as two in five drivers who received their renewal last quarter saw their prices increase by £39 on average. This is a £27 increase on the cost of shopping around, despite major changes from the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) which was designed to protect drivers. Under the new regulations, insurers must offer drivers the same price they would receive as a new customer buying in the same way, banning what was previously known as a new customer discount. Following these changes, almost 20 percent of drivers who received their renewal in the past three months wrongly believed that their renewal wouldn’t increase, with a further one in five expecting their renewal price to be cheaper. READ MORE: Land Rover driver fined £1,000 after passing cyclist Almost a fifth of drivers who were due to renew last quarter wrongly believed that their renewal price wouldn’t increase. Louise O’Shea, CEO at Confused.com, reminded drivers that changes won’t guarantee a cheaper renewal price. She said: “Just like many of our household bills, car insurance costs are starting to increase, and this is mostly down to the fact that we’re driving a lot more now than we were 12 months ago. “This means the number of claims insurers are paying out on is likely to have increased too. DON'T MISSFuel shortages to blame for ‘widespread disruption’ across the UK [INSIGHT]Mum solves enigma of mystery car parked on driveway near airport [MYSTERY]Driver fined £65 because shadow of his car was in disabled spot [SHOCKING] “It’s worrying that so many people believed the pricing changes that came into effect in January would guarantee them a cheaper price, and I have no doubt they had quite a shock when they received their renewal notice and it was higher. “This is purely down to the fact that the cost of insurance is going up, and this stands for renewal prices too.” Prices have been creeping up for the past six months, with drivers today paying £36 more than those who bought a new policy six months ago, on average. While Manchester still has the highest car insurance cost outside of London, prices have fallen by two percent in the past 12 months. On the other hand, drivers in Northern Ireland have seen the biggest rise in prices in the past 12 months, with the average car insurance premium in the region now £56 more expensive year-on-year, on average. This means drivers in the region are now paying £581, on average. Louise O’Shea continued, saying: “Data proves that there still is the need to shop around. “Yes, prices have increased, but it’s very likely that there will be another insurer that can offer a better price for the cover you need, as the market is more competitive than ever. “And this is why we’re offering to beat your renewal quote or give you the difference, plus £20. “In the current climate, saving money where we can is more important than ever, so please don’t settle for your renewal, and see how we could help you save money.” In particular, 17-year-olds are now paying a staggering £83 less compared to drivers of the same age 12 months ago. However, despite this helpful saving, this is still the most expensive age for young drivers, with premiums at an eye-watering £1,419, on average. According to the data, prices fall below £1,000 once drivers reach the age of 24.