Mrs Hinch fans often share cleaning tips on dedicated Facebook forums, including how to clean pillows. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Julia Crane wrote: “Does anyone have any tips for discoloured pillows? I know they are inside their pillow cases so you can’t see the inside but I know they look grim.” Pillow discolouration is often caused by sweat, which happens after the face or head rests against it for several hours at a time. Cosmetics, hair products and face products could also cause yellow stains. While it is recommended to buy new pillows every so often, Mrs Hinch fans have shared methods for cleaning them. Sophie May wrote: “I’m currently washing mine in the washing machine. READ MORE: Tomatoes: How to grow tasty fresh fruit from seed at home now “They come out misshaped but with a little patience they do fluff back to normal again.” April Wilson added: “Put a clean tennis ball in with the pillows, it stops them misshaping.” Aimee Madly said: “Wash in the washing machine with some white vinegar, it’s great. “Throw a clean tennis ball into the wash as it helps stop the pillow going into a weird shape.” DON'T MISS:Potatoes: ‘Important tip’ when choosing a potato variety to grow [EXPERT]Fruit and vegetables to plant now perfect for small gardens [COMMENT]Tomatoes: How to grow tasty fresh fruit from seed at home now [EXPLAINER] They can also be dried in tumble dryers with tennis balls too. It is recommended to put the tennis balls in a sock so that they don’t harm the machine. Alison Huet commented: “Wash with white vinegar, and you can add baking soda too, mine look brand new.” Amy Brodle said: “Soak for an hour or two in warm water with detergent and white vinegar. “Dry in the sun if possible so it can work its magic, the sun helps to get rid of lots of stains.” White vinegar is one of the best natural stain removers that many households already have. The acetic acid in the vinegar is mild, so it removes stains without ruining any clothing or bedding. Group members also recommended investing in new pillows if they are badly stained. It was also advised to get pillow protectors so they last longer without turning yellow. Mrs Hinch fans also shared how to clean mattresses on the same social media page. Kirsty Harris wrote: “Any mattress cleaning tips for stains?” Ffion Bloomfield wrote: “Flash bicarbonate spray. Once it dries, sprinkle bicarb powder all over. “Leave that as long as you can and then hoover.” Natalie Evans commented: “Flash bicarb 100 percent, spray a little and rub.”