Emma Raducanu has opened up on rediscovering her US Open mindset after a winning start at the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix. The world No 12 was making her debut on the clay at a WTA Tour event and needed just 70 minutes to overcome qualifier Storm Sanders 6-1 6-2. It came days after the Brit suffered a right foot injury at the Billie Jean King Cup tie against the Czech Republic. Raducanu was happy to be “enjoying her tennis” again after a victorious opening match in Stuttgart. The 19-year-old had only made her professional debut on a clay court on Friday, beating Tereza Martincova 7-5 7-5 at the BJK Cup before suffering severe blistering in her 6-1 6-1 loss to Marketa Vondrousova the following day, feeling “redundant and helpless” as she could barely move around the court. But it was a different story for the US Open champion on Wednesday, who looked to be well over her injury woes as she dropped just three games against the Aussie world No 197 in her first round match at the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix. When asked whether she was taking anything from her triumph in Flushing Meadows into the clay-court season ahead of an upcoming French Open debut, Raducanu admitted she had returned to her free-swinging US Open mindset. “I mean at the US Open I think the biggest thing was just having zero expectation and just going out there and having fun every single match, having a swing and I think that’s something that overtime I’ve definitely developed and starting to do more and more so yeah, I’m just really enjoying my tennis at the moment,” the eighth seed said. JUST IN: Wimbledon ban on Russian players slammed in strong ATP statement   While it was a dominant showing for Raducanu on the indoor clay, the world No 12 said it felt like no easy win with several lengthy games against Sanders, including a 12-minute, five-deuce game to start the second set that saw the Brit take an early break. “Definitely not,” she said, when asked if the match was as simple as the scoreline suggested. “I feel like there were many long long deuce games so I’m very happy to have battled through against Storm. You know, she’s played two matches in qualifying but she’s a great opponent, we played last year and it was extremely tricky so I’m just really happy to have somehow found a way to come through those long games and put on a good performance.” DON'T MISSDjokovic receives boost as Serb cleared for Rome after vaccine dramaTennis champion Pam Shriver 'lured into relationship' with coachWimbledon confirm ban on Russian players as Medvedev to miss out    After what was just her third professional match on the dirt, the young Brit was also eager to keep improving her game as the clay swing progressed, as she is also set to play the WTA 1000 events in Madrid and Rome before making her French Open debut. Sharing the tricky part of adjusting to the surface, she said: “I think it’s definitely the duration of the points, that’s something that I need to just work on as I spend more time on clay and it will improve my craftiness and variety as well of shots, so I’m just looking forward to spend more time on this surface going forward.” Next up for Raducanu is a meeting with lucky loser Tamara Korpatsch, who came into the draw in place of Camila Giogi and defeated Jasmine Paolini in three sets. Unfamiliar with the world No 118, the eighth seed said: “I don’t know anything about her right now but must be a great opponent to come through a tough first round and looking forward to playing a German on home turf.” 