Celtic manager Ange Postecoglou has hit out at Rangers fans after members of his playing and coaching staff were targeted with glass bottles in their superb 2-1 victory over Rangers on Sunday - with one staff member 'urgently needing multiple stitches' after objects were thrown onto the Ibrox pitch. Celtic's afternoon got off to the worst possible start after on-loan Rangers midfielder Aaron Ramsey sent Ibrox into pandemonium with a well-struck effort. But goals from Tom Rogic and Cameron Carter-Vickers put the visitors in front at the interval and set up an enticing last 45 minutes. However, there were nasty scenes prior to the start of the second half after former England goalkeeper Joe Hart was targeted with glass bottles moments before the restart. And after it transpired that a member of Celtic's staff was also hit by objects, Postecoglou blasted the 'idiots' that ruined the 'fantastic spectacle'. “It is disappointing because this is a game that gets beamed around the world and it stands on its own," the Australian said. "You had two teams going at it in first and second spot and you don’t need a couple of idiots spoiling it.  JUST IN: Arsenal on alert as Leicester 'consider selling James Maddison' to raise transfer funds  “You don’t need it. I don’t know what people are trying to achieve by doing that. I thought it was a fantastic spectacle. Sitting here now as the winning coach that kind of taints my view of it, but I thought anybody watching would agree it was a good game of football and you could tell there was something meaningful at the end of it by the way both sets of players went at it." Hart was forced to attract the attention of a number of stewards to remove the glass from the pitch, with shards of a bottle being scattered around the penalty area. Play was halted for several minutes whilst staff looked to remove any debris from the playing area so that normal service could resume. And after the Celtic staff member was treated, Postecoglou confirmed he was 'okay' after treatment was issued immediately. He said: “He was on the way in. I think he is okay, He had a couple of stitches." Celtic moved six points clear in the title race with six games remaining, although they will face Rangers once again in the league at Celtic Park after the division splits into two next weekend. And the duo will face off again in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park in two weeks' time. DON'T MISSGary Lineker threatens to block Match of the Day Twitter account over Man Utd post[SOCIAL]Newcastle plotting Arnaut Danjuma swap transfer with Miguel Almiron [GOSSIP]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has four glaring problems to solve after Brentford loss[COMMENT]