The legendary comedy duo were honoured with a dramatic retelling of their lives on BBC Two last night. Directed by Jon S. Baird, ‘Stan & Ollie’ looks at how the pair delighted audiences on both sides of the Atlantic. British actor Steve Coogan shows he has an ear for a tune in his role as Cumbria-born Stan Laurel. And, sharing the screen with him is John C. Reilly, who gets into the character of Oliver Hardy — with the help of some prosthetics. He said: “They embraced these demanding tours which were quite physically exhausting.” The expert had not seen ‘Stan & Ollie’, which portrays Laurel and Hardy as having tense disagreements with one another. Mr Louvish claimed that any animosity between the pair in real life was not because they disliked one another, but due to them being worn out. He explained: “They were both very ill in their later years.” Their British tour in 1953 and 1954 would be their last due to their declining health. Laurel and Hardy first broke into the public consciousness in the mid-Twenties thanks to Hal Roach. The Hollywood producer put the two men together and the public soon warmed to their iconic little-and-large partnership. Despite starting out in silent movies, the duo later made the transition to pictures with sound – two of the only stars to successfully do so at the time. Mr Louvish claimed that the pair were bright spots on the bleak landscape of America during the economic depression in the Thirties. He said: “During the Great Depression, people were so desperate, and they needed comedy. DON'T MISS:‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show [LATEST]Clint Eastwood once swam through shark-infested waters after plane crash survival [INSIGHT]EastEnders' June Brown wanted to write letter of apology after awkward Queen meeting [ANALYSIS] “Here are two bums wandering about. They come from nowhere. They have no money. “They’re always trying to do the right thing, but get into a fine mess. “They take failure and make it into something you can laugh about.” In their later years, Laurel and Hardy were determined to keep performing despite their health issues and lack of material. Mr Louvish said: “They had run out of stuff, yet they’re trying to do material and buoyed up by the fact that people love them. “They can’t make more movies, yet they want to continue until death.” Oliver died aged 65 in 1957 and Stan aged 74 in 1965.