Everton manager Frank Lampard has admitted he 'knows the rules' when it comes to Premier League managers losing their jobs. The 43-year-old is under serious pressure to steer the Toffees away from relegation to the Championship amid a disastrous start to life on Merseyside. Since replacing Rafa Benitez in January, Lampard has lost seven of his nine Premier League games, but none would've stung as much as Wednesday's 3-2 defeat at relegation rivals Burnley. And suggestions that he might not even last the season at Everton have started to creep in, with the club in danger of losing their long-standing top-flight status. But the agonising pressure isn't new to Lampard, who has explained how he felt he was always 'two games from the sack' throughout his stint as Chelsea manager. He told reporters: "I know the rules - that's the pressure; no problem, you sign up for that. I probably spent 18 months at Chelsea with the same [pressure]. "For 18 months, you are probably two games from the sack. Maybe that is a symptom of football and the Premier League. That's pressure. No problem, you sign up for that. I have no problem with that, or in terms of the speculation (about the sack). Even if you get to an FA Cup final and make top four you still know the rules." JUST IN: Ajax 'ban English media' from Ten Hag press briefing amid Man Utd link Everton host Manchester United at Goodison Park on Saturday and will hope the home support can help secure three significant points against Ralf Rangnick's disjointed side. However, anything less than a win would see the Toffees end the weekend in the relegation zone if Burnley defeat Norwich City on Sunday. And Lampard has called for realism among fans and pundits alike who believe it's a shock Everton are in such a precarious position due to the size of the club. The ex-Derby County and Chelsea boss stressed they are no different to Watford, Norwich and Burnley in the battle for safety. READ MORE: Man Utd 'have approached Everton for Richarlison' but face competition "We are in this position for a reason. When I came in, I was very aware of that," Lampard continued. "You look at other teams around us - Roy Hodgson comes in with incredible experience, and they are [still] in a relegation battle like we are. Dean Smith, huge respect for him, they are in a relegation battle like we are. Sean Dyche, an amazing manager at Burnley, they are in a relegation battle like we are. "It should be no different for Everton because of our name and the 70 years we haven't been relegated for, and the league titles and the European trophies we have. To bring it back to me, I just have to keep working and trust that good work will get good results for us." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.