Liverpool drew 2-2 with Manchester City for the second time this season with the Premier League title race unchanged after an absorbing Etihad meeting. Kevin De Bruyne's deflected effort in off the post had City 1-0 up inside five minutes but Liverpool hit back quickly through Diogo Jota. Gabriel Jesus' brilliant close-range finish restored the hosts' lead in the first half but it was level again within a minute of the restart thanks to Sadio Mane. Despite the pace of the game, neither team could find a winner to settle a thrilling encounter, meaning City stay top of the table, one point ahead of the Merseyside outfit. Express Sport rates and slates the Reds' individual performances. Alisson - 8 Liverpool's best player by some margin in the first half. Big early save from Raheem Sterling but a deflection took De Bruyne's strike away from him. Was expertly beaten by Jesus. Not troubled too much second half other than when Sterling rolled a shot underneath him, though he was offside. Briefly worried by a Riyad Mahrez free-kick that hit the post. Trent Alexander-Arnold - 6 A brilliant assist for Jota's equaliser and some dangerous moments offensively but was targeted defensively in the first half and kept Jesus onside for the second City goal. Looked a lot more assured in his own half after the interval to his credit. Joel Matip - 6 Unfortunate deflection for De Bruyne's goal and had his work cut out against Phil Foden. Just about kept Sterling offside for City's disallowed goal. Has had better games in possession but made a number of key interventions across the 90. Virgil van Dijk - 6 An unusually flustered display in the first half when he found himself hounded by City on the ball and Sterling regularly got goal side of him. Was more composed in the second 45 and defended excellently against Sterling in one moment. Booked for a cynical foul on De Bruyne. Andy Robertson - 6 Below-par for De Bruyne's goal but then a clever ball across to Alexander-Arnold for Jota's goal. Got a crucial touch to prevent Sterling having a one-on-one at 2-1 and kept busy by Jesus. Booked for hauling down De Bruyne. Fabinho - 5 Usually the shield for Liverpool's defence, the Brazilian was way below his best first half. He allowed De Bruyne to get past him far too easily for the first goal and was too often behind the play. Better when the visitors were on top but could've been better on the ball. Booked. Jordan Henderson - 5 Improved as the first half went on after a slow start and a good ball through to Jota when the Portuguese should've either scored or assisted a goal. Still wasn't as authoritative as he can be however. Withdrawn with 12 minutes to go. Thiago - 7 Great crossfield ball in the build-up to Jota's goal and the best outfield performer when Liverpool were second best in the first half. One of the most confident and effective on the ball. Booked after an accumulation of fouls. Sadio Mane - 6 Battled hard, particularly for aerial challenges, but couldn't get on the ball as much as he'd have liked first half. Then provided an excellent finish to level 47 seconds into the second half and was a lot livelier until being withdrawn late on. Mohamed Salah - 6 Desperately struggled to make his mark first half but a brilliantly-weighted pass into Mane to make it 2-2. Was brighter after that and put in a shift defensively though didn't get many goalscoring opportunities of his own. Had one shot deflected just wide of the far post. Diogo Jota - 6 Well-taken goal and pressed relentlessly but should've squared to Salah when released through on goal by Henderson. Denied by Ederson at 2-2 and then substituted with 20 minutes to go. Luis Diaz (on for Jota, min 70) - 6 Eager to get on the ball but didn't get many chances to run with it. Pressed hard. Naby Keita (on for Henderson, min 78) - N/A Brought on as Liverpool pushed for a winner but didn't get too many touches. Roberto Firmino (on for Mane, min 84) - N/A Same as Keita.