Prince Harry and Meghan Markle made the decision to not attend Prince Philip's memorial service which took place at Westminster Abbey on March 29 but are in The Netherlands where the couple will appear at the Invictus Games this weekend. Loose Women panellist Jane Moore has claimed that the Duke's absence was "primarily a fit of pique" after claiming his royal status had been "downgraded". The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were concerned about "security fears" but the Home Office rejected the couple's request for police protection. Meghan and Harry will now be in Europe since quitting the Royal Family in 2020. Dutch police added that they will also be given "VVIP status" to ensure their safety on the trip. Speaking in her latest column, the 59-year-old claimed that Harry's absence at his grandfather's memorial service was because of his royal status being snubbed. READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham and wife issue plea for Ukraine after £3m nuptials Jane began: "Well, well, well. "After missing Prince Philip’s memorial service for 'security reasons', it seems the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are to travel to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games this weekend." She continued: "Former Met Police Inspector Ken Wharfe, who helped guard Princes William and Harry, says: 'It is more of a risk to go to Holland to support a charity with a military link than come to London.' Quite." "Perhaps confirming my suggestion that Harry’s absence was primarily a fit of pique at his family for downgrading his royal status, rather than down to security fears over the UK’s refusal to give him official police protection," Jane concluded in The Sun. Meghan will join her husband in The Hague for the first few days at The Invictus Games, which is taking place from April 16 to 22. It comes as the Duke is embroiled in a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection for his family while in the UK. Harry wants to bring his children to visit but they are ”unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous, his legal representative has said. It is unknown whether the Duke will visit Britain and see his grandmother the Queen while he is on this side of the Atlantic for the Invictus Games. Harry founded the games to aid the rehabilitation of injured or sick military personnel and veterans from across the globe, by giving them the challenge of competing in sporting events similar to the Paralympics. It is not likely The Sussexes will see the Queen on her 96th birthday despite leaving the US to travel to Europe for the Invictus Games, according to a royal expert. Her Majesty will celebrate her 96th birthday on April 21st, when the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be in the Netherlands. Prince Harry and Meghan stepped down from their royal duties in 2020. The coupe now reside in Montecito, California along with the couple's two children. Robert Jobson, co-author of Diana: Closely Guarded Secret, told the Mirror he does not think Prince Harry will visit: "The reality is it is highly unlikely, given the schism he has caused in the family." On Monday evening, a spokesman for the duke and duchess confirmed Meghan will join Harry at the Games in The Hague for the first few days. The Invictus Games was where the couple chose to make their first public appearance together almost five years ago. Meghan made her first appearance at an official engagement attended by Harry in September 2017 in Toronto, Canada.