Sir Keir Starmer joined hosts Charlie Stayt and Naga Munchetty to discuss the rise of energy prices on Friday’s BBC Breakfast. While discussing Labour’s plans to help with the rising living costs, Stayt was slammed over his "pathetic" questioning, with some viewers believing the presenter was too “childish” with the politician.   Stayt began: “Now you'll be well aware that there are a lot of very frightened people. I think from a distance we've known it's coming for a while, the day comes, and you’re taking a meter reading and then you start thinking, what if it's £60 a month more? “What if it's £70 a month more? What are the implications? For me, my family, my household situation is a very frightening time for people.” Starmer replied: “I think it's really frightening and across the country, I've spoken to people in the last few weeks, and it's the most the thing that's really on their mind and they're tossing and turning at night about what they should do about it. “What we've said as the Labour Party, is we need a practical plan to deal with this that will actually reduce energy prices. “So we've said if you were to tax the oil and gas companies in the North Sea, who’s made more profit." READ MORE:Olivia Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Olivia Frazer now?  “Now I accept because the bills are going up,” Starmer added before Stayt cut in: “That's not acceptable. “So let me clarify what you just said. So you have a one-off tax. Yeah, very straightforward. It's a one-off tax. So you get a lump sum. So you, in theory, presumably now you've done the maths, and you know how much your lump sum would be, how many bills would that cover for how long?” Stayt probed. Starmer explained: “It would accommodate the hike, today, which is going up on average, I mean, obviously, it depends on each family, £6-£700." However Stayt pushed: "So let me be absolutely clear. I want to get this absolutely clear, if you're in government today, and these price rises were coming in, you would guarantee that no one would be paying a higher bill today or tomorrow. Is that right?”  The Labour leader explained: “We would lower those bills using the windfall tax using VAT receipts as well. “But yes, that's the whole point of the scheme. Now I accept,” Starmer added before Stayt interrupted: “For how long?” Starmer pointed out: “That would do with the crisis today." Stayt remarked: “When you say today, you're talking about today as in a month. What about in three months’ time when people's bills are still higher? Would you still be covering it then?” Starmer replied: "The energy cap is obviously changing today. So that means that the £6-£700 is obviously over a year." Furthermore, fans shared their rage on social media over Stayt's questioning, with David Braithwaite saying: “#charliestayt seems to be a lot harder in his questioning of #keirstarmer than he ever is on the Government ministers who continually evade #BBCBreakfast.”  On Twitter, Rob Dorsett echoed: “Charlie Stayt really is pathetic. Such childish questions he doesn't seem to understand ANYTHING.#bbcnews #BBCBreakfast. While another viewer, Lyn Taylor, claimed the journalist was being “rude” to the leader explaining: “@BBCNews Charlie Stayt being incredibly rude! Not good enough! #BBCBreakfast #Rude #letsbeclear.” (sic) User mysharona29: “Charlie stop being so aggressive to Keir Starmer have you been given an agenda?lets remember hes not in power. I think he answered really well #BBCBreakfast.”  @steve carnell agreed: “Charlie State is being a complete d*** to Keir Starmer. Outrageous.#BBCBreakfast." @FalcoHelen weighed in: “#BBCBreakfast Charlie, and the people talking into his ear…please listen to what K Starmer is saying. "I’ve understood it, why are you having such difficulties?" Another viewer slammed the interview overall for its lack of clarity, with @michaelfromuk remarking: “This is a poor interview - by Stayt. "Starmer said that he'd put in measures so *this year* nobody would be paying more for their energy; why is he pushing on what if they can't pay? That was clarified. #BBCBreakfast Push when it's not clear; not just for the hell of it."