Arsenal technical director Edu has been left with egg on his face following Dejan Kulusevski's fine start to life at Tottenham. Not only did the Gunners chief not push through his interest in the winger, he allowed him to join top four rivals Spurs in a double transfer mistake. Kulusevski signed for Tottenham from Juventus on a six-month loan deal on deadline day in January with an option to buy. After missing out on Adama Traore and Luis Diaz, Spurs managing director of football Fabio Paratici returned to Juve to get both Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur at the final hour. After a couple of ineffective substitute appearances early on, the Swede has really come to the party. Kulusevski has three goals and six assists to his name in 11 Premier League outings. He has formed what appears to be a formidable front three with Harry Kane and Heung-min Son. But it could have been so different if Arsenal decided to sign the 21-year-old. READ MORE: Man Utd forward Greenwood confronted by supporter as police investigation continues  Kulusevski was linked with a move to Arsenal throughout the first half of the season. The Gunners were keen on signing a striker in January, so their eyes were perhaps elsewhere once the window opened. They wanted to lure Dusan Vlahovic from Juventus but the Serbian instead chose to join Juve. The Gunners' interest in Kulusevski again circulated once a move for Dusan Vlahovic fell through. Arsenal were reported as favourites to sign him late in the window. But on deadline day, it was Spurs who got a deal done. DON'T MISSRay Parlour singles out three Tottenham stars in Paul Merson disagreement [QUOTES]Mikel Arteta can solve Arsenal issues by dropping two players and making tactical tweak [COMMENT]Erik ten Hag ‘close to deciding on Man Utd job’ with three assurances key [GOSSIP]  Arsenal did not make any signings in January, allowing six players to leave either on loan or permanently. Edu sat and watched Spurs make two late signings, and both have become key figures in Conte's starting XI. But it will be the Kulusevski deal which hurts Arsenal the most. He was there for the taking if they wanted him. He even admitted back in 2019 that he was a Gunners supporter. Kulusevski said: "My favourite team is Arsenal, because I like everything about the club, the city, the players and the way they play football."  A winger may not have been the priority for Arsenal in January, with Bukayo Saka, Emile Smith Rowe, Gabriel Martinelli and Nicolas Pepe all options out wide. But Pepe has done nothing this season to shrug off the tag of being a £72million flop. Kulusevski, who is four years younger than the Ivory Coast star, has hit the ground running. And Edu will be feeling embarrassed that he missed out on a player who looks to be a future star. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 