Gary Lineker has aimed a sly dig at Manchester United after they suffered a shocking defeat at the hands of relegation-threatened Everton on Saturday. United went down 1-0 at Goodison Park as Anthony Gordon’s deflected strike earned Frank Lampard’s side a crucial three points in the Premier League.    Ralf Rangnick’s team started brightly as Marcus Rashford forced two strong saves from Jordan Pickford inside the first 12 minutes. Pickford did well to keep out Rashford’s effort from the edge of the box before keeping out a strong downward header from Bruno Fernandes’ cross. After a fast start, United faded badly and found themselves 1-0 down at the break when Gordon’s effort found the back of the net thanks to a touch off Harry Maguire. Everton dropped deep and defended manfully to hold onto their lead but were indebted to Pickford, who made another good save from Cristiano Ronaldo’s late snapshot. Defeat comes as a huge blow to United’s hopes of finishing in the top four and qualifying for the Champions League next season. They are seventh, three points adrift of Tottenham and Arsenal, while Everton stay 17th but moved four points clear of the relegation zone.  JUST IN: Ralf Rangnick rejects any 'excuse' from Man Utd stars being distracted The woeful nature of the result was summed up by Match of the Day presenter – and former Everton striker – Lineker. He tweeted: “Massive win for @everton. I know it’s only against @ManUtd but it’s huge nevertheless.” Everton had lost six of their previous seven Premier League matches and were reeling from their 3-2 defeat by relegation rivals Burnley on Wednesday. United have now gone three games without a win in all competitions.  DON'T MISS Man Utd legend Rio Ferdinand proved spot on about Marcus Rashford Man Utd given fresh hope of completing 'bargain' Youri Tielemans deal Erik ten Hag could be 'the new Klopp or Guardiola' for Man Utd Rangnick’s side crashed out of the Champions League at the hands of Atletico Madrid on March 15 before drawing 1-1 with Leicester City last weekend following the international break. United have now won just eight of their 17 Premier League games under interim boss Rangnick, which means the German has the lowest win rate of any United manager in the competition. “If you don’t score a single goal in 95 minutes we have to be disappointed,” Rangnick told BT Sport post-match. “We had a good start to the game and controlled the first 25 minutes, should’ve created more chances ourselves in the first 25 minutes. We conceded a deflected shot and after that lost a bit of our composure and stride. “Second half we tried to add more creativity and verticality with our substitutions but didn’t always find the right moment, or take the right decision. In the end we couldn’t score a single goal in 95 minutes as I said.” 