The Split season three is making a comeback on BBC One and the TV series will continue to follow the three Defoe sisters. The upcoming season will detail the eldest sister Hannah’s (played by Nicola Walker) turbulent marriage to husband Nathan (Stephen Mangan). While the main cast from season two will be returning, there will be some additional guests for the final outing.  University lecturer Ronnie will be returning as the love interest of Ruth (Deborah Findlay). Ronnie is played by Ian McElhinney, a 73-year-old Northern Irish actor and director. He is best known for his roles in Taggart and Cold Feet. The star also plays grandad Joe in Derry Girls and will be returning for the show's final season.  Rose's (Fiona Button) husband James will be back and the pair have been struggling to have children. James is played by Rudi Dharmalingam, a 40-year-old actor who has appeared on stage and screen. He is known for his roles in Hollyoaks and Wakefield.  Hannah’s boss returns for the final season but he is unaware of some of the scandals happening behind his back. Actor Chukwudi Iwuji described his character as blissfully ignorant. The star has featured in superhero drama Peacemaker and Doctor Who, The Underground Railroad and Designated Survivor. READ MORE: Nicola Walker on seeing Hannah's ex with someone else Tyler is at the centre of the drama after he went behind his partner's back in the previous season. He is played by Damien Molony, a 38-year-old Irish actor known for Being Human, Brassic and Ripper Street.  Liv appeared in the second season as a student who developed a crush on one of her teachers. She is played by Elizabeth Roberts, who has previously taken on guest roles in Call The Midwife and Casualty.  Tilly Stern is played by Mollie Cowen in the series and her breakthrough role was in The Split. Previously, she had roles in the shorts Three Sleeps and The Princess Under the Stars. Toby Oliver plays Vinnie, Hannah and Nathan's son in the series. He has previously starred in Dark Money, Containment and Black Mirror.  Lindsay Duncan plays Caroline in the drama and she is a 71-year-old actress. She is known for her roles on the stage and screen, having starred in G.B.H, Rome and Sherlock.  India is played by Jemima Rooper, a 40-year-old British actress who has worked in the industry since she was a child. She is the daughter of TV star Alison Rooper, and one of her first roles was in the 1993 film, The Higher Mortals. Her other credits include Gold Digger, Silent Witness and Father Brown. DON'T MISS... Will there be another season of Peaky Blinders? [EXPLAINER] Doctor Who star Karen Gillan doesn't rule out return to BBC series [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise star Ralf Little on ‘vindication’ of Neville [INTERVIEW] Kate is a new addition to the cast for the final season and she is a leading child psychologist. Her presence causes a stir amongst the original characters, and she is played by Lara Pulver. Lara is a 41-year-old actress known for her roles in Spooks and Sherlock.  Felix is played by Clarence Smith, a London-born actor who is known for his roles in TV and on stage. He starred in Medics and Doctors, before playing a prosecution barrister in Coronation Street in 2014. Leonora is portrayed by Karen Bryson, who recently played Meena in the series Matchmakers. She has also starred in Silent Witness, Black Narcissus and White Wall. Prisha is played by Radhika Aggarwal, an actress and voiceover artist. She has starred in Casualty, New Tricks and My Doctor's Advice.  Gemma is played by Viss Elliot Safavi, an actress and costume designer. Her previous credits include Tehran, Doctors and Holby City.  Howard Corlett plays Connor in the final season and he is a TV actor who has starred in Emmerdale and The Rook.  Kate Maravan is an actress, writer and teacher who plays Trudy in the series. She co-founded the resident theatre company White Box in London. Her acting credits include Broken News and Emmerdale.  Mike is played by Damian Lynch, an actor and voice artist. He has previously starred in Casualty, Little Britain and EastEnders.  Gael is played by Alex Guersman, who has previously starred in A Weekend in July and Return of the Goat II: New World Order.  The Split starts tonight, April 4, on BBC One at 9pm