Meghan Markle’s father announced he would travel to London for the first time for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in an interview with GB News’s Dan Wootton on Monday. Thomas Markle said he hopes the “grand gesture” will allow him to reunite with his estranged daughter. In a poll that ran from 9am on Wednesday, April 27, to midday on Thursday, April 28, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Thomas Markle be welcomed to the UK during the Platinum Jubilee?” A total of 3,661 people cast their votes with a majority of respondents – 65 percent (2,398 people) opting for “yes”, Mr Markle should be welcomed to the UK during the Platinum Jubilee. Meanwhile, 32 percent (1,171 people) said “no” and a further three percent (92 people) said they did not know. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article with readers sharing their views on Mr Markle visiting the UK and meeting the Royal Family. Username Beehive said: “Thomas Markle should be welcomed with open arms.” Username Kkaazz wrote: “Not a case of should, he would be welcomed.” And username ChrissieD said: “I think that's a great idea and I hope it happens.” Username Mack20 said: “Definitely Thomas should be welcomed. Everyone gave Meghan a chance and welcomed her. We should do the same for Thomas.” Others were in agreement that Mr Markle should be welcomed in the same way as Meghan’s mother Doria Ragland was. Username lol62 said: “Yes he should. Why not? Her mother was brought over and welcomed by the Royal Family.” Username citizenz1234 said: “We welcomed Doria, we should welcome Thomas.” Another, username Jellybean66 wrote: “He should be given the same courtesy as her mother.” Mr Markle said he would also like to meet other members of the Royal Family on his visit and make them aware he has “no ill-feeling about the royals whatsoever”. Many were in favour of Mr Markle meeting with the Royal Family during his visit. Username L65 said: “Yes, he is part of the extended family like it or not.” DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan 'tried to enforce' tour rules under threat of being 'thrown out' of visit [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan 'stunned' by 'shut door' as William's trust damaged [LATEST]'Where's the product?' Meghan and Harry 'going nowhere' as royals 'scrambling' for deals [ANALYSIS] Username weemo said: “I am sure he will get on well with Charles and Camilla, he seems a nice guy!” While username kiaora said: “Yes, why not and it would be a nice gesture if Charles would meet up with him after all he is Harry's father in law.” Some commented that they would welcome Mr Markle to the UK but did not expect him to meet the Royal Family. Username Milton keynes mum said: “Why not he is a free citizen, I do not expect the Queen will see him but he is entitled to come to the UK if he wishes.” Username Tgs5995 wrote: “Why not? He should be allowed to visit the UK for any occasion. I don't think the Royal Family will meet with him, but let him try.” Others were concerned about the timing of his planned visit to the UK with username Lobelia writing: “Our wonderful Queen has had enough upset, let her enjoy her Jubilee. Now is not the time.” Username JAW81said: “No he shouldn't come over, although I feel sorry for his situation, this time is for her majesty and him turning up will overshadow the celebrations.” And username MaximumOverDrive wrote: “I don't see why he can't meet his extended family. However, he should do it after the Jubilee.”