Boxing stalwart Ricky Hatton has weighed in on the discussion surrounding Tyson Fury’s future, and hinted that the Gypsy King could well still fight Anthony Joshua. Fury secured victory in what was announced as his last fight as a professional boxer on Saturday as he defeated Dillian Whyte.  The WBC heavyweight champion of the world successfully defended his title against his fellow Brit in front of 94,000 fans at Wembley Stadium thanks to a sixth-round knockout. Prior to the fight, Fury had revealed that his clash with Whyte would be his last as a professional in the ring. nd, soon after the bout, 33-year-old reiterated his retirement plans, revealing  that he is looking forward to some family time with wife Paris and his kids. He said: “I've said what I've said, I'm happy with my decisions, I'm going to go home with my wife and my kids, I've been away for a long time, I've fulfilled everything I ever wanted to fulfil. “I'm going to retire as only the second heavyweight in history to retire undefeated after Rocky Marciano. Two-time Ring Magazine heavyweight champion of the world, there's never been a Ring Magazine holder in my era, there hasn't been a lineal in my era either.” JUST IN: Dillian Whyte's 'illegal' excuse rubbished as Frank Warren discusses Tyson Fury rematch  Fellow Mancunian Hatton, though, believes Fury will not be hanging up his gloves just yet, joking that he ‘doesn’t believe a word that comes out of his mouth’. He told BBC Breakfast: “It is very, very hard to believe a single word that comes out of his [Fury’s mouth]. “I say that with love. Tyson you know, I think what he has done in the ring and out the ring as we discussed mental health and the problems Tyson had, I think he has done himself proud.” Despite all of the Gyspy King’s success Hatton believes the pull of taking on both Joshua and Oleksandr Usyk will prove too tempting for the heavyweight champ. DON'T MISS: Dillian Whyte wants Tyson Fury rematch after ‘banging head from illegal push’ He added: “He has nothing more to prove. I got this opportunity on July 2 to put this exhibition bout on, and you have got to keep setting yourself goals… There is Anthony Joshua, Oleksandr Usyk. Tyson has proved he is number one but them two, everyone is saying ‘who would win out of the three of them’ and I don’t think Tyson will want to retire until he ticks both of them boxes.” As Hatton mentioned, he will make a return to the ring later this year for an exhibition fight with Marco Antonio Barrera, an avenue Fury admitted he could follow against UFC legend Francis Ngannou. With Ngannou ringside, the Gypsy King revealed last Saturday: “I will not rule out exhibitions for sure, Big Francis Ngannou was here today, he's on my hit list in an exhibition fight, either in a cage, in a boxing ring, boxing gloves, UFC gloves, we can make it happen." 