Vladimir Putin stepped up his assaults on eastern and southern Ukraine, Kyiv said today, April 28, and threatened "lightning-fast" retaliation against any Western countries that intervene on Ukraine's behalf. More than two months into an invasion that has flattened cities but failed to capture the capital, Moscow has mounted a push to seize two eastern provinces in a battle the West views as a decisive turning point in the war. Although Russian forces were pushed out of northern Ukraine last month, they are heavily entrenched in the east and also still hold a swathe of the south that they seized in March. Ukraine said there were strong explosions overnight in the southern city of Kherson, the only regional capital Russia has captured since the invasion. Russian troops there used tear gas and stun grenades on Wednesday, April 27, to suppress pro-Ukrainian demonstrations, and were now shelling the entire surrounding region and attacking towards Mykolaiv and Kryvyi Rih, President Vladimir Zelenskiy's southern home city, Ukraine said. Kyiv accuses Moscow of planning to stage a fake independence referendum in the occupied south. Russian state media quoted an official from a self-styled pro-Russian "military-civilian commission" in Kherson as on Thursday, April 28, saying the area would start using Russia's rouble currency from May 1. Western countries have ramped up weapons deliveries to Ukraine in recent days as the fighting in the east has intensified. More than 40 countries met this week at a US air base in Germany and pledged to send heavy arms such as artillery for what is expected to be a vast battle of opposing armies along a heavily fortified front line.   Washington now says it hopes Ukrainian forces can not only repel Russia's assault on the east, but weaken its military so that it can no longer threaten neighbours. Russia says that amounts to NATO waging "proxy war" against it. "If someone intends to intervene in the ongoing events from the outside, and create strategic threats for Russia that are unacceptable to us, they should know that our retaliatory strikes will be lightning-fast," Putin told MPs in St Petersburg. "We have all the tools for this, things no one else can boast of having now. And we will not boast, we will use them if necessary. And I want everyone to know that." Russia’s foreign minister, Sergey Lavrov, warned on Monday, April 25, of a nuclear world war should third countries intervene in the conflict. He said: “I would not want to elevate those risks artificially. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin urged to bomb 'totally boorish Britain'  "Many would like that. The danger is serious, real. And we must not underestimate it." Last week, retired US general Ben Hodges acknowledged the US and Canada could get involved. He told CBC News: “I think the bigger problem for us, or the bigger challenge — that’s the collective ‘us,’ this includes Canada — is we have to decide that we’re going to win." In the UK, Minister for the Armed Forces James Heappey defended Britain's involvement in the war via the supply of arms to Ukraine. He told the BBC: “Firstly, it’s Ukrainians that take the targeting decision, not the people who manufacture or export the kit in the first place. “And secondly, it is entirely legitimate to go after targets in the depth of your opponents to disrupt their logistics and supply lines." US defence secretary Lloyd Austin also talked of "spill-overs" of the war as he justified his administration's decision to provide military supplies to Kyiv. DON'T MISS:Putin humiliated after ‘overestimating’ Chechen army [INSIGHT]Russia threatens to bomb Britons in 'immediate' attack [ANALYSIS]Katya Adler pinpoints why Europe is on brink of oil ban [VIDEO] He said: “We don’t want to see any spill-over and, again, it’s important to make sure that we do everything that we can to ensure that Ukraine is successful. "And that’s the best way to address that (risk of spill-over)." Speaking to Politico for an article titled "In case you missed it, the war in Ukraine just got hotter", British military historian Hew Strachan noted both the US and the UK have ramped up their response to the war making pledges they would not concede just six weeks ago. He said: “Individual [NATO] members — Britain principal among them — have proved ready to take risks which they rejected six weeks ago. "Moreover, they are doing so quite openly, discarding the plausible deniability which characterised their earlier efforts to help Ukraine.” While Russia presses its military assault in eastern and southern Ukraine, its economic battle with the West threatens gas supplies to Europe and is battering the Russian economy. On Wednesday, April 27, Moscow halted gas deliveries to Poland and Bulgaria for refusing to pay for supplies in roubles, its first big retaliatory strike against sanctions. The president of the European Commission called the move "blackmail".