To call it the Wild West would be hyperbolic, but the market for dietary supplements is not as tightly regulated as the drugs market. This leaves consumers more vulnerable to being mis-sold products. It's important to note that most dietary supplements are safe but some can present health risks, especially when taken in high doses. Dietary supplement encompasses everything from vitamins and minerals to botanicals and biosimilar products (such as so-called "natural male hormone"). For the most part, though, people use "supplement" to mean an individual vitamin or mineral preparation or a multivitamin. The evidence of the benefits of taking dietary supplements is mixed at best. However, the evidence linking dietary supplements to health problems is stacking up. READ MORE: Supplements: Expert warning over supplement that could ‘increase risk of heart disease’ Harvard Health provides an overview of studies linking high doses of vitamin supplements to a number of health problems. The health body prefaces its assessment by saying: "Most supplements are safe to take, but there are exceptions." It says: It's important to note that supplements can play an important role for some high-risk groups. DON'T MISSHow to live longer: The timing of your evening meal matters [ADVICE]Diabetes warning: Three fruits you can 'overdo' [TIPS]Dementia symptoms: Early warning signs to spot [INSIGHT] "For instance, adults diagnosed with osteoporosis may require extra vitamin D and calcium beyond what they get from their regular diet," explains Harvard Health. The health body adds: "Supplements also can help people with Crohn's disease or celiac disease, conditions that make it difficult to absorb certain nutrients. People with vitamin B12 deficiency almost always need a supplement." The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recently published safety guidelines for dietary supplements. It advises against the following: According to the NHS, most people do not need to take vitamin supplements and can get all the vitamins and minerals they need by eating a healthy, balanced diet. "Many people choose to take supplements but taking too much or taking them for too long could be harmful," warns the health body. A balanced diet means eating a wide variety of foods in the right proportions, and consuming the right amount of food and drink to achieve and maintain a healthy body weight. The Eatwell Guide shows that to have a healthy, balanced diet, people should try to: "If you're having foods and drinks that are high in fat, salt and sugar, have these less often and in small amounts," says the NHS. According to the health body, you should try to choose a variety of different foods from the five main food groups to get a wide range of nutrients. "Most people in the UK eat and drink too many calories, too much saturated fat, sugar and salt, and not enough fruit, vegetables, oily fish or fibre." The Eatwell Guide does not apply to children under the age of two because they have different nutritional needs.