After years of requests from Jaffa Cake fans, McVitie's is giving some lucky chocoholics the chance to sample a white chocolate version. Jaffa Cake fanatics can get their hands on this new treat from today. Featuring the classic orange flavoured centre and light spongy layer of the original, the new limited edition cakes sees the Jaffa Cakes' iconic dark chocolate replaced with a silky white chocolate coating. However, not everyone will be able to sample the new chocolate treat. Only 40 packets are available and people will have to enter a competition to be in with a chance of winning one. READ MORE: David Domoney shares ‘key’ to growing ‘spectacular’ wisteria The competition will run from 11am on Thursday, April 28 until Monday May 2. Participants can enter through the official Jaffa Cakes Instagram - @jaffacakesofficial. All entrants have to do is like the competition post and tag the person they’d most like to share a pack of McVitie’s White Chocolate Jaffa Cakes with. Already, the post has amassed more than 3,000 likes in mere hours. Alice Jamieson, Brand Manager at McVitie’s Jaffa Cakes announced: “The Jaffanatics spoke, and we listened. "We couldn’t be more excited to launch this competition and offer 40 lucky Jaffanatics the chance to see their Jaffa dreams come true and be the first to try our limited-edition White Chocolate Jaffa Cakes.” The competition has taken social media by storm, with Jaffanatics keen to get their hands on the rare treat. Thousands have entered thus far. Many have taken to social media to express their desire for the new product. @amysfoodkitcken stated: "I need these in my life!!!" @laurenmx39 said: "The dream." @x_lduncan added: "So intrigued." @shilohlouisevincent commented: "WE NEED THESE!!!!" Instagram user @shsk3yjak3y simply stated: "Need." But as only 40 entrants will get to sample the limited edition Jaffa Cakes, many will have to satisfy their chocolate cravings with the original dark chocolate cake. Existing flavours include Original Orange and Cheeky Cherry. Lemon & Lime flavoured Jaffa Cakes were also recently relaunched.