Following Boris Johnson’s apology in the Commons over Covid rules breach, BBC’s Vicki Young said “by referring PM to the Privileges Committee, Labour are trying to embarrass Tory MPs”. The tactic can be “used against [the PM] in later stage”, claimed Ms Young.   Speaking with Ms Young and referring to Partygate latest updates, BBC presenter Adam Fleming said: “What are the tactics? “Because actually, we have spent a lot of time speculating and thinking about what the opposition party is going to do to try hold Boris Johnson." Following Mr Fleming’s claims, Ms Young replied: “Actually there’s been some progress [for Labour opposition] because the Speaker has said that they are allowed to have this motion on Thursday. "[The motion] would involve a vote as to whether Boris Johnson should be referred to the Privileges Committee”.  “[This will allow Labour] to look into whether he did in fact deliberately misled the Parliament”, explained Ms Young. She also added: “That means there would be a vote, and of course if there are any Tory MPs like Mark Harper today speaking out, then that is going to be enough”. Ms Young also said: “Now the question is ‘How many Tory MPs might decide that they can be available on Thursday because they will be very busy on the constituencies and will not be able to support the PM on this”. Referring to Labour’s move to refer PM Boris Johnson to the Privileges Committee to conduct further investigations on whether the Prime Minister has misled the Parliament, she openly claimed: “I think what mainly Labour want to do is to embarrass Tory MPs and get them to back publicly the PM”. READ MORE: 'Stupid, stupid' Remainers erupt at airport queues She explained: “If [Labour] do so they can obviously use it against in the later stage”. In response to Ms Young’s claims, the BBC presenter added: “Politically it is looking a bit win-win for Labour, although it is lose-lose”. He continued: “You either get the vote and then start this process of Boris Johnson being potentially sanctioned in some way or you get loads of Conservative MPs to kind of pin their colours to his mast”. “You can target individuals and say ‘look what this person did”, he openly said. DON'T MISS: PM apologises for Partygate as Labour leader launches attack [WATCH]Easyjet 11-hour nightmare flight lands back in Bristol [LISTEN]Priti Patel shuts down Labour heckling as she defends Rwanda plan [INSIGHT]   Referring to Conservative MP Mark Harper’s position in reference to PM Boris Johnson’s accusations for having misled the Parliament on breach of covid rules, BBC’s Adam Fleming suggested: “Mark Harper has become the leading critic of the lockdown measures and he has been edging off the fence for the last few weeks about Boris Johnson”. Speaking in the Commons, for instance, Tory MP Mark Harper did not show support to PM Boris Johnson and expressed no confidence in the Prime Minister. “I regret to say that we have a Prime Minister who broke the laws that he told the country they had to follow, has not been straightforward about it and is now going to ask the decent men and women on these benches to defend what I think is indefensible”, Mr Harper said in the Commons. He also added: “I am very sorry to have to say this, but I no longer think [PM Boris Johnson] is worthy of the great office that he holds”. 