Queen guitarist Brian May has taken to Instagram to apologise for his recent silence on the platform, explaining that he "hasn't had the will '' to post due to the "horrors being perpetrated in the world". The musical icon, 74, was inundated with support from his fans following his candid post where he said he'd start to get his "Instagram legs working again" following the release of his new music. In view of his three million followers, the star issued a heartfelt apology for his recent silence. Brian wrote: "Hi Folks. "Sorry for my silence in these parts. "I just haven’t had the will," he explained. READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham and wife issue plea for Ukraine after £3m nuptials The rockstar went on: "I somehow haven’t felt that anything I had to offer was important enough to post, viewed beside the horrors being perpetrated in the world." However, he added he wanted to start being more present on the platform again as a teaser track due to be released this evening. Brian continued: "But my prime job is bringing music into the world, so, as we move towards issuing “ANOTHER WORLD” into the 21st century, I’m gonna try to get my IG legs working again. "Tonight we’re releasing the first ‘teaser’ track from 'ANOTHER CD' - my new collection of rarities that accompanies the original solo record in the 2-CD set. "Of course those of you who know me already know that I originally made this Buddy Holly cover as my alter-ego - T. E. Conway - but I guess I’m now ready to own up to he and I being more or less the same person inside. "He was just a little more assured than I in performance," he confessed. The star went on to share details about the new release with his followers before thanking them for their kind messages. "So, dear members of the BRI-ARMY, I’ll be humbly calling for your support - and hoping you will enjoy this new release. DON'T MISS... Simon Cowell, 62, unrecognisable at Kids Choice Awards[UPDATE]Amanda Owen shares sad news at Ravenseat as lamb dies [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams 'deluded self-obsessed' Johnny Depp and Amber Heard [UPDATE] "Thanks for being there!!! With love - BRI," the Queen legend signed off.Following Brian's post, the musician's fans rushed to the comments to address his absence from the platform.Instagram user Stereo.italia commented: "Been feeling just about the same — hope you’re doing alright. The Bri Army is ready & waiting for tonight’s release."Rubylunablu added: "These days we need to cling to the beautiful, healthy and joyful things in life. "And your wonderful music is certainly one of those, Bri ... you can count on your Bri Army to help you in your mission!" Brian's post comes nearly three weeks after he shared his heartache over the death of Foo Fighters drummer, Taylor Hawkins. Addressing the news on Instagram at the end of March, Brian told of his devastation over the tragic news. He wrote: "No. It cannot be. Heartbroken. Taylor, you were family to us. Our friend, our brother, our beloved child. Bless you. We will miss you so bad. Bri."