Real Madrid are worried about the costs when it comes to potentially signing Erling Haaland, according to reports. The Borussia Dortmund striker is ready to leave the Westfalenstadion behind at the end of the campaign, and reportedly has an 'agreement' with Madrid. But while Manchester City are also in the mix for the forward’s signature, a move to the Etihad Stadium isn’t straightforward either. Real Madrid want to sign Haaland from Dortmund, despite Paris Saint-Germain striker Kylian Mbappe being their main priority. But Sport say Los Blancos are worried about the costs of any potential deal due to the demands of his agent, Mino Raiola. Both Real and Manchester City are willing to pay the player’s release clause, which is believed to be in the region of £66million. Yet Raiola wants commission on top of that, while the striker’s father Alf Inge is also wanting a fee. According to the report, Raiola wants a premium of £34m for his involvement in brokering any potential transfer. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Haaland Sr would demand a fee close to £23m, meaning Real would face paying an overall total of nearly £120m to make a deal happen. The La Liga giants consider that to be far too pricey and they’ll either attempt the Norway international’s camp to lower their demands or drop out of the race entirely. City will have a similar issue, even if Real dropping their interest would put them in pole position to seal a deal. Haaland’s preference is to play in Spain at the current moment in time, having previously talked up Spanish football. Yet he’s not ruled out playing in the Premier League first amid interest from City, while Chelsea have also been linked. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Real’s priority, in any case, is to sign Mbappe from PSG. But that deal is currently hanging in the balance after the France international suggested he could stay at the Parc des Princes. Widespread reports have claimed Mbappe’s future may now lie at PSG after Emmanuel Macron got involved to try and keep him in the country. And what happens there remains to be seen. It is noted that some sources have suggested Haaland has an agreement with Madrid, which would hurt City’s chances of landing the 21-year-old. But it seems City remain in the picture for a transfer, especially given Pep Guardiola’s need for a new centre-forward. Real Madrid legend Guti recently had his say on Haaland, meanwhile, expressing a belief he could play alongside both Mbappe and Karim Benzema at the Bernabeu. “Mbappe inspires enthusiasm among all of us, not just at Real Madrid,” he said. “It's very important for LaLiga that he comes. “And if Haaland can come, all the better. If they don't sign Haaland now, they will never sign him. “Because then he'll go to another big club and it will be difficult to sign him.” He then added: “Benzema is great but look at the age he is. “Hopefully he can hold out longer, but he's his age and if you can spare him in games and use Haaland instead, all the better.”