French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen has vowed to hold referendums on European Union membership, on reinstating the death penalty and on immigration criteria. Her promised style of governance has raised eyebrows among opposition parties, including incumbent Emmanuel Macron’s La République en Marche party. To the party’s spokesperson Gabriel Attal, Marine Le Pen is threading a thin line between the more far-right base of her party and the more moderate flank of her electorate. But that posture shouldn’t deceive anyone, he says. Mr Attal told French broadcaster LCI: “We can see that on a certain number of subjects, Marine Le Pen is bound by both this classic far-right position - probably the executives who surround her in her party. “And at the same time, she has the will, as has been said a lot, to de-demonise herself and therefore, to move forward in a hidden way.” “It's true on the death penalty, it's true on leaving the European Union. So, on all these subjects, she no longer says: 'I want to go'. She says: 'I want to allow the French to go there by referendum.” On multiple occasions, Ms Le Pen was criticised for not overtly sharing her views on controversial issues such as the death penalty, the EU and immigration. Though she explicitly presented herself as anti-immigration, anti-death penalty and anti-EU in her two previous presidential bids, she’s now concealing her intentions behind referendums. Experts say that her softening up her image is part of a carefully crafted operation to attract more voters, known as the de-demonisation of the National Rally. Ms Le Pen has actively tried to distance her party and herself from her father’s reputation and controversial stances. Jean-Marie Le Pen, the former leader of the National Rally, then known as the National Front, was accused and convicted of xenophobia and anti-Semitism. In 2006, France’s highest court convicted him of inciting racial hatred for telling a newspaper that Muslims would one day run France and for trying to sow fear among Muslim communities. To dissociate herself from that image, she has made herself more likeable in this campaign and has run on what seems a more centrist platform. But to many observers, the party hasn’t changed ideologically. READ MORE: 'Shouldn't you resign too?' Sturgeon slammed for telling Boris to step down over partygate “On the subject of the death penalty, is she (Le Pen) moving forward in disguise?” asked TV presenter Martichoux, noting Ms Le Pen said she is opposed to the death penalty. Mr Attal answered: “It's a position that has evolved. I think there are people around her who would probably be responsible if she were elected president.” “There are people around her in her party because it's a classic, traditional position of her far-right party, that pushes for this.” DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: 'Free from EU strait-jacket' Le Pen hails UK in £4bn Frexit ultimatum to bloc [LIVE]Spain outraged as massive US nuclear-powered submarine arrives in Gibraltar [REPORT]This awful war is brutally exposing political lie at the heart of the EU - JONATHAN SAXTY [REPORT] “And I imagine that it's a form of compromise that she has found with them, (that is) to tell the French that she will propose to the French to do it by referendum.” That strategy bears fruit as Ms Le Pen has steadily risen in the polls and is now running neck-and-neck with President Macron who is polling at 53 percent against 47 percent for her. The six-point gap between the two candidates is much narrower than in 2017 when President Macron won with a 33 percent lead over Ms Le Pen.