Phil Mitchell (played by Steve McFadden) is currently awaiting trial for conspiracy to murder after refusing to become a police informant in EastEnders. However, after summoning Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf) back to Walford, will she be able to get Phil realised without him having to turn his back on his family values? In Wednesday’s instalment of the BBC soap, Sam feared the worst when a business deal Phil had put her in charge of backfired. As she drowned her sorrows with Billy Mitchell (Perry Fenwick), Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) and Denise Fox (Diane Parish) arrived with Sam’s son Ricky Mitchell (Frankie Day). Jack was visibly furious to see the mother of his child and Denise took Sam to one side to issue her with a warning. She said: “I really don’t know what game you’re playing but can you just stay away from Ricky? “I’m just asking for his sake as his stepmother well as the only mother he’s known for the past couple of years.” Read more: EastEnders theory: Double exit for Stacey and Jean in treatment plot Sam replied: “Well I’m leaving tonight but thank you for the warm welcome. “He’s doing good, thanks,” she added as she looked over at Ricky. Noticing Denise’s bemused expression, Sam said: “What? You don’t think I want the best for my son? “Why do you think I left him here in the first place no, you wouldn’t understand.” “Yes, I would. I do I know it must have been hard for you not seeing him,” Denise hit back. “Jack adores him he’d do anything for him.” Denise’s final comment appeared to give Sam an idea which she later explained to Jack. Misunderstanding her reason for stopping by, Jack said: “I’m glad you came to say goodbye confusing enough for me as it is without you disappearing off again.” “Actually I’m not here for goodbyes it’s you I came to see,” Sam replied. “I need your help Jack with a business problem. “Something has not quite gone to plan and I was thinking there was no hope and then I remembered you and your detective badge and I realised you can make my problem go away.” DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Sam Mitchell frames Kat Slater for murder [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Lily Slater runs away after heartbreaking diagnosis [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Peter Beale to sabotage Kathy and Rocky  [SPOILER] “No chance,” Jack quipped and the Mitchell sister hit back: “Oh right well you better go and pack Ricky’s case. “You don’t help me why should I let you carry on playing happy families with my son?” “He’s my son,” Jack exclaimed and Sam swiped: “Save that for court.” “You walked out on him,” he vented but she remarked: “Yeah so you say. I say I had postpartum depression, I felt suicidal.” Jack questioned: “Do you really think you can blackmail me?” “Either you help me or you can say adios to your son it’s your choice,” Sam cruelly jibed. It’s not yet clear what Sam’s plan for Jack is but it could involve freeing Phil from prison. Mitchell associate Jonah demanded protection money to keep quiet after realising Phil was no longer in control of his business. However, if Phil returns to Walford and is in charge once again of his affairs, the hard man’s enemies would back off. Will Jack be forced into hiding a key piece of evidence against Phil or find some other to get him released to keep his son safe from his manipulative mother? EastEnders airs on BBC One Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.