Manchester United have paid their respects towards Cristiano Ronaldo and his partner after the Portuguese forward heartbreakingly announced his newborn baby son had passed away on Monday afternoon. Ronaldo, 37, announced that he and his girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez were expecting a set of twins on social media back in October, with the following confirmation that a boy and a girl would be born. However, there was tragic news on Easter Monday as Ronaldo announced that his baby son had passed away. Tributes flooded in for the United star, with footballers such as David De Gea, Alvaro Morata and Alex Telles, his former club Sporting Lisbon and Jamaican sprinters Usain Bolt and Yohan Blake leading the way with touching statements. And United's official social media accounts sent him their best wishes with a moving message on Ronaldo's Instagram post. "Your pain is our pain, Cristiano," a comment from United read. "Sending love and strength to you and the family at this time." Ronaldo released a statement at 7pm on Monday on his social media accounts to confirm the heartbreaking news. "It is with our deepest sadness that we have to announce that our baby boy has passed away," he said. "It is the greatest pain that any parents can feel. Only the birth of our baby girl gives us the strength to live this moment with some hope and happiness. "We would like to thank the doctors and nurses for all their expert care and support. We are all devastated at this loss and we kindly ask for privacy at this very difficult time. Our baby boy, you are our angel. We will always love you." Ronaldo has five children, including twins Eva and Mateo and Cristiano Jr, who plays in United's academy. He shares a daughter Alana with his current girlfriend Rodriguez, who he met in 2016. Ronaldo saw her whilst she worked as a retail assistant in Madrid, where he plied his trade for Real Madrid at the time. The couple have been together since, and Ronaldo previously admitted he wants seven children.