Tyson Fury's co-promoter has vowed to cut all ties with alleged crime boss Daniel Kinahan after the US government a $5 million bounty on the Irishman. Kinahan, who has previously been named by the High Court of Ireland as a senior figure in organised crime on a global scale, has long been associated with Fury and his team, and was a key figure in the initial negotiations for the Fury v Anthony Joshua bout that began in 2020. That clash never went ahead after Deontay Wilder intervened, ultimately winning a court ruling that ordered Fury was duty bound to fight him next. Prior to that development though, 'The Gypsy King' had publicly thanked Kinahan for helping to broker the agreement, saying: "Big shout-out Dan, he got this done, literally over the line, two-fight deal, Tyson Fury versus Anthony Joshua next year." This was depsite Kinahan claiming he had cut all ties with his company, MTK Global, in 2017. In the past, as well as Fury, he's acted as an advisor for Billy Joe Saunders. He was also photographed with the WBC champion recently in Dubai. Now though, Irish police commissioner Drew Harris said anyone in boxing who deals with Kinahan are involving themselves with serious criminals: “What was implicit before, and what some individuals could choose to ignore, is absolutely explicit — if you deal with the individuals who are sanctioned as part of the Kinahan organised crime gang, you are dealing with criminals engaged in drug trafficking,” he said via The Guardian. JUST IN: Daniel Kinahan named part of gang accused of 'heinous crimes' as US offer £4m for details “And, indeed, as we have seen here very tragically in Ireland and also in Spain, murderous feuds [and people] who will resort to vicious actions up to and including murder.” And now Bob Arum, who promotes Fury alongside Frank Warren, has pledged to end all relations with Kinahan and his companies. American sport reporter Lance Pugmire quoted him as saying: "We won’t have anything to do with Probellum and we’re looking to cut whatever ties we have with MTK." BT Sport, Sky, the BBC and TalkSport, all of whom have covered Fury’s fights and other boxers associated with MTK, have also been warned by police. DON'T MISS:Anthony Joshua vs Oleksandr Usyk 'delayed as promoters restart talks over new date'Anthony Joshua to be denied 'big advantage' by Oleksandr Usyk as UK fight looking unlikelyAmir Khan ‘could have comeback fight’ before Kell Brook rematch The saga has overshadowed the build-up to Fury's next fight, his title defence against Dillian Whyte on April 23. On Tuesday, the Manchester man was accused of treating his opponent and fans "like s**t" by his brother, Dean Whyte. 'The Body Snatcher' is seemingly livid over what he considers an inadequate spilt purse. As a result, he refused to attend the press conference to promote the fight on March 1.