Families in Robin Hood's Bay, a fishing village in North Yorkshire, say property prices are "ridiculous" and believe tourism is largely to blame. They claim young people are being outpriced in the housing market, with some stating around 70% of houses in the village belong to wealthy second home owners. One woman, who has lived in Robin Hood's Bay since the 1960s, said: "It's heartbreaking. I love it otherwise I wouldn't live here but there's been a big change in the last two years. "If you're not fast enough you can't buy a house and if you're a young couple you won't earn enough money. How are you going to be able get a mortgage for a £350,000 little three-bedroom house?" "It's wrong to say because we're all tourists wherever you go so you've got to be accommodating. "You'll see how the tourists are parked across everyone's drive and the ambulances can't come round. There's two sides to it. "But tourism is the train you can't stop. It's beautiful and it's lovely here and we're not knocking tourism because a lot of people depends on it but not everyone does. And that's what's sad." She told Yorkshire Live that she believed now in total the houses were a 70 to 30 split between holiday homes and villagers.  Katie Wallis, 26, said finding a home for her and her partner has been "an absolute nightmare" in the village. But she runs several businesses that benefit from the tourism industry. "Everything's just gone rocket high," Katie added. "For people like me and my boyfriend trying to get our first property is ridiculous. "Even renting is hard; a flat in Whitby (a nearby town) will cost you £600 a month. "It's hard for me because I want them (tourists) to come here but at the same time I do want to live here. I think there's enough holiday cottages and I don't think you can have more people. "The problem is there's so few locals now there's hardly enough people to help run the shops and restaurants. I think it's just at its capacity - there's too many tourists to locals ratio. Which is good but tiring as well."  One bungalow in the village recently sold for £420,000. The rising house prices are feared to be "pushing people out" of pretty Robin Hood's Bay, which is around 15 miles north of Scarborough. Becca Oliver, who bought her detached three-bedroom house in the village for £225,000 eight years ago, said: "I think housing's quite a contentious issue in the village, isn't it?" "In the last few years I can't see how local families can afford properties around here because the prices are so high and people from London or wherever can afford it but local people can't. It's pushing people out and it's worrying in terms of the school and things like that. Are we going to lose those sort of things? "It's finding that balance. I'm not slating holiday makers because we need them and we love having them but it's about finding that balance for both. We have a great community with lovely people and we don't want to lost that." Phil Hammill, who runs a gift store with his partner Jessica Hogarth, lives in Whitby and travels to work as he has seen a "noticeable" change to property ownership in the community. He continued: "There's been a big shift of holiday homes being bought. A lot of places aren't even going online or to estate agents and people aren't even seeing them. "You want people to come and visit but you still want life in the village. It's a fine line but if you can maintain that then that's key." Calls last year to ban second home ownership in the UK sparked fury, with many pundits arguing people want to create spaces for themselves rather than opting for a hotel stay on holidays. Speaking on The Jeremy Vine Show, broadcaster Mike Parry said: "I don't really want to go to a hotel because I want to feel I am in my own space. "That I have worked all my life to earn and to pay for."  