Fans of James Martin, 49, will have noticed the chef’s weight loss and changed appearance in recent years. After shedding the pounds, James has managed to maintain his weight by focusing on his diet and doing more exercise. However, he did not have to avoid some of his favourite foods to reach his goal. After losing weight a few years ago, James continues to keep fit and healthy by eating smaller portions and taking his dog for a walk in the fields that surround his house. The chef has cut some fatty foods from his diet in the past, but he has never felt the need to avoid some of his favourite foods – such as butter. Following the release of his new book, Butter: Comforting, Delicious, Versatile – Over 130 Recipes Celebrating Butter, James has praised the condiment. Although some might think butter shouldn’t be consumed on a diet, James disagreed. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's 'likely' diet to 'aid in weight loss & reduce belly fat' after Sienna “It’s not the butter consumption,” the chef told The Herald in November 2021. “It’s the ready-made food, it’s the packet food, the hidden salt, hidden fat – that’s the problem in this country. “It’s not the butter in a butter block, or butter you put on your toast. “It’s the fact that not as many people cook in the UK as they do in France or Italy or Spain.” DON'T MISS: Chocolate cravings: Tea and melon can stop sweet cravings [TIPS] Woman who ‘dreamt of having flat stomach’ transforms body [WEIGHT LOSS] 'Huge fan of eggs': Michael Mosley's high-protein keto breakfast [BURN FAT] James explained that many would be healthier if they cooked instead of consuming microwave meals. He said: “To say that good food is elitist is just tosh. Good food is simply cooked food – it's not rocket science. “You don't have to be a Gordon Ramsay to cook yourself a healthy meal. What could be simpler than pan-frying a little bit of salmon and serving it with some great new potatoes and seasonal veg? “A good healthy diet is a combination of fruit, vegetables, meat and fish, and with exercise you'll keep the weight off,” the chef added. But how did James lose weight in the first place? The chef kick started his weight loss journey in 2015 when he participated on Strictly Come Dancing. At the time, he revealed he had lost a stone in just a week. This was due to the programme’s rigorous training programme. When he left Strictly two months later, James had reportedly lost a huge five stone. More recently, in 2018, James shed a few pounds again after noticing he had put on a little weight. He started to notice the change in his appearance when he watched himself on TV, and he also received cruel comments about his weight online. These issues motivated him to lose weight again. Speaking to The Sun at the time, James said: “I looked on social media and every comment was about me being fat. “So, I lost a stone and a half.” When speaking to Mail Online, he added: “I just think it’s a lifestyle thing and also looking at yourself on TV. “Before you used to watch TV on a small one and now, they’re massive.”