GB News' Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster discussed the highly-debated issue about who should take the throne after the Queen, and the former suggested because Prince Charles has waited "for so long," it would be "a shame" if he didn't get a chance to reign. Isabel, on the other hand, argued Prince William would then potentially have to wait a long time and asked: "Are we only going to have ageing monarchs?" as a clash of opinions ensued. "Dear God, it would be a great shame, would it not if Charles has waited all this time," Eamonn began to argue. Isabel cut in: "Well I'm so glad you asked me, I've got opinions. "Pretty much all the other European monarchs have abdicated to their younger relatives. So, the Netherlands, I think in Spain as well, although perhaps not for good reasons in Spain. "And there is an argument that the Queen has had such a successful and peaceful and stable reign because she actually came in quite young and has seen it all the way through. READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show "You only have to look at president Biden to see what happens to somebody in their 70s in a senior position." She went on to add: "It's an argument, I'm not saying that's my view." "Prince Charles could be an adviser, a consort or something," Eamonn suggested. "Sure," Isabel agreed. "I think it's an interesting debate to be had. I don't think he'll ever do it."  Eamonn replied: "I think he has waited so long, he's in his 70s now, isn't he? "And you know I would think you'd want to have a taste of the job. But I have no doubt William will be very good." "He might have to wait as well," Isabel observed, adding: "Possibly be even older than Prince Charles before he gets a chance." She concluded: "And that's the problem with the whole system now, people live so long, are we only going to have ageing monarchs? DON'T MISS... GB News viewer Sue on how she’ll avoid NI hike 'Not getting a penny' [VIDEO]Former Apprentice candidate recalls Lord Sugar trait 'He disappears' [EXCLUSIVE]Loose Women row as Carol McGiffin dismisses Charlene class claims [VIDEO] "In which case, how do we keep the monarchy relevant, etcetera, etcetera." "Are you begrudging experience?" Eamonn challenged his co-star. "Do you think you can't be old and relevant?" "No, I'm not being ageist," Isabel responded. "I'm just posing the questions." She added: "It is interesting, we are all living longer. In days gone by, monarchs often got killed-" "I think one of the big disgraces of this society is that we don't value the old," Eamonn argued. Isabel hit back: "You can't accuse me of that," as the former This Morning star replied: "I didn't accuse you! I'm just saying I think, I think." He continued: "Not that I am old, but there are people who can treat you in that particular way." Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News.