The Last Kingdom is a Netflix hit and the Anglo-Saxon TV series has received critical acclaim since the final season aired. The show held its spot in the streaming platform's global top 10 with fans devoting millions of hours to tuning in. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about The Last Kingdom's future. The fifth season of The Last Kingdom arrived in March and it included plenty of dramatic twists. Many fan-favourite characters including Aethelflaed (played by Millie Brady) and Osferth (Ewan Mitchell) lost their lives. This is because their story arcs had come to a natural end, with this being the show's final season. Sadly, there will not be a sixth season of the show, and the cast and crew were fully aware of this from the outset. Uhtred actor Alexander Dreymon explained why season six would not be made. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom’s Aldhelm star shares hidden meaning in costume At MCM London Comic Con, he said: "When we started shooting the show there were ten books that Bernard Cornwell had written. "And we had structured the show in a way that season five was always going to be the last season. "However, for a good while now we’ve been in talks about maybe a little extension… because it felt like it couldn’t quite yet be the end." There may not be a season six of The Last Kingdom, but Uhtred of Bebbanburg's story will continue in a different way. The cast announced a feature-length Netflix film, titled Seven Kings Must Die, would bring Uhtred's story to an end. Executive producer Nigel Marchant gave some insight into how the film is connected to the series. He said: "It was felt that the movie version was the right format [end the story]. "Season five does feel like the end of the TV series, and the movie will be much more standalone. "It’ll be an extra treat for the fans of the TV series, but you could also watch it even if you’ve never seen the TV show." Filming for Seven Kings Must Die has now come to an end, with fans awaiting a release date at the time of writing. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom's Millie Brady says she 'blagged' Aethelflaed stunts [INTERVIEW] The Last Kingdom: Eliza Butterworth calls for spin-off [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom’s Alexander Dreymon risks derailing filming [DISCUSSION] Dreymon had been sharing teaser trailers ahead of the release of season five. The videos confirmed the latest outing would be "the final season". Marchant spoke in a separate interview with Variety about how wrapping the film marked the end of an era. He added: "It was the first time we didn’t have another show that we were putting into production in Hungary." Many of the characters have paid tribute to their co-stars as the series came to an end. Mark Rowley, who plays Finan in the series, took to Instagram on his last day on set. He said: "Six-plus years playing this Irish warrior has been an absolute joy. "Thanks TLK for the wonderful memories, the life long friendships and some of the most hilarious moments I have experienced so far in this journey called life." [Sic] Aelswith actress Eliza Butterworth thanked fans after Lad Bible named the series "one of the best in history".  The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now. Filming has finished on Seven Kings Must Die.