A flat, level lawn is easier to care for and will grow even healthier in the long run, but it can seem impossible to achieve without the help of a professional. While paying for costly landscaping services is one way to even out your garden grass, it is surprisingly easy to do yourself. These are the four key steps to take to resurface your lawn on a budget. Building and maintaining your garden is easy to do on a flat surface, but stubborn lumps and bumps of turf can make this seem far from reality when it comes to gardening. Whether you want to add decking or simply create a new seating area ahead of summer, resurfacing your turf is surprisingly easy to do yourself - and it costs next to nothing. Not only will your garden look better, but you can also improve the health of your lawn by encouraging better absorption of rainfall and nutrients, but where should you begin? READ MORE: Laundry: How to properly remove ‘yellow’ stains from pillows Evening out a bumpy lawn can be tackled all year round, but the best time to do it is in the spring. The soft spring ground makes smaller lumps even easier to flatten, and will make the turf easier to work with in general. Start with smaller bumps (less than one inch) and use your foot to press them firmly down. Fill any small animal holes with topsoil, compressing the earth with your foot to create a solid surface. Water these areas well to encourage fresh grass growth which will return over time to create a seamless finish. For more sizeable lumps of turf, you will need to enlist the help of a few tools to even out the surface. Start by mowing the entire lawn and raking it to uplift thatch and clumps of other organic matter. This is similar to scarifying your lawn, though it doesn't need to be done as deeply. DON'T MISS:Gardeners' World pro says water 'when a lot of the soil is exposed' [ANALYSIS]Lawn tips: ‘Most beneficial’ way to achieve a ‘thicker greener lawn’ [INSIGHT]‘Perfect time’ to eradicate moss from lawns - how to ‘kill it’ [REVEAL] Top dress larger bumps by using sand and garden soil, in a ratio of 40 percent sand to 60 percent soil. Fill the lumps which have been flattened out, using a hard bristled brush to work it into the soil. This method of top dressing is best done on mildly uneven areas which can be compensated with fresh earth to level out minor slopes and mounds. Water the area well to encourage fresh grass to grow in place of the clumpy turf. Once you have successfully filled small, moderate and even larger holes to create a flatter lawn, it’s time to sow some fresh grass seed. This is crucial to compensate for bare patches which may occur from scarifying, raking and digging out larger clumps of soil. Sprinkle the seed over the lawn, adding a more concentrated amount onto visible gaps or empty areas. Always do this on a mild spring day, making sure to water the surface well once the grass seed has been sown.