France goes to the polls on Sunday, with incumbent leader Emmanuel Macron and far-right rival Marine Le Pen deemed the most likely to make the second round of the presidential elections. At present Mr Macron has a solid lead over his main opponents with Reuters’ consensus poll projecting him to claim 26 percent of the first round vote, with Ms Le Pen on 22 percent.  Meanwhile, hard-left contender Jean-Luc Mélenchon climbed to third spot with 16 percent of the vote, and the other far-right candidate, Éric Zemmour, has slumped, in part due to his past links to Vladimir Putin. While Mr Zemmour has condemned Russia’s invasion, he had previously sympathised with the Kremlin’s position on Ukraine while opposing the expansion of NATO. He also told L’Opinion in 2018 that he “dreams of a French Putin”, praising the leader’s desire to re-claim Russia’s former glory. Just a few months ago some polls had him vying for second place, though the journalist is now consistently polling at just nine percent. In a time of global disorder, Elizabeth Carter, Assistant Professor of Political Science at the University of New Hampshire (UNH, argued that Mr Zemmour’s hard line approach on immigration, Islam and security would cause damage to “France’s domestic peace”. Read More: Over 300 dogs found starved to death in Ukrainian shelter  Speaking to Express.co.uk, Prof Carter said: “I think Zemmour would be the most hostile [to the immigrant population in France]. “Le Pen has shifted towards the centre. She’s mellowed. She and Macron have merged since the last election. “Some would argue this is why Zemmour ended up having space to enter. “If we talk about Jean-Marie Le Pen and the Front National, there wasn’t a whole lot of space to the right of him at that time, but with her shifting towards the centre she’s opened up this space. “Zemmour would be the most hostile to especially muslims in France. That would be throwing a match into the powder-keg. “I think personally that would be really damaging to French domestic peace and [create] hostility.” Before formally announcing his campaign in November, Mr Zemmour was one of France’s best known political commentators. He made his name publishing books in which he claimed France had been “colonised” by Muslims, whose religion he viewed as “incompatible” with his country’s values. Don't Miss:POLL: Would you pay more for energy bills to cut off ALL Russian gas?[OPINION]Macron condemned ahead of election: 'Don't give a s***'[INSIGHT]Macron 'trying to gain kudos' with new Zelensky style military uniform[ANALYSIS] When announcing his campaign, Mr Zemmour, who has two convictions for hate speech, said he wanted to send immigrants who “do not assimilate” back to their country of origin,  while wanting to ban people from giving their children “foreign” names such as Mohammed. In a nine-minute YouTube manifesto peppered with extremist far-right rhetoric, Mr Zemmour claimed he had joined the race “so that our daughters don’t have to wear headscarves and our sons don’t have to be submissive.” The acid-tongued commentator was seen as the best placed candidate to topple Mr Macron according to opinion polls last September and October, partly due to his media savvy personality. Prof Carter, who compared Mr Zemmour to Donald Trump, added: “He seems slicker, more savvy [than Ms Le Pen]. “You have these TV personalities selling people things. Zemmour knows how to work that.” Mr Zemmour’s momentum appears to have fizzled-out in recent months, and in March he tried to re-energise his voters at a mega rally in Paris. In a slickly produced gathering attended by tens of thousands of people, with big screens, music and testimonies, Mr Zemmour said: “We are the most determined in France. “We are the strongest on the internet. We are the most committed in political rallies. "Now we are rising, who can stop us?” He was subsequently criticised by Mr Macron after some of his supporters were heard chanting “Killer Macron” at the weekend rally. Mr Zemmour went on to receive widespread condemnation from politicians for appearing to let the chanting go on. However, he claimed not to have heard the chants because of noise levels at the rally and later added he did not endorse the chants in question.