British tennis star Emma Raducanu has been warned by former professional Barry Cowan that she can’t keep getting away with changing coaches without it affecting her long-term game. He believes the teenager’s decision to split with another coach in Torben Beltz is alarming so early in her career. Raducanu split with coach Beltz - who guided Angelique Kerber to two Grand Slam titles - after just five months to pursue a ‘new training model’. The move comes soon after Raducanu’s best results of the year, which perhaps makes it more surprising. The 19-year-old won her first professional clay match in the Billie Jean King Cup and then reached the last 16 of the Stuttgart Open, losing to world No 1 Iga Swiatek. Raducanu reportedly enjoyed ’strong chemistry’ with Beltz but has decided to make a change regardless - and Cowan is concerned about her chop-and-change mentality. “Anyone who is not involved in the sport would think that’s a bit strange, she’s looking for a new coach,” Cowan told Sky Sports. “Most importantly, whoever she hires next this really does need to be someone who is with her for a long period of time because you can’t keep changing coach. READ MORE: Raducanu 'idol' Halep ditched plan to go coach-less and won Wimbledon “You can maybe get away with it once or twice but you can’t keep changing coaches every four or five months and think long term that’s going to be a benefit.” Remarkably, Raducanu will now be looking for a fourth coach in less than a year. She left Nigel Sears after reaching the fourth round of Wimbledon and then decided not to renew Andrew Richardson’s contract after she spectacularly won the US Open. Cowan expressed concerns over her appraoach to coaching. He believes the Grand Slam winner needs consistency: “Jokingly it’s like she started to do better so maybe a new coach was required! DON'T MISSFederer confirms long-awaited injury comeback after retirement fearsRaducanu learns Madrid fate as Brit to face recent victim in boostWimbledon refute discrimination claims as Russia punishment considered “That’s kind of been the theme with Emma since Wimbledon. I think it’s a worry. I have consistently said that what I’ve felt Emma needs is someone in her corner consistently. She is not able to have that. “Moving forward it will be interesting to see who she works with. At this stage of any player’s career they are the most important years and the years when you need a consistent voice off the court and also on the court. Emma is not going to have that at the moment because she is looking for a new coach.” Raducanu will work with Iain Bates, the Lawn Tennis Association’s head of women's coaching, at the Madrid Open this week. She will face Tereza Martincova in her first match at the on Thursday April 28.