The bank has reviewed the interest given on various savings accounts. Some of its variable rate savings accounts have gone by up to 0.25 percent. The change will come into force on April 28, 2022, the bank has confirmed. While these rates are not directly linked to the Bank of England Base Rate, they are continually reviewed and take a number of factors into consideration. The Bank’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) met on March 16 and increased Bank Rate by 0.25 percentage points, to 0.75 percent. This promoted many banks to raise the interest rates on savings account, with HSBC giving their own enticing offer. READ MORE: TV licence: Are you eligible for a £159 refund? How to apply for money back  Britons who can afford a fixed rate are also receiving a boost. HSBC's Fixed Rate Saver is going up 0.20 percent from 0.25 percent to 0.45 percent on their one year fixed rate deal. For those with a two year fixed deal, their interest will also go 0.20 percent, from 0.30 percent to 0.50 percent. Savings Account Interest Rate ChangeYouth Accounts Cash ISAs Instant Access Fixed Rate Saver As well as raising interest rates, HSBC BANK has pulled out all the stops and is offering new customers £175 to switch last week. At the time it was announced, Martin Lewis, the money saving expert said it was “the highest switching incentive currently on offer”. As the cost of living crisis continues to bite at people’s budgets, the £175 cash boost may seem very appealing. The offer ends on April 29, so Britons have a week to secure the extra cash. Account benefits include a minimum arranged overdraft offer of £1,000 when opening the account. Customers are also encouraged to build their savings with a Regular Saver Account. In addition, they can enjoy money off Costa Coffee, ASOS and Not On The High Street. This latest incentive from HSBC beats its last offer of £110 in cash and a £30 Uber Eats voucher. To claim the reward, individuals will need to open an HSBC Advance Account and switch within 30 days. If customers also choose to link a HSBC Regular Saver account, they can save up to £3,000 at a 1.00 percent interest rate fixed for 12 months. People can save between £25 and £250 and if their regular payments are less than £250 a month, they can carry their allowance over, paying more in later months.