Prince Harry was briefly reunited with his father Prince Charles last week when he made a return to the UK. However, during an interview with NBC, the Duke of Sussex appeared to swerve a question about missing his family now he lives in America with his wife Meghan Markle and their two children. During Thursday's This Morning, Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby spoke with guests Vanessa Feltz and Nicola Thorp about the interview. Vanessa branded Harry's comments as a "slap in the face" while Phillip claimed the royal was just "making it worse" for himself. After playing a clip of the interview, Phillip said: "You don't get a bigger dodge of a question than that, do you?" "No," Vanessa simply replied. "And what would it have cost him to say, 'Yes, of course, or very much, or indeed I do or something for goodness sake because that's a slap in the face!'" READ MORE: Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’ She raged: "It has to be, how can it not be? Plus the highly controversial thing he said about 'I want to make sure the Queen is protected and surrounded by the right people.'" Phillip chipped in: "He talks to her about stuff no one talks to her about." "It was such a short visit," Vanessa interrupted as Phillip continued: "That well may be the case." "It could be the case," Nicola said. "I talk to my nan about things that we wouldn't talk to anyone else about." Defending the royal, she added: "I think it is under a lot of unfair scrutiny, possibly that he was already expecting this to happen and therefore dodged the question." Referring to Harry dodging the question again, Phillip hit back: "You're making it worse." The segment left viewers divided and while some stepped in to defend Harry, others agreed with Phillip. Carole pointed out: "I'm pretty certain that #Harry also said something like 'We've all missed families' Surely that's enough? If he'd spoken about them he'd be slated so I'm starting to he can't win either way. Damned if he does, damned if he doesn't." (sic) While Anthony fumed: "Prince Harry keeps stirring up his own controversy. Why the hell does he keep doing stupid interviews with Americans. He just keeps making things worse and it's deliberate." DON'T MISS...'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview [VIDEO]Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’  [INSIGHT]Where are John and Anne Darwin now? [CAST] Earlier this week, NBC TODAY host Hoda Kotb asked the royal: "Do you miss your brother or your dad?" Appearing to dodge the question, Prince Harry replied: "For me, at the moment, I'm here focussed on these guys and their families and giving everything that I can, 120 percent to them, to ensure they have the experience of a lifetime. "That's my focus here, and then when I leave here, I get back and my focus is my family, who I miss massively." Prince Harry also came under fire this week for his remark about "protecting" his grandmother. Describing the visit to see the Queen, which was not announced in advance, the Duke in the same interview: "Being with her, it was great. It was so nice to see her... she's in great form. "She's always got such a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure she's protected and got the right people around her." During Wednesday's This Morning, Phillip took aim at the royal again as he argued Harry knows he "can't make a throw-away line" of that nature. "Yeah, but even though he thinks he has backed away from that lifestyle and said how much it affected his mental health, he still knows how it works," Phillip told royal expert Camilla Tominey. "He still knows that you can't, as him, have a throw-away line like that! It will be analysed, it will be looked at and we don't know what the conversation was. "They may have been roaring their heads off laughing having a wonderful time saying 'lovely to see you, sorry we can't stay longer, good to see you granny', but a line like that is something that will be analysed." This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.