The Tesla Model Y and Model 3 were the two best selling cars in the UK in March, selling almost 13,000 models combined. Author Ken McLaughlin spoke to the GB News panel about the record electric car sales for Tesla’s. He said: “It’s rather surprising to me actually, but for the first time ever, Tesla’s are the first and second spot for new car sales. “It shows that at some level, we’re embracing the green strategy and electric cars.” However, Mr McLaughlin spoke of his personal experience with electric cars, telling of his wife’s misfortune. He continued, saying: “You should have had my wife on for this segment though. READ MORE: New car tax changes introduced today with drivers paying more in VED “She bought a new car six months ago and the electric battery broke after a few months. “I’m sure she would give you a different story than what the newspapers have given. “It does show that contrary to many people's beliefs, there is a drive and an embracement for the new technology.” He did not reveal what model the electric vehicle was. March was the best ever month for battery electric vehicles with 78.7 percent growth to 39,315 units. DON'T MISSEverything you need to negotiate best price on a car [INSIGHT]Electric car owner furious at faulty BP charger at Asda - 'trouble' [SHOCKING]'Extreme' petrol and diesel prices break records as drivers warned [WARNING] All electrified vehicles account for one in three registrations. Steve Tigar, CEO of loveelectric.cars, said the results were positive and called on the UK to keep it going. He said: “It’s fantastic news that in one month, 39,315 EVs went to new homes – more than all of 2019. “The 78.7 percent year-on-year increase in EV sales proves drivers really are embracing the government message to switch to electric. “And they’re enjoying cheaper running costs as a result. “Let’s keep the move to a low carbon future going. “The most cost-effective way is not for drivers to buy a new EV, but instead to lease a new EV using salary sacrifice.” Despite the popularity of electric vehicles, new car registrations declined 14.3 percent, representing the weakest March since 1998. Many experts have pointed to supply chain issues for the lack of new models, with some drivers being forced to wait months for their vehicles. John Wilmot, CEO of car leasing comparison website LeaseLoco, added: "Fueled by the high cost of diesel and petrol at the pumps, Tesla powered to the top of the best seller chart in March, filling the top two spots. "For the first time ever, the two best selling cars were electric last month. “As the electric car revolution gathers pace this is likely to become commonplace as more people have the confidence to switch. "The problem is going to be whether the Government can meet the challenge head-on by delivering on a charging infrastructure that is fit-for-purpose, and is able to handle a significant ramp up in demand."