Doctor Jennifer Robinson verified that citrus fruits "may play a role in preventing certain cancers", such as bowel cancer, prostate cancer, and breast cancer. Citing research conducted in Japan, participants who consumed citrus fruits three time per week were less likely to get cancer than those who consumed citrus fruits less than twice per week. Doctor Robinson cautioned that the research isn't "clear-cut", but it did show that "citrus might help fend off several types of cancer". The American Institute for Cancer Research noted that oranges, a type of citrus fruit, could provide antioxidant "and other forms of protection against cancer". Meanwhile, there is "strong" evidence that foods containing dietary fibre have a "probable" chance of decreasing colorectal cancer. Colorectal cancer Also known as bowel cancer, the NHS warned that a "large body of evidence" suggests that a diet high in red and processed meat could increase your risk of bowel cancer. Moreover, there's evidence that a diet high in fibre could help reduce your bowel cancer risk. READ MORE: Cancer – Women who have endometriosis may have 2.6 greater risk of an ovarian tumour Citrus fruits, for example, are a good source of fibre, adding to the theory that they could help to reduce cancer risk. Another medical expert, Doctor Dan Brennan confirmed that citrus fruits are "high in phytonutrients, including flavonoids". According to research, Doctor Brennan verified, flavonoids "may help prevent the development of certain types of cancer". By including fruits into your daily diet, you are on your way to having a healthy and varied diet. Cancer Research UK stated: "What we eat and drink can affect our health in lots of ways." By having a healthy and balanced diet, the charity assured that the risk of cancer can be reduced. "Your overall diet (what you eat day to day) is more important than individual foods for reducing your cancer risk," the charity added. By adhering to a healthy diet, you are more likely to maintain a healthy weight. This is important because obesity is associated with 13 different types of cancer. To have a healthy diet, you must have a lot of: Moreover, you must cut down or eliminate: Delving into the portions of a healthy dinner, half of the plate should be full of salad of vegetables. Then one quarter can be made up of either potatoes, brown rice, bread, or pasta, and the other quarter could be chicken, fish, beans, or eggs. Fruits, vegetables, and whole grains should be eaten every day, with people aiming for at least five portions of fruit and vegetables. If you do consume dairy, it's advisable to opt for low-sugar, and low-fat options. Portion sizes: