The women, now all in their 30s, met Greater Manchester Police Chief Constable Stephen Watson yesterday as he said sorry for force failings. As children, the three were repeatedly raped and sexually abused. The force, under previous chief constables, failed to protect them or investigate their abusers, it was said.  Yesterday's move should now "set a precedent" for dozens of other survivors whose lives were ruined by the Rochdale child sex abuse scandal, campaigners said. Mr Watson told the three women: "It is a matter of profound personal regret that your childhood was so cruelly impacted by the dreadful experiences you endured. Stephen below, Sara "GMP could and should have done much more to protect you and we let you down." One of the victims, known as Amber, said: "I feel like this is the first time I've really been seen and publicly recognised by authorities as an innocent child victim who needed protection. "As a victim I should never have been treated the way I was. So it is a relief, after all these years, that the police have finally recognised that." Daisy, whose name has also been changed to protect her anonymity, said: "I don't know if I believe that Greater Manchester Police have really changed their ways as they say they have. "But I'm happy that they've taken into account their failings and there's finally been some accountability." The third woman, known as "BXW", said: "The police were completely in the wrong for the way they treated us. I'm relieved that they've accepted that at last and that our legal case has come to an end." Last night, the social worker who first brought the scandal to the attention of the police nearly 20 years ago urged them to apologise to all the victims. Sara Rowbotham, who was a sexual health worker in the area at the time, told the Daily Express: "This is good news for the three girls involved, but what about all the others? "There are at least 180 other survivors of the Rochdale grooming gangs. They should also be apologised to and compensated. I hope this sets a precedent. "If the police had paid attention to what I was saying in 2003, all the victims would have been protected." The three women involved yesterday had been backed by lawyers from the Centre for Women's Justice charity. They brought a legal claim against GMP that said from the early 2000s there was growing evidence that gangs of men were grooming, trafficking and sexually abusing girls in Rochdale. Lawyers for the three - one was 14 and two were 12 at the time - successfully argued their human rights were breached by GMP failing to protect them by putting a stop to the abuse. A police operation to tackle the gangs was closed down in 2004. Eight years later, nine men were convicted for sexual exploitation of children in Rochdale. GMP settled the claim before the matter got to court.  LEGAL documents have revealed the horrific abuse suffered by the three women who won damages from Greater Manchester Police, writes Pat Hurst. One of the three, identified only as BXW, said the abuse began when she was just 12 and continued for four years. She revealed she was passed "like a ball" between "thousands" of men for rape and sexual abuse. She was impregnated by one man, Adil Khan, when she was 13 and had an abortion. Another woman, identified as Amber, was 14 when the abuse began, according to her legal claim. She was first raped while intoxicated and thereafter raped and sexually assaulted by numerous men. She was threatened with a gun and a knife on separate occasions when she refused to comply. Daisy was also only 12 when the abuse began. It continued for the next five years. The Rochdale grooming case was turned into a BBC drama, Three Girls, in 2017. It starred Molly Windsor, Ria Zmitrowicz, and Liv Hill as the victims. 