The UK came behind Norway and the Netherlands, in a report by Smart Transport member LeasePlan. LeasePlan’s EV Readiness Index, which is conducted annually, analysed 22 European countries. The analysis factors included EV registrations, the maturity of EV infrastructure, and Government incentives in each country. The report showed the UK as one of the few leading the charge when it comes to the total cost of ownership (TCO) due to incentives such as the zero percent benefit-in-kind (BIK) band for EVs. However, the analysis also highlighted that charging infrastructure is a barrier to EV adoption in the UK. The country sat in 10th position when looking at public chargers relative to population, behind leading countries such as The Netherlands, Norway, Luxembourg, and Sweden. READ MORE: Cyclists urged to be careful amid Highway Code changes Across the UK, the number of public EV charge points rose by seven percent in the fourth quarter of 2020 to a total of 20,775. Despite progress being made in 2020 on charging infrastructure, the rate of improvement decreased across Europe compared to last year (43 percent increase rate in 2020 compared to 73 percent increase in 2019). Alfonso Martinez, managing director of LeasePlan UK, said: “It’s great to see the UK ranking as one of the top three countries in Europe for EV readiness, but that doesn’t mean we don’t still have a long way to go. “A lack of charging infrastructure continues to be a real barrier to adoption, particularly in rural areas. DON'T MISSDrivers could be fined £1,000 for not drinking enough water [REVEAL] Woman hits out at council after it painted a disabled bay around car [SHOCKING] High insurance prices deter young motorists from driving EVs [INSIGHT] “The UK needs to address this and deliver on a strategy that takes the entire population into consideration, otherwise we risk falling behind.” However, the Department for Transport (DfT) recently ended the Electric Vehicle Homecharge Scheme (EVHS). The scheme was designed to help small businesses and people in leasehold and rented accommodation install EV charge points. But the On-Street Residential Grant Scheme (ORCS) will continue in 2022 with a further £20million allocated for local authorities to install EV charge points. The DfT has also launched a consultation on improving the charging experience. This includes simplifying payments and increasing reliability, as part of the roadmap to end the sale of new petrol and diesel cars and vans by 2030. The EV Readiness Index found most nations had improved their score this year. However, the rate varies significantly across the continent, with Romania, Slovakia and the Czech Republic having both the lowest scores and the slowest improvement rate. Mr Martinez said: “Now is the time to make a difference, and it needs to happen fast. “We’ve seen the positive impact of cleaner roads and less emissions during the pandemic, so let’s keep going and ensure these learnings weren’t in vain. “The pressure is on for leaders within businesses and the Government alike to accelerate EV adoption – a giant step in helping to save our planet.” The EV Readiness Index was published as part of LeasePlan’s new ‘What’s next in EVs’ report. The report provides detailed insights into the latest trends, models, and technology that will shape the EV industry in the coming years, as well as an in-depth analysis of the EV readiness of each country.