Victoria Beckham, 47, wowed fans as she took to social media yesterday to share a closer look at the metallic dress she wore to her son Brooklyn and now daughter-in-law Nicola Peltz's wedding ceremony. The former Spice Girls star exuded elegance at the lavish event on Saturday in a slip silver dress with lace embroidery. The show-stopping gown was also a special piece as it was her eponymous brand’s first couture dress created in its London atelier. Victoria shared a series of snaps, as well as a video, explaining why she chose the dress for her son’s big day. Sharing a video of herself in her room as she walked towards the mirror, Victoria began: “A special dress for a special day. “The first Victoria Beckham couture dress made in our London atelier. READ MORE: Britney Spears, 40, pregnant with first baby with husband Sam Asghari “The bespoke fabric was developed by one of my favourite mills in Italy, it’s like liquid metal and hands so beautifully.” Along with a separate snap, she added: “The lace is actually three different styles, placed to create a new lace and then hand embroidered.” She continued: “The dress took five days to create by six of my incredibly talented London atelier team.” “It’s been a labour of love and I’m so grateful to my incredible team for something so beautiful for me.” The singer-turned-designer later shared a picture of the gown’s cleavage and details including her pastel pink nails. The picture also showcased her jaw-dropping diamond pendant gold necklace and her engagement ring. Victoria also uploaded some pictures of Brooklyn’s wedding day to the social media account. Brooklyn married billionaire heiress Nicola on Saturday at a £76 million mansion in Florida. DON'T MISSAndrea McLean's sadness after being forced to sell home amid show exit [LATEST]Al Pacino, 81, leaves restaurant with Mick Jagger's ex-girlfriend, 28 [PICTURES]Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show [INSIGHT] The property - which belongs to Nicola’s father Nelson - was prepared ahead of the star-studded bash with three huge marquees on the seafront. In pictures shared by Vogue, Victoria and David could be seen beaming with joy as they walked together hand in hand. Victoria announced the couple was a "proud mum and dad" after their son married his partner. Walking alongside her, David looked elegant in a stylish black suit that complemented her floor-length silver gown. "Proud mum and dad," Victoria wrote in view of her 29.6 million Instagram followers. She added: "Congratulations Mr & Mrs Beckham @brooklynpeltzbeckham @nicolaannepeltzbeckham". The photos also show other guests in the background dabbing their eyes tearfully as Brooklyn and Nicola prepared to exchange their vows. The stunning bride opted for a Valentino gown for her special day.