Since 2019 the Daily Express has fought side by side with campaigners for access to US firm Vertex's drug Kaftrio, hailed as "almost a cure" for the genetic condition. In June 2020, after more than 200 Daily Express articles, NHS England finally agreed deals for Kaftrio for adults, soon followed by the rest of the UK, and later for those over 12. Parents then celebrated in January when Kaftrio was approved for children aged six to 11, making it available to 1,500 primary school-age CF youngsters - 700 of them taking a CF drug for the very first time. And here we see some of the thrilled youngsters who are now looking to the future with hope for longer, happier and normal lives. Kaftrio significantly improves lung function, helping people with CF breathe more easily. One of the first young children to take the pill in February was sevenyear-old aspiring Olympic gymnast Kate Farrer, of London, who said she felt better within three hours of swallowing her first tablet. Kate hopes Kaftrio will mean she suffers fewer tummy aches, goes on fewer trips to hospital and is able to join more school trips. She said: "I am feeling a lot better - it is really exciting. Now life will hopefully be a bit fairer with me. "I am actually quite happy as I can now exhale all the way and not cough at all, not one bit." Oscar Watts, eight, of Milton Keynes, has prepared a CF Factfile for his classmates to explain his condition. Mum Michelle, 42, said: "It's magical having Kaftrio now. He has avoided most of the really bad lung bugs and does his physio and nebulisers each day. Now he is eating better, that makes a huge difference. "He is such a lovely, caring boy and so kind."  Ayda Louden, seven, of Carlisle, Cumbria, was the first young sufferer the Daily Express met. Aged three, she pleaded with ministers: "I get so tired, why can't I have something to make me feel better?" Dad Dave, 38, now says: "She's managed to run an inter-school cross country race and came 16th which is an amazing achievement. "A massive thank you to the Daily Express - you've changed the lives of thousands for the better!" There are around 10,600 Britons with CF and England has the secondhighest proportion of CF sufferers in the world. The disorder destroys the lungs with sticky mucus, but 90 per cent can thrive on Kaftrio. The remaining 10 per cent have such rare genes that none OFVERTEX's four drugs - Kalydeco, Orkambi, Symkevi, Kaftrio - work for them, so they are having to wait for future gene therapy treatments. But the Daily Express has vowed to campaign until every CF sufferer can access life-saving treatments. O 