Carpet beetles can appear in any home, often seen in April, May and June, as they seek egg-laying sites. They can enter the home through a variety of different ways and evidence of their presence includes holes in fabric items and soft furnishings. According to one expert, vacuuming is essential when it comes to getting rid of the pest. According to Safeguard Pest Control, adult carpet beetles can lay up to 100 eggs at any one time. This means an infestation can occur very quickly. Jordan Foster, pest management expert at Fantastic Pest Control, said: “Being quite small, carpet beetles have no problem finding a way into your home. “These six-legged invaders commonly travel on flowers or plants you bring into your home, enter through air vents, and fly through cracks or open windows. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 85p hack to keep moths out the home “It is possible for some clever members of the species to cling to your pet hair or clothing in order to sneak inside undetected. “Often, little mischiefs enter your house through chimneys, plumbing and electrical openings.” In order to eliminate carpet beetles, it is essential to first find out where they are living. This can be done by looking for damaged areas. DON'T MISS:‘Inexpensive’ ways to keep ‘destructive’ bugs at bay [COMMENT]‘Simple’ ways to ‘save energy’ in the kitchen [EXPLAINER]David Domoney shares ‘key’ to growing ‘spectacular’ wisteria [VIDEO] The expert first recommended vacuuming everywhere first. Jordan said: “Upon finding the source of a carpet beetle infestation, the first step you should take is to vacuum the area thoroughly, followed by vacuuming the whole house. “After that, vacuum dry part of your upholstered furniture that cannot be machine washed. “This includes sofas and armchairs. “Make sure to use the appropriate attachments to reach the areas which are hard.” Boric acid was also recommended, available to purchase online. The pest expert said: “Carpet beetles are vulnerable to this insect apocalypse-causing product. “Few insects can survive contact with boric acid. “You can sprinkle boric acid liberally on your carpet and vacuum it up after two or three hours to kill beetles, larvae and eggs. “You should also wash everything. “All machine washable fabrics should be soaked in hot, soapy water, including clothing, towels, bedding, cushion covers and curtains. “Wash these items on the highest temperature setting with laundry detergent. “It is advisable to either use a steam cleaner or shampoo your carpet to ensure that these destructive beetles are no longer living there.”