Jet2 is a popular airline and flies many Britons to destinations around Europe each year. What’s the airline’s policy on seating? Jet2 states that passengers will need to prebook a seat if they want to be seated together on the plane. On its website it states: “To reserve the seats you want for your party, you should pre-book your seats online when you book. “You can also pre-book them afterwards when you visit Manage My Booking, please note that seat prices vary depending on the location and route. “If you don’t pre-book your seats, they will be allocated when you check in online or at the airport on a first come, first served basis.” READ MORE: Spain: Weather warning issued for tourist destinations Passengers that don’t reserve seats might have more chances of sitting together if they arrive at the airport early. Jet2 will allocate the remaining seats on a first come, first served basis so early passengers are likely to be best placed. However, the airline adds: “Please note that seats across the aisle or in the row behind or in front are classed as ‘together’. “If you want to change your seat once you have booked and paid, you will need to pay the relevant seat charges.” This means that groups could be seated a row in front or behind if they have opted to be together. Passengers will need to pay an additional charge if they want to change their seat after selection. Some passengers can’t enjoy a flight without extra legroom and Jet2 do have options for those tourists. It states: “We offer a selection of extra legroom seats on all our aircraft. These seats are clearly marked on our seat maps during the booking process and are generally located towards the front of the aircraft. “You can pre-book these seats during the booking process, add them later when you visit Manage My Booking or request them at check-in for a small fee per flight. “The majority of our extra legroom seats are also classed as emergency exit seats, so only certain customers can sit here for safety reasons.” Emergency exit seats have certain rules to make sure that the exit will be manned if needed. Children under the age of 14, pregnant people, disabled customers and customers that require seat belt extensions can’t sit there. Customers who have suffered a medical condition or injury also can’t sit in the emergency exit seat. Passengers seated by an emergency exit may need to operate the doors if required to assist. Cabin crew will move any passengers that they feel are “unsuitable” to sit by the emergency exit. British tourists should check their booking or with Jet2 for the full terms and conditions on seating.