The concerns about the Gulf state have been raised by Impact International in the wake of revelations that 10 Downing Street was one of the targets of spyware from the UAE. The Canada-based Citizen Lab has claimed that it has informed officials that suspected Pegasus spyware was discovered in 2020 and 2021. The Downing Street incident, it said, was linked to operators in the UAE.    The Citizen Lab, which tracks electronic surveillance, said that it had warned the UK government that networks belonging to both 10 Downing Street and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office were believed to have been infected using Pegasus spyware. Pegasus is a highly sensitive software which allows governments to take control of people's phones, extract data and carry out surveillance on individuals and companies.    Robert Oulds from Impact International said he was not surprised by the claims. He said: “The UAE has recently been moving very closely to China and also Russia. Indeed it has become a home for Russian oligarchs avoiding sanctions. “And its financial centre based in Dubai is the main centre for channelling Russian funds to get around the sanctions.” In a report it has just published said that the strategy was to diversify from relying on oil. The Impact report pointed to allegations by the US Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, which said that the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates also “enabled Iranian avoidance of American sanctions.” READ MORE: EU nation becomes first in bloc to cut ties with Russian gas   The report went on: “This pattern is continuing, Russian citizens are using cryptocurrency to purchase property and businesses in the UAE to evade the sanctions which were enforced following the invasion of Ukraine. “It is also likely that Russian flows of laundered money into the UAE are increasing. Moreover, the international regulator tasked with tackling money laundering, the Financial Action Task Force recently raised the alarm about the level of money laundering in the UAE and its financing of terrorism.” DON'T MISS: Indonesia trade deal is huge boost for Britain, says LIZ TRUSS [REACTION] POLL: Should Boris stay and fight Partygate claims or go to India? [INSIGHT] BBC's Fleming on Labour's plot to undermine PM if partygate vote fails [REVEAL]   Mr Oulds said: “The UAE is diversifying its economy from oil and is now fuelling its economy with the proceeds of crime and corruption. Dubai’s finance industry is in danger of earning the UAE a reputation as a financially rogue state; operating outside of ethical boundaries.” He continued: “Its current actions on their own are not enough to offset the self-induced problems caused through allowing the laundering of Russian money and sanction busting activities. “This is compounding the UAE’s reputation as a safe haven for those who commit the most egregious financial irregularities and hide wealth gleaned from other countries be that for the purposes of tax evasion or escaping international sanctions. “To avoid becoming a pariah, aligned only with China and Russia and their satellites, the United Arab Emirates must start working towards international standards, share information, institute transparency, and end its association with rogue regimes and criminal elements.”   