Express.co.uk spoke to two health experts at Super Botanic about how the “delicious” and “medicinal” herb could protect your heart. The answer lies in lowering the two best-known culprits for heart disease - high blood pressure and high cholesterol. From healthy fats to fruits and vegetables, you can bust your risk of heart disease through a variety of food. And ginger also makes the cut. What's more, you can get it for as little as only 53p. Pharmaceutical scientist, Kai Ali, said: “Ginger is far more than a seasoning – its medicinal properties have been valued and used throughout centuries.” Characterised by a pungent taste with sweet undertones, the yellowish herb is packed with nutrients and antioxidants. When it comes to targeting your heart disease risk, ginger is able to whip up a lower cholesterol reading. READ MORE: High blood pressure warning: Drug recalled as it may cause ‘adverse health consequences’ Health expert, Maya Quadir, added: “Antioxidants present in ginger can reduce the formation of plaque in the arteries caused by high cholesterol. “This can prevent blood clots in the blood vessels of the heart and reduce risk factors for heart disease.” In case you’re not aware, the NHS explains that high cholesterol is considered one of the risk factors for heart disease, so keeping your levels in check can also help keep heart disease at bay. What’s more, ginger can also target high blood pressure - another well-known risk factor for cardiovascular diseases.   The Mayo Clinic details that high blood pressure can eventually damage your arteries by reducing their elasticity which then lowers the flow of blood and oxygen to your heart - a recipe for heart disease. Mr Ali explained that the Asian herb is able to improve blood circulation and relax the muscles that surround blood vessels. This mechanism can help reduce your overall blood pressure throughout the body. The pharmaceutical scientist continued: “There are many studies as well which back the claims on how ginger is indeed effective to maintain and treat high blood pressure. “A meta-analysis and systematic review of the studies available on ginger and its effects on blood pressure showed that regular ginger consumption in the over 50s helps to lower blood pressure. “A total of six randomised clinical trials were looked at which included 345 participants.” Having crunched the numbers, Mr Ali shared that ginger is able to reduce systolic blood pressure by 6.36 millimetres of mercury (mmHg) and diastolic blood pressure by 2.12 mmHg. If you’re not familiar, systolic pressure details the higher number of your reading while diastolic pressure is the lower number. Mr Ali noted: “Meta studies suggest taking three grams or more of ginger a day was effective in helping with the treatment of high blood pressure. “You can also look for 25mg-50mg Ginger Extract Root.” To provide your diet with extra defence against heart disease, cutting down on sodium can also help “improve your heart health and high blood pressure.” Other practices recommended by the expert include: