The jet sent the code, which is used to indicate an emergency, at 6,500ft and disappeared from the FlightRadar24 aircraft tracker. An Italian police helicopter is reportedly on the way to the area from which the alert was launched. The jet, the German Navy Lockheed P-3C Orion, is a four-engine, turboprop anti-submarine and maritime surveillance aircraft. Berlin is known to have eight of the planes but was recently reported to have abandoned plans to modernise the fleet and replace it with P-3s. It is not known whether the plane in question is still part of the aircraft employed by the German Federal Ministry of Defence (BMVg). In June last year, the BMVg signed a letter of offer and acceptance with Boeing to purchase five new maritime patrol aircraft and joined the US, Australia, India, UK, Norway, Korea and New Zealand in adding the P-8A Poseidon to its military operations. Michael Hostetter, Boeing Defense, Space & Security vice president in Germany, said at the time: "Boeing is honoured to provide Germany with the world’s most capable maritime surveillance aircraft. "We will continue to work with the US government, the German government and industry to establish a robust sustainment package that will ensure the German Navy's P-8A fleet is mission ready." Ukraine LIVE: Putin SNUBBED by Mariupol commander as Kremlin allies turn on Russian leader Germany, for obvious historical reasons, has long resisted having a large military presence. Russia's invasion of Ukraine, however, has forced it to shift its stance. On February 24, the day Moscow launched the biggest attack by one state against another in Europe since World War Two, Lt Gen Alfons Mais, the chief of staff of the German army, publicly expressed his frustration over the state of the German military, writing in a LinkedIn post that Germany "is standing there more or less empty-handed" while the full-scale conflict erupts. He said: "In my 41th year of peace-time service, I would not have thought that I would have to experience a war. "And the Bundeswehr, the army which I have the honour to command, is standing there more or less empty-handed. The options we can offer the government in support of the alliance are extremely limited." German forces were drastically scaled down after the end of the Cold War, with the Bundestag going from spending about three percent of its GDP on defence and military to nearly one percent in 2005 and training its troops almost exclusively for missions such as in Afghanistan, where the adversary's equipment was hardly a threat. The German reunification was key in this shift, which often sparked criticism of the country's contributions to NATO. After Russia's seizure and annexation of Crimea in 2014, Europe's security landscape worsened and Germany's military spending gradually increased. Still, Germany's defence spending had only reached 1.4 percent of GDP by 2020 and had only 184,000 troops – down from nearly half a million in 1990. DON'T MISSPutin ally found dead in Moscow apartment with wife and daughter [REPORT]Is the EU allowing Russia to evade sanctions? [ANALYSIS]Russians launch attack in Spain as man shouts 'Glory Ukraine' [VIDEO] The war in Ukraine prompted a long-overdue boost. During an extraordinary session of the German parliament on February 27, Chancellor Olaf Scholz announced Germany would create a one-off special fund of €100billion to support its military next year. He said: "From now on, year-on-year more than 2 percent of our GDP will be invested in defence." The increases, Mr Scholz emphasised, were not to satisfy NATO obligations but for the country's "own security" in light of the Russian invasion, which marked "a change in the history of our continent" and required more investment in "the security of our country to protect our freedom and democracy". The purchase of these jets was the start of a stage of an important period of adaptation to the circumstances brought by the war in Eastern Europe. On Tuesday, an initially-hesitant Mr Scholz in the context of supplying Ukraine with arms said that although Germany has practically maxed out its own stocks of weapons, it will continue to support Kyiv by working with its armaments industry and other nations to send more.