Jeremy Clarkson's new Amazon Prime series, Clarkson's farm, has made an unlikely star of 23-year-old Kaleb, who shares a jokingly-rocky relationship with the former Top Gear host. The farmer recently called London "f***ing awful" as he talked about his experiences of leaving the countryside and how he rarely travels far from his home in Oxfordshire. Country boy Kaleb said he'd only been to London three times but hated it. Describing it as "f***ing awful," he explained how he'd suffered a "nosebleed" when venturing 18 miles out of Chipping Norton. Kaleb also admitted the city was the furthest he'd ever travelled from his hometown, vowing never to leave. Talking about his relationship with Jeremy, 61, he explained: "I'm the boss. It’s Kaleb’s Farm, secretly." READ MORE: Emmerdale fans spot clue Andrea Tate alive and working with Leyla Of Clarkson, he jibed: "He’s useless. I’ve tried my best. I’m still trying.” Speaking to The Times magazine, he went on to confess that Jeremy had developed some farming skills, such as using the Lamborghini tractor. "It is a really hard job, but you just have a knack for it," he explained. "You’re either a farmer or you’re not a farmer.” Part of what fans enjoy about the series is Jeremy and Kaleb's spats, which it appears are not just for the camera.  Kaleb remarked that Jeremy "never listens" to him and does the complete opposite of what he is asked. He admitted he does get "very annoyed" at Jeremy's blunders, so that part of what viewers see is all genuine. Last month, Kaleb took to Instagram to share some updates with his followers. Not only did he celebrate the first birthday of his son, Oscar, but he also revealed his new book, The World According To Kaleb. DON'T MISS... All Creatures Great and Small star speaks on Mrs Hall romance [LATEST]Timothy West opens up on wife Prunella's memory battle 'It's sad' [VIDEO]Sunday Brunch fans distracted by guest's 'undertaker' outfit [REACTION] The big news was met with applause from his one million followers. He went on to reassure fans that his new venture will not keep him away from what he enjoys most, which is farming. In a lengthy post, he began: "What a day I’m having! Celebrating Oscar’s first birthday and finally getting to relieve this big announcement. "As you all know, I’m not a big reader (the only book I’ve ever actually read is @jeremyclarkson1.) So I’ve decided to do the next best thing and write my own book!" He continued: "SURPRISE. It’s about lots of things, but really it’s about how I love farming, and why nothing beats sitting on a tractor and ploughing a field – which, funnily enough, is where I did most of my brainstorming for this book. "Signed copies of ‘The World According to Kaleb’ are available to pre-order now! Link in my bio." The agricultural series was born when Clarkson decided to buy and maintain a farm during lockdown, and his adventures on Diddly Squat were documented on the show. Clarkson's Farm is available to watch on Amazon Prime. 