Karim Benzema has been tipped to win the Ballon d'Or after inspiring Real Madrid to a win over Chelsea. The Frenchman netted a superb hat-trick to put Los Blancos within touching distance of a place in the Champions League semi-finals. Benzema captained Carlo Ancelotti's side for the first leg of their quarter-final clash, which saw them travel to Stamford Bridge. He put the La Liga table toppers in front 21 minutes in when he powered a header past Edouard Mendy from Vinicius Junior's cross. It took just three minutes for the Madrid star to double his tally for the evening with another header. This time he guided Luka Modric's cross from the left across Mendy and into the bottom corner to put the visitors in control of the tie. He wrapped up his hat-trick within a minute of the second-half, capitalising on a poor pass from Mendy to put the ball into an empty net. It was a performance that stunned Stamford Bridge and left former Manchester United star Rio Ferdinand crowning the striker as the favourite for this year's Ballon d'Or. READ MORE: Thomas Tuchel's frosty exchange with reporter after Real Madrid loss "Karim Benzema. If they’re not engraving his name on the Ballon d’Or I’ll be surprised. He’s been magic. Last tie, he was magnificent and grabbed a hat-trick. Tonight he’s done the same and got another hat-trick," Ferdinand told BT Sport. "This man made the difference, yes, they got their tactics right with Vinicius out on the right and pinning Christensen back. But, he put the chances away as they came and dispatched them beautifully. What a masterclass." DON'T MISS: Benzema proves Ferdinand wrong as Real Madrid star bags Chelsea hat-trick (INSIGHT)Real Madrid 'remain confident' of signing PSG star Kylian Mbappe (TRANSFERS)Liverpool and Real Madrid 'keeping close eye' on Serge Gnabry as ace (NEWS) Benzema has now scored 37 goals in just 36 appearances in all competitions this season. That has helped Los Blancos to surge to the top of the La Liga table where they enjoy a 12-point lead over second-placed Barcelona. He has now scored a hat-trick in successive Champions League games, following his three goals against PSG in the last 16. That puts him on course to win his first-ever Ballon d'Or, having finished fourth in last season's award.