Residents in England are able to claim this “freebie” benefit once they turn 60 years of age. There is currently a Government consultation into raising the eligibility threshold for free prescriptions in England to the state pension age, which is 66. In comparison, those who live in Scotland and Wales do not have to pay any prescription charges at all, no matter what age they are. People who are aged under 16 can get free prescriptions in England, while 16 to 18 year olds in full-time education are also eligible. Those who are pregnant or have had a baby in the past 12 months and have a valid maternity exemption certificate, which is known as a MatX, are also eligible to claim this support. Alternatively, many people claim free prescriptions by receiving a valid medical exemption certificate, referred to as a MedEX. Medical exemption certificates are only given to those who have a specific health condition that meets the NHS’s qualifying criteria for additional support.  READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  To get this certificate which allows people to claim free prescriptions, a person must have one of the following conditions:  Anyone who is dealing with any of these illnesses or ailments can contact their doctor and request a FP92A form. This form will allow them to apply for a medical exemption certificate but the claimant’s GP will sign the form to confirm that all the details and diagnosis is correct, as part of the application. This medical exemption certificate will be valid from one month before the date the NHS Business Services Authority receives the application form. All MedEX can be used for at least five years and then need to be renewed. Claimants may receive a reminder from the NHS that their medical exemption certificate will need renewed but it's ultimately the responsibility of the patient to make sure this is done. In light of the cost of living crisis, the UK Government has pushed for Britons to purchase a pre-payment certificate (PPC) as it may mean they can lower their prescription costs. Once someone has a PPC, all their prescriptions are covered under a specific rate. A three-month PPC costs £30.25 per individual and a 12-month certificate is priced at £108.10. It is possible to spread the cost over 10 months paying £10.81 per month, instead of all at once. PPCs are accessible through the NHS prescriptions website and people have the option to pay by card or direct debit. Furthermore, application forms are available at pharmacies across the country or claimants can call 0300. If someone becomes eligible for free prescriptions after buying a certificate, they can reclaim the proportional cost for that time. On April 1, 2021, the cost for the average NHS prescription charge in England increased to £9.35 per prescription item. This represented a rise of 2.19 percent from the cost of prescriptions on the NHS back in 2020. Figures show that the average prescription charge for a single item was £7.40 in 2011. Taking this into account, over the last ten years, the cost of a prescription has risen by 26.4 percent. However, the Government promised to not hike prescription costs this year so charges will remain at £9.35 per item for the next 12 months. Anyone who believes they qualify for free prescriptions should check the NHS website for further information to see how they can claim.