Piers Morgan, 57, has taken to Twitter to address the news that a transgender goalkeeper who once played men’s football for Brighton has received an “international call-up". The TV show presenter responded to an article about the move. Piers’ response was seen in full view of his 7.9 million followers. The original post by Brighton Argus announced the news that Blair Hamilton, 32, who is a six-foot transgender footballer and currently plays for Hastings united women’s team, has been selected to play for the England Universities Sport Women's squad. In view of their own 107,300 followers, the news outlet wrote: “Transgender goalkeeper in #Brighton who used to play men's football receives international call-up. “Perhaps one for @PiersMorgan to ponder…” READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show In response, Piers explained that he didn’t need to “ponder” it and added that he thought the news was “ridiculous". The star said: “I don’t need to ponder it, this is obviously unfair to biological female footballers. “At least one of them won’t now play for England because a previously very average male footballer is now an international women’s player. Ridiculous.” Fans responded to Piers, as some people agreed with the presenter. @N1ckn commented: “Funny how you don’t see women which have transitioned to men compete in men's sports.” @Liaminthesky said: “Beyond ridiculous.” @Troyathlon1 wrote: “Sometimes Piers, you say it 'just perfectly', just sometimes though…” DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] @Jakibreezybrook added: “It's totally ridiculous and unfair.” Contrarily, @CherokeeAbbey penned: “You should really do your research first so you don’t look uninformed or foolish! “Blair Hamilton Has been taking hormone therapy for years and also a testosterone blocker. “By taking these she would be equal to a biological woman!” Blair is a PhD student at the University of Brighton. Hastings United, who she currently plays for, also tweeted out the news this morning. They wrote: “The 'U's are delighted to announce Blair Hamilton has been selected for the England Universities Sport Women's Squad.” She wrote on her Twitter page: “Buzzing for this though.” Hastings United Women's chairman, Billy Wood, told the Mail Online: “It's a touchy subject, but Blair's not one that shies away [from controversy]. “And nor are we as a football club.” The news of Blair’s international call-up comes after the news that Emily Bridges, a cyclist who won medals at university level cycling as a male before transitioning, has announced that she will be competing in female events.