Cleaning TikTok and Instagram accounts have boomed amid the pandemic when Britons were noticing all the grime in their home they'd ignored before lockdown. With the rise of "cleanfluencers" an influx of cleaning "hacks" as people began to experiment with the home. However, with experimentation comes discoveries - not all positive. One hack suggested using washing tablets or powdered detergent on the floor. Declan Christie is a flooring specialist, so he's well placed to know exactly which cleaning hacks to trust. Founder of Luxury Flooring & Furnishings, he warned against this particular trend because it could really damage your floors. He said: "While it’s good to get creative with your cleaning, it’s important to pay attention to what you are adding to the mix to create your solution. "Many cleaning TikToker’s are showing their use of laundry detergent tablets, dishwasher tablets, and powdered detergent to create their mix." However, the expert warned this tip is actually not safe for your home. READ MORE: 'Simple' one-hour method to clean the oven and remove grease: 'Apply the cleaner directly' Declan went on: “The problem with using powered detergents and washing tablets is they are designed for extremely high heat dissolution and are mixed with gallons of water to be safe for use on clothing or dishes. "On flooring, where your solution is likely to be a couple of litres, the concentration is much higher and it’s not likely to fully dissolve which can cause chemical stains - especially on wooden flooring." It's not just the high chemical factor of these detergents that can damage your floor. Declan said: “The hard pieces often found in these detergents (including salt) can then scrape your floor and once again cause damage. DON'T MISSCleaning guide for toilets - scrub them 'at least once a week' [EXPERT] 'Your best friends': Perfect products for a dirty shower door [CLEANING] Do your clothes smell even after washing? Cleaner shares essential step [HELP] "Furthermore, the ingredients can be especially harmful to the treatment on engineered wood such as herringbone or parquet." So, what can you do to avoid this disaster? Declan said: "Use a natural mix of water, vinegar, rubbing alcohol, and essential oils. He went on: “If you are looking for more natural products to use outside of specialist flooring cleaning products then a mix of water, vinegar, rubbing alcohol, and essential oils can be very budget-friendly and effective." The flooring expert explained how he makes his own floor cleaning solution. Declan said: “All you need to do is fill your bucket with the appropriate levels of water to your coverage area. "Then add 50ml of white vinegar, a great natural dirt stripper, one cup of rubbing alcohol as a disinfectant, and a couple of drops of your favourite essential oils, which will make your solution and floor smell fantastic! "We recommend peppermint for that fresh scent.” A cleaning expert recently shared how she cleans grout in her home. Jen Needham, also known as the Cleaning Fairy Godmother is a cleaning guru with a huge 800k followers on TikTok. She posts cleaning advice to @clean_with_jen on Instagram. She has suggested two products to tackle everyday grout cleaning, one of which might be surprising.