Romelu Lukaku made the wrong decision when he left Inter Milan for Chelsea in the summer transfer window. That is the verdict from Manchester United legend Patrice Evra, who believes the striker has created a mess at Stamford Bridge. United legend Evra has told Lukaku that he has made the wrong decision by leaving Inter Milan for Chelsea last year. After two years in Italy where he led the San Siro outfit to the first Serie A title in 10 years, the striker returned to the Premier League. The Blues forked out £97million for his services - a club record - with Thomas Tuchel desperate for more firepower. It also marked a decade from the first time he joined Chelsea as a teenager from Anderlecht. However, this spell is fast becoming a disaster with the Belgium international playing a bit-part role at Stamford Bridge after being benched by Kai Havertz. The former United star appears to be completely bereft of confidence and does not suit Tuchel's style. In the Premier League and Champions League, Lukaku has scored just seven times in 26 appearances and he has not scored since February in the 2-1 win over Palmeiras in the Club World Cup final. And his last league goal stretches all the way back to December against Brighton. And Evra has insisted that the forward has made the wrong decision by moving back to Chelsea, telling Amazon Sport: "People who criticise him have a short memory. Because when he arrived in London he scored and did well; then he got injured and said he missed Inter. "In the end, he created a bit of a mess with the (Chelsea) fans. He wanted to return to Chelsea at all costs, he should have stayed at Inter after such a high-level season. He made that choice there which for me is wrong." READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'wants to take trusted Ajax coach with him to Man Utd' Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here. Last year, Lukaku was in flying form after scoring 24 times in Serie A on his way to almost single-handedly gifting Inter Milan their first Scudetto since 2011. But he is yet to hit anywhere near the same vein of form at Chelsea. Earlier in the season, the 28-year-old caused controversy when he revealed to Sky Italy that he regretted leaving the Nerazzurri which caused anger among the Blues fanbase. Since then, Lukaku has yet to score in the Premier League. There has been talk that the ex-Everton star could be allowed to leave this summer after just one year at the club. A return to Inter has not been ruled out but it will largely depend on the finances of a deal with the Italian outfit unlikely to splash out anywhere near as much as the £97m Chelsea spent. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.