Amanda Owen, 47, has spoken on the “highs and lows” that come with living on a farm as she tried to make the best of a difficult situation that arose yesterday with her livestock. The Yorkshire Shepherdess shared an emotional photo of her daughter Clemmie,7, standing beside one of their baby lambs that were in a “stupor” while missing its mother. Amanda typed on Instagram: “Highs and lows that go with the territory. “You just have to make the best of the situation. The yow was physically alright but in a stupor. A new foster lamb will waken her up. “We have a pet lamb that needs a mother,” she noted. Thankfully Amanda’s quick thinking allowed the lamb to get back on its feet. READ MORE: Zoe Henry addressed Emmerdale's Rhona being 'killed' off She continued: “Rubbing the foster lamb in the birth fluids should suffice in this case. “Then its legs need to be temporarily tied so that it lies out in the same manner as a newborn lamb would. In this case, it worked.” The TV farmer shared a number of photos of the sweet lamb and in one of them, Clemmie could be seen holding it tight against her chest while its legs were tied with red rope. In a separate selfie, Amanda cuddled up to her daughter as it was evident the 47-year-old was proud of the youngster’s ability to help in tough situations that arise while working on the farm. In response to the photos, Amanda’s fans praised the star and her “wonderful children” for their ability to deal with “sad times”. Leannecooper349 typed: “Aww Clementine and all your children do a wonderful job on the farm but unfortunately some sad sad times do happen and have massive effects on their little souls. But super proud love to see them on your posts.” Indiarome_xo commented: “So very true, we sadly had a horrific calving the other day that none of us were prepared for. No two days are the same in the farming world! Clem is such a resilient lass, it's hard learning such lessons at such a young age but like you said, it comes with the job and territory. Fingers crossed for more highs than lows from here on out!”(sic) Pammy3365 replied: “Those children know what hard work is and the highs and lows of farming! What an amazing upbringing!” DONT MISS:Brooklyn Beckham and wife issue plea for Ukraine after £3m nuptials (PHOTOS)Game of Thrones actor Joseph Gatt arrested for sexual chats with minor (NEWS)Piers Morgan unleashes scathing attack on 'fascist' left-wing (LATEST) The Yorkshire Shepherdess has been sharing frequent updates on the happenings of the farm since lambing season began recently. Amanda and her family, including husband Clive Owen and their nine children, Raven, Reuben, 17, Miles, 15, Edith, 12, Violet, 10, Sidney, nine, Annas seven, Clemmie and Nancy, four, have seen wide success over the last five years as their Channel 5 show Our Yorkshire Farm became a nationwide hit. The show follows Amanda and her brood as they reveal the highs and lows of living and working on a farm. Broadcaster and friend of the Owen family Ben Fogle has praised Amanda for her constant hard work and not being afraid to take risks  Whilst appearing on the Welcome to Yorkshire, Talkshire podcast with Caroline Nickle, Ben opened up about his first time meeting the Owen family. Caroline asked: "The Yorkshire Shepherdess Amanda Owen and her amazing family, with nine children and sort of too many animals to even count, has become a big TV hit with Our Yorkshire Farm, and you met her in the early days!" Ben revealed: "I went to stay with Amanda and her family about five or six years ago as part of my series New Lives in the Wild. "We thought it was an interesting story, Amanda former model who is obviously from Yorkshire but had left for a period of time. "So I spent a week with the Owen's, and I knew then that they were an extraordinary family, I found them inspiring, uplifting, amusing, funny, all of those things. "Obviously, the success of her and her family on my series turned into this extraordinary series that she now does but has so many fans, and I totally understand it.”