Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola may become the latest Premier League manager to have a handshake offer snubbed when he comes up against Diego Simeone this evening. It's been six years since Guardiola last faced off against Simeone's Atletico Madrid side with plenty changing in that time frame. The German head coach has since departed Bayern Munich and taken City to new heights, but the Champions League crown has remained elusive for the Spaniard in Manchester. They're one of the favourites to win it this year, but Atletico stand in City's way of progressing to the semi-final. Simeone's side already have good experience against English teams this season having taken on Liverpool and Manchester United. Atletico lost both matches to Liverpool in the group stage, but were able to scrape past United in the round-of-16 clash. But it was against Liverpool where Simeone made headlines when he appeared to anger Jurgen Klopp after their first match. The Atletico boss sprinted down the tunnel after Liverpool won 3-2 on a dramatic night in Spain. JUST IN: Sterling key, Rangnick spurns Southgate gift, Vieira uh-oh!  Klopp was left noticeably furious at Simeone for snubbing a post-match handshake and Ralf Rangnick had the same treatment after the first leg of their round-of-16 tie in February. And Guardiola will likely have to accept a similar fate this evening when he faces up against Simeone for the fourth time in his career. Klopp's initial anger back in October quickly disappeared heading into his post-match duties as the German head coach discovered it wasn't so much as a snub but just what Simeone has always done. “I never shake hands after a match, because I don’t like it,” Simeone said. “It isn’t healthy for either the one who wins or the one who loses. I always go without shaking hands at the end of the game.” DON'T MISS  It's still a bizarre ritual Simeone adopts given how usual it is to see both managers at the end of most games respectfully greeting and congratulating one another. Guardiola will be fully aware of the situation unlikely changing tonight, but the City boss will only have one thing on his mind. Atletico are renowned for being tough to break down under Simeone and the La Liga outfit will be doing everything to frustrate City's potent strikeforce. City have the home advantage in the first leg, but the Wanda Metropolitano will be electric next week if the tie is close and Simeone will be doing everything he can to give his side a chance.