This came after Prince Harry claimed that his father and brother were "trapped" in the Royal Family. He told Ms Winfrey: "I am part of the system with them, I always have been, but I guess—and I’m very aware of this—my brother can’t leave that system, but I have. My father and my brother are trapped. They don’t get to leave, and I have huge compassion for that." But royal expert Robert Jobson claimed that William does not feel that way, adding that the father and son "were both very angry" about Harry's comments. Speaking to the Royally US podcast, Mr Jobson said: "I don’t think he’s [William] ever felt like that. "I think Harry was putting words into his father and his brother’s mouths, and maybe making an assessment based upon his feelings. "They were both very angry about that, both Charles and William.  "I don’t think it’s true, I don’t think he felt trapped in any way." The interview aired in March 2021, one year after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped back from royal duties. Speculation about a rift between Prince Harry and Prince William has been circling for years. But his interview with Ms Winfrey only served to exacerbate these rumours, as Prince Harry said there was "space" between himself and his brother. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Prince William 'collateral damage' in Royal feud On a trip to South Africa the previous October, Harry said he and William were on "different paths at the moment". But he added: "I will always be there for him as I know he will always be there for me." Since leaving the UK in January 2020, the two princes have only seen each other twice - at their grandfather Prince Philip's funeral and at an unveiling of a statue of their late mother Princess Diana. But royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams has suggested that the rift may be set to get worse with the upcoming publication of Prince Harry's book. READ MORE: Charles and Camilla's 'LOVE CHILD' unveils new 'undeniable proof' [REVEAL] Harry likely to return without Meghan ‘to stay onboard with Queen' [INSIGHT] Prince Harry 'not marrying' Meghan Markle debunked as expert weighs in [ANALYSIS] He told ToDiForDaily's podcast: "In my view, both brothers were inseparable. "It's in no doubt that one of the tragedies is that they have taken very different roads. "The problem is what is going to be in that book." However, PA royal correspondent Alan Jones said that the "brotherly bond" between the two siblings is still intact. Speaking to True Royalty's The Royal Beat, he said: "I think William has still got a lot of time for Harry. "He's his little brother at the end of the day. "Even though they haven't seen eye to eye, I think there is still that brotherly bond, their mother's death has created this unbreakable tie between them. "At the end of the day, he will always put his arm around him, whatever he said about the family."