TV chef James Martin loves butter so much that he's even dedicated a recipe book to it. Despite claiming that "everywhere [else] in the world" outside of Britain is able to eat it in "moderation", he admits to being unable to resist his cravings for the tempting topping. "It’s a British problem. In the UK we have this natural obsession with stuff and I don’t know why. Everywhere in the world manages to eat butter in moderation. "It’s a natural product and I’d rather eat that than whatever vegetable spread is. Do you know what margarine is made from? "How do you make a product with so much stabiliser in it and other stuff that shouldn’t be in it? I think I’d rather eat butter all day long, thank you very much. "If we just learned to enjoy food in all forms that we produce right on our doorstep, then the UK and the world would be a much happier place," the James Martin's Saturday Morning star insisted.  READ NOW: Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress In fact, he is so renowned for his love of the extra-creamy sweet treat that fans have even thrown packs of butter at him teasingly during live demos. The good-natured TV star has said he "can cope" and dismissed it as being "all in good fun". The ex-Saturday Kitchen star has fond childhood memories of eating his grandmother's home cooking as a child and enjoying the taste sensations of food doused in butter. "The bread for a bacon sandwich that my nan made was buttered so much, it used to go through the other side of it," he confided. "There’s nothing better than that first bite of a nice bread with a bit of butter. Dipped in olive oil? Yeah, sure. But it’s also b****y good with a bit of butter on it. "It’s just going to add loads of flavour," he added in an interview with Love Food. His special guests on the show also share his passion for butter, with Italian star cook Francesco Mazzei also confessing that it's one of his favourite ingredients. Occasionally, James has been criticised by fellow celebrities, including the late Tom Parker of The Wanted, who seemed aghast on one occasion by the huge amount of the condiment he was using.  DON'T MISS: Johnny Depp's best friend sobs in court over Amber Heard abuse case [INSIGHT] Victoria Beckham shares gorgeous photo with rarely-seen parents [PHOTOS] Simon Cowell, 62, unrecognisable at Kids Choice Awards [LATEST] Late last year, while watching the show, he filmed himself shouting at the television and posted his feelings about James' notoriously butter-loaded cooking style to his Instagram Stories. "I ain't no chef, but... that scrambled egg looks a bit wet to me!" he exclaimed, wrinkling up his nose before branding it "disgusting". Plus ITV This Morning co-host Alison Hammond once refused to eat a buttery dish he had prepared while the pair were on air. James then jokingly accused her of deliberately airing his cooking segment towards the end of the show. Plus, on another occasion, also on This Morning, he used an entire packet of butter to pan-fry a piece of chicken while Holly Willoughby and Philip Schofield looked on in shock. The celebrity chef had been on the show to promote his latest book, Butter, which contains hundreds of recipes dedicated to its use as a central ingredient. James says research shows that butter could prevent a heart attack and, now, in a bid to dispel the opinion that the topping is "bad", he has been continuing to cover his dishes with generous portions of it. He is so renowned for loving the ingredient that one Instagrammer, @kettlebelljohn joked of a dish he'd prepared: "Whatever it is, you can guarantee there is at least 10lb of butter in it!" Meanwhile, the chef has previously spoken of feeling "infuriated" when people criticise his dishes, telling Press Association: "I went into the kitchen at six years old with a chef’s jacket and a dream [and] I really do care.” Viewers can catch James on his Saturday morning show on ITV at 9:25am.