Queen Elizabeth II celebrates her Platinum Jubilee this year, marking her 70 years on the throne. The historic reign of Britain’s longest-serving monarch, who turned 96 last week, will be honoured with an exciting programme of events across a bank holiday weekend from June 2-5. Her Majesty inherited the throne from father, King George VI upon his death in February 1952. As the nation gears up to observe the Queen’s milestone this summer, questions have been raised over whether Prince William should succeed the Queen, rather than his father Prince Charles, the Sovereign’s son and heir apparent. The question has long been asked about William due to his youth and relatability with the British people compared to Charles. However, the proposals to install the Duke of Cambridge – the second-in-line to the throne – as King have been torn apart by Professor Vernon Bogdanor of King's College London’s Centre for British Politics and Government. The constitutional expert branded those who favour skipping a royal generation “foolish” and explained that legislative changes would be required in the UK and the Commonwealth realms where Her Majesty is monarch. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “Most things about the monarchy require an Act of Parliament to change them. JUST IN: Prince William heartbroken as US interview shows Harry's huge 'resentment' towards him “This is one of the problems with some rather foolish people I think who say you can skip a generation and go to Prince William. “For a change of succession, you would need an Act of Parliament. “Not just in Britain but in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Jamaica, everywhere else and no one wants that.” The expert was responding to years of speculation about whether William will leapfrog his father in the line of succession. In 2011, when the prince married Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, more than half of the UK believed he should be the next King. A Panelbase survey of 2,000 adults found that 59 percent wanted to see the Duke of Cambridge on the throne next. A decade later, with pollsters still posing the King William question to the British public, support for Charles appears to have increased. YouGov’s biannual tracker of between 1632 and 1782 UK adults found in November that father and son were neck and neck in terms of public support, with both men polling at 35 percent on the question of who should succeed the Queen. Despite the discussion of William as the next Sovereign, Mr Bogdanor explained how Charles would succeed the Queen straight away following her death. Asked about when their heir apparent will become King, he said: “Immediately. DON'T MISS: Meghan 'pushes Harry away' after TV kiss as body language expert exposes dramatic moment [LATEST]Anne Boleyn: Historian staggered by uncovered love letters from Henry VIII – 'So uncanny' [INSIGHT]Royal rift POLL: Should Prince William work to resolve the feud with Prince Harry? [ANALYSIS] “The royal standard is never lowered once the Queen is dead because the monarchy continues. He is automatically King. “It is confirmed at the Accession Council and then at the coronation, but there is no statutory requirement for a coronation. “Edward VIII never had one. But Charles becomes king immediately.” In a further insight, Mr Bogdanor explained how the Accession Council, the ceremonial body that oversees successions, will meet. Then Charles will visit different areas of the country in a royal tour of the nation. He said: “The meeting of the Accession Council will take place as soon as possible, which confirms the new King. “He then swears to protect the Church of Scotland. That derives from the Acts of Union with Scotland in 1707. “And he will no doubt, although it is not required, make a speech at the Council and then no doubt in the media that evening. “I think he intends then to visit parts of the country, particularly Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland and will put forward his approach to constitutional monarchy.”