Erik ten Hag hasn’t even got the Manchester United job and yet, already, players are making their feelings known. Some members of the squad are happy that the club are now leaning towards the Ajax boss. Others, though, don’t share the same opinion. According to the Manchester Evening News, United players are divided behind the scenes as Ten Hag moves into pole position to take the job. Some believe they can learn plenty from the 52-year-old, who has worked wonders at Ajax ever since taking over back in December 2017. Yet there are some who believe Ten Hag would be an underwhelming choice for the role, with his CV paling in comparison to other managerial target Mauricio Pochettino. If this is the case, it really does speak volumes about the current state of the squad. United, in their glory years under Sir Alex Ferguson, were exactly that. They were together, a team, ready to listen and follow the orders of their Glaswegian general. But they no longer sing off the same hymn sheet. Instead, they’re a team who are fractured behind the scenes, a shadow of what they used to be. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz It’s not that the players don’t care, of course they do. No footballer ever performs badly on purpose, no matter the manager. Instead, they reek of a spoiled squad, one who want everything their own way and are unwilling to adjust and adapt. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s man-management was widely hailed throughout his time in the dugout, especially when compared to combative predecessor Jose Mourinho. Yet, in hindsight, it seems as though he’s over-indulged this group. Ralf Rangnick is proof of that. Widely respected by the footballing world, his appointment was meant to trigger a change of fortune. Instead, United have somehow got even worse - with Saturday’s 1-1 draw with Leicester a nightmare experience for everybody involved. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players When Rangnick took charge, a United player was more than happy to brief that they hadn’t even heard of the 63-year-old. Given they’re a footballer for one of the biggest teams in the world, and paid more money than most people on the planet, it was a shocking insight into their state of minds. Under Ferguson, United players were more than happy to learn. It was an education course, a route to self-improvement. Yet that culture has changed drastically. Instead, they now mouth off to media outlets when things are going badly - as they have been ever since Ferguson walked off into the sunset nine years ago. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here There are good apples in the squad. Cristiano Ronaldo’s professionalism can never be questioned, while Rangnick has identified Luke Shaw and Scott McTominay as having winners’ mindsets. Yet there are too many who, when the chips are down, don’t know how to bounce back. By making it known some within the club are opposed to Ten Hag, they’re effectively making it about themselves. They should get what they want, in their opinion. But football clubs shouldn’t be ran like that and those who aren’t ready to play ball and follow orders should be shown the door. It’s a good thing that Rangnick is poised to stay on as a consultant. While his managerial skills, or ability to get the best from the United squad, have waned he’d have learnt plenty during his time in the dugout. And if Ten Hag takes over, Rangnick can make it clear from the start who is worth keeping and who should be shown the door. United by name, but not by nature. This summer is shaping up to be the biggest in the club’s recent history and the Red Devils can’t wait for next season to come quick enough. What sort of situation they’re in by then, however, is something only time will tell.