Barcelona are ready to pay a fee in the region of £30million to £35m to land Robert Lewandowski in this summer’s transfer window, according to reports. The Catalan giants want a new striker, despite Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang impressing since his January move from Arsenal. And Lionel Messi is also behind their stance with Bayern Munich 'outraged' by what has been unfolding. Lewandowski’s Bayern Munich future is up in the air at the present moment in time, despite the 33-year-old scoring a stunning 47 goals across all competitions. Barcelona are ready to offer him the three-year contract he wants, with Bayern only prepared to extend his existing deal, which expires in 2023, by a year in comparison. And Sport now claim the Catalan titans are willing to pay a fee in the region of £30m to £35m in order to secure his signature. Bayern, however, believe Barcelona don’t have the finances to make a deal for Lewandowski possible this summer. But they’re still sweating on the future of the Poland international regardless, mindful that he could quit the Allianz Arena to pursue a new challenge elsewhere. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The publication says Lewandowski’s agent and Bayern will hold a meeting this week to talk about the striker’s future. Bayern are also said to be ‘outraged’ by Barcelona’s interest, believing they’re trying to exploit the situation behind the scenes. However, Lewandowski is keen to join Xavi’s team and it’s looking increasingly likely that’ll happen come the end of the campaign. Bayern will try ‘everything possible’ to ensure the former Borussia Dortmund striker sticks, rather than twists. And they’re also beginning to suspect that Lewandowski is using Barcelona to try and get more money from themselves. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here What ultimately happens remains to be seen. But it’ll be fascinating to see what happens with Lewandowski given he’s been one of the most-prolific players in Europe over the past decade. Barcelona believe they need a global star to replace Messi, who departed for Paris Saint-Germain last year. And Lewandowski would fit the bill given everything he’s done over the course of his glittering career. The Bayern veteran may not be the only player who moves to Catalonia this summer as Xavi looks to win La Liga and the Champions League next term. Chelsea duo Cesar Azpilicueta and Andreas Christensen are expected to arrive, with the pair both out of contract this summer. And Barcelona are also targeting Franck Kessie, who is eager to leave AC Milan behind. Xavi was recently asked about the prospect of Barcelona bringing Lewandowski in when the transfer window reopens. Yet he refused to discuss the hitman prior to his side’s 3-2 Europa League defeat to Eintracht Frankfurt on Thursday. “This is not the time. He is a great player, but we have to focus on tomorrow's game,” he said. Bayern chief Oliver Kahn, meanwhile, was adamant Lewandowski wouldn’t be allowed to leave when quizzed on the matter in midweek. “We definitely have Robert with us for another season,” said the former goalkeeper. “We know what we have in him and we're relaxed about it. “Apparently, there's a competition out there: ‘'Who will tell the biggest nonsense story about Robert Lewandowski?'’ Talks will continue. “We are not crazy and we will not be discussing the transfer of a player who scores between 30 and 40 goals with us every season.”