UPDATE: Fortnite developer Epic Games has released update 20.20. According to insiders like Hypex, the new update adds the Ranger Shotgun, which is a single-shot weapon that deals high damage. Unlike regular shotguns, however, the Ranger variant is effective at long range. The latest update seemingly adds multiple Star Wars items back into the game files, most likely in time for Star Wars Day on May 4th. Elsewhere, Epic is said to be working on a level management tool and terrain editor for its Creative mode. Interestingly, The Prowler skin will reportedly be unlocked today (April 19). More to follow... ORIGINAL: Fortnite fans are counting down to the release of the highly-anticipated 20.20 update. Fortnite update 20.20 has an April 19 release date and a 9am BST UK launch time. Of course, like all major Fortnite updates, you'll need to sit through a couple of hours of server downtime on PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X/S, Xbox One, PC, Android and Nintendo Switch. Epic Games will disable matchmaking at 8.30am, before taking the game offline for maintenance at 9am. The news was announced by Epic Games on Twitter, alongside a brief hint about what to expect. "Battle lines continue to shift, the v20.20 update is scheduled for release on April 19th," reads an Epic tweet. "Downtime will begin at 04:00 AM ET, with matchmaking being disabled 30 minutes beforehand." Judging by the tweet, Epic Games is getting ready to tweak the map, as the battle between The Seven and IO continues to reshape the island. Expect some big map changes and updated points of interest when the download drops on April 19. Furthermore, this week marks the release of The Prowler skin, which is this season's bonus unlockable. That's on top of the new 'How Sweet' emote, which joins the item shop following the release of the update. "As part of Lantern Fest 2022, prepare your favourite dish like a pro… or more specifically, Turkish chef CZN Burak! Get the How Sweet! Emote with CZN Burak’s iconic facial expression." You can see the 'How Sweet' emote and the early patch notes below. Express Online will keep this article updated with additional patch notes, so keep checking back for more info.