Selling Sunset season five has just arrived on Netflix and love is definitely in the air. For many of The Oppenheim Group agents, they were exploring new relationships. Emma Hernan and property developer Micah took an interest in each other, but are they together now? Emma Hernan joined the Selling Sunset cast in season four and she became known for her relationship history with Christine Quinn. By the fifth outing, she had proven herself as a fearless and dedicated worker who was out to impress her bosses. She visited one particular house that was being built and took a liking to property developer, Micah. The pair realised they had a lot in common, both admitting they put family before everything. They also shared similar interests in food and hobbies. READ MORE: Piers Morgan in fresh attack on ITV day before return By the end of the series, they started getting up close and personal, with Emma suggesting they would see how things went romantically. She spoke to Today about whether she had met her match with Micah, saying: "I don't want to spill too much." Micah mentioned he was opening a restaurant and mezcaleria, which is now called Sagrado. He sells Emma's empanadas on the menu, so their working relationship still seems to be in order. Micah is on Instagram but he has not given anything away about whether he and Emma are dating. She does not feature in any of his social media posts and they do not appear to be following each other. Emma said in the series: “I feel like I definitely know his intentions and I like that. "I’d rather have him be upfront and honest, and I feel like he’s, you know, not playing around.” Yet in early 2022 she was believed to be single, with a source close to her opening up to Page Six. They said: "Emma is single and loving it, and really busy with her business… She’s a young, attractive woman, [so she’s dating around].” DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ [VIDEO] Why has Maya Vander left The Oppenheim Group? [INSIGHT] Christine Quinn storms out of brokers meeting after Selling Sunset row [VIDEO] With this in mind, it seems the pair may not have worked out romantically. Emma is on Instagram and she has been sharing plenty of updates about her busy working life. She recently hosted a Brokers Open which was attended by her Selling Sunset co-stars. The busy businesswoman is also the CEO of Emma-Leigh & Co and is known for her famous empanadas. As for Micah, his latest Instagram post was of a stunning property in Beverly Hills, California. The home is the same one that featured in season five of Selling Sunset, as it was in the making at the time. One fan commented: "Well this won’t be on the market long! Congrats brother! You are the STAR of Selling Sunset Season 5." He describes himself as a "serial entrepreneur, president and CEO, and hybrid athlete".  Selling Sunset season 5 is on Netflix now.