The Queen’s youngest son and daughter-in-law are the latest members of the Royal Family to embark upon a royal tour. Prince Edward and his wife, Sophie Wessex will visit Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia and St Vincent and the Grenadines on a trip lasting from April 22 to April 28. The tour is organised as part of celebrations for the monarch’s Platinum Jubilee and the air will be responsible for drumming up support for the monarchy. Their trip comes just a short while after Prince William and his wife Kate completed a royal tour dubbed a “charm offensive” that saw them visit three Caribbean nations. In March, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas across an eight-day tenure. However, the couple were met with significant resistance in Jamaica, where there were calls for reparations for slavery and revelations about a move toward becoming a republic. Cele Otnes, a professor of marketing specialising in how the Royal Family brands themselves, claims the Wessexes' upcoming trip shows the Queen is becoming more reliant on her children to bolster the monarchy’s image. She claims William and Kate’s recent trip “didn’t generate the fervour” for the Jubilee that it was expected to drum up, and instead the Queen is turning to the “relatively scandal and misstep-free” members of the Firm for further support. Professor Otnes, co-author of "Royal Fever" told Express.co.uk: “I find it very interesting that the Wessexes are visiting. The Earl is 14th in line to the throne, so in terms of his relevance to the royal succession, it has definitely receded as William and Harry have had five children between them. “But in terms of the relevance of the couple to the royal brand, it seems the trip signals that the Queen is increasingly depending on her children to help fulfil her roles and to build excitement for the Jubilee. READ MORE: Andrew spotted grinning from ear to ear on horse ride after Queen talk “Clearly, William and Kate’s recent Caribbean trip didn’t generate the fervour for that event, or for the Royal Family, that was hoped. “The Wessexes, along with Princess Anne and her family, have been relatively scandal and misstep-free, and it’s significant that they are visiting the Caribbean so soon after William and Kate (even as the visit has been retooled after William and Kate’s visit to avoid similar missteps and blunders, such as restaging the Land Rover ride about). “I think that does display quite a bit of trust in them on the Queen’s part.” Kate and William rode the same Land Rover used by the Queen and Prince Philip during their 1953 trip to Jamaica and many branded the move as “tone deaf”. Photos show the royals standing in the open-top vehicle while waving to spectators as they are driven slowly through a military parade and the pair were criticised for perpetuating “colonial” ideals. DON'T MISS Buckingham Palace receives a lick of paint in preparation for Queen [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan 'will not be given audience' with Dutch king [REVEAL] Queen's action 'removes any danger' of Harry and Andrew duties [REPORT] Princess Anne, the Queen’s only daughter, became the latest royal to embark on a royal tour. On Monday, the Princess Royal touched down in Papua New Guinea for the second leg of a tour that also saw her visiting Australia. The 71-year-old was joined by her husband, Vice-Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence, and her private secretary Charles Davies for the duration of her trip. Over the course of four days, she has reinforced her reputation as the hardest working royal by conducting 20 engagements. Her jam-packed schedule started on Thursday last week following a full day of engagements in Liverpool before she boarded a flight to Sydney at London’s Heathrow. Earlier this week it was also revealed that Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall will be embarking on a royal visit to Canada in May. The couple last visited in 2017, and on their upcoming trip, they will make stop-offs in Newfoundland and Labrador, Ottawa and the Northwest Territories. Further details about the royal couple’s itinerary will be released in due course. Clarence House has yet to comment on whether Charles will visit Harry and Meghan during his trip across the Atlantic. The Prince of Wales and his wife also visited the Republic of Ireland last month as part of a series of tours undertaken by the senior royals this spring.