West Ham have set a timeline on selling Declan Rice this summer with Chelsea and Manchester United looking to seal moves for the midfielder. The England international has turned down a third contract in east London. West Ham have reportedly told prospective buyers for Rice that they will not be selling him this summer - though concede that next year might be his final season at the London Stadium. The England international has been a driving force for David Moyes with his side fighting for European places. The Hammers also find themselves on the brink of a Europa League final this season - a position that they have never been in before. Much of that has been owed to the star quality of Rice. But with the club on the up, they felt that this was the best time to offer the 23-year-old a new contract to ward off interest in his services. However, Rice has turned down the chance to extend his stay at the club and it has opened the door to transfer speculation. Chelsea are long-term admirers of the youngster, who was told by them that he was no longer needed at the age of 14. United are desperate for a defensive midfielder after having a nightmare season and Rice has been identified as one of the best in the business with Premier League experience. But according to The Athletic, West Ham have no intention of selling their prized asset this summer and will stick to their guns no matter what. However, that resilience is likely to shatter next year if the player pushes for a move. But Rice will not come cheap with West Ham valuing him at a staggering £150million, which they hope will be bolstered by a successful World Cup in Qatar this winter. While the Hammers might concede defeat in keeping hold of the player, they are emboldened by his current contract. While Rice might have just two years left on his current deal, there is a clause that will allow the club to extend it by another year. Nevertheless, such a price will likely deter any bidders and it would be a massive shock if the Hammers landed that fee.