Francois Asselineau, a former councillor in Paris, has torn into Emmanuel Macron after it was reported two people had been shot dead at the Pont Neuf, which is in the square du Vert-Galant. Mr Macron's second term as French President took a turn for the worse after the incident occurred just hours after he celebrated his second consecutive victory at the feet of the Eiffel Tower. Mr Asselineau, who received over 330,000 votes in the first round of the 2017 French Presidential Election, said in French on Twitter: "Sinister omen. Macron's second five-year term begins with two people killed for refusing to comply. "It was predictable: the re-election of Macron opens the way to omnipotence and gives wings to the prefect of police to shoot in the crowd. "FRANCE'S TRAGEDY BEGINS." In a second tweet, Mr Asselineau added: "VIOLENCE IN LYON FOR THE NEW FIVE-YEAR. "We have never seen a second round of presidential elections start in such a climate of violence and hatred." JUST IN: Two dead as Paris police open fire while protesters take to streets  Mr Macron will return to the Elysee Palace for another five years after winning his second consecutive contest against the Eurosceptic and far-right leader of National Rally Marine Le Pen. The French President is set to receive 58.8 percent of the vote compared to 41.2 percent for the far-right candidate, according to IPSOS. Mr Asselineau was considered a potential candidate in the first round. However, the Frexit leader was forced to withdraw from the contest after he failed to receive the 500 signatures needed to enter the ballot. Despite the Frexiteer's comment, the 2017 French Presidential Election was marred by riots just hours after polls closed. READ MORE: Protesters hit streets and start 'savage' chant against Macron Protesters, who were said to be fearful a Macron presidency could infringe on workers' rights, demonstrated against the French President and Ms Le Pen. Mr Asselineau's failure to get on the ballot also ensured the debate on Frexit had far less salience than in the 2017 French Presidential Election, which was contested less than a year after the UK voted to leave the Brussels bloc. France has been considered somewhat Eurosceptic in recent years. Even Mr Macron conceded France would "probably" have voted for Frexit in a referendum during an appearance on the BBC in 2018. But Ms Le Pen, who once called herself 'Madame Frexit', has back-peddled from her previous commitment to hold an in-out referendum on EU membership. DON'T MISS:Macron delivers victory speech & claims to be "guardian" of France [VIDEO]Read why Macron's challenger Marine Le Pen admitted defeat [INSIGHT]'Don't want Macron and don't want Le Pen!' French voter exasperated [REACTION] Despite posing a threat to the EU with her stance on Schengen and the supremacy of French law, Ms Le Pen dropped her pledges to take France out of the bloc and instead put forward a remain and reform message. However, Mr Macron still took aim at his Eurosceptic opponent and even alleged Ms Le Pen had a secret plot which would see France follow the UK out of the European Union. He said: "She wants to leave but dare not dare say so, and that's never good." In contrast, Mr Asselineau has voiced support for France to unilaterally withdraw from the European Union. But there is no clear support in France, a nation which helped lay the groundwork for the EU through the Coal and Steel Community alongside Germany in 1951, to leave the bloc. An Institut Français d'opinion Publique survey from 2019, which was taken as the UK Parliament entered a Brexit-induced paralysis, found 60 percent of French people opposed leaving the EU. 