Samson (played by Sam Hall) has become somewhat of a more frequent face in Emmerdale over the last few months, with the youngster seen playing a part in Meena Jutla's (Paige Sandhu) storyline and how he has been harbouring feelings for his friend, Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell). The young man has also undertaken a job at the beauty salon, having discovered he had quite the hand for make-up and hairstyling. However, when he sits down with his father Sam Dingle (James Hooton) in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, he could be set to make another discovery which will change his life forever. The drama continues in next week's episodes as Samson's stepmother, Lydia Dingle (Karen Blick) is left concerned for the youngster. A couple of weeks ago, the teenager lost it with Cathy Hope (Gabrielle Dowling) when she told everyone they were in a relationship. He thought this would impact his chances of having a romance with Amelia so the youngster was furious, to say the least. Reflecting on his actions, he later apologised and the pair agreed to be friends, with his parents proud of how mature the youngster handled the situation. Knowing Samson needs a little more guidance on how to treat women, Lydia decides to ask Sam to have a word with his son. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage As it seems Samson has hit the mature age where he will want to explore his sexuality, she encourages Sam to give their son the talk about the birds and the bees. For someone who is quite awkward, it will be something Sam is not so keen on doing but he knows the importance of the conversation. Along with discussing the intricacies of sex, the father of one could also highlight the fact his son needs to be careful of his own health. Sam could explain it is important Samson checks his testicles regular for any lumps, especially if he is going to be more sexually active. Wanting to prepare himself for having sex, Samson could perform these checks and realise he does have a lump on his testicles. Making an appointment with the GP, Samson could be told he needs to go for further tests to rule out anything suspicious. However, when he receives the results of these investigations, he could be given the diagnosis of testicular cancer. In an instant, the teenager's life would be turned upside down as he knows all too well the impact cancer can have on your life. His mother, Alice Dingle (Ursula Holden-Gill), died when he had just been born as she had been given the diagnosis of Non-Hodgkins Lymphoma. Sam was crushed to discover his wife was terminally ill at the time and he is going to be heartbroken when he realises his son is also ill as he is the last part of Alice he has left. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Paige Sandhu teases Meena’s trial fate in tense scenes [COMMENT]Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT] The youngster will be rushed in for treatment as he would begin a course of chemotherapy and having caught it early, there would be every chance he would make a full recovery. This would highlight the importance of young men checking their testicles on a regular basis as the illness has become more frequent in recent years. According to the NHS website, testicular cancer can be diagnosed in men from the age of 15 all the way up to 49 years of age. For this reason, it is quite an uncommon cancer as it only tends to be found in men who are a lot younger. It accounts for just one percent of all cancers in men and around 2,300 men are diagnosed with this type of cancer each year. Earlier this year, the executive producer for the show, Jane Hudson explained the younger cast were going to be more prominent in future storylines. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, she said: "I think it's really important for the show that we have stories aimed at everybody. "What makes soaps different from a lot of dramas is our reach, which is teens right up to 90 plus. We've got a lot of viewers to keep happy. "This year the likes of Noah, Amelia, Samson, Archie, Cathy and Sarah – you're going to be seeing them much more prominent in the stories because they deal with topics that affect their generation and we see how they handle things. "It's really important that we keep our youngsters coming through because they are our next generation." So, could Samson be about to take on such an important storyline all by himself to raise awareness of testicular cancer? Fans of the show are keen to see more of Samson on-screen in the future, with Victoria writing on Twitter: "Samson is so sweet bless him #emmerdale." Doreen added: "Samson is so lovely - Alice would be proud #Emmerdale." "Oh my God, if only all teenage boys were like Samson, what a lad! #Emmerdale," Caroline commented on the social media platform. Jamie shared: "Incredibly grown up from Samson there. Top lad. Again, the opposite of Noah #Emmerdale." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.