In the weekly Money Saving Expert (MSE) newsletter, Martin Lewis said people have been “raving about it” because it also offers one percent cashback and cheap spending abroad. What’s more, Britons don’t even need to switch their current account to benefit from this competitive rate. When it comes to savings accounts, there isn’t a one-size-fits-all solution. More and more attractive products have been launching onto the market recently providing savers with a wider choice. In his latest MSE newsletter, founder and financial journalist Martin Lewis said for him the “standout is giant US bank JP Morgan's new UK Chase savings paying 1.5 percent AER variable”. It’s an easy access account that also gives one percent cash back and 12 months cheap spending abroad. READ MORE: 30 ways Universal Credit claimants could save on bills and get £1,200 Mr Lewis said: “To get it, just open its free app-based current account (you don't need to switch bank to get it), then just open the savings in the app. “We've been raving about it, as the current account debit card also gives 1 percent cashback for 12 months and cheap spending abroad.” MSE fan Jo emailed: "I moved all of my savings to Chase as my circumstances require instant access to my money. “This will make an extra £480 interest for me this year, plus approx £70 cashback from monthly spending." DON'T MISS:Claim these 7 State Pension top-ups now - see if you're entitled [UPDATE]Man, 77, issues warning after being targeted for £6,000 in scam call [WARNING]Attendance Allowance to be replaced with new DWP benefit [ALERT] She continued: “This means a great deal to me. “I am a pensioner and every penny counts.” JPMorgan Chase launched its new digital bank in the UK under the Chase brand last year. Speaking at the launch, Shaun Port, managing director of savings and investments for Chase in the UK, said savers need flexibility right now. He said: “With the cost of living increasing, we know that consumers want to maximise the interest they can earn with the reassurance of being able to access their savings instantly. “We have designed the Chase saver account to provide our customers with maximum flexibility alongside a competitive rate. “Savers can set up multiple accounts via the Chase app, each with a unique account number, making it easy to organise their savings for specific goals. “There are no fees or charges when customers move money out of their saver accounts, no monthly caps on how much can be saved provided total savings are within the £250,000 limit for all saver accounts.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The Chase account offers: MSE’s weekly Money Tips email has 8.4 million subscribers and is published on Wednesday. The latest Money Tips email can be viewed here. 