Ajax star Dusan Tadic has sent a message to Manchester United players ahead of Erik ten Hag's potential summer arrival. United are understood to have agreed on terms with Ten Hag, which will see him become the club's fifth permanent manager since Sir Alex Ferguson. The Dutchman will reportedly sign a four-year deal at Old Trafford at the end of the season. However, his complete focus is firmly on guiding Ajax to a third league and cup double in five seasons at the helm before riding off into the sunset as one of the club's most successful bosses. On Sunday, Ajax face Eredivisie title rivals PSV Eindhoven in the KNVB Cup final. And Ten Hag's preparation has somewhat been marred by the sheer volume of questions he's fielded about a potential move to United next season. The questioning reached his players in the build-up to the PSV clash, with Tadic having to address Ten Hag's potential exit during his press conference. The Serbian playmaker labelled him 'one of the best managers in the world' and explained that his players 'know what to do on the pitch' under his watch. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick 'understands' Glazers protests "I hope he stays. But he is a fantastic manager, one of the best managers in the world. So then you will fit well," Tadic told reporters ahead of Sunday's final. "Tactically, Erik ten Hag is the best. You will know what to do when you are on the pitch." Tadic's comments will be music to the ears of United fans, who have been calling for a manager to introduce a clear identity for years. The current squad is a mix of players from five different eras, so Ten Hag must arrive and immediately instil his own identity via his play style and recruitment. READ MORE: Police intervene as Man Utd increase security amid Glazer protests As part of the same press conference, the 52-year-old shut down questions about his links with United. And, not for the first time in recent months, insisted he would only talk about Ajax after being asked why he's keeping quiet about his Old Trafford switch. He said: "Because I serve Ajax. We need to win the 2 remaining trophies. You can keep trying to ask me about this, but I am here to talk about Ajax. I am not afraid. I will repeat myself one more time. Do you have questions about the cup final? About Ajax?" Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.