Selling Sunset season five has finally arrived on Netflix and fans have been thirsty for some drama. The new season has seen some brand new faces, as well as some surprising exits. Maya Vander was one of the real estate agents to say goodbye to The Oppenheim Group. Maya's exit may have come as a shock to some viewers, but she has talked about moving on to pastures new for some time. After the release of the fourth season, she discussed the prospect of starting work in Miami, where her family is based. She has since set up her own real estate business, called the Maya Vander Group. She said on her website: “Purchasing a home is the most important investment most people ever make. “So my job is to put their needs first, be as responsive as possible, make myself available whenever they need me, and provide valued-added guidance throughout what can be a complex and stressful time for them.” [Sic] READ MORE: Christine Quinn storms out of brokers meeting after Selling Sunset row The straight-talking agent announced her exit in the fifth season and her colleagues held a special leaving dinner for her. The rest of the agents were full of love for the fan-favourite Maya, who was overwhelmed by the support. Before leaving the LA office, she secured a huge offer on one of Brett Oppenheim's listings in Georgina Avenue. The property was on the market for almost $13 million and Maya revealed she had a potential buyer offering $12.5 million with zero contingencies. Once the deal was done, Maya concluded it was a great way to leave the group.  She told the other agents: "At the end of the day I know I have to take a break from bouncing to LA and I’m gonna miss you guys." Maya added: "LA will always be home. “It is, in a way, closing a chapter and it’s bittersweet. “But at the same time, I’m very excited to focus on what’s really important in life, which is my family.” Maya is married to David Miller and they have two children: Aiden and daughter Elle. DON'T MISS... Selling Sunset's Maya Vander announces exit in heartbreaking scenes [INSIGHT] Knew it was better to stop' Selling Sunset's Mary on Chrishell's split [INTERVIEW] Selling Sunset’s new cast member teases ‘electric’ season 5 [DISCUSSION]  She had been flying back and forth to LA to work and decided to settle down in Miami to be closer to her family. The star recently opened up about her devastating stillbirth, as she had been pregnant with her third child in season five. On December 10, she announced she had a stillbirth 38 weeks into her pregnancy with her son. On Instagram, she said: "What was a regular weekly checkup turned into a nightmare that I never imagine will happen to me. "Given I share my pregnancies in the show I knew I'll have to post about this and avoid the 'when is your due date' question. You will always be in our heart baby Mason." She spoke to Entertainment News about how her Selling Sunset co-stars had supported her. She said: "They always check on me. They text me. They do what they can do to support. "I think they were all shocked and very, very sad for me, and they've been just very supportive. Very, very sweet. All of them." Maya's new business sees her working closely with three other colleagues as she sells luxury properties in the Miami area. Selling Sunset season 5 is on Netflix now.