Saving for retirement can be a challenge at the best of times, but could be even more difficult during the current cost of living crisis. Romi Savova, CEO of PensionBee, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to offer some tips for people attempting to save for the future. Ms Savova commented on the difficulties Britons may be currently facing when it comes to saving. She said: “In the face of the rising cost of living, with inflation reaching a 30-year high (at 6.2 percent), savers may be too preoccupied with managing their daily expenses to make significant contributions towards saving for the future. “This is particularly concerning in light of the Government’s one-year suspension of the state pension triple lock, which means the state pension’s 3.1 percent increase this month is far less than the rise in the cost of living.” However, there are still ways people may be able to put money away for their retirement, even during the cost of living crisis. READ MORE: PIP claim: The full list of freebies and discounts available from DWP - worth thousands Ms Savova explained: “Simple steps such as combining any existing pension savings into one pot can have a noticeable effect on a savers’ eventual retirement income. “Whilst this avoids savers losing out on any hard-earned savings, it also means that they only have to pay one set of fees, rather than multiple fees for various pots, which can erode a pension’s value over time. “They’ll also have full visibility over their retirement savings, enabling them to better plan for the future.” Ms Savova urged Britons to think of retirement saving as a long term goal, and to adjust their contributions when necessary. DON'T MISSTV licence explained: Are you eligible for a £159 refund? How to apply [INSIGHT]‘Future looks bleak!’ Millions of older Britons unable to claim £150 council tax rebate [WARNING]State pension, Universal Credit and PIP payments to rise tomorrow - how much will you get? [BENEFITS] She continued: “Savers must also remember that saving for retirement should be seen as a marathon, not a sprint. “Taking the time to put in place an achievable short-term contribution plan can help keep savers’ on track with their savings journey even in times of greater financial stress. “Savers can balance their contributions by adding more into their retirement savings during times where they have more disposable income.” Those who are closer to retirement may be best served leaving their savings invested for as long as possible, as drawing a pension too early could have consequences down the road. Ms Savova concluded: “While savers can legally access their personal pension from the age of 55 (57 from 2028), it doesn’t mean they always should, particularly in periods of high inflation, such as now. “Leaving a pension invested for just a few years longer can dramatically increase a retirement income. “Before one commits to retiring, a saver should carefully consider if they have any other sources of income besides their pension, and how long they anticipate it to last.” For younger savers, making use of tools such as the Lifetime ISA could prove helpful in boosting retirement savings. The team at Online Money Advisor explained: “The lifetime ISA (LISA) was brought in a few years ago to encourage people under the age of 40 to save for their first time home or retirement. “You can save up to £4,000 a year." This is then supplemented by the Government bonus of 25 percent. The money in a LISA for retirement can be accessed after someone's 60th birthday, and can be taken out completely tax-free to then use for retirement.