Manchester City are still in the driving seat in the race for the Premier League title after drawing 2-2 in a pulsating game with Liverpool at the Etihad. Kevin De Bruyne gave the hosts the lead after just five minutes, but Diogo Jota equalised shortly afterwards. Gabriel Jesus put his side back in front before the break, but a Sadio Mane strike ensured it ended all-square. Here is a look at how the City players involved fared in the thrilling encounter... Ederson - 5 Made an uncharacteristic error to allow Jota's effort to slip under him for Liverpool's first equaliser. Could do little about the second. Kyle Walker - 7 Caught out of position as Liverpool equalised just after half-time. Other than that was as solid as ever both going forward and at the back. John Stones - 7 Made a brilliant tackle to deny Jota near the end of the first-half. A commanding presence throughout. Aymeric Laporte - 6 Should have been tighter to Mohamed Salah as the Egyptian set up Mane for the second equaliser and appeared nervy throughout. City are missing Ruben Dias.  Joao Cancelo - 8 Played a sensational ball for Jesus to finish in the first-half. As Jamie Carragher pointed out in the second-half, "the full-backs aren't defenders anymore, they're playmakers." Rodri - 7 Struggled with Liverpool's high press at times but kept things ticking in the centre. You can see why Pep Guardiola loves him. Bernardo Silva - 7 Played a smart quick free-kick to set up De Bruyne for the opener. Picked up a silly booking but his use of the ball is just masterful. Kevin De Bruyne - 9 (MOTM) At his imperious best, and set the tone with his stinging opening strike after five minutes. Thought he'd set up Raheem Sterling in the second-half with a beautifully weighted pass but the attacker had strayed offside. A wonderful, wonderful player. Gabriel Jesus - 7 A surprise name in the starting XI but he worked his socks off, and finished well from Cancelo's wicked ball from a tight angle. Selfishly blasted into the side netting in the second-half when he had better options. Replaced with Jack Grealish on 83 minutes. Phil Foden - 5 Struggled to make an impact following his heroics against Benfica. A disappointing display given how much was expected of him. Raheem Sterling - 4 Quiet for the majority of the encounter, and had the fewest touches of any player. Thought he'd come back to haunt his former side when he coolly slotted home from a De Bruyne through ball but was clearly offside. Replaced by Riyad Mahrez with 15 minutes to go. Riyad Mahrez (75 for Sterling) - 6 Was lively when he came on and did his best to make things happen. Hit the post with a brilliant late free-kick and also had a chance to win it at the death but chipped over. Jack Grealish (83 for Jesus) - 5 Didn't have enough time to make an impact on the game. Will be desperately disappointed not to have started.