The Duchess of Cambridge has been constantly praised for keeping a fine balance between her royal duties and her children. A royal source said that her approach has always been “strategic” and “methodical”.  They added: “Everything is all part of a long-term plan that she and William have worked out together. “Her royal career has been built in an unprecedented way, upon the need to have space for parenting.” The royal insider told the Evening Standard: “There was criticism in the early days of their marriage when they were said not to be doing enough, whereas in fact they were pursuing a different strategy, with the entire agreement of the Queen and Prince Charles.” The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge send children George and Charlotte to Thomas's Battersea school in south-west London, while Louis is a pupil of Willcocks Nursery School in Kensington, situated close to Kensington Palace.   It has been reported that William and Kate have been seen visiting the children’s school “multiple times”, with William even chatting to one pupil about Latin classes. Royal expert Ingrid Seward has also revealed that Kate is very deliberate with the work she takes on and will only do it if she feels she can “make a difference”. She compared Kate to a young Princess Elizabeth in that she “has always known her destiny and is ready for it now”. Katie Nicholl, the author of Kate The Future Queen, has been on several tours with the Duchess and said the mum struggles being away from her family. READ MORE: Charles and Camilla's 'LOVE CHILD' unveils new 'undeniable proof'  Speaking to Closer magazine, Ms Nicholl said: “Kate wants to be modern, she wants to be hands-on, she wants to be present.” The royal expert also revealed Kate had previously described it as “difficult” to leave her children behind on previous tours such as when they went to Bhutan in 2016. Ms Nicholl added: “Despite being the Duchess of Cambridge and being able to afford around-the-clock nannies and so on, she had her mum looking after Prince George and Princess Charlotte, which struck me as just really normal. DON'T MISS:Zelensky warns Borodyanka killings ‘much more horrific’ than BuchaGerman Chancellor slammed over delay in sending high-end tanks70 firemen on site as ‘half a car dealership alight'