Manchester City star Phil Foden could not hide his regret at not adding to the scoreline in Manchester City's exhilarating 4-3 win over Real Madrid on Tuesday night - with the Stockport-born star claiming that his side should have scored more to give themselves a huge chance ahead of their return leg in Madrid in a week's time. City raced into a 2-0 lead after just 10 minutes after goals from Kevin de Bruyne and Gabriel Jesus made east Manchester roar into life against the La Liga leaders. However, moments of class by Karim Benzema - twice - and Vinicius Junior meant that a header by Foden and an absolute piledriver from Bernardo Silva only gives City a one-goal advantage ahead of their trip to the Santiago Bernabeu next week. Pep Guardiola's men will still relish the tie in the Spanish capital, and they will progress if they do not concede against Carlo Ancelotti's side in arguably the biggest game in the club's history for over a year. But Foden was rather blase about the game, admitting that City are likely to be gutted at the fact they won't have much security ahead of next Wednesday's clash. "For the fans watching it was obviously a great game of football," Foden said to BT Sport. "We are playing a side that have won the Champions League many times, and if we give the ball away they are going to punish us.  "It is something we need to work on in the second leg. The tie is still on. It was a great game, end to end. We started really well and could have killed them off. In these games, we need to take more chances." Silva was alongside him, and the Portugal star scored arguably the goal of the night with a left-footed rocket that stunned Thibaut Courtois to temporarily send the Etihad Stadium into raptures. He was slightly more upbeat than Foden, lauding his team's efforts in the first 20 minutes as City took control of the tie. But he also echoed the Englishman's thoughts somewhat by admitting City could not take control of the two-goal advantage that they held three times throughout the game. "I honestly think for the first 20 minutes we were so, so good," Silva said.  "The way we pressed, the way we controlled the game and created chances. Over the 90 minutes it felt like we could have won by a better score. Unfortunately we were not able to take advantage of our two-goal differences that we had three times. "It is the Champions League, we play one of the best teams in the world. It is still a good result. On to the next game. "It was a good game. Our fans should be proud of us and the work we did. We could have scored more but this football. They took their chances. The penalty came out of nowhere. We were controlling the game. We were a bit unlucky." 