The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has just released its latest report looking at the devastating impacts of climate change, and how countries can take action to limit global warming to 1.5°C by 2030. The report released today focuses on the mitigation of widespread climate disasters.  In a video speech, Secretary-General of the United Nations, Antonio Guterres warned of large scale extinction threats being faced by billions of animals and plant species due to climate change caused by human activities. He said: "The jury has reached a verdict, and it is damning. "This report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is litany of broken climate promises. "It is a file of shame, cataloguing the empty pledges that put us on track for an unlivable world. We are on a fast track to climate disaster" While the report paints a stark picture, the scientists noted that it is not too late to limit global warming to 1.5°C by 2030. The report estimated that at the present trajectory, humanity is on track to exceed 3°C of global warming by 2030, which is more than double the 1.5°C limits agreed in 2015 at COP21 in Paris. Mr Gutteres warned of the terrifying impacts of climate change, adding: "Major cities underwater, unprecendent heat waves, terrifying storms, widespread water shortages, the extinction of a million species of plants and animals- this is not fiction or exaggeration. "This is what science tell us will resolve from our current energy policies." READ MORE: Malaria warning: Deadly disease could be heading BACK to UK The report warns that in order to stave off the worst impacts of climate change, global emissions of CO2 need to reach peak levels within three year. This report does provide good news, with the summary noting that humanity can limit global warming to 1.5 C in a "viable and financially sound manner", Mr Guterres notes. He added: “Climate activists are sometimes depicted as dangerous radicals. But the truly dangerous radicals are the countries that are increasing the production of fossil fuels. “Investing in new fossil fuels infrastructure is moral and economic madness.” DON'T MISS: New mutant 'XE' Omicron variant could be most transmissible yet [REPORT] Putin humiliated as Britain refuses Russia's plan to boost economy [REVEAL] World War 3 risk ‘high’ as China, North Korea and Iran exploit West [INSIGHT]  Given that the report has to be agreed upon line by line by scientists and government officials around the world, including from countries that are major exporters of oil and gas, it is rare that an IPCC report directly points fingers that the energy transition. However, Prof Myles Allen, Professor of Geosystem Science, University of Oxford and Director of the Oxford Net Zero initiative, believed that the report could have gone further. She said: “Once again, the fossil fuel industry has played a blinder. "At a time of rising carbon dioxide emissions, record profits, and a rush to license new oil and gas fields, all the headlines around the latest IPCC report are about how “we” are going to have to change our behaviour and pay to scrub carbon dioxide back out of the atmosphere. READ MORE: Antarctica mystery as bizarre anomaly recorded in frozen continent  "How about “they” – the industry – need to stop selling products that cause global warming – by safely and permanently disposing of all carbon dioxide generated by their activities and products by 2050? "This would, of course, increase their costs – but gradually and predictably over the next 30 years by slightly less than their profits have increased over the past 9 months. "Of course, the IPCC can’t say this, but that doesn’t make it any less true.” THIS IS A BREAKING STORY. READ MORE TO FOLLOW. 