Yorkshire Shepherdess Amanda Owen, 47, has broken her silence after many of her social media followers have been left questioning her husband Clive Owen’s whereabouts. The couple are beloved by Channel 5 viewers after numerous joint appearances on their family’s show, Our Yorkshire Farm. However, some eagle-eyed fans have noticed that Clive hasn’t appeared in any of Amanda’s Instagram and Twitter videos lately.  Amanda shared a clip of the “moorland dawn chorus” at Ravenseat yesterday, alongside the caption: “Early birds. A moorland dawn chorus. #yorkshire #shepherdess #spring #birds.”  In the video, the shepherdess told fans: “Well behind me you can see my yow with a new set of twins, but it’s the birds who are so noisy this morning.  “You can hear all sorts, grouse, snipe, lapwing, it’s beautiful!” READ MORE... Prince Harry in 'fit of pique' after royal snub says Loose Women star  However, one of Amanda’s 194,000 followers wasn’t paying attention to the birds chirping, and was more concerned about why her other half wasn’t present in the clip.    Twitter user mahedleyuk_mark wrote: “Why doesn’t your husband ever appear on these be great to see him.”    It wasn’t long before Amanda hit back at the question, insisting that Clive just prefers to stay off social media.    The mum-of-nine simply penned in response: “Because if you don’t wish to be on social media then that’s your choice.”  mahedleyuk_mark went on to explain his query, replying: “Of course it is just thought it be nice as he plays a major part in the programme. “Great programme btw.”(sic) Amanda uses her social media pages to give her followers updates about the goings-on at the family’s now-famous Ravenseat Farm. Her and Clive’s nine children and their many animals often feature in the clips she shares on Twitter, but their father hasn’t been filmed in recent months. DON'T MISS:Free and naked Britney bares it all on Instagram [PICS]Alison Hammond admits she got 'slated' for shouting at Meghan Markle [COMMENT]Rod Stewart in rare pic with sons as Penny talks life before kids [INSIGHT] In response to a photo of her children with one of their cows, Instagram user ge.mma2469 wrote: “What a glorious sky, you all have a good day, please show a ho of Clive with children.”(sic)  Another one of Amanda’s Instagram followers commented: “Lovely photos but where is your husband would be nice to see some of him in the pictures.”  Alansewn also wrote: “All the best girl....how is hubby now.”  “Still never see your hubby on pics with you,” nickhill8391 mused.  Amanda previously explained that there is little room for romance in her marriage with Clive, due to their busy lives "shovelling s***" on the farm. "I don't think either of us are! I don't think it's in our make-up," the star told OK! Magazine.  She added: "Clive will serve afternoon tea and change nappies, I'll shear sheep and shovel s**t."  The TV personality continued: "It is hard work being a farmer and I will do everything it takes to provide for my family.  "That means having a lot of fingers in a lot of pies in order to make a living."  Amanda and her family, including husband Clive and their nine kids, Raven, Reuben, 17, Miles, 15, Edith, 12, Violet, 10, Sidney, nine, Annas seven, Clemmie and Nancy, four, have been rising to fame over the last five years after their Channel 5 show Our Yorkshire Farm became a nationwide hit.