Ian Wright would like to see Liverpool win the Premier League title this season in front of their home fans. Liverpool ended a 30-year wait for a top-flight title in the 2019/20 season. However, the COVID-19 pandemic meant supporters were unable to watch the closing stages of the season and witness the crowning of Jurgen Klopp's side. The Reds are in a good position to make it two triumphs in the space of three seasons this term. They beat Watford 2-0 on Saturday to move above Manchester City to the top of the table. Speaking ahead of the match, Arsenal legend Wright claimed City will prioritise winning the Champions League this season and says that could play into the hands of their rivals. “I think Man City fans wouldn’t have a problem with someone being rested [in the Premier League] if that was the case, because they want the Champions League,” Wright said on The Kelly & Wrighty show. READ MORE: Man Utd can break a curse with Antony shirt number as ‘Erik ten Hag plots move’  “Liverpool fans would be delighted with that. Liverpool fans have won the Champions League now, they’ve done it and they’ve done it a couple of times. “I would like Liverpool to be able to win the Premier League so their fans can see it at Anfield. I’d like that to happen for them.” Diogo Jota and Fabinho scored as Liverpool ran out 2-0 winners over Watford. Writing in the official match programme, Klopp says his team are "journey hunting" as they go in search of more silverware after already winning the Carabao Cup this season. DON'T MISSMan Utd likely to do four things in potential Erik ten Hag announcement [COMMENT]Erik ten Hag 'will take Antony to Man Utd' if made manager as double transfer plan emerges [REPORT]Mo Salah will do 'everything on his part' to join Barcelona as Liverpool issue 'threat' [GOSSIP]  Klopp wrote: "That’s what we’ve given ourselves. A real chance. And that’s fantastic. “I’d have to check but I’m pretty sure it was the start of the campaign when I wrote about a comment I’d heard from a supporter which I really liked. It was that the phrase ‘glory hunter’ can often be tagged to those drawn to following certain clubs. "The point was with Liverpool it’s different. It’s not ‘glory hunting’, it’s ‘journey hunting’. And I think this sentiment matters more today than at any point.  “It is about the journey and we are on it. This shouldn’t be twisted to suggest a specific destination either – I don’t mean a specific target." Liverpool are back in action on Tuesday when they visit Benfica in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here