Prince Harry will be joined by his wife Meghan Markle, the Duchess of Sussex, at the Invictus Games in The Hague, a spokesperson for the couple has now confirmed. The Invictus Games will be taking place from April 16 to 22, and royal fans will undoubtedly be eager to see the Sussexes out and about at the famous sporting event.  The Invictus Games is an international sporting event for wounded, injured and sick military personnel, and it has been delayed in recent years due to the COVID-19 pandemic. As the founder of the Invictus Games, Harry will undoubtedly be delighted to see the event return, as it is known to hold a special place in his heart as a veteran himself. But the sporting event is also particularly poignant for Harry and Meghan as a couple, and it played a key part in their early relationship. Five years ago at the 2017 Invictus Games, Meghan made her first appearance at an official engagement attended by Harry.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry to get armed protection from state police Meghan had confirmed to Vanity Fair in 2017, shortly before her Invictus Games appearance, that she and Harry were "really happy and in love". Meghan told the publication: "We’re a couple. We’re in love. I’m sure there will be a time when we will have to come forward and present ourselves and have stories to tell, but I hope what people will understand is that this is our time." So on September 24, 2017, royal fans were delighted when Meghan was among the crowds at the opening ceremony of the Invictus Games in Toronto, Canada, the country where Meghan used to live while she was starring in the US TV drama Suits. Harry and Meghan were seated apart at that event, but at the wheelchair tennis event the following day, the couple were spotted holding hands.   Harry and Meghan were thought to have been quietly dating for the last year before they made their public debut at the Games. But after their public appearance together, rumours abounded that an engagement announcement was on the cards. Sure enough, news of their impending nuptials swiftly followed in November 2017, with the Duchess-to-be debuting a stunning diamond engagement ring from her new fiance to the world's press. The central diamond of her three-stone trilogy ring was sourced from Botswana, where Harry and Meghan had visited and camped out under the stars during the early stages of their relationship.  DON'T MISS:Prince Charles continues Prince Philip's legacy with poignant speech [INSIGHT]Best pictures of Princess Anne's royal tour so far [PICTURES]The Queen received £66m necklace as wedding gift - 'Extraordinary' [ANALYSIS] The ring's two other diamonds were also poignantly selected from the jewellery collection of Harry's late mother, Princess Diana. Shortly after they married in May 2018, Meghan and Harry appeared once again at the Invictus Games in Sydney, Australia that year. And the world was delighted to find out that Meghan was expecting the couple's first child Archie around this time. So with so many happy memories associated with the Invictus Games, Harry and Meghan will no doubt be looking forward to their trip to The Hague later this week. 