Blood pressure is determined both by the amount of blood your heart pumps and the amount of resistance to blood flow in your arteries. The more blood your heart pumps and the narrower your arteries, the higher your blood pressure with early symptoms being nosebleeds, warn experts. According to studies, nosebleeds are becoming an early warning symptom of hypertension. Most of the time, nosebleeds can be simply caused by trauma to the nose or picking of the nose. However, there are signs that can indicate that there is a more severe cause. READ MORE: Pfizer fourth booster vaccine: Three side effects to expect from fourth dose - new trial Nosebleeds, or epistaxis, generally are not symptoms of high blood pressure. However, there’s still debate whether people with high blood pressure get more frequent or severe nosebleeds. Whether high blood pressure causes an increased risk of nosebleeds remains a topic of debate.  In one Korean study published in JAMA Otolaryngology Head & Neck Surgery, researchers studied 35,749 people, average age 52, with hypertension, and matched them to a control group of 35,749 with normal blood pressure. They tracked spontaneous nosebleeds in each group which included nosebleeds not caused by trauma, surgery or disease and followed them over a period of 14 years. Patients with high blood pressure had a 47 percent increased risk for nosebleed, and their bleeding was more severe. They were 2.7 times as likely to be treated in an emergency room, and more than four times as likely to require nasal packing, a procedure in which a device is inserted into the nasal passage and then inflated to expand and stanch the bleeding. The reason for the association is not known, but the authors suggest that chronic damage to the blood vessels caused by hypertension may lead to bleeding. In one Korean study published in JAMA Otolaryngology Head & Neck Surgery, researchers studied 35,749 people, average age 52, with hypertension, and matched them to a control group of 35,749 with normal blood pressure. They tracked spontaneous nosebleeds in each group which included nosebleeds not caused by trauma, surgery or disease and followed them over a period of 14 years. Patients with high blood pressure had a 47 percent increased risk for nosebleed, and their bleeding was more severe. They were 2.7 times as likely to be treated in an emergency room, and more than four times as likely to require nasal packing, a procedure in which a device is inserted into the nasal passage and then inflated to expand and stanch the bleeding. The reason for the association is not known, but the authors suggest that chronic damage to the blood vessels caused by hypertension may lead to bleeding. Lifestyle changes to help lower your reading include: