Holly Willoughby, 41, shared today a heartwarming post in honour of her daughter, Belle, who turns 11 years old today. The This Morning star took to Instagram, where she enjoys a following of 7.7 million, to wish her middle child a happy birthday. The photograph featured Belle on board a boat looking into the distance as the sunset on the horizon. Holly penned: “Happy birthday beautiful Belle… “We love you so much… let’s see what 11 brings…” Holly also added a string of emojis to the caption, including a birthday cake, a dog and a butterfly. Fans of the TV presenter took to the comment section to join the proud mum in her well-wishes. Kicks.count wrote: “Happy birthday Belle! I hope you have a wonderful day. “From what I remember 11 is a great age.” Trish_caffery64 added: “Happy birthday Belle. Have the best birthday and enjoy to the max. “I remember when you was in your mums belly.” (sic) Gailmb64 penned: “Birthday wishes sent to your little lady Belle. “May she have a fabulous eleventh year.” Holly and her husband Dan Baldwin share three children, sons Harry, 11, and Chester, five, as well as nine-year-old daughter Belle. DON'T MISS...Johnny Depp's best friend sobs in court over Amber Heard abuse case [LATEST]Victoria Beckham dressed celeb pals at Brooklyn's wedding [UPDATE]Danni Menzies reignites row with viewer over 'hooker outfit' swipe [INSIGHT] The couple tied the knot in 2007 and have kept their private life out of the spotlight. However, Holly has previously spoken out about her family and becoming a mother. Despite being one of ITV’s most recognisable faces and an accomplished writer, Holly admitted that being a mother is her "most favourite job". Holly told HELLO!: "All I ever wanted to do was to be a mum. "It wasn't like when I was at school I thought, 'Oh, I'm going to be this big career girl'. "Being a mummy is definitely my most favourite job of all, without a shadow of a doubt." Holly previously explained that both working mums and stay-at-home mums “get a tough time”. She added to Closer: "You just have to do what's right for you and not listen to what the mummy brigade say."