Rio Ferdinand has vented his frustrations at Manchester United's defenders after their shambolic 4-0 loss to Liverpool on Tuesday - with particular criticism being given to Harry Maguire, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Diogo Dalot.  United mustered just one shot on target, two corners and 28 per cent possession at Anfield as the home side treated Ralf Rangnick's men like they were a youth team. A tenth win from 11 games for Liverpool was almost inevitable before kick-off, such is the gulf in form between the two sides. And with a 5-0 win at Old Trafford earlier in the season, Liverpool inflicted more humiliation upon their rivals to open up a 22-point gap between the two sides with five games still to go in the season. It is a far cry from United sides of old, especially ones that included Ferdinand at the back alongside stars such as Nemanja Vidic and Laurent Blanc. And the London-born hero has torn into United's defensive stars for their poor performance against the league's best attack. "The whole team were a shambles," Ferdinand said on his FIVE podcast. READ MORE: Three players Arsenal can sign to fix issue Ian Wright has picked out  "Defensively, every goal you can pick out and go 'what was he doing?'. Every single one of the players, you go 'oh my god, seriously where are you?' "No awareness of runners, no awareness of people or players. The two full-backs, [Aaron] Wan-Bissaka and [Diogo] Dalot were not following their men. [Harry] Maguire was in no man's land, not tight to the striker and not covering the run, in the middle of nowhere. "People getting run off in midfield, it is just...it isn't good enough. People can go 'oh, you can't pick them out'. Listen, you cannot hide from the fact that it was an embarrassment yesterday." DON'T MISS  United won the Premier League six times whilst Ferdinand was at the club. That, alongside one Champions League title and two League Cup winner's medals, ensured United were one of the best teams in the world at the time. At present, however, they are miles off their former pace. 