Britney Spears, 40, put her “small belly” on display last night as she modelled a series of outfits. The Toxic singer, who revealed she was expecting a baby on Monday, shared a new video on Instagram showing off her pregnancy. The clip, which was made up of shorter clips of the pop star wearing different outfits, was shared in view of her 40.6 million followers. Some of the ensembles featured crop tops that exposed her stomach. Britney captioned the post: “So I have to model my clothes now before I really start showing… “I had to do the flower on my neck like @sarahjessicaparker… READ MORE: Kaleb Cooper breaks silence on being branded a 'sell-out' “I actually do have a small belly here but at least my pants fit… Well barely !!! “Psss is anyone curious why I’m 4 sizes smaller by the door???” Fans of the Womanizer hitmaker rushed to the post’s comment section to once again congratulate her on the baby news. Framingbritneyspears wrote: “You are so gorgeous!!! XO so many congratulations!! Sending you love && light, Britney!” Ashleypitzer_ commented: “Save all your clothes !! These are brand new !! Can’t wait to see that baby bump.” Alfredo_lewis typed: “Congrats Brit! So happy for you girl!” Britney recently announced she is expecting a child with fiancé Sam Asghari and teased that she could be having twins. The pop star admitted she initially thought she was gaining weight before taking a pregnancy test. DON'T MISS...Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan 'struggling' on how Boris Johnson can survive after fine [ANALYSIS]Gilbert Gottfriend dies aged 67 following a 'long illness' [LATEST] The singer shared a photo of some pink flowers on a table and wrote: “I lost so much weight to go on my Maui trip only to gain it back… “I thought ‘Geez… what happened to my stomach???’ My husband said ‘No you’re food pregnant silly !!!’ "So I got a pregnancy test… and uhhhhh well… I am having a baby… 4 days later I got a little more food pregnant It’s growing !!! If 2 are in there … I might just loose it.” Britney also opened up about her struggle with perinatal depression - a mood disorder that can occur during and after pregnancy. She continued: “It’s hard because when I was pregnant I had perinatal depression … “I have to say it is absolutely horrible… women didn’t talk about it back then… “Some people considered it dangerous if a woman complained like that with a baby inside her. But now women talk about it everyday. “Thank Jesus we don’t have to keep that pain a reserved proper secret.”