Michael Jackson's marriage with Lisa Marie Presley was a surprise to everyone. Not only did the tight-lipped couple get engaged and married in secret, her mother, Priscilla Presley, was not even aware of their nuptials. It was an unconventional relationship throughout. After enjoying dating behind closed doors for some time, Michael proposed to Lisa Marie over the phone. And on May 26, 1994, the couple married in the Dominican Republic. Once their marriage was made public Michael and Lisa Marie were frequently grilled on whether their relationship was genuine. Oprah Winfrey quizzed them over their time together, prompting them to say they were "really in love" before giggling through questions about their sex life. Once harder-hitting interview with Diane Sawyer even saw them being grilled over whether they had sex. To silence the critics, Michael and Lisa Marie put on a united and naked front in a public display in the music video for the King of Pop's 1995 single You Are Not Alone. In the music clip, Lisa Marie joined Michael almost entirely nude, demonstrating to the world just how in love and comfortable they were with one another. And Jermaine Jackson has backed up their claims. Jermaine wrote about the video in his 2012 biography You Are Not Alone: Michael: Through a Brother's Eyes. He said: "I laughed at media suggestions that they were ‘faking it’ because we all knew in the family the intensity of their relationship and how they always wanted to be together." The former Jackson 5 member went on to describe Michael's love for Elvis Presley's only child. He said: "Michael’s joy couldn’t have been faked. The intimacy you see in the video for You Are Not Alone was art imitating life; a sweet glimpse as to how easy they were with one another and how they liked to laugh." Jermaine even revealed how well the family got on with Michael's first-ever wife. READ MORE: Michael Jackson apologised for 'stealing' his biggest hit single At the time there were rumours that the wider Jackson family did not approve of Michael's marriage. This was likely because their relationship, engagement and marriage happened so quickly. But Jermaine wrote: "Reports that we ‘loathed’ our brother’s new wife could not have been further from the truth: she was only ever embraced and there was never one iota of doubt that she had Michael’s best interests at heart." He even added that Lisa Marie grew particularly close with Michael's sisters, Janet Jackson and Rebbie Jackson. DON'T MISS...Michael Jackson: Paris 'tours with AEG despite wrongful death lawsuit' [NEWS]Michael Jackson behind stage mess forced him to 'put his foot down' [INFO]'Michael Jackson was nothing like Prince!' Legendary musician compares [INSIGHT] Jermaine said: "When my sisters spent time with Lisa Marie and heard her speak about Michael, they always came away saying the same thing: ‘That girl is crazy about him!'" But all good things must come to an end. Michael and Lisa Marie split up at the beginning of 1996, citing "irreconcilable differences". It was later revealed that Michael and Lisa Marie disagreed over having children. He wanted them as soon as possible, she didn't. Before the end of 1996, on November 16, Michael married Debbie Rowe, an assistant to the star's dermatologist Dr Arnold Klein. Debbie was willing to have Michael's children and later gave birth to Prince Jackson and Paris Jackson, Michael's first two children. Despite their split, Lisa Marie confessed she was "devastated" by the star's death in 2009. Michael died of a heart attack on June 25, 2009. Lisa Marie later said she "cried all day" when Michael died - before she had even heard about his death. She said: "I was crying all day. It was the strangest day of my life." Hours later, she received a text message from John Travolta who broke the news to her. She recalled: "I was floored. Honestly floored." SOURCE / SOURCE