Manchester United have reportedly ruled out RB Leipzig's Amadou Hiadara as a transfer target over the summer window, despite Ralf Rangnick's recommendations earlier in his tenure. Instead, club chiefs at Old Trafford reportedly want to sign a central midfielder who has a similar physique and size to Nemanja Matic.  Back in January, United were linked with Haidara as their midfield problems in the current season became apparent. With Paul Pogba out of contract in the summer and Donny van de Beek failing to hit the heights expected of him since his move to the northwest, United were supposedly in the hunt for the Malian star to plug the gap. But a move didn't materialise despite Rangnick's best efforts, and ultimately United continued the season with their current contingent - before Van de Beek was moved on loan to Everton. Rumours have resurfaced since ahead of the summer transfer window, with former Leipzig director Rangnick set to make radical changes ahead of the new season. But further publications have now claimed that Haidara is not the profile of midfielder that United are after with a taller, more physical candidate instead preferred. Sky report that alongside a new striker being in the pipeline, United are looking for a central midfielder. READ MORE: Liverpool 'exploring Raphinha transfer' despite signing Luis Diaz due to Leeds clause But with Serbian star Matic, 33, out of contract next summer, the club are looking to sign someone similar. Declan Rice, Kalvin Phillips and Franck Kessie have been sounded out as potential enforcements, although a deal for any of the trio looks unlikely. Deals were bandied about in the winter window, but with Rice and Phillips likely to cost extortionate fees and Kessie set to move to Barcelona, United may need to look elsewhere if they are to be successful in their hunt for a new man. Rangnick previously criticised the actions of Manchester United's transfer team, praising those of bitter rivals Manchester City and Liverpool. “It’s a question of continuity and consistency, knowing exactly how I want to play as a club and a manager,” he said. “Having a clear transfer strategy and signing players who fit into that system. That’s what both clubs have been doing in the last five or six years. DON'T MISS  “If I look at their [City and Liverpool's] transfer policy and their transfer success, they haven’t had many players who after one or two years people would have said maybe that wasn’t the right signing. Both clubs have been pretty successful and this is where Manchester United have to go again." Matic has made 183 appearances for the Red Devils, although he has failed to win a trophy in that time. It will be hoped by United fans that his successor will at least taste some form of success in terms of accolades.