While most people couldn’t imagine taking a job as a traffic warden, dealing with abuse and handing out hefty fines all day, one ‘parking enforcement officer’ has spoken out about how much they enjoy what they do while putting up with the British public. The warden said they actually enjoy doling out parking tickets and don’t have any sympathy for drivers who have parked incorrectly. They explained: "I get dropped off in busy areas by my boss when my shift starts. “We know where and when drivers park illegally - and yes we do target you. "If I am on an early shift I’m dropped off in the school areas. READ MORE: Drivers risk failing MOT for having rear-view mirror accessories They added: “We get so many complaints about parents and their rubbish parking that we have to patrol the areas. "We do target specific schools - so when complaints are phoned in, the school goes on our target list." The warden also revealed that there aren’t many excuses drivers can make to get them out of a ticket, saying: "The lies people tell to get out of a fine are pretty shocking. "You get the sob stories all the time: “I’m running late!” or “I left something at home! DON'T MISS Driver clocked at 'ridiculous' 148mph [SHOCKING] Electric car drivers do not have enough chargers [REVEAL] New Toyota GR86 sells out in 90 minutes – affordable sports car [INSIGHT] “Then there are those who even claim a relative has died." Churchgoers aren’t spared the warden’s wrath either, with praying for forgiveness likely to do little. The warden said: "Residents' areas near places of worship on Sunday mornings are another hot spot for us. They might be God-fearing folk inside church, praying and singing, but outside their cars are all over the place. "It’s the same with those who go to mosques – they park where they like too." For those considering a switch to the much maligned profession, the warden had some encouraging news. They said: "Life as a traffic warden is sweet. I work 37.5 hours a week. "Four years ago I found myself in a crap job working stupidly long hours earning silly money. That’s why I applied for a job with the local council. "(But) contrary to what the public thinks, I am NOT incentivised to issue tickets. If I were I’d be a millionaire." It appears that once a ticket is issued there’s little a driver can do to get a warden to change their mind. The officer told The Sun: "People try and get out of a parking ticket. But once it is issued I cannot cancel it. "I’ve had people hand it back to me, I’ve had one stuck on my back, another ripped up in front of me. People get very angry because they’ve messed up and parked in the wrong place. "The worst offenders for illegal parking are men. That’s down to arrogance and laziness. When they get a ticket though, many take a, “it’s a fair cop, guv” attitude. "The worst for abuse? It’s women – they can be bloody vicious."