Minister for Brexit Opportunities and Government Efficiency Jacob Rees-Mogg has asked for all office staff that can, to return to their office-based civil service roles to ease the backlog of passports and driving licences. While attending a St George’s Day parade, the Member of Parliament spoke to GB News about what should happen next. Disgruntled holiday lovers and new drivers are currently waiting up to months for their passport or licence to arrive due to a severe backlog. According to the Home Office, passport renewal demand is at an "all-time high" with delays more likely than ever. Running alongside this, the Home Office urges Britons to plan ahead for their travel. Rees-Mogg has also expressed his concerns and feels it could be eased with people returning to the office to work. Read More: ‘I switched off!’ BBC backlash as viewers blast Ros Atkins show ‘Not what we expect’  A GB News reporter asked the MP: "I've seen that you have been putting some notes in your civil servant offices encouraging them to come back from working from home. "Tell me a little about that?" With many companies still offering remote or blending working situations, the MP said he feels some roles are too vital to be performed at home. Rees-Mogg replied: "There is certainly a place for working from home. "It works in some instances, but I know people are having difficulties getting government services. "Getting driving licenses from DVLA, [and] delays with some passports." With many angry travellers taking to social media and some contacting their local MP, Rees-Mogg offered some advice. He added: "We need people whose jobs are dependent on being in the office back in the office. DON’T MISS…Owain Wyn Evans husband: Who is the BBC Breakfast star married to? [LATEST]Esther McVey in pop at Harry and Meghan ‘What happened to Netflix - lost 200k subscribers'[LATEST]Prince Charles ‘at end of tether’ with Harry and ‘was not happy’ about meeting with Queen [LATEST]  "The rest of the country is getting back to normal, and I am encouraging the civil service to do the same." Part of the delay for British passports is thought to be partly associated with an increased return to largely restriction-free international travel. Earlier in the year, numerous new motorists were told their wait could be as long as 12-weeks for driving licence renewal, which was easily exceeded for some.  The DVLA tweeted in February to combat the number of questions and complaints they were getting to assure current drivers that they could continue to drive. They said: "If you're waiting for your driving licence to be renewed, you may be able to continue to drive as long as: “You are fit and healthy. "A doctor or optician hasn't told you not to drive.” Section 88 of the Road Traffic Act 1988 may allow drivers to continue driving even though “you do not hold a current driving licence”.  . 