Better Call Saul season six makes its AMC and Netflix debut this week, much to the delight of fans. The final outing of the Breaking Bad spin-off will air with a padded 13 episodes instead of the usual 10. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is joining the cast along with Bob Odenkirk and Rhea Seehorn. One of the biggest surprises for the final season was the news that Breaking Bad star Bryan Cranston would be reprising his role. Better Call Saul co-creator Peter Gould announced the news at PaleyFest LA. He said: "I don’t want to spoil things for the audience, but I will say the first question we had when we started the show was, ‘Are we gonna see Walt and Jesse on the show?’ "Instead of evading, I’ll just say yeah.” Bryan Cranston is a 66-year-old American actor and director, who is also known for his role as Hal in Malcolm and the Middle. READ MORE: James Martin's Saturday Morning fans ‘switch off’ as they slam guest If one comeback wasn't enough, Jesse Pinkman will also be returning. The student who joined forces with Walter in his drug empire is played by Aaron Paul. Aaron Paul is a 42-year-old actor also known for his roles in Big Love and Westworld. The actor admitted he did not think his cameo in Better Call Saul would work. He told The Hollywood Reporter: "To be honest, I’m such a fan of Better Call Saul that I just didn't initially see how they were going to do it. "But of course, leave it to [series creators] Vince [Gilligan] and Peter [Gould] and the rest of the writers to come up with the perfect way. It’s fun. I think people are going to be excited." Francesca is Saul's secretary in the series and she is played by Tina Parker. Tina is an actress and director who serves as the co-artistic director at Kitchen Dog Theatre. Her other TV roles include The Good Guys and Salem.  Huell acts as Jimmy's security and he is a professional pickpocket. He is played by Lavell Crawford, a 53-year-old comedian and actor who also played Gus Patch in The Ridiculous Six. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Heartache for Eileen Grimshaw [INSIGHT] How many episodes are in Better Call Saul season 6? [EXPLAINER] Better Call Saul release time: When is Better Call Saul season 6 out? [INSIGHT] Tyrus is one of Gus's (Giancarlo Esposito) henchmen in the series and he is played by Ray Campbell. Ray is also known for his roles in All American, The Haves and Have Nots and How to Get Away with Murder.  Victor is also on hand to do Gus's dirty work, and he is played by Jeremiah Bitsui. The 41-year-old has previously starred in Natural Born Killers and the video game Red Dead Redemption. Fans may recognise him as Robert Long in the Western melodrama, Yellowstone. Clifford is the founding partner of Davis & Main Attorneys at Law. Ed Begley Jr takes on the role and he is a 72-year-old American actor and environmental activist. He is known for his roles in St Elsewhere and the mockumentary Reboot Camp.  The twin hitmen for the Juárez Cartel return for the final outing and they are played by real-life brothers. Daniel and Luis Moncada are not twins in real life, as they were born three years apart. Luis is the older of the two brothers.  The brutal drug kingpin is back in action and he is played by Mark Margolis. Mark is an 82-year-old actor known for his roles in Scarface and Oz. The series will also see the regular faces return for the final outing.  Better Call Saul season 6 airs on AMC on April 18 and Netflix on April 19.