Former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan has been defended by the show's guest host Rob Rinder after backlash over the journalist's comments about Meghan Markle led to his exit from the ITV programme last year. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the legal expert, 43, spoke of his excitement over former GMB host Piers' upcoming TalkTV show, Uncensored. The Judge Rinder star branded Piers' new show "exciting", before adding that the broadcaster "tells the truth" and said his talk show will teach viewers how to "argue without falling out". TalkTV and Piers' new show Uncensored is set to launch in little over a week. Addressing the upcoming programme which is fronted by Piers, Rob said: "I think it's an exciting thing. "I think when it comes to news, and especially nowadays, people get news from Twitter, and so on and so forth. "That wherever it comes, you know, good quality news, good quality commentary, more is more, and a rich variety of commentary is great." READ MORE: Prince Harry in 'fit of pique' after royal snub says Loose Women star He went on to add that he trusts the former newspaper editor is "telling the truth" on topics he discusses. "And one thing you know, one thing you may love him or loathe it, but you know that he's telling you the truth as to what he thinks you can accept or reject it." Rob continued to explain that the controversial figure teaches viewers how to "argue" in a way that doesn't involve "falling out". He explained: "But at the end of it, you might tune in tomorrow, what that does in a really critical way is model the ability to listen and hear an idea that you don't like and your identity not to be attacked, and to come in and tune in next day and then see whether you agree with him. "It gives you the emotional and intellectual muscle to learn better how to argue without falling out. "And if you think about how polarised we are nowadays, it strikes me that's an important thing to do. "So like him or loathe him, of course, I'll be tuning into Piers and everybody I should too," he added. Rob's comment's come a year after Piers left the popular ITV news show following his remarks about Meghan Markle's interview with Oprah. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears unveils 'small' baby bump as she models crop top [UPDATE]Nicola Peltz's mum's transformation after going 'missing' from snaps [ANALYSIS]Ulrika Jonsson, 54, defies critics with incredible bikini snap [INSIGHT] During the interview Meghan claimed that her mental health had suffered after joining the royal family. Appearing on GMB the morning after, Piers said that he didn't "believe a word" Meghan said. The controversial personality caused backlash with his comments about Meghan following her tell-all interview with Oprah which aired over a year ago. Speaking on GMB, he said: "I’m sorry, I don’t believe a word she said... I wouldn’t believe it if she read me a weather report." He then clashed with ITV weather reporter Alex Beresford over the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's comments, which resulted in him storming off the set. Speaking to Express.co.uk, the Judge Rinder star also discussed his work with Patient Claim Line to investigate what happens when a medical negligence claim is made against the NHS and how it can improve processes for other patients. Speaking about the process of making a claim, Rob said: "It's about our shared provider, making sure and ensuring that it delivers best practice. "And when it falls dangerously short, not just ensuring the NHS is held to account, but that the individual is properly remunerated for their injury to be sure, but also to protect, to serve and to defend the NHS to make sure it keeps its standards up. You can contact Patient Claim Line here. Uncensored launches on 25th April at 8pm on TalkTV.