The rebate, which was announced as part of Rishi Sunak’s Spring Statement, was earmarked to be distributed across households throughout April. But as the month draws to a close, it’s estimated millions of Brits still haven’t received their payout. The support payment is for all households that pay council tax in bands A to D - around 20 million homes. When you will receive your payment is down to your local council, which is responsible for distributing the payment to the bill payer of every eligible home. The Government stated in its official guidance: “All Council Tax Rebate grants should be paid as soon as possible from April.” But despite the payment being flagged for an April distribution, and many councils having already made the payments, it appears plenty of UK homes will not receive their payment by the end of the month on Sunday. According to the Mirror, the following councils have not distributed payments to all eligible: • Colchester Borough Council • Derby City Council • Northumberland County Council • Southend-on-Sea Borough Council • Oadby and Wigston Borough Council • Havering London Borough Council • Test Valley Borough Council • Charnwood Borough Council • Rushcliffe Borough Council • Sevenoaks District Council • Reading Borough Council • Luton Borough Council • Tamworth Borough Council • Dacorum Borough Council • North Northamptonshire Council While many councils have already distributed their payments, the actual deadline is not until September. What’s more, councils have been instructed not to make payments until April’s bill has been paid so that bank details can be verified. There is further woe for those who don’t pay their bill by Direct Debit, as councils will need to make contact to verify how to distribute the payment. Some councils have admitted to delays due to processing and software issues, with each council responsible for sourcing programmes that will administer the Government scheme. DON'T MISSHow to save money while you spend: Experts share key hacks [INSIGHT]Council tax: How some unlucky taxpayers pay nearly £1000 more [ANALYSIS]Local elections 2022: What councils do - and how they spend YOUR bills [EXPLAINER] Martyn James, from consumer rights website Resolver, told eligible households to check their council website if in doubt. He said: “You can contact your council for help and support with financial difficulties if you are worried about paying the tax.” You also do not need to apply to receive the rebate - but if you do not pay by direct debit, you should contact your council to discuss. If you live in England or Wales you can find out your council tax band by entering your postcode into the GOV.UK checker.