Northern Irish comedian Patrick Kielty, 51, has had a recent U-turn on his thoughts regarding Brexit. Patrick had been a staunch opposer to the EU referendum and warned that leaving the Union could lead to adversity in Northern Ireland. Back in 2018, Patrick sent a scathing open letter to Boris Johnson in which he voiced his frustrations about the impact on his birthplace. He raged in view of his 229,000 Twitter followers: “Thanks to your glorious Brexit vision Northern Ireland will become more divided... the Nationalists who were once happy being part of the UK will change their mind. “Your Brexit lies have opened a Pandora’s box for Northern Ireland. “It's one reason why the majority of people in NI voted to remain in the EU (almost as if they knew more about the fragile equilibrium of their politics than you).” READ MORE:Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ Despite his wilful stance three years ago, Patrick now admits he is “much more optimistic” about the direction the UK is going in. Recalling the referendum, he said: “Whenever all that upheaval was coming, and you knew the place that you were from was going to bear the brunt of what was going to happen, you get very pessimistic.” He looked back at filming his BBC documentary, One Hundred Years of Union, in which he explored whether a united Ireland could become a reality in the post-Brexit future. Patrick explained that he felt “really pessimistic” going into production of the programme, but came out with a more positive outlook. He continued to The Herald: “Now, I feel much more optimistic. “I still feel frustrated and angry that stuff is going on that people can’t control and it is affecting their lives." But, he noted, the country has "lived through a lot worse than this". Patrick is about to embark on his first UK stand-up tour since 2015. DON'T MISS Johnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip[LATEST]Phillip Schofield and Luke Evans' secret friendship exposed on holiday[INSIGHT]Dan Walker laments relationships with BBC Breakfast co-stars amid exit[NEWS] His Borderline shows will kick off in May, beginning in Nottingham and visiting Liverpool, Leeds and Birmingham, to name a few. He has promised that Brexit will feature in his routine. The former Love Island presenter said: “The world’s been turned on its head the past few years and thanks to Brexit, we’re more obsessed with borders and national identity than ever. "With Northern Ireland at the centre of it all, it feels like the right time to get back on stage and try to make some sense of where we’re heading.” The comedian has been married to presenter Cat Deeley for 10 years and the couple share two sons, Milo, six, and James, three. The pair met back in 2002 when they were both presenting the BBC's Fame Academy. They were friends for a while before their relationship turned romantic and they tied the knot in 2012. The family lived in Los Angeles for a few years before moving back to London in 2020.