The Duchess of Cambridge officially became a member of the Royal Family in 2011, when she married Prince William at Westminster Abbey. It's been almost 11 years since the couple's big day and Kate now stands as one of the senior royals within the family. As well as providing support to her husband and the Queen, she also showed her position as a supportive figure for Prince Charles. This position was visible on the day of his late father, the Duke of Edinburgh's funeral, which took place last April. Kate's role at the funeral was explored in the Channel 5 royal documentary, Kate: Our Queen in Waiting. In on Kate: Our Queen in Waiting, filmmaker and broadcaster Bidisha said: "What I noticed when I was watching the footage from Prince Philip's funeral is how warm Kate Middleton was towards Prince Charles. "She's saying 'its ok to show that we're actually a family in the same way all the other people in the world are families." The documentary, which was narrated by David Riley, then explored other ways in what Kate showed "quiet diplomacy" on the day [of Prince Philip's funeral]. Mr Riley said: "In the build-up to the funeral, one issue had threatened to overshadow the whole occasion". Bidisha added: "Prince Philip's funeral happened at a very strange time in the story of the Royal Family. READ MORE: ‘Every reason to worry’ Meghan ally frets over Queen ‘alone’ with ‘unsympathetic' staff "So, instead of unity, the story has become the two princes William and Harry feuding". Also speaking on the royal documentary, Royal expert Emily Andrews said: "She [Kate] made a beeline for Harry and the two of them are walking out of the chapel. "Kate walks quite fast and they catch up with William, who is ahead of them". Bidisha said: "Kate, herself, seems to draw back a little to enable the princes to walk next to eachother directly, as if she's saying look, you guys, you have to forward a united front". READ MORE: 'Every reason to question!' Meghan cheerleader Scobie defends Prince Harry's comments Since her arrival onto the royal scene, Kate has also won approval within the Royal Family, especially that of Prince Charles and his wife, Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall. Earlier this year, Kate joined Prince Charles and Camilla on a visit to East London's Trinity Buoy Wharf, which supports young people in creative fields. The trio stepped out on this rare engagment without Prince William. As for the Queen, Kate has supported Her Majesty by attending engagements, going on tours and taking on patronages, while also finding a way to reflect her own interests in her charity work. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge joined the Prince of Wales and Camilla at the world premiere of James Bond: No Time To Die in September 2021. During the event, Charles was spotted greeting his daughter-in-law warmly with a kiss.