Arsenal go up against Crystal Palace tonight looking to continue their quest to secure Champions League qualification. And they’ll be going up against former captain Patrick Vieira, who will be in the dugout for the Eagles. So, with that being the case, Express Sport will now wind back the clock and look at the Frenchman’s decision to leave the Gunners back in 2005. In 2005, Arsenal were rocked when Vieira left to join Serie A giants Juventus. The France international had been a vital asset under Arsene Wenger, having previously skippered them to Premier League glory the year before when the Gunners didn’t lose a single game. Vieira’s last kick for Arsenal was in the FA Cup final against Manchester United, with his penalty in the shootout enough to land the north London giants the prize. Many had been expecting him to go to Real Madrid, who were swooping for football’s Galacticos left, right and centre. Yet Vieira ended up joining Juventus instead, though he’d spend just a year there before switching to Inter Milan. During his time in charge of New York City, the 45-year-old was asked about his decision to leave Arsenal. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Vieira made it clear that he felt Wenger didn’t trust him anymore, with the emerging presence of Cesc Fabregas another factor. “After nine years at Arsenal, I was 29/30-years-old and 30-years-old in football you start to get old,” he said. “You can see that the coach doesn’t trust you like he used to. That’s part of the game. “It’s difficult and I accept it because we had a young player called (Cesc) Fabregas who was coming through the academy and he was doing really well. “So I was smelling that the time for me at Arsenal was over. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “I had to accept it was over and I had to make a difficult decision as well because leaving Arsenal, where you’ve spent nine years, is really difficult and it hurts your pride a little bit. “As a player you feel proud but I made the decision because I wanted to play every game and I decided to go back to Italy.” Vieira also later revealed that he was on the shortlist to replace Wenger when the Arsenal boss quit in 2018. “Their executives met through a process which included a conversation with me but it didn’t go any further,” he admitted. “I have been allowed to grow as a coach and gain valuable experience. “That has helped me become much more clear in my approach, my vision of football.” Now, ahead of Palace’s match with Arsenal, Vieira has opened up on his old side’s struggles since his departure. And he’s shocked that he was the last man to skipper them to Premier League title glory. “Not really, because during that period of time I thought Arsenal would be challenging more for the titles,” he said when asked if he’d have believed back in 2004 what would happen for Arsenal. And when quizzed on how far away they are, he added: “I don’t know. Now, maybe it is more competitive with Manchester City, Liverpool, Chelsea. “You look at the spending of those teams and that has to be part of it if you want to challenge for the title. “I don’t know what Arsenal are prepared to do but of course the possibility to do it is there. “There is a cycle where City were the team and now there is Liverpool and Chelsea. “Manchester United I believe they will be there to challenge so there are five teams capable of winning the Premier League. “It is important for Arsenal to get to the Champions League because of the stature of the football club.”