Amir Khan has shared the harrowing experience of being mugged at gun point while he was out in London with his wife, Faryal Makhdoom, on Monday night. The British boxing star was out in East London when he had a gun raised to his face as two men demanded him to hand over his watch.  He wrote on Twitter: "Just had my watch taken off me at gun point in East London, Leyton. I crossed the road with Faryal, luckily she was few steps behind me. "2 men ran to me, he asked for my watch whist having a gun pointed in my face. The main thing is we’re both safe." Faryal and Khan have been married since 2013 after being introduced to each other by a mutual friend and have three children together. Back in 2018, Khan opened up on a similarly terrifying incident where he fought off an armed gang trying to steal his £100,000 Range Rover in 2012. “It was really scary because I knew my life was on the line," he told The Sun on Sunday at the time. “When you are in a situation like that you have to react quickly or you are going to get hurt. There were about 20 guys, all with metal bars. “I remember the first guy swinging this metal stick at my head but luckily he missed. He tried a second time and I countered him. He was out cold. Then another guy came at me but I was able to tackle him as well. “Then the three of us [Amir, his boxer brother Haroon and another man] drove off as fast as we could. People might say I was a coward for running away but I am happy I did, because I am still here. Those guys were big and out to hurt me.”  Khan returned to the ring in February for the first time since 2019 a long-awaited fight against Kell Brook. The two British boxing rivals had been embroiled in a toxic war of words for almost two decades before they finally agreed to step into the ring. Khan was easily beaten by Brook though with a stunning TKO in the sixth round at the AO Arena in Manchester. It's been suggested since that Khan is eager for a rematch, but BOXXER promoter Ben Shalom doubts it will happen. “The past few days I’ve received emails, texts, everything. Amir wants the rematch, he really does want the rematch," Shalom said recently. “I don’t think it will happen, if I’m honest. I don’t think as a promoter I can see the reason why it should happen. “I’m yet to sit down with Amir and really understand where he’s coming from, from an injury point of view, from a preparation point of view. I think his ego’s very hurt and he doesn’t want to be remembered for that fight – and I don’t think he will be." 