Smeg's home economist, Clare Edwards, shared her top tips to keep appliances such as the oven or microwave as good as new. Clare explained how to easily remove stubborn dirt from an oven. She said: “There are two main methods to giving an oven a good clean. "If your oven has pyrolytic cleaning, this is the simple, no effort required solution. "It takes the oven up to 500 degrees Celsius and carbonises any stains, spillages or food debris." READ MORE: How to wash a duvet in the washing machine  She continued: "You're then left with a dusting of ash to wipe, requiring no chemicals or manual effort and just a cheap to run program." She also shared simple cleaning tips using washing up liquid for those who do not have a self-cleaning oven. "Alternatively, by adding a solution of water and washing up liquid in the oven's base, dirt is loosened and the oven is made easier to clean.” The expert also shared how to keep microwaves clean.  Clare said: “Microwaves can be easily cleaned with hot soapy water. "Another trick is to heat up a slice of lemon in a water bath which will remove odours and keep your microwave smelling fresh.” Clare said many things can be easily cleaned with a bit of lemon. She explained: “Dishwashers can also be freshened up with lemons by adding a few wedges of lemon to the cutlery basket or tray.” In terms of how to keep the stove top shining, Clare said “a simple microfibre cloth works a treat to remove grease and restore shine". She added: "To protect the hob further, invest in a hob cleaner that leaves a silicon protective layer to eradicate marks from building up. "This is key if something like a sugar syrup spills onto the hob's surface as it won't melt the glass and cause pitting.” For the fridge, she recommended hot soapy water. "It will give your fridge a good clean but it's essential to make sure the shelves are properly dried afterwards before returning them," Clare warned. She explained: "To give it a good refresh, ensure the condensate channel on the back wall of the fridge is also cleaned. "Drinking straws, cocktail sticks and cotton buds are all great for doing so.”