Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba will be the centre-piece of one of the biggest deals of the summer transfer window once his contract at Old Trafford expires. Pogba becomes a free agent on June 30 and will likely garner interest from Europe's most prominent heavyweights seeking a coup. However, the Daily Star report Manchester City have rejected the opportunity to make a controversial swoop for the 29-year-old midfielder. Pep Guardiola is understood to have told super agent Mino Raiola 'thanks, but no thanks' for the second time in four years. Man City's lack of interest won't be detrimental to Pogba's future, though, and he now has a concrete contract offer on the table from elsewhere. According to Foot Mercato, Paris Saint-Germain have tabled an official offer in the hope of making Pogba their latest high-profile Bosman recruit. Last summer, PSG made headlines by swiping Gianluigi Donnarumma, Sergio Ramos, Georginio Wijnaldum and Lionel Messi on free transfers to bolster Mauricio Pochettino's all-star squad. And Pogba could be the latest to arrive on a never-ending conveyor belt of stardom as the club searches for inaugural Champions League glory. JUST IN: Piers Morgan names trio Arsenal should sign to 'compete' again The France international, who helped his nation to its second World Cup in 2018, would undoubtedly welcome a return to his homeland. But PSG face competition from at least two other giants as Juventus and Real Madrid also vie for his signature. As his United contract expiry grows ever closer, Pogba's future could be resolved in the coming weeks as another lacklustre season draws to a close. He has likely played his last game for the Red Devils after picking up an early injury in last week's 4-0 drubbing at Liverpool. READ MORE: Antonio Conte makes PSG demand to combat hatred of 'Instagram players' Pogba won't be the only member of the Ralf Rangnick's current squad that will depart on a free transfer before Erik ten Hag takes charge this summer. Lee Grant, Nemanja Matic, Juan Mata, Jesse Lingard, and Edinson Cavani are all expected to depart as part of a mass exodus. Several other futures remain up in the air, with Ten Hag planning one-on-one Zoom meetings before he arrives in England to get to grips with a group in disarray. But the players he inherits likely won't feature Pogba, who now almost looks certain to be heading out the exit door after a six-year stint to forget. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here