Dimitar Berbatov thinks Cristiano Ronaldo will want to stay at Manchester United and continue to prove his critics wrong. The Portugal international has now scored 23 goals across all competitions after netting in his side’s 1-1 draw with Chelsea on Thursday. But there’s still uncertainty over his future ahead of the Erik ten Hag era. Ronaldo returned to Manchester United back in the summer and, though the club have endured a difficult season so far, the veteran has continued to produce the goods. He penned a two-year contract upon moving back to Old Trafford but, with the Red Devils struggling, has been tipped to leave. United will be strutting their stuff in the Europa League or UEFA Conference League next term - two competitions Ronaldo has never played in during his glittering career. But, despite that, Berbatov thinks the forward wants to stay - though would understand if he left. Speaking to Betfair, the former United No 9 said: “Ronaldo is doing incredibly well for his age with the way he plays and the goals he scores. “To have so many Premier League goals in a season at his age is an incredible achievement. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings “He is doing what he needs to do, and that is score goals. “His game is different now than it was before, but one thing is a constant, the goals. He still produces and scores which is so important. “He has one more year at United, which is a good thing in my opinion, and now it is down to him whether he stays or leaves. “I’d be glad to see him stay and of course things depend on the new manager and on what Ronaldo wants. “He is an icon in football and when you are like that your opinion matters. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag “I’d be happy to see him stay and continue scoring as well as helping the players around him. “If he decides to go, obviously you can not blame him. When you are used to playing Champions League football every year of your career and then you don't have it, it's tough to accept. “His performances this season show how well he is taking care of himself. “He will want to play as long as he can and show that the impossible is possible. He has proven that he can still do it at 37 in the Premier League, he likes to prove people wrong and I'm pretty sure that he will want to continue doing that and play a few more years. “When he stops it will be a sad day for football because he's one of the true greats. That day comes for everyone.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ronaldo hasn’t always got along with Ralf Rangnick during their time at United together. But he’s still been a shining light under the German, with his goals helping the club avoid an even worse scenario. And Rangnick hailed Ronaldo after the 37-year-old struck in their 1-1 draw with Chelsea on Thursday night. "We have to still be fair with the players,” he said. "We had quite a few other players scoring goals, I remember, in my first 10 games, we had 10 different goalscorers. It is how many opportunities can we create and how many goalscorers. "Right now, we very much rely on Cristiano, he also showed a good performance when Chelsea were in possession. “But there has to be a focus on bringing in a couple of new strikers for sure." Rangnick was directly quizzed on whether Ronaldo will stay. And, in response to that question, he said: "This is something that we should speak about between Erik and the board and myself. Cristiano has another year of contract. "It is also important to find out what he wants, if he wants to stay."