After the royal couple arrived in St Lucia on Friday, radio DJ Sam Flood slammed the visit, saying: "I would like to know what is the purpose of this royal visit and who is paying for it". Mr Flood, who hosts the popular show Tells it Like it is on St Lucian Radio, also asked whether those attending the reception at the Governor's house, including the two royals, wore face masks for protection. Speaking about the reception, he said: "Who paid for the drinks and food that was being consumed at the Governor's house? Did the Royal Family sponsor it or did our government?" He added: "What is the purpose of this trip to Saint Lucia? How are Saint Lucia and its people benefitting from this trip? What have we done to deserve this trip? I would like to know who is benefitting from this royal visit". The well-known host asked about the "significance" of the royal couple and their trip to the island.  He said: "Who really are these royals and what is their significance? It is not like they are quite high up in the Royal Family. Who are they and what will they bring to the island that will benefit us as a people." The Earl and Countess landed in St Lucia on Friday where they were warmly welcomed by the Deputy Prime Minister Dr Ernest Hilaire and the aide-de-camp to the Governor-General, Captain Cyril Saltibus. The pair then travelled to St Vincent and the Grenadines the next day. Despite the initial warm welcome, the pair were later met with around 15 people holding banners saying "reparation now", "compensate now" and "Britain your debt is outstanding". READ MORE:Blow for Prince Harry as Princess Anne to replace him in key role While in St Lucia, Sophie and Edward were received by Arch Deacon Christian Glasgow for service at the Holy Trinity Anglican Church. They also visited Morne Fortune, a Saint Lucia National Trust site, where they were shown the monuments to St Lucian Nobel Laureates, Sir W Arthur Lewis and Sir Derek Walcott. Antigua and Barbuda are next on the royal's agenda after the local Reparations Support Commission told them to avoid "phoney sanctimony" over slavery and their visit to Grenada was struck off the list. Ahead of the visit, the commission wrote an open letter criticising the family for previous comments made about slavery. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry plot PR fightback [INSIGHT]'Little worrying' Esther Rantzen concern at Queen's health [ANALYSIS]US interview shows Harry's huge 'resentment' towards William [COMMENT] The letter said: "It has become common for members of the Royal Family and representatives of the government of Britain to come to this region and lament that slavery was an 'appalling atrocity, that it was 'abhorrent', that 'it should not have happened. "We hear the phoney sanctimony of those who came before you that these crimes are a 'stain on your history'. "For us, they are the source of genocide and of continuing deep international injury, injustice and racism. We hope you will respect us by not repeating the mantra." The Earl and Countess are still planning to go ahead with their scheduled visit to the two nations as part of their six-day Jubilee tour. 