Police have applied to extend the bail of Mason Greenwood following the Manchester United forward’s arrest on suspicion of rape, assault and threats to kill. Greenwood was first taken into custody in late January and a bail extension hearing could now take place in mid-June.  A report was first made to the police on January 30 following social media posts that showed a woman reporting alleged physical violence by Greenwood. An arrest was made the next day. The 20-year-old has been on bail since February 2 and was due to expire on April 30. An application has been made to the courts to have that bail period extended to investigate the allegations further. A hearing is not expected to happen until mid-June, Greater Manchester Police have confirmed, and Greenwood is set to remain on conditional bail. A statement on Friday said: "We are continuing to investigate a report made to us on Sunday 30 January of online social media images and videos posted by a woman reporting incidents of physical violence. A 20-year-old man arrested that day on suspicion of the rape and assault of a woman, and threats to kill, remains on bail. "An application has been made to the courts to have his bail extended beyond Saturday 30 April, but the hearing isn't expected to be until mid-June. The suspect will remain on conditional bail until the date of the court hearing." Greenwood was suspended by Man Utd until further notice following his arrest and has not featured for the Red Devils since January 22. Nike have also severed ties with the player, who has a solitary cap for England.   The sportswear brand initially suspended their association with Greenwood but have since confirmed that their relationship has ended entirely. Nike tweeted a short statement in February confirming that the United academy graduate is “no longer a Nike athlete”. Greenwood has played just once for England, making his debut against Iceland in September 2020. He was part of Gareth Southgate’s provisional squad for Euro 2020 but withdrew to recover from a pre-existing injury. Mason Greenwood is yet to comment publicly since the allegations. 