Manchester United's position on Mason Greenwood remains unchanged and the forward is not currently in line for a return to training, despite speculation on social media. The 20-year-old forward was arrested by police back in February on suspicion of sexual assault, rape and making threats to kill before later being bailed for three days. The Red Devils made the decision to suspend their academy graduate while police continued with their investigation. Greater Manchester Police are now expected to extend Greenwood's bail, which is due to expire on April 30. Rumours began to emerge on Friday that Greenwood was now set to return to first-team training at United. However, following consultation with United, Express Sport can confirm that is not the case and there has been zero change in the player's situation. READ MORE: Man Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal United will bide their time and continue to take a backseat while the police conduct their investigation and will not be rushed into any decision over his future at Old Trafford. Greenwood was removed from video game FIFA 22 following his arrest, while EA Sports and United's sponsor Cadbury decided they will not be using the England international in any of their latest marketing campaigns. Cadbury said: "Cadbury does not condone violence in any form. Our Partnership is with the club itself and not the individual players. "However, while these allegations are being investigated, any marketing or products we create with Manchester United will not feature this player. We will continue to monitor the situation closely." READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal United were also forced to issue a statement at the end of March confirming there had been no change in Greenwood's situation after fans thought he'd 'reappeared' on the club's online squad list. But the Red Devils made it clear that while Greenwood was removed from the app, his profile had always remained on the official club website. "There has been no change whatsoever in Mason’s status,” a statement published by The Sun read. "We removed his profile from the club app soon after he was removed from the squad in January. "This was in order to remove Mason from interactive elements of the app, such as team predictions etc. "However, his profile was never removed from the website as he remains a Manchester United player, albeit not currently part of the squad while the legal process unfolds." Greenwood had been hopeful of making Gareth Southgate's World Cup squad for Qatar later in the year. The youngster has scored six goals and registered two assists in the 24 appearances he has made for United in all competitions this season.