While there’s still many months to go before this year’s Strictly Come Dancing line-up is revealed, the professional dancers for 2022 have been confirmed with Aljaz and Oti Mabuse both leaving the BBC show. Speaking about their decision to quit the dancing competition on Lorraine, Dianne said it was “sad” to see Aljaz in particular leave. Host Christine Lampard remarked: “A little bit of a different feel. Aljaz we know is not going to be there anymore. “He’s been there so long, he’s very much the fabric of the show and then of course Oti.” “Well I actually started with Aljaz very many years ago,” Dianne replied. “So I’ve actually known Aljaz and Janette for ages. To see Aljaz go is really sad. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry “It’s like your brother is leaving but the thing with everyone, and same with Oti, is we’re so close that we’re still going to see everyone. “We’ll still see them, they’re still a part of the show, it’s just they won’t be there.” While fans wait for the new series of Strictly Come Dancing to star, they can see Dianne in Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof. Speaking about taking part, Dianne told Christine: “In life I love to do things that scare me and this was certainly one of them “I’m used to being the one on Strictly that I’m trying to help someone else and this was a bit of someone helping me which was really nice to be on the other side of it. “I feel like I literally came out of this experience a different person.” Christine noted: “Wim Hof appears to have that impact on everyone he meets. It’s almost like he’s superhuman. “What is he like in the flesh? His mentality is unlike anything I’ve ever come across.” DON'T MISS...Oti Mabuse speaks out on hosting role after Strictly exit [INSIGHT]Gorka Márquez admits he's struggled with Strictly tour [VIDEO]Clara Amfo health: Strictly star on 'tough' ordeal with fibroids [EXPLAINER] “I’m a bit of a Wim Hof super fan, I have known about him for a while which is one of the reasons I also wanted to do this show,” Dianne explained. Dianne is not the first star to open up about Aljaz’s decision to quit with Giovanni Pernice noting “it is his choice”. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk earlier this month, he said: “Aljaz has been an amazing part of the show for nine years and it is his choice to leave the show. “He will definitely be missed.” Strictly confirmed his departure last month in a statement which read: “We are so sad to be saying goodbye to Aljaz after almost a decade as a professional dancer on Strictly Come Dancing. “Since lifting the glitter ball with Abbey Clancy in his debut series he has become a firm favourite with viewers across the country. “During his nine series he has provided us with some unforgettable moments on the show through his incredible choreography, passion for dance and heart of gold.” Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC later this year while Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV at 9am.