Manchester City take a 4-3 advantage over Real Madrid into the second leg of their Champions League semi-final tie following their victory on Tuesday night. City took the lead after just 94 seconds through the inform Kevin De Bruyne. The Belgian diverted his diving header past international teammate Thibaut Courtois following a great cross from Riyad Mahrez. The home side then doubled their lead nine minutes later, with Gabriel Jesus continuing his brilliant form by pouncing on a miskick from David Alaba to slot home. But Madrid then halved the deficit in the 33rd minute through Karim Benzema, who brushed past Oleksandr Zinchenko and volley a brilliant finish past Ederson. Phil Foden then restored his side’s two-goal advantage when he headed home from close range after arriving at the back post unmarked. Though Madrid hit back immediately after Vinicius Jr raced down the left and poked the ball beneath Ederson in a fine solo goal. Bernardo Silva then put the icing on the cake for City with a fierce 74th minute strike. Benzema then made it 4-3 from the penalty spot with a cool panenka following a handball from Aymeric Laporte. The match was certainly one for the neutrals with so many goals and plenty of drama. Express Sport takes a look at five key talking points from the match. Foden sends Southgate message Foden was unplayable against Madrid, and his goal capped off an excellent performance by the 21-year-old. Being deployed out on the left wing, Foden had the beating of Daniel Carvajal consistently and was a constant goalscoring threat. Given that the performance was up against the La Liga’s runaway winners, the performance only highlighted why many feel that Foden should be one of the first names on Gareth Southgate’s teamsheets for the Qatar World Cup. The England international was not at the Euros in the summer, to the surprise of many. Foden can be deployed as in midfield, as a makeshift forward though is seen to best effect on either wing – and he will provide a touch of class for the Three Lions wherever he plays. JUST IN: Man Utd ace Paul Pogba receives 'first official contract offer' Pep’s ‘please stay’ line-up After scoring four goals against Watford last weekend, Gabriel Jesus retained his spot in Pep Guardiola’s starting eleven. However, given that there are reports circulating about the interest in the Brazilian from Arsenal, his run in the first team does seem coincidental. The striker repaid the faith of Guardiola with his goal, evidencing that he does have the poachers instinct to lead the line for City. With Erling Haaland destined to sign for City, it is no surprise that Jesus could be weighing up whether his future lies at the Etihad Stadium or if he could quickly become surplus to requirements. However, Guardiola’s faith in the forward suggests that he may quickly be realising that he is set to lose a very talented player if he doesn’t play his cards right. READ MORE: Tottenham to make Roma scouting trip as transfer plot emerges Casemiro a huge miss Real Madrid’s midfield trio of Luka Modric, Toni Kroos and Casemiro have been one of the best in world football for some time. However, the latter of the three could be the most underrated asset at Madrid all together. The Brazilian was ruled out of the match against City through injury, and his absence left a gaping hole in the heart of the Los Blancos side. Although it is hard to say whether the midfielder would have stopped any of the goals on the night, there was a feeling that he may have been a presence. Carlo Ancelotti will be hoping that Casemiro is available for the second leg of the tie at the Santiago Bernabeu, though it will take more than the return of a holding midfielder to turn things around. Though the La Liga outfit will certainly look more comfortable out of possession. Stones injury John Stones appears to have returned to City’s injury list after he was substituted in the 36th minute, looking incredibly frustrated. The England centre-back was being deployed as a right-back due to Joao Cancelo being suspended and Kyle Walker injured. Questions were raised as to whether the defender would even be available against Madrid due to a muscular injury, though the game may have come too soon for the former Everton defender. Veteran midfielder Fernandinho came on in Stones’ place and did well up against Vinicius Jr, but it doesn’t mask the fact that City are enduring a rough patch regarding defensive injuries. Benzema confirms Ballon d'Or claims Kevin De Bruyne and Mohamed Salah are amongst the favourites to win the Ballon d'Or 2022, but they will do well to impress more than Benzema this season. The Frenchman has dragged Madrid through the Champions League this season somewhat single-handedly, and he almost continued that pattern against City. His first goal was a touch of class by the Madrid star, who has scored 25 goals in 29 La Liga appearances this season. Breezing away from his marker and tucking a neat strike around the corner and into the back of the net with his unfavoured left foot. But Benzema's penalty will be more remembered than his first goal. Given that his side were 4-2 down at the time, the 34-year-old may well have been the coolest person in the stadium to pull off a finish of that cheek when there was so much pressure.