UK’s Science Minister George Freeman highlighted that with Britain out of the European Union, the country could significantly cut red tape and “unlock the UK’s potential” as a major superpower in Science & Innovation. In order to achieve this, he supported the implementation of the proposals he made in the report from the Taskforce on Innovation, Growth and Regulatory Reform (TIGRR).  The report, commissioned by Prime Minister Boris Johnson, outlines about 100 recommendations as part of the Conservative Government’s plans to regulate the country post-Brexit. The task force was comprised of MPs Sir Ian Duncan Smith, Theresa Villiers and Mr Freeman, who set out to “scope out and propose options for how the UK can take advantage of our newfound regulatory freedoms to deliver these aims, as well as challenging the Government’s own emerging proposals.” In a recent tweet, Mr Freeman said: “How are we going to unlock the UK’s potential as a Science & Innovation superpower? “One of the keys is pioneering a more agile, digital & innovative regulatory framework to make UK a global testbed for innovation as we set out in the #TIGRR TaskForce.” The TIGRR report made sweeping recommendations for various sectors that include the development of net-zero technologies, agricultural and environmental innovations, the UK space industry, nutraceuticals and consumer health, among many others. Mr Freeman also said: “The key to smart regulation is to play to our strengths. “We must embrace global leadership in smart, agile regulation in the highest growing sectors of tomorrow. “Around the world, the UK is still highly trusted as a regulator of choice. “We have a chance to build on that.” READ MORE: Brexit revenge as UK scientists forced to relocate to EU While looking at green technologies, the authors noted that the UK has had a “historically cautious approach to energy infrastructure”, which “created a system of rigid and complex codes, which industry point out are rarely conducive to innovation.” To rectify this, the report proposed the Government take a more “innovative approach” to regulating technologies. They added: “This should include adopting an approach to regulation that focuses on future opportunities rather than maintaining market stability. “Regulation should target outcomes rather than processes by adopting more agile standards; fostering better collaboration between regulators and policy makers to set joint, longer-term goals. DON'T MISS: UK ready to send terrifying new missiles that can WIPE OUT Putin's shi [REVEAL] Forget Satan 2! US £157bn project can wipe out Putin's missile [INSIGHT] Putin 'rubbing hands with glee' as fossil fuel exports soar £52bn [REPORT]