Arsenal legend Martin Keown believes that Wednesday night hero Eddie Nketiah will cave in and sign a new contract with the Gunners. The youngster was expected to leave for free this summer, but his two goals against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge threaten to breathe new life into his career and a potential pathway into Mikel Arteta's first-team plans. It was a dream night for Nketiah as his brace proved crucial in Arsenal's 4-2 win over Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. The striker showed tremendous energy and produced two fine finishes when called upon in just his second Premier League start of the season. The performance reignited speculation on what his next move will be. The goals were his first in the league this campaign, but many Arsenal fans are keen for Nketiah to extend his stay at the Emirates rather than see him leave in pursuit of more regular first-team football. "I thought he was magnificent," Keown told Stadium Astro, "I know that the second one was perhaps given to him on a plate, the first one, you’ve got to be there to capitalise. He looked sharp, he dealt with the ball well. JUST IN: Man Utd captain Harry Maguire 'shocked' as family home receives terrifying 'bomb threat' "What Eddie has done tonight is because of what he has done for the last 10 months, and no one has noticed. I said to him I haven't been fair. I should have been playing him more. We have other issues as well, and that has not been easy. But he deserved completely what happened to him tonight."  "And those youngsters at Arsenal keep producing. There’s no way that he’s leaving, surely, after that kind of performance. He’s been extremely patient, he went out on loan to Leeds. It was interesting when [Marcelo] Bielsa was talking about how much he didn’t want him to go, we kind of took a bit of notice of that because he has a big reputation. "He’s come back, the manager explained he’s not been fair, and that’s very honest. Look at his performance tonight when he got his chance, boy did he take it. And in a very big arena here. He would’ve dreamt of doing this." READ MORE: Man Utd agree on five priority summer signings while '18 could leave' Arsenal's six remaining games could be crucial to determining Nketiah's future, and whether it lies with or away from the club. Blockbuster clashes with Manchester United and Tottenham will take place before the end of the campaign, and present more opportunities for the 22-year-old to prove he warrants more first-team responsibility. After victory over Chelsea, Arteta admitted that he had not been entirely fair on the youngster in terms of game time. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was side-lined and then sold off in January after a disciplinary breach, while Alexandre Lacazette has left plenty to be desired with his recent performances. With only two out-and-out strikers at the club and one of them faltering, Arteta could be set to give Nketiah a final-hour audition and an incentive to extend his stay with the Gunners.  "What Eddie has done tonight is because of what he has done for the last 10 months, and no one has noticed," the Spaniard told BBC Sport, "I said to him I haven't been fair. I should have been playing him more. "We have other issues as well, and that has not been easy. But he deserved completely what happened to him tonight."