Good Morning Britain meteorologist Laura Tobin, 40, “feels bad” for revealing that Piers Morgan failed to respond to her when she told him about her new book, Everyday Ways To Save Our Planet. The weather expert had invited him to her book launch and offered to send him a copy. However, Laura did not hear from the TalkTV host straight away, and went on to mention it in an interview later that day. She divulged that she had “not heard from him” in an interview last month. Unbeknownst to her, Piers responded later that day and Laura was left feeling guilty. In a new interview with Express.co.uk, Laura said: “I feel really bad because I had only texted him about half an hour before that interview. I read it and I was like, ‘Oh no!’ READ MORE:Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore “He has replied now, he’s going to read it like, ‘What!’ Because he is literally one of the nicest people ever. “He texted back that evening saying that he couldn’t come [to the launch] because he was in LA, but that he would love to see a copy and that he’s happy to do anything to help. “He was really chuffed for me, he has always been a big champion of mine.” Laura added that Piers is “so kind” and has always been a “really good friend” to her, despite seemingly accusing him of snubbing her while chatting to OK! Magazine. She divulged that Piers was particularly caring when her daughter, Charlotte, was hospitalised when she was born. Charlotte, who is now five, was kept on oxygen for three months after being born prematurely weighing just 2lb 8oz. In what would have been a stressful time for the mother-of-one, Laura said her then-colleague was on hand to offer support. She explained: “When my daughter was sick in hospital, Piers used to message all the time to see how she was doing. DON'T MISSRichard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’[INSIGHT]Martin Roberts in hospital with 'hours to live' after chest pains[LATEST]Naga Munchetty inundated with support after BBC Breakfast absence[NEWS] “He would ask if there was anything he could do if he was in London or if I needed anything. “As a human being, he is actually really nice.” Laura’s book, Laura Tobin: Everyday Ways To Save Our Planet, is out now. It offers readers simple changes everyone can make to be kinder to the planet, in a bid to reduce climate change. On her bestseller, Laura says she hopes "everybody will stop and think about what we do, how we live our lives and how over-consuming we are because of habit". She advises readers to: “Just go through the book in whatever order you want and see what changes you can make - Whether that’s changing our diets, walking more, insulating our homes or lowering our thermostats. “If you just do one a week or one every day, the more you start doing then the more you will want to do.” Reader offer: Get £3 off Laura Tobin: Everyday Ways to Save Our Planet (RRP £14.99) with offer code RB5. Order online at mirrorbooks.co.uk