CBS’ multi-generational crime series is set to return for another instalment next week titled ‘Long Lost’ and the episode could see Frank Reagan (played by Tom Selleck) make a tough decision. While this isn’t anything different for him, this time his morals could be called into question.  Ahead of the episode’s premiere, the series released some first-look images which show Frank more unprepared than usual. In one of the photos, the patriarch is wearing his outdoor uniform, complete with a cap at his desk. While this may look fine at first glance, fans of Blue Bloods know Frank usually keeps his outfits separate and organised, meaning his suits are usually reserved for his desk duties. According to cartermatt.com Frank could be there to resolve a shocking dilemma. READ MORE: Where is Bargain Hunt's Anita Manning from? With his outdoor uniform on at the office, he may have just shown up to resolve some issues. Alongside this clue, the episode’s synopsis also hints at a major problem for the NYC Police Commissioner. The synopsis read: “Frank faces a dilemma when a marine veteran, who became a local celebrity for saving a woman’s life, asks him to make an exception to the NYPD recruitment age limit so he can join the force.” As well as the character sporting a different outfit, the photo also showed Frank joined by two people who looked official. It’s likely, with such a request from the marine veteran, Frank could have called an emergency meeting with his seniors to discuss how they intend to move forward. As the marine is also a growing star Frank may have also wanted to seek guidance to say the right thing, as it would look bad for the commissioner to go viral for saying something incorrect. He could face another huge twist because an older man dealing with celebrity culture could not only be a recipe for disaster, but also a huge public relations crisis. DON'T MISS...NCIS season 19 UK: When will series 19 premiere on Disney+? [INSIGHT]What did Lauryn do to Sully in Top Boy? [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods' Donnie Wahlberg rules out another family TV series [INSIGHT] Last month, Blue Bloods hit a milestone episode when the show celebrated the release of its 250th episode. With Selleck having been at the heart of the series since its pilot episode premiered in 2010, he shared his thoughts on why people love the show. Speaking to TV Line, Selleck disclosed: “Because it’s a character-driven show. “The cop drama is a backdrop for the lives of the five main characters. “The audience is so in the heads of these characters that the biggest jeopardy in our show is often when one of the relationships in the Irish Catholic family looks like it’s going south. “For instance, Erin [Bridget Moynahan] and Frank are increasingly in conflict the higher she moves up in the DA’s office.” The actor added: “The best family dinners are when we argue. “When the family gets together, the audience usually knows the character’s problems, so they’re going, ‘Boy, if he brings that up, that’s not going to sit well with Erin.’ They want the Reagans happy, that’s the key.” Blue Bloods is available on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 