Liverpool were at the imperious best at Anfield on Tuesday night as Jurgen Klopp's side tore Manchester United apart in a pulsating 4-0 win with goals from Luis Diaz, Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah. Express Sport brings a run down of how Liverpool's players rated in their dominant win. Alisson: 6 Nothing to do in the first half with United failing to register a single shot on target. Quietest night any Liverpool goalkeeper has likely had against United. Trent Alexander-Arnold: 7 A constant threat down the right and a menace for Diogo Dalot throughout the match. Joel Matip: 7 Long gone are the days of Matip being an unsung hero. Played his role in Liverpool's masterful second goal. Virgil van Dijk: 7 Was untroubled throughout the opening 45 minutes with Marcus Rashford failing to put up much threat. Had a few iffy moments in the second half but still stood firm. Andy Robertson: 7 Much like his team-mate down the opposite wing, Robertson was a constant outlet and providing space for the likes of Diaz, Mane and Salah to thrive further forward. JUST IN: Paul Pogba 'may have played last minutes for Man Utd' Fabinho: 7 Usually needed in a much deeper role but United's lack of threat granted Fabinho more freedom to roam and start Liverpool's attack. Thiago: 9 Injury issues long gone now and Thiago is discovering his best ever form of late in a Liverpool shirt. Ran the show in midfield from the very first minute. Jordan Henderson: 7 A true captain's performance and arguably the heartbeat of Liverpool's midfield in big matches. Mohamed Salah: 9 Has come under criticism of late in part due to the very high standards he has set but was simply sublime against a sub-par United side. Back to his best in front of the Anfield faithful. Sadio Mane: 9 An unbelievable pass for Liverpool's second and a brilliant finish for Liverpool's third. Has stepped up for the big moments in recent weeks. Luis Diaz: 9 Simple a revalation since his January arrival and has transformed Liverpool's attacking line-up. A goal and assist just like his fellow frontmen. Subs Diogo Jota: 7 Came on for Diaz and then played his part in Liverpool's fourth, providing the assist for Salah's second. Naby Keita: N/A James Milner: N/A