According to official Coronation Street spoilers, Imran Habeeb (played by Charlie De Melo) is set to resort to dirty tricks in order to gain custody of his son Alfie. Fans of the ITV soap will know Abi Frankin (Sally Carman) has been fighting for custody of her son alongside Imran after she gave birth not realising she was pregnant. If Imran wins the bitter custody battle, will Abi try to flee the cobbles with Alfie to raise him away from his father? Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor) recently broke up with Imran after she discovered he has secretly fathered a child with Abi. ITV soap spoilers have confirmed the character's heartbreak continues next week when she has to give up her foster daughter Elsie. Until recently, Toyah and Imran were intending to adopt the youngster together. However, the social worker ruled out the possibility of Toyah adopting Elsie as a single parent as they thought it was not in Elsie's best interests. READ MORE: University Challenge finalists despair over drag slang round  Toyah has no choice but to wave goodbye to Elsie as she leaves with the social worker in upcoming scenes. Having drowned her sorrows in alcohol, Toyah heads to the solicitors to confront Imran but she soon learns he has gone to visit Alfie. When Imran finally returns, he asks Toyah to let him put things right. However, she decides not to listen and leaves him in no doubt about how she feels.   Later on, Imran tells Abi he is looking for a new flat and suggests she could move in with Alfie, but she turns him down. He soon starts to fear Abi will be an unfit mother to Alfie if she wins custody of him. He decides to share his concerns with Toyah and tells her he intends to fight for custody of Alfie and that he would love her to help him raise his son, as a family. But how will Toyah react to his suggestion?  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Evelyn Plummer to exit after health scare [THEORY]Corrie’s Simon Gregson 'ejected from party after shirtless dance' [LATEST]Jennifer Wilson dead: Coronation Street and Doctors star dies aged 89 [UPDATE] Meanwhile, Abi tells Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell) she wants to return to work so she can afford to buy more things for Alfie. However, she is soon left stunned when she discovers Imran is planning to fight her for custody of their son. Determined to raise Alfie, Abi meets up with her solicitor and tells him she wants to apply for full custody. A fearless Abi later approaches Imran and reveals her intention to fight him all the way for custody of Alfie.  Imran has no plans of backing down and is set to resort to dirty tricks to win the custody war. Will he find a way to make it look as though Abi has relapsed? If he wins, will Abi flee Weatherfield with their son so Imran cannot track them down? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV at 8pm. 