In 2021, over 2,200 British expats registered as citizens in Malaga province in Spain. This was fewer than in 2020 but almost matched 2019’s figures. In the past four years, the British community in Malaga has grown by 9,000 residents. They are the largest group of international residents in the province followed by Moroccans, then Italians. In recent years there has also been a sharp increase in the number of Ukrainian residents and the population has grown by almost 50 percent in a decade. According to experts, Brexit was a catalyst for many Britons to apply for citizenship in Malaga. READ MORE: How to apply for your GHIC - a step-by-step guide Many British expats feared losing their rights after Brexit and made the move to officially register as citizens. Recently, British expats won the right to vote in UK elections even if they are living abroad as foreign residents. The Costa del Sol is one of Spain’s top destinations for British expats with many choosing to make their home there. Fuengirola, Marbella and Estepona are three of the top Costa del Sol hotspots for British expats. Jonathan Merry, CEO at MoneyTransfers.com shared his top tips for Britons looking to purchase a dream house abroad. He said: “While you may think you already know the ideal location for your home abroad, there are a number of factors to consider to ensure it really is the perfect place for you. “Homes by the beach are particularly attractive options but it’s important to remember seaside resorts can be very quiet in the winter months. “If you’re buying a holiday home which you’ll rent out it is worth looking at locations which are busy all year round. “It is also important to consider what amenities you’d like nearby such as local shops, restaurants and bars. “You should also double check if these complexes are open throughout the year or if they only operate during the tourist season.” He added: “We’ve all heard and seen horror stories involving Brits who have bought property abroad only for things to take a nasty turn. “Thankfully these situations aren’t particularly common but nevertheless it is vital you take all the precautions necessary to protect yourself and your purchase. “Hiring a lawyer to help you complete all of the paperwork and legal processes needed to buy a home is therefore a must. “You should ensure your lawyer is operating independently of your estate agent or the developers showing you your properties to make sure they are working in your best interests. “They must also understand property law in the country where you’re buying.” British expats will need to apply for Spanish residency from the UK now the Brexit transition period has ended.