Princess Michael of Kent has been married to Prince Michael of Kent since 1978, the Queen’s cousin. The royal is 77-years-old and has a very impressive figure. She was seen attending the memorial service for Prince Philip on Tuesday, March 29 and looked incredible. What diet does she follow?  Princess Michael spoke in 2007 about one of her favourite restaurants, Mark's Club. She said: “The food is English. This is terribly important. That is to say that it is not steak-and-kidney pie all the time, though they do have steak-and-kidney pie. “What do I mean by English food? I mean food that is fairly plain, with not much in the way of cream, which is a French tradition. “You are not aware of much oil in the cooking, nor too much in the way of herbs - again a foreign thing, other than English herbs like rosemary.  READ MORE: Weight loss: Michael Mosley's ‘lose a stone in 21 days’ diet plan “So in a sense, the food is plainer. But bland? Oh no, in no way bland. English food is not bland! “English food is full of salt and pepper. Too much, unfortunately. I'm very health-conscious. “The Prince and I are fortunate enough to be invited out quite a lot, whether it's an official or a private engagement, and so every now and then I do have to eat very wonderful rich things," the royal told the Guardian. The Princess also expanded on whether or not she enjoys sweet desserts.  She added: “I do eat pudding, yes. “I think at the moment there is a tendency to serve fruit en gelée. I certainly do it at home a lot - there is always a bowl of jelly in my refrigerator. Always. “So if I'm hungry - because I had to skip lunch for some reason - I just have jelly. “It's filling and not fattening, and it means I'm not having a sandwich."  The royal has also revealed that she has a passion for spaghetti but restricts herself to only eating it when in Italy. She also outlined how she uses spaghetti to avoid putting on weight. Princess Michael continued: “With spaghetti you don't put on weight, so you can have something like spaghetti with a fresh tomato purée. "Perhaps blended fresh tomatoes with some basil, a little bit of lemon, a little bit of cayenne, a little bit of ginger - I always put ginger on everything - a little bit of turmeric, and a few sesame seeds perhaps. To make it crunch. Delicious.”  The Princess has been open about not having cooks at home, instead choosing to cook for her own family. Similarly to another royal, Prince Charles, Princess Michael does not enjoy eating at lunch. She said: “I'm not a lady that lunches, to be honest with you. If I'm at home alone, I usually have a tray by my desk. "A delicious salad with lots of yummy things in it and a dressing made out of tahini and goat's yoghurt.” 