Yesterday’s £5.55 a week pension rise was wiped out by soaring inflation and spiralling fuel, energy and food costs. One campaign group urged ministers to introduce “an emergency support package specifically for older people”. While analysts warned over an increase in pensioner poverty levels and rising debt, affecting up to 12.4 million who claim the state pension. Research found that people receiving the new full pension will pick up £5.55 per week more, at £185.15 – but over a year that is £893 short of what they need to pay rocketing food, fuel and energy bills. Those on the basic state pension are even worse off: their £4.25 rise to £141.85 is £971 adrift of soaring costs. This year’s average energy bill is expected to rise by £693; that is more than three times the increase in the basic state pension and 2.4 times the rise in the new state pension. Typical food costs will go up by £180 while already-high petrol prices are tipped to rocket to as much as £2.50 per litre. These essential living costs of energy, food and fuel could rise by as much as £1,182 over the next year for a pensioner – leaving them to find an extra £23 a week. Last night there were warnings that the cost of living crisis hitting all households may worsen still further, with the war in Ukraine sending up average energy bills to £5,000 if global supplies are disrupted. An initial assessment from energy regulator Ofgem is understood to have told ministers that the price cap is on course to rise to around £2,400 in October – and may even rise further if the situation escalates. Becky O’Connor, head of pensions and savings at Interactive Investor which did the research on pensioner finances, said: “If pensioners thought they were already struggling and thought things couldn’t get much worse, sadly, they probably will. “The next 12 months will be very tough. Yesterday’s increase in state pension amounts is dwarfed by inflation which for pensioners may be even worse than the headline figures suggest because the current inflation rate does not reflect the much higher personal inflation rate that many pensioners, who spend a high proportion of their income on energy and food, will face. “The reality is that many pensioners may end up falling behind on bills. It’s a case of having to get through the next few months. Focus needs to be on making sure pensioners do not suffer from cold and hunger.” Dennis Reed, director of campaign group Silver Voices, said: “This research shows how mean-spirited and short-sighted it was for the Chancellor to suspend the triple lock guarantee last autumn. It leaves millions of senior citizens in a bleak and inescapable place. Many have already switched off their heating, turned off their TV for good and reduced food shopping to bare essentials. “It is impossible for them to find a further £20 a week without endangering their health and well-being. “The recent energy support package failed to do anything at all to relieve this plight, and older people feel abandoned by the Government in their moment of greatest need in decades. “The failed £5billion bribe to the oil companies to keep down fuel prices could instead have paid for the restoration of the triple lock. The Government must introduce an emergency support package specifically for older people and increase all state pensions by at least £500 per year now and a further £500 in the autumn before the next energy price hike.” The suspended formula had guaranteed pensions rose each year by the highest of inflation, earnings growth or 2.5 per cent. But ministers broke a manifesto pledge to drop it, blaming the Covid furlough scheme for pushing up earnings by eight per cent. There are two million pensioners living in poverty – the Centre for Ageing Better found that was 200,000 up in a year. One in five OAPs is below the poverty threshold, while Labour Party research said at least half a million more fell into debt over a decade. Data from the Office for National Statistics shows 550,000 more over-65s had financial liabilities in 2020 than in 2010. Moreover, a survey reported one in eight Britons plan to delay retirement by up to 10 years due to lack of money. Debt collectors Lowell said 21 per cent fear their pension will not be enough to live on. If the triple lock had been retained, the earnings increase of 8.8 per cent last September – the month that helps set the next year’s pension rise – would have led to a lower shortfall of £361 for recipients of the full pension, £553 for those on a basic state pension. Helen Morrissey, analyst at investment platform Hargreaves Lansdown, said: “Pensioner purchasing power is taking a pummelling.” A Government spokeswoman said: “We’re providing support worth around £12billion this financial year and next, to help households with the cost of living.” With inflation already running at 6.2 per cent, plus this month’s eye-watering hikes in energy prices, the paltry annual 3.1 per cent rise in our state pension is derisory. Pensioners on low and fixed incomes are already having to choose between eating and heating. The NPC and others have called on the Chancellor to reverse his decision to suspend the “triple lock”, which usually protects the annual state pension rise. His promise to reinstate the triple lock from April 2023, with some predicting a bumper £200-a-week state pension from 2024, is totally misleading. The UK state pension is not only one of the lowest in the developed world, it also perpetuates inequality by having two different tiered schemes. Not all retirees receive the full state pension – which rose to £185.15 yesterday if you retired after 2016, or £141.85 if you retired prior to 2016. Many others – mainly older women – won’t get anything near this, as their pensions are well below the minimum. So even if the Chancellor keeps his promises on the triple lock, not every retiree will be on a £200-a-week pension. More than 2.1million older people – and rising – currently live in poverty. Even with pension credit, they still struggle to pay bills and the NPC fears a humanitarian disaster is facing the older generation in the months ahead. It is not enough for the Chancellor to offer meagre, means-tested measures that don’t touch current price rises. Nor can we wait for pie-in-the-sky pension rises in a year’s time. We need help now – starting with the reinstatement of the triple lock. We sincerely hope he is listening. 