Princess Eugenie garnered widespread attention in 2011 when she wore a large and quite different Philip Treacy hat to Kate and William’s royal wedding. She is now a mother of one little boy called August, aged one, and happily married to Jack Brooksbank since 2018. What sort of parent is Princess Eugenie?  Angela Karanja, the founder of Raising Remarkable Teenagers spoke to Express.co.uk to uncover her parenting techniques. She said: “I believe Princess Eugenie is a very laid-back mum. “And what I mean by laid-back should be taken to mean unbothered or not caring, but it’s that tendency to do what must be done whilst not necessarily stressing over it. “For example, having her first baby pictures taken by her midwife shows how easy as a person she is.  READ MORE: Inside Frogmore Cottage where Sussexes will likely stay for Jubilee “As you can imagine most new mothers would not have their pictures taken, let alone by their midwife. “Being royal, she could have waited for a proper photoshoot. “But no, Eugenie chose otherwise.” Will Eugenie follow royal traditions with parenting, or follow her own ideas?   Angela continued: “Saying Princess Eugenie is laid back doesn’t mean she’s a pushover or one that must follow family traditions, even those which don’t resonate with her. “She knows she can make her own mark. Take for example, the decision to dress her new son in blue. “This shows her ability to parent with authenticity, a quality I believe will benefit and her son a lot. “Also, because Princess Eugenie is known as a person who likes to have fun, this personality often correlates with dropping your guard and strict expectations for yourself and others.  “For example, in that same Instagram post I mentioned earlier, she was outright acknowledging essential workers and specifically the midwife who took the photo. “Some strict people may have been thinking ‘get on with your work and/or you do what you are here for’. “This indicates she’s very likely to allow her son to fully express himself as he grows up and will be very supportive of that quality. “How we treat essential workers is very indicative of our mentality and because this is mainly subconscious this does slip and spew into how we treat our families too.”  Princess Eugenie loved going clubbing when she was younger - will she be a fun mum, similar to her own mum, Sarah Ferguson? Angela added: “I totally think she will continue being a fun mum. I think once you have experienced that feeling of authentic fun, you never want to go back. How can you? “Fun is freeing, fun is healing, fun is liberating, fun is life giving. In addition, she’s with a husband who also loves to have fun. “So, we have two peas in a pod, and I think it's just a beautiful symphony and that child is in for some fun moments,” the expert claimed. 