Charles Leclerc has apologised to Ferrari after spinning out of a guaranteed podium at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix. Leclerc was lying in third before spinning at the Variante Alta in his relentless pursuit of Red Bull’s Sergio Perez. The Monegasque took too much kerb on the entrance to the corner which knocked his Ferrari sideways and into the wall. He was able to continue but needed to pit for a new front wing which dropped him down to ninth. The championship leader fought back in the closing stages, passing three cars to finish sixth. Posting on Twitter, he said: “I gave it all but went over the limit at the end. “Sorry to the team and to all the tifosi that supports us. Instead of a P3, it ended up in a P6. We’ll come back stronger.” READ MORE: Charles Leclerc spotted with head in hands after blowing Imola GP The crash meant Leclerc dropped seven points from where he could have finished but it could have been 10 if he had managed to pass Perez in the last laps. Max Verstappen won the race to secure his second victory of the season, bringing him back into play in the championship. Leclerc’s title advantage has been dramatically cut with the Ferrari man now just 27 points ahead of Verstappen. Red Bull is also back in play for the constructors’ crown with the gap dropped to just 11 points. After the race, Leclerc claimed the error came because he was simply ‘too greedy’ in his pursuit of Perez. 2016 champion Nico Rosberg said Leclerc needed to ‘avoid’ any similar incidents if he wants to stand a chance to fight for his maiden world title. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen felt Imola win was deserved after Charles Leclerc issue [INSIGHT]Charles Leclerc adds to Ferrari woes at Imola after major mistake  [ANALYSIS]FIA ruined Imola drama with dubious delay that hurt Lewis Hamilton [COMMENT] He said: “Charles... If you're fighting for a Championship against Max Verstappen you just cannot allow yourself to spin out there when you're just driving on your own. Yes, he was hunting down Sergio Perez but the pressure on was Perez. "To spin like that, my goodness, he has to avoid that for the rest of the season if he wants to win the Championship."