The former Tory chief whip has written to the chairman of the Conservative 1922 Committee Sir Graham Brady calling for a vote of no confidence in the Prime Minister. In his letter, Mr Harper said that having been found guilty of breaking the laws he set, he had concluded Mr Johnson was unable to deliver the "principled leadership" the country needed.    He said the Ministerial Code made clear ministers who knowingly misled Parliament would be expected to resign. Mr Harper added: "The clearest example of the toxic culture in 10 Downing Street that the Prime Minister fostered was the partying by senior political appointees hours before Her Majesty The Queen laid to rest her beloved husband of 73 years during a period of national mourning. "Given we now know that the Prime Minister broke the law and there was systemic law-breaking in 10 Downing Street it is difficult to avoid the conclusion that the Prime Minister has misled Parliament. "It is especially at times of international crisis and tensions that our country needs a Prime Minister who commands trust, obeys the law and exemplifies the very values that we are trying to defend."   The letter comes after Mr Harper told Mr Johnson in the Commons that he needed to quit after he was fined by police for breaking his own COVID-19 rules. He said: "I strongly support the Government's actions in standing up to Putin's aggression and helping Ukraine defend itself and our values and it's exactly at times like this that our country needs a Prime Minister who exemplifies those values. "I regret to say that we have a Prime Minister who broke the laws that he told the country they had to follow, hasn't been straightforward about it and is now going to ask the decent men and women on these benches to defend what I think is indefensible. "I'm very sorry to have to say this, but I no longer think he is worthy of the great office that he holds."   READ MORE ABOUT A UK SHOW OF FORCE TO PUTIN Mr Johnson replied: "I must say to [him], I know the care and the sincerity with which he weighs his words and I bitterly regret what has happened. "I bitterly regret the event in Downing Street as I have said, but I do believe that it is the job of this Government to get on with the priorities of the British people and that is what we're going to do."  The Prime Minister insisted in the Commons that he did not know he was breaking his own coronavirus rules and offered MPs a "wholehearted apology" after being fined by police. Mr Johnson repeated his apology on Tuesday after Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle approved a vote on whether he lied to MPs with his earlier denials.  DON'T MISS: Snake warning as Scottish walker spots huge adder on hike [REVEALED] Café owner's disgust as tourist brands all locals 'inherently lazy' [REPORT] Photos show missiles being loaded onto HMS Audacious in Gibraltar [LATEST]  The PM is due to be on a Government visit to India when the vote takes place on Thursday. After the House returned from its Easter recess, Mr Johnson said he was speaking in "all humility" by acknowledging the fine police issued over the gathering in No 10 for his birthday in June 2020. He said: "I paid the fine immediately and I offered the British people a full apology, and I take this opportunity on the first available sitting day to repeat my wholehearted apology to the House. "Let me also say, not by way of mitigation or excuse, but purely because it explains my previous words in this House, that it did not occur to me then or subsequently, that a gathering in the Cabinet Room just before a vital meeting on Covid strategy could amount to a breach of the rules.   "I repeat that was my mistake and I apologise for it unreservedly. I respect the outcome of the police investigation, which is still under way, and I can only say that I will respect their decision-making and always take the appropriate steps." Mr Johnson added that he has taken "significant steps" to change No 10. Conservative MP Jacob Rees-Mogg told Andrew Marr on LBC that Mr Johnson did not knowingly mislead Parliament. He said: "We have such regard for the rule of law in this country that even the head of government is accountable and has been fined. I think it clearly has been established that [Mr Johnson] did not mislead the House."    It comes after the Prime Minister, his wife Carrie Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak, were last week issued with fixed-penalty notices by police investigating claims of coronavirus lockdown breaches in No 10. On December 1, the PM, in response to press reports about an alleged No 10 Christmas party in 2020, assured MPs that "all guidance was followed completely" in Downing Street. But he has since been fined for the gathering on his 56th birthday in which he was said to have been "ambushed" with a cake. The police investigation into other alleged breaches continues with the Conservative Party leader alleged to have been at six of the 12 events being probed by officers.    The Prime Minister is expected to address a rare meeting of the full Conservative parliamentary party in a bid to "clear the air" tonight. It is believed that just over a dozen Tory MPs are calling for Mr Johnson to resign, but that number could rise if his response to the fine goes down badly. Fifty-four letters of no confidence to the backbench 1922 Committee are required to prompt a vote of no-confidence in the leader. 