Cleanfluencer Lucy has detailed how she uses limescale tablets to leave her washing smelling beautiful. The product not only improves her washing but extrends the life of her washing machine. The Briton is a mum and cleaning aficionado, who keeps her home sparkling and uses her social media to show others how. She posts cleaning tips to her Instagram account @cleaningithlucy. They can also get her tips on her TikTok account Cleaning With Lucy and her Youtube channel. On her TikTok account, Lucy explained why and how she uses limescale tablets. She said: "Limescale tablets are brilliant! They soften hard water which makes your detergent work to its full advantage during a wash. READ MORE: 'Fabulous': Lynsey Crombie £2 hack for eliminating washing machine smells "Your clothes smell cleaner and they also clean your machine at the same time to help keep it alive for longer. "I highly recommend these! Most supermarkets make their own or you can use Calgon." Soft water is better for washing clothes for a number of reasons. Firstly, it is less likely to cause irritation than hard water, because it is better at removing detergent from clothes. DON'T MISSLynsey Queen of Clean's tip to get rid of washing machine smells [HACK] Lynsey Crombie says use bicarb of soda washing your clothes [CLEANING] Simple shower cleaning routine 'breaks down any hard water stains' [EXPERT] Leftover detergent on clothes can play havoc with skin, especially for those who already have skin conditions. What's more, those with soft water need only use about half the usual amount of detergent. As well as making hard water softer, the tablets keep your washing machine in good condition. This will have washing smelling better for longer and save money in the long run. Recently, the cleaner detailed her three-and-a-half-hour-long washing machine deep clean. During the wash, she drains the valves on your washing machine. She also cleaned the detergent drawer and wiped it down with more Flash. She used a Sonic Scrubber to clean the inside of the drawer compartment.