While some people will be better off, others will see their budgets stretched to the max. What will these changes mean for you and who exactly will benefit? It’s been a tough few months for many Britons, some are struggling to have any money left over as bills soar and the price of food and petrol rockets. While the Government is still ploughing ahead with its National Insurance increase of 1.25 percent, it did offer a lifeline to the lowest paid earners last week. Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced he was increasing the threshold at which National Insurance has to be paid by £3,000. Mr Sunak said: “From July, people will be able to earn £12,570 a year without paying any income tax or National Insurance." READ MORE: PIP update: Thousands missing out on DWP benefit of £627 a month The move should make 30 million people in the UK around £330 a year better off. Approximately 70 percent of people will see a reduction in their National Insurance bill, despite the 1.25 percent increase to pay for the NHS and social care. Laura Suter, head of personal finance at AJ Bell, welcomed the move. She said: "The Government says that 70 percent of people currently paying National Insurance will see a reduction in their bill, even with pushing ahead with the increased 1.25 percent levy.” DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis' advice if energy firm is doubling your direct debit [ALERT]State pension payment date change takes place in two weeks [UPDATE]State pensioners could boost sum using National Insurance option [INSIGHT] However, the planned National Insurance increase will still go ahead despite the fact that it has been widely criticised. It will mean National Insurance will hit 13.25 percent for people earning between £184 and £967 a week from April. This will also apply to pensioners, in the past people who have reached state pension age have been exempt from paying National Insurance. Yet they will be expected to pay the 1.25 percent Health and Social Care Levy if they earn more than £184 a week. Pensioners say it will leave them struggling to survive. Many are already facing financial difficulties because rising energy bills and the cost of living have left them with very little money left for anything else. Campaigners are worried that measures like these are just a drop in the ocean and won’t go far enough to prevent more people being pushed into poverty. They are encouraging everyone, in particular pensioners, to do a benefits check to ensure they are receiving all the Government help they are entitled to. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea How much is National Insurance rising this month? National Insurance will rise 1.25 percentage points from April. The new rate of 13.25 percent will apply to people paying the Class 1 National Insurance rate on income between £184 to £967 a week (£797 to £4,189 a month). An employee earning £20,000 a year will have to fork out an extra £130. Anyone on a £50,000 salary will have to find an additional £505.