The Duke of Cambridge began attending the University of St. Andrews near Edinburgh, Scotland in 2001. Despite being the eldest son to the heir to the throne, William did manage to have quite a bit of privacy whilst he was living at the university. To ensure that no stories were leaked to the press during his time time there, his university friends were reportedly required to sign "confidentiality agreements". Speaking on the latest episode of Vanity Fair's royal podcast Dynasty, hosts Katie Nicholl and Erin Vanderhoof discussed William's University experience and the "confidentiality agreements" at hand. Ms Vanderhoof said: "It seems like William met [at university] a lot people whom he was able to trust and take seriously". Referring to Katie Nicholl's book, The Making of a Royal Romance: William, Kate, and Harry, Ms Vanderhoof said: "As you note in your book, they seem to have signed confidentiality agreements, along with a sponsio academica, the school's honour code, at the beginning of term". Ms Nicholl added: "Very strange concept, have to sign the confidentiality agreements,  but of course he was a future King and this whole idea was to enable him to have a ordinary existence. "His friends had to legally promise not to leak stories about his activities to the press and as result, his experience was remarkably ordinary and very happy". READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew be stripped of York dukedom after losing Freedom of City? William choosing to attend St Andrew's actually meant that he broke a tradition in the royal family, where members of the family often went to either Oxford University or Cambridge University. Prince William initially wanted to obtain a degree in Art History, and he chose St. Andrews for its prestigious art program. He later chose to study geography instead. St. Andrews attracted a lot of attention after it was announced that the future King had chosen to attend the school. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'tried to enforce' tour rules under threat of being 'thrown out' of visit It was also reported that Prince William is said to have gone by Steve while studying. The future king wanted to have a relatively normal experience and chose the name so he wouldn’t draw attention to himself. It was at St. Andrews that Prince William met his future wife, Kate Middleton. The pair lived in the same residence hall and had several mutual friends. They originally started as friends but eventually they became a couple. DON'T MISS In 2010, after dating for over a decade, William and Kate announced their engagement. The two then got married on April 29, 2011. Since their big day, the couple have welcomed three children, sons Prince George, eight, and four-year-old Prince Louis and a daughter, Princess Charlotte, six.