Erik ten Hag is the main contender for the Manchester United job. And it’s now been revealed the 52-year-old heartbreaking lost two close friends when he was younger years before links to Old Trafford arose. That tragedy, it seems, has spurned him on to become one of the best managers in the modern game. According to De Telegraaf journalist Marcel Van der Kraan, writing for BBC Sport, Ten Hag suffered heartache when he was younger. Two of his friends tragically lost their lives, while a third suffered a serious injury that prevented them from playing football. “When he started out in the FC Twente academy at around the age of 14, he was quickly moved up to the U18s and he played for many years with the same guys, most of whom stayed mates with him and still are,” said Van der Kraan. “But while he was there two of his best friends died, one in a plane crash in Suriname. “Andy Scharmin, a boy who was destined to play for the Netherlands, was selected for an exhibition game by Suriname, who didn't have a formal national team, and he chose to go. “The plane he was on crashed and killed a large number of the team. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “He was one of Ten Hag's closest friends - they did everything together. That was a massive upset in his life. “Another friend took his own life, and a third suffered a horrific injury. “All three had looked destined for an international career. “That affected him quite a bit and he did draw inspiration from wanting to succeed where his friends never got the chance to. “A lot came from the heartbreak of losing his friends. That still drives him on, even now.” Ten Hag has used his tragic past to drive him on in management. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players The work he’s done at Ajax has been sensational, with the Eredivisie outfit now recognised as a European giant once again. And Van der Kraan thinks he’s comparable to managerial legends Pep Guardiola and Johan Cruyff. His football philosophy has always been like Pep Guardiola's and Johan Cruyff's. He likes to attack, to create things on the pitch. “I followed PSV Eindhoven for some time when he was the assistant manager there, just as he was Steve McClaren's assistant at FC Twente,” he said. “He was instrumental at those clubs. “He never tried to push in but the managers were so reliant on him because he was tactically so strong. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It was a joy for them to have him and that says a lot about him. “When he was at Bayern Munich as their reserve-team boss he loved it. “It was almost like a dream come true for him to have a manager in Guardiola who was working the same way he wanted to work. “He said to me once that he loved spending time with Guardiola, loved talking to him. “He had to produce players ready for the first team as the reserve manager so that's why the whole set-up worked for him. “Players can find it hard with him because, like Guardiola, he comes across as a bit obsessive. “To get a style like you do at Ajax - Dutch Total Football, basically - it needs lots of work and lots of attacking players. “It leaves a lot of space and you want your defenders playing really high up. “It entails a lot of risk and you have to be a bit of a maniac to instil in your players that every pass has to be just right, that there can be no mistakes. “But his man management is excellent and all his players say they have learnt so much from him.”