Countryfile viewers tuned in on Sunday night to find the show, named Plant Britain by the Sea, was dedicated to beach clean-ups and how members of the public can help with global warming. However, as the presenters found new ways to restore life among the tide line and on the sea beds, viewers flooded Twitter as they claimed the show was "afraid" of doing any "real farming". Introducing the episode, Matt Baker was seen walking along a beach: "Back in November of 2020, we launched Plant Britain. "We asked you to get planting to help combat climate change, benefit wildlife, your well-being and create something amazing for generations to come. "Some of you planted window boxes, you grouped together to grow community gardens, you planted flowers and trees. "Together, we made the planet that little bit greener, well, now it is time to turn our attentions to the blue spaces too." READ MORE: BBC Breakfast guest on Rishi Sunak debate 'Two chancellors' John Craven also opened up about his time spent on beaches when he was younger and expressed to viewers that change needed to happen soon to save the sea life. He began: "We're on the Solent, which lies between Southampton, Portsmouth, and the Isle of White, its coastline has beautiful beaches stretching for miles and some of the finest sailing waters in the country. "We all have fond memories of the times we have spent by the British seaside, as a child, I had some wonderful adventures along the Yorkshire coast looking for tiny crabs in rock pools and strange shape shells and being watched over by noisy seagulls. "Looking back now, those are my first formative steps into a lifetime fascination with the natural world. "Who would have ever imagined the devastating impact human activity would have on our coastline in the following decades. "Unless we act now, we are in real danger or leaving no future for many of the plant and animal species that have always been, that have always delighted everyone who looked for them." However, many viewers were disappointed with the episode as they were looking forward to the farming aspect which the show is known for and expressed their views on social media. Bobby Howard tweeted: "Remembers a simpler time when #countryfile was about actually about farming." DON'T MISS...‘No pressure’ Matt Bakes talks uncertain future of family farm [INSIGHT]Newsround presenter John Craven celebrates 50 years  [LATEST]BBC viewers stunned by ‘scary’ weed killer investigation [WATCH] Paul Davies commented: "Have you noticed on #countryfile they are too afraid to have any real farming?" Carl Draper added: "Sheesh, this episode is tiring. Wtf is this? Coastfile? Can we have an episode where there is actual farming? On land. In the countryside." While Sara Gibbons said: "They seem to think on #Countryfile that if we plant a few trees and litter pick our local beach, it’ll sort out climate change and our mucking up the environment." However, not all viewers were annoyed by the episode, with Hannah Maxwell praising: "Yes to the sea litter awareness! People always forget about the global warming affecting the seas #Countryfile." Naomi James agreed: "People often forget that the sea is a wasteland for plastic and the poor animals and bacteria end up dying because of our ignorance." (sic). Throughout the episode, Matt, John, Charlotte Smith and Ellie Harrison travelled across the coastlines, informing viewers of ways they can help the sea environment. Clips of famous faces who supported the global warming challenge were also inserted throughout the episode and encouraged viewers to begin to make a change. Countryfile airs Sunday at 6pm on BBC One.