Kate understood what role she was going to be covering during her royal life from the very beginning, according to royal author Ingrid Seward. This brings her much closer to the Queen - who embraced her role from the moment she was dramatically put in the direct line of succession to the throne following the abdication of her uncle King Edward VIII - than to Princess Diana, the expert claimed. Asked what to expect from the future Queen Consort, she told the Evening Standard: "I would compare her to a young Princess Elizabeth. "Kate has always known her destiny and is ready for it now - unlike Diana, who shied away from it and never wanted it. "She has understood her role from the beginning and made it her ambition to do it properly." Ms Seward also said the Duchess of Cambridge has "very willingly" accepted to take on some of the massive royal workload at a time the Firm lost three of its working members - the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and Prince Andrew. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here Kate currently holds more than 20 patronages, ranging from sports, mental health and children's wellbeing. However, she continued, Kate does not take on any royal duty or patronage going her way. Rather, she has been making conscious choices to forge a clear path through her own patronages and project. Ms Seward said: "Kate won’t just take on anything — it has to be something that really interests her, where she feels she can make a difference." READ MORE: Charlene of Monaco parents children like Kate Middleton - here's how Her main, legacy-making, interest is in childhood wellbeing and the society's approach to the early years. The Duchess started working with patronages related to early childhood and issues that could impact the wellbeing of youngsters since she joined the Royal Family more than a decade ago. She has also worked with experts to better understand issues related to the early years, launching a steering group in 2018. In January 2020, she launched a nationwide survey focused on Britain's understanding of the early years and the impact experiences made during the first five years of life can have on the development of children. The results of this successful poll, combined with expert research and case studies, were unveiled 10 months later during the Royal Foundation's first forum focused on the early years. One year later, in June 2021, Kate launched the Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood, with the goal to "drive awareness of and action on the extraordinary impact of the early years, in order to transform society for generations to come". Kate even joined forces with US First Lady Dr Jill Biden last June as they wrote a joint op-ed focused on their shared commitment to elevating the importance of early care and learning for children. Kate was last seen in public last Tuesday, when she attended the service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip at Westminster Abbey alongside Prince William, Prince George and Princess Charlotte. While the Duke of Cambridge led his firstborn as they were being welcomed by clergymen lined up to meet the key attendees at the memorial, Kate supported Princess Charlotte navigate this key duty. Kate and William returned to England two days prior to the poignant service, also attended by the Queen. Between March 19 and 26, the couple travelled to Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas for a whirlwind tour marking the 70th year on the throne of the Queen. This was just one of the trips planned for the Platinum Jubilee year. During the same week, the Duke and Duchess were in the Caribbean, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, and Prince Charles visited Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland for a total of four days. Moreover, next Monday Princess Anne will embark in a two-day visit to Papua New Guinea. Later this month, Sophie, Countess of Wessex, and Prince Edward will visit Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia, and St Vincent and the Grenadines.