Rishi Sunak has asked Boris Johnson's independent advisors to review his declaration of interests following a row over his wife's tax affairs and his use of a US green card. However, Andrew Pierce told GB News hosts Rosie Wright and Stephen Dixon that he didn't think the future looked bright for the Chancellor.  Pierce began: "[It's] a huge mess. Timing is everything in politics so for it to emerge that his wife is a non-dom the day after the National Insurance rise kicked in for lots of ordinary homes, your pension we're hearing today is at 3.1 percent, he sets all these rates and then we discover she's not paying taxes in this country in the way we all do. "[It's] legitimate, no law broken but is it right of you're a Chancellor? No, it looks back." "How do you think he's going to play this now?" Wright asked. Pierce replied: "Well he's got to stop playing the victim because that's just not washing. Read more: TalkTV launches news show hosted by Tom Newton Dunn  "First of all, it was all about getting to him through his wife then it's all about a leak and the police should be called in. He's just got to be open and transparent. "We also need to know about why he had this green card for quite so long." "Does it matter?" Dixon questioned as Pierce explained: "Well I think it's a bit odd. "If you see what the green card is it's effectively you're regarded as a citizen of the United States. "He's the Chancellor of the Exchequer in Britain why did he keep that green card for so long? Was he paying taxes in the United States too and here? Not sure." Dixon asked: "Is he the sort of person who would say, 'I'm going to walk away from this?'" Pierce remarked: "I think there was a moment last week when there was a wobble and he could have walked away. "Look he's fantastically successful, he's very rich, his wife's stake in the big company that her father founded is worked out to be £720million so they're not exactly poor anytime soon." DON'T MISSRichard Madeley blasts Archbishop of York 'What about retribution? [INSIGHT]Lowri Turner hits out at stop-oil protest 'Disrupting ordinary people' [VIDEO]'If that's ok!' Ranvir Singh blasts ITV bosses over Emma Corrin dress [INTERVIEW] "They're the richest couple that have ever set foot in Westminster so he could have a whole new life outside of Westminster because he's not going to be Prime Minister," he continued. "I think that's dead in the water. A few months ago he was the heir apparent, the golden boy he could do no wrong." Rosie questioned whether Sunak had been "naive" and pointed to the "team around the Chancellor". "You'd have thought so Rosie," Pierce replied. "That non-dom status was always going to get out at some point and of course, it's been pushed out politically at the most damaging time for him."  Last week, it was revealed Sunak's wife Akshata Murty had "non-domicile" status, meaning she did not have to pay tax in the UK on her earnings elsewhere. She has since chosen to change her tax arrangements as she did not to be a "distraction" for her husband. It then emerged Sunak had previously retained a US immigration green card. Addressing the review, the Chancellor tweeted: "I have always followed the rules and I hope such a review will provide further clarity." GB News kicks off with Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel on weekdays at 6am.