Ricky Gervais has opened up on a "weird" side effect he experienced after testing positive for Covid. His partner Jane filmed him talking in his sleep as he compared the noises he was making to that of a "cartoon dog". The After Life star returned to social media after three weeks away, explaining he took a break due to catching “the old Covid”. While he was poorly, Ricky said he exhibited a “weird” side effect, which his long term partner Jane Fallon caught on camera. The star added that it reminded him of a “cartoon dog”. “I'm getting over it now and she's getting over it,” he explained in a Twitter video. "It was like a cold with a temperature for a couple of days", he added. "One night I was asleep right in a sort of fevery haze and I was talking in my sleep. "Well, I was talking in my dream and I woke myself up because I could hear what was actually coming out which was 'blah blah blah', and Jane recorded it when I had a bit of a nap once." Ricky joked that “it was like a dog talking in a cartoon”. Continuing to discuss the side effects, he admitted he felt “tired all the time”. But that also was a general side effect of the pandemic, he added, revealing the last two years had left him feeling “lazy” and like he “can’t be bothered”. In recent tweets, Ricky hit out at the acting community, begging them to “act normally” amid Will Smith’s Oscars slap and the ensuing fallout. "Dear TV and film stars, why are some of you so f*****g weird?" he challenged, in view of almost 15 million followers. "You're actors. Some of you, great actors. So just act normal. Simple." Robin Ince - who will be undertaking a Horizon tour with Brian Cox this year - took the opportunity to indulge in some banter with Ricky, as he reacted to the tweet. He quipped: "I like hearing this advice from a man who insisted I should be buried on a beach, hung up on a coat rail by parcel tape & who used to hide in my dressing room shower cubicle so he could leap out screaming. NORMAL." Ricky jokingly hit back: "Good point, but at least I never sat on ham to coax out anal parasites or drank milk directly from a cows udder, Robin." Ricky had previously insisted he would be “asleep” during the Oscars and wouldn’t be bothering to watch the ceremony. However, he did tweet to say what his opening gambit would have been, had he been hosting. Ricky said: “I'd start with "Hello. I hope this show helps cheer up the ordinary people watching at home. “If you’re unemployed for example, take some comfort in the fact that even if you had a job, your salary probably wouldn't be as much as the goody bag all the actors have just been given.”