Steve Coogan compared his alter-ego, Alan Partridge, to former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan, telling BBC Breakfast viewers the controversial broadcaster believes he's "edgy and relevant". The comedian also thought his famous character was similar to Richard Madeley who presents the ITV show since Pier's dramatic exit. Speaking to Steve on the red sofa, host Charlie Stayt said: "For those who don't know the Partridge character very well, he started as a sports presenter didn't he in a minor role on another comedy show?" Steve agreed and revealed he was not expecting to play the character for three decades. When Naga Munchetty asked who he based the character on, Steve replied: "Almost every presenter has had a Patridge moment and I'm sort of galvanising on that and chuck it into this big bucket marked Partridge and regurgitate it." READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves'  He added: "If you fused Richard Madeley and Piers Morgan you might get close to who Patridge is at the moment. "I think Piers Morgan like the think of himself as cutting edge and edgy and relevant." Charlie interjected: "The odd thing is, as someone who works in this industry, is that I think it's become a badge of honour to think you were the inspiration for Partridge, I think it has gone full circle." The actor replied: "He started out as a buffoon and there is now some affection for him so it's like although he is misguided and ill-informed he is not nasty and not wicked.  "He tries to do the right thing and I think people see him as a slightly inept uncle [from] their parents' generation getting things slightly wrong." Reflecting on his alter-ego, Steve added: "There are worse people in the world." He said many people laugh at the character as they see their relatives in his personality. Steve went on to discuss his Alan Partridge 2022 tour across the country where he talked about his character evolving over the decades.  DON'T MISS...Steve Coogan’s Scottish Independence U-turn laid bare [LATEST]Steve Coogan on ‘culture shock’ of writing comedy away from BBC [INSIGHT]‘Play devil’s advocate’ Steve Coogan on ‘heated rows’ with co-star [INTERVIEW]  "If there are any banana skins which are out there in the world he slides over them all," Steve joked. Charlie said Alan would be a "massive liability" in the current climate were he to exist in the real world. "I think he is weirdly uncancellable because he can say all the things you are not supposed to say and people will laugh at it," Steve replied. However, Naga wondered whether Steve restricts himself on what Alan can say during sketches.   "When we write it we are laughing and have great fun cooking stuff up but sometimes we censor ourselves," Steve explained. He said he would not want to "punch down" at groups who are marginalised but will "have a go" at people who are in power. Steve later said he has become more acutely aware of sexual politics when writing content. BBC Breakfast continues on weekdays between 6am and 9am on BBC One. 