Joseph Gatt, who played Thenn Warg on the popular HBO series Game of Thrones, was arrested and served with a search warrant at his Los Angeles, California home on April 6. The 50-year-old British actor was released on $5,000 bail the same day of his arrest. According to reports, LAPD sources have said James was taken into custody and arrested on an outstanding felony warrant for "contact with a minor for a sexual offense". The LAPD's Juvenile Division, Internet Crimes Against Children (ICAC) Task Force, are now seeking to identify any additional victims after the arrest. Joseph has since issued a statement via his official Twitter account and has denied the allegations. In view of his 7,677 followers yesterday, he wrote: "I obviously want to address the absolutely horrifying and completely untrue allegations recently leveled against me. READ MORE: Danni Menzies reignites row with viewer over 'hooker outfit' swipe "They are 100 per cent categorically wrong and reckless. I have confirmed errors and misleading information in today's press release." He went on: "I am fully cooperating with police and LAPD to get to the bottom of this. I look forward to clearing my good name. "Thank you to all of my friends and supporters who know that this is untrue and understand for legal reasons I cannot comment further on social media." Joseph played Thenn Warg in the Game of Thrones whose character was a member of the Thenn, a tribe of Free Folk known for their practices of ritual self-scarification and cannibalism. His character appeared in three episodes of the George R. R. Martin series in 2014. The actor has also starred in major blockbuster films including the live-action Disney remake Dumbo, Stark Trek Into Darkness and Thor. He started his acting career with an appearance on the British police drama The Bill in 1999. Outside of his acting, James has also modeled for a number of campaigns in the past. DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham dressed celeb pals at Brooklyn's wedding[LATEST]'She's too good for you' Alex Beresford speaks out on engagement news[ENGAGEMENT]Edwina Currie slams Rylan Clark's claim Boris 'broke the law'[TWITTER] Some of the brands he has modeled for include Gucci, Guess, and Giorgio Armani. Joseph was diagnosed with alopecia at the age of 12 and opened up about his hair loss condition on social media. The actor chimed in regarding the Chris Rock and Will Smith slap at the 2022 Oscars. "I want to be clear about my feelings. I’m pissed because I’ve spent a lifetime being bullied, abused, mocked and 'made fun of' because of my Alopecia (and other things)," he wrote on Twitter. He went on to add that Chris' comment was "highly insensitive and ignorant". Joseph currently resides in Los Angeles with his girlfriend Mercy Malick. The couple first began dating in 2009.