Paddy McGuinness was back on Friday night to host the BBC quiz show, while team captains Sam Quek and Ugo Monye went head to head in each round. To make up their teams, the duo were joined by England rugby union international Joe Marler, world champion swimmer Fran Halsall, Olympic gold medal-winning modern pentathlete Joe Choong and jockey Tom Scudamore. Since the change of hosts and team captains was announced last year, many fans have pleaded with Question of Sport to bring back the original host and team captains Sue Barker, Matt Dawson and Phil Tufnell. Taking to social media on Friday to share their thoughts, Twitter user @t50369920 pleaded: "Please either bring back Tuffers and Matt or pack it in!! Flogging a dead horse…………shocking viewing." Twitter user @alberte95790227 raged: "It's that bad they don't display the scores during the final round to pretend it's exciting. Score 19-12. When did that ever happen with Phil and Matt? Tuned in for the last five minutes and was bored waiting on WILTY coming on." After last week's instalment, Jono Nixon tweeted: "@QuestionofSport Switched off @PaddyMcGuinness get off my telly. Bring back the old show @SueBarkerTennis @philtufnell @matt9dawson The best quiz show ruined." READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? Other fans slammed the format change to the show, with Martin tweeting: "How to ruin an institution. No charisma, format ruined. Don’t even know the scores… please sort it." While Martin Lea fumed: "Sorry, I’ve tried to watch but it has become embarrassing - a great BBC show ruined by the BBC…" However, not everyone was unhappy with the programme as fan Darryl Daltrey commented: "Unpopular opinion but the new question of sport is better than the old one." Andy Gallagher went on to praise: "It really does my head in when people say that the show is no longer good to watch. It's not true! Paddy, Sam and Ugo are funny/phenomenal in the roles and Paddy is phenomenal at hosting the show. If people don't like it. They should stop following on Twitter." (sic) During Friday's instalment, the first round saw Sam and Ugo's teams trying to guess a number of sporting celebrities that popped up on the screen. Both teams got off to a cracking start, with Sam finishing the first round with nine points, while Ugo followed closely behind her with eight points. The next round saw Paddy asking a question and the teams had to try and guess the sports stars who were well known for that particular sport. After answering four names correctly, The One Show presenter then had to choose four sound clips which were taken from a live sporting event, ranging from tennis to volleyball. DON'T MISS...Olivia Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Olivia Frazer now? [CAST]A Place in the Sun's Danni speaks out on buyers rejecting properties [INSIGHT]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [VIDEO] Sam and her teammates had to try and guess which sporting events were which, and if they didn't know the answer, it was passed to Ugo's team. However, when it came to the former Strictly star's turn, things didn't go to plan as he only managed to guess one answer correctly, putting Sam's team into the lead. Elsewhere in the programme, each teammate was put under the spotlight as they had to answer a question about their own sport. Although, Ugo's team managed to turn things around because they ended the round with 16 points, while Sam remained on nine points. As the episode came to an end, Ugo's team rose to victory with 19 points, leaving Sam's team behind with 12 points. When Paddy took over from Sue as a presenter, he addressed the backlash from fans and admitted he can't take the criticism too personally. "It happens with a heritage show, doesn’t it? A change of the guard, and this was the time they were doing it," Paddy explained. "I did Take Me Out for 10 years, and it came to an end. That’s TV." In an interview with Mail on Sunday in August 2021, he added: "I didn’t sit with my head in my hands saying, 'Oh my God, what’s going on?' TV moves, all the time – you cannot take things too personally." Question of Sport returns on Friday at 7.30pm on BBC One.