Dementia is a pattern of cognitive decline that results from a cessation of communication between brain cells. Warning signs such as memory loss and an increased sense of confusion should prompt you to seek medical advice. Now new evidence suggests disciplined and extroverted people could be spared from cognitive decline in later life. Neurotic individuals, however, may not be so lucky. The new findings suggest people who are conscientious may be less likely to experience cognitive decline in later life, while neurotic people may have a higher predisposing for cognitive dysfunction The observation was made during an analysis of data from almost 2,000 individuals who received a personality assessment of their cognitive skills. Survey findings revealed that individuals with higher scores of conscientiousness were less likely to show signs of mild cognitive impairment over the course of the study. What’s more, those who scored highly on extraversion or those who scored low on neuroticism, maintained cognitive agility longer than other participants. READ MORE: Dementia warning: Accumulating cardiovascular risk factors quickly may raise dementia risk  Tomijo Yoneda, PhD, postdoctoral researcher in the Department of Medical Social Sciences, at Northwestern University, Chicago, pointed out that personality traits reflect individuals’ persistent thinking patterns. She told Medscape Medical News: “Personality traits reflect relatively enduring patterns of thinking and behaving, which may cumulatively affect engagement in health and unhealthy behaviours and thought patterns across the lifespan. “The accumulate of lifelong experiences may then contribute to the susceptibility of particular diseases or disorders, such as mild cognitive impairment, or contribute to individuals' differences in the ability to withstand age-related neurological changes.” The findings chime with those from previous research by the Florida State University College of Medicine, which looked at the traits of conscientiousness and neuroticism and their association with cognitive decline. The researchers pointed out that neuroticism measures a predisposition for negative emotions, whereas conscientiousness measures a tendency to be responsible and organised. The latter characteristic is consistently related to other healthy lifestyle habits, including diet and physical activity. Both lifestyle measures are widely known for their protective effects on the brain. Antonio Terracciano, professor of geriatrics who authored the study, said: “Such protection against neuropathology may derive from a lifetime difference in people’s emotions and behaviours. “For example, past research has shown that low neuroticism helps with managing stress and reduces the risk of common mental health disorders. “Similarly, high conscientiousness is consistently related to healthy lifestyles, like physical activity. “Over time, more adaptive personality traits can better support metabolic and immunological functions, and ultimately prevent or delay the neuro-degeneration process.” Age is the most significant predictor of cognitive decline, but many other risk factors are fortunately modifiable. According to researchers, doing regular physical activity can protect the brain by targeting the prefrontal cortex and hippocampus. Coupling exercise with a healthy diet, however, could drive the risk down further. Stopping smoking and keeping alcohol intake within recommended limits are also important preventive measures, according to the NHS.