Attendance Allowance is a payment administered by the Department for Work and Pensions which is available to pensioners. Claimants must have a long-term health condition or disability which affects them day-to-day and the benefit payment goes towards paying for the extra costs that arise as a result. In light of the DWP hiking benefit payment rates, those who are eligible are able to claim over £92 a week in support. Earlier this month, the payment rate for various benefits, including Attendance Allowance and the state pension, were raised in line with the rate of Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation from last year. This means that payments were hiked by 3.1 percent, despite inflation currently sitting at seven percent at the moment. As a benefit, Attendance Allowance is awarded at two different rates, one higher and one lower. Currently, the higher rate is £92.40 a week while the lower weekly rate is £61.85 for those in receipt of the benefit.  READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  How much a claimant gets in Attendance Allowance depends on the “severity” of their disability or health condition. If someone were to claim the full amount available from the payment, their monthly allowance would be £369.60. State pensioners who want to apply for this helpful benefit can do so by printing out an Attendance Allowance claim form from the gov.uk website. Completed forms must be sent to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance for the application to be completed. Age UK is one of the many organisations who help those on the state pension process their form and wider claim. On its website, the organisation explained: “When filling out the form, be really clear about how your illness or disability affects your life and attach any supporting information, such as GP letters, your care plans, or prescription lists. “Once you've submitted your form, the Department of Work and Pensions may contact you for more information or arrange a doctor visit. “It's a good idea to prepare for this visit by writing things down you think the doctor should know about. “You'll get a letter about whether or not you’ll get Attendance Allowance, how much, and from what date. “If you’re not happy with the decision, you can appeal. We have more information about appealing a benefits decision.” However, Turn2us has previously warned that claims for Attendance Allowance cannot be backdated which means those who are eligible should apply as soon as possible. The charity added: “The date of your claim will be the date you call and ask for a claim form as long as you complete and return it within the time given. “If you download a claim form, it will be the date your completed claim form is received.” Furthermore, anyone in receipt of this particular DWP benefit payment must inform the Government body of any changes to their circumstances.