Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared their solutions to removing mould from washing machine seals. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning and lifestyle influencer with more than 4.3 million followers on Instagram. The cleaning pro shares cleaning advice, DIY tips and a peek inside her life on her social media channels. Fans of hers have also created their own cleaning groups in her name dedicated to sharing cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Facebook user Amber Claybrook asked: “TIPS NEEDED! “One of my cleaning clients has mould inside the rubber seal of her washing machine. “We’ve tried Pink Stuff and a Scrub Daddy but it hasn’t shifted it. “She has also tried a washing machine cleaner on a boil wash and it hasn’t moved. Thanks in advance!” READ MORE: How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas Amber’s post was inundated with more than 100 comments from Mrs Hinch fans. One of the most popular responses to the post was to use a dishwasher in a cycle. Marie Mclachlan said: “Dishwasher tablets on a 90C wash.” Anne Hancock replied: “Bleach, two dishwasher tablets in the drum and run it on the hottest cycle. “Then use a washing machine cleaner on a hot cycle.” DON'T MISSHow to save spring bulbs after flowering - 4 easy steps to follow [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share dishwasher tablet tip to clean oven doors [UPDATE]Avoid keeping milk in door compartment of fridge to save hundreds [ANALYSIS] Sophie Wood said: “Put a dishwasher tablet in on a hot wash!” Monique Agnew wrote: “Dishwasher tablets are really good for cleaning washing machines.” Marie Barr Condliffe commented: “Put a dishwasher tablet in and put on.” Lisa Burton agreed and wrote: “I use dishwasher tablet and my machine has a drum clean setting it's brilliant.” Sainsbury's All In One Dishwasher Tablets, Lemon cost £5. ASDA Smart Price Dishwasher Tablets are just £1.50. Ecover Classic Dishwasher Tablets are available for £5 from Wilko. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using bleach, mould and mildew spray and white vinegar.  Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Marlene Smith said: “Place a thick layer of kitchen roll soaked in bleach tucked into the rubber seal round the door leave for a while or even overnight and that will remove it. “Before anyone says it will rot the rubber it WON'T, if it was done on a regular basis then it probably would. “Once clean dry round the rubber seal after each wash.” Karen Eccles agreed and wrote: “Soak kitchen roll in neat bleach and also into rims and leave over night. Works wonders and it’s cheap.”   Jill Best Was Martindale suggested: “Use white vinegar instead of fabric softener for a few weeks and it will clean every bit of your washer, and your washing will smell lovely and fresh. “I was recommended this and never used fabric conditioner since and not paying out for washing machine cleaner.” Natalie Baker said: “Astonish Mould and Mildew remover. “Also make sure to do the soap drawer and the jets above.”