Karim Benzema is edging closer to breaking Raul’s goalscoring record and becoming Real Madrid’s second all-time leading marksman after netting in their 3-2 win over Sevilla on Sunday. The France international bagged his 39th goal of the campaign at the Ramon Sanchez-Pizjuan Stadium. And that means his side are now on the cusp of yet another La Liga title. Benzema has been outstanding for Madrid ever since the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo in 2018. And he continued his sensational form by notching the winner against Sevilla on Sunday night to ensure they’re now on the verge of claiming the La Liga title. Benzema’s goal at the death was his 318th for the club since arriving from Lyon back in the summer transfer window of 2009. And he’s now just six behind Raul in their all-time scoring stats. Benzema has notched 51 times more than Los Blancos icon Alfredo Di Stefano, who is widely recognised as one of their best-ever players. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But he’ll still have to go a long way to notch more than Ronaldo, who struck 450 goals during his nine-year stint at the Bernabeu. Benzema’s decisive goal came at the end of a thrilling contest where the game lurched one way then the other. Former Barcelona star Ivan Rakitic put Sevilla ahead early on to rock Real. And ex-Tottenham winger Erik Lamela then doubled their advantage to put them in cruise control on the night. Real, though, mounted a stirring comeback in the second half to claim all three points. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Rodrygo, who struck against Chelsea in the Champions League in midweek, got the comeback started in the 50th minute. Nacho Fernandez then levelled the score with eight minutes left on the clock. And Benzema struck in the closing stages to spark wild scenes in the away end. Speaking after the game, Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti hailed his team for the way they performed in the second half. “It's a very important win after a first half that wasn't good”, he said. “The second half was spectacular for us. We showed commitment, personality and courage from all the players. “We're getting used to this because this team is capable of special things. “We haven't lost confidence at 2-0 down and the games against PSG and Chelsea have helped us to believe we can come back. “Everyone is waiting for Madrid to slip, but this team doesn't do it, because they have heart, character and personality. “We haven't won the league yet, but we've given it a good push with this win.” Sevilla boss Julen Lopetegui, meanwhile, accused his team of being scared to win the contest. “We lost the game and that is bad, in the first half we were well above them but in the second half they have come from behind,” he stated. “We didn’t know how to manage the key moments. There was fear of winning. “They scored very early in the second half, and made us doubt ourselves. We had a good first half, but there are two parts in every game.”