Adam Afriyie, the vice chairman of the All Party Parliamentary Group for Vaping, has warned that online sellers are using colours and flavours to target under-18s. It comes as trading standards officers have reported that thousands of children have been sold vaping devices.  According to a new report by Scottish Trading Standards (SCOTSS) a total of 88,839 disposable vaping devices were removed from sale as they were either not labelled correctly in accordance with the Tobacco and Related Products Regulations 2016. In addition, 3,683 disposable vaping devices were seized as they had a capacity which was over the legal limit of 2ml of nicotine liquid. Equally troubling were the concerns raised by SCOTSS in their report about legal products on the market: Their view is that these products have youth appeal: “There is no purpose for these devices to be brightly coloured other than for aesthetic reasons. The flavours of the vast majority are fruit-based or have the names of sweets such as “Bubble-gum,” “Candy,” “Sherbert,” or “Gummies.”  The use of these names and their design makes these devices particularly attractive to young people.” Mr Afriyie said: “Vaping has saved thousands of lives and helped millions of smokers to quit, so it is absolutely appalling that bad actors are trying to push these products to children. “This report reflects the irresponsible marketing and availability of these products to under 18s that could undermine the UK’s progressive stance on vaping, and I am keen that the Government does more to prevent youth access to these devices.” He went on: “I would like to see Sajid Javid and the Department of Health and Social Care tighten the Tobacco and Related Products Regulations as a matter of urgency to reduce the use of colours, images and flavour names that have a direct appeal to under 18s, such as cartoon characters, toys, or sweets, and ripping off well-known popular household brands.” He added: "Reduced risk products, such as e-cigarettes, nicotine pouches and heated tobacco products, play a huge role in encouraging people to transition to less harmful alternatives, and it is right that they are regulated properly to protect young people.”