The European Parliament signed off on the demand for member states to begin teaching lessons on “European integration” to improve pro-Brussels sentiment and squash Euroscepticism. However, critics have argued that the resolution is further proof that Brussels intends to create a European superstate.  Romanian MEP Cristian Terhes told the Telegraph that EU bureaucrats wanted to “indoctrinate” children “like the Communists”. He said: “EU bureaucrats are not losing any chance to undermine the sovereignty of EU national states, and the projects for a single EU curriculum proves it. “The EU has no power to legislate in education, which is a national competence. “These bureaucrats want to indoctrinate children from an early age, like the Communists once did.”   The report which prompted the resolution blamed an “insufficient knowledge of or ignorance about the EU and poor understanding of its functioning” on the bloc's unpopularity across a number of its national capitals. It calls on member states to develop a “renewed European momentum in citizenship education” as a way to counter the “allure of misinformation, extremist and populist discourses”. The 6,500-word report argues there should be a standard set for a “minimum understanding” of what it means to be an EU citizen along with the formation of a “European common identity”. According to the report, member states should be encouraged to “review and update their education systems – and all forms of EU-related curricula content at all levels”. READ MORE:Putin humiliated again as Ukraine destroys 'backbone of Russian army'   Domenec Ruiz Devesa, a Spanish MEP who was in charge of the report, said there was a “huge gap” between the “ aspirations” in the report and the reality. He said: “Citizenship is inadequately covered in curricula in schools in many EU countries. “There is a huge gap between the grand aspirations in the documents we publish and the reality on the ground. “Therefore we have made a number of recommendations to remedy the situation.”  DON'T MISS:  Putin plunged into crisis as Russia Orthodox churches turns on Kremlin [REVEAL] Huge oil tanker explodes near Hong Kong as one dead and six injured [INSIGHT] Germany shamed over 'ridiculous' Russian gas claim [SPOTLIGHT]  The European Commission is now obliged to consider the report as it has been adopted by MEPs.