Prince Charles’s former butler Grant Harrold said the Duke of Sussex has always been “close” to his beloved grandmother, the Queen, and will want to make amends. He said Harry and Meghan's visit to the Queen at Windsor before they made their way to the Netherlands to attend the Invictus Games was an “important step” toward reconciliation.  Mr Harold told the i newspaper: “The visit without question is an important step to healing the relationship of the Royal Family and could path the way to seeing the Sussex family joining the rest of the Royal Family this June for the official platinum jubilee celebrations. “Prince Harry has always been close to the Queen and I have no doubt he will want to help heal any rifts than may have possibly taken place.” His comments come amid reports the couple have been invited to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations but will not have a formal role. Palace officials are said to be working on the assumption that non-working members of the Royal Family, including Harry, Meghan and Prince Andrew will be invited to some events from June 2 to 5. The appearance would be welcomed by the Queen as she has not yet met her great-great granddaughter Lilibet Diana. A spokesperson confirmed Meghan and Harry had made a surprise visit to the Queen and Prince of Wales on Thursday, April 14, which was viewed as an "olive branch" by some royal commentators.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle is Harry's 'unashamed fan' in Invictus Games speech Harry and Meghan had not been in the UK together since they sensationally quit as senior working royals more than two years ago. Their trip to Britain, completed en route to the Invictus Games in The Hague, came after the pair were absent from Prince Harry’s grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service in London last month.  DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan's 'deep rift' with Royal Family set to continue [INSIGHT]Prince Harry security leaves UK humiliated as Dutch step in [INFO]Queen open to Meghan and Harry's 'private' return 'Make amends' [REVEALED] A spokesperson for Harry confirmed earlier in March that he would miss the service for his grandfather, but that he hoped to visit the Queen soon. It came as concerns continue to mount over the Queen's health after she missed another traditional event of the Easter period on Sunday.  Harry moved to the US with Meghan for a new life of personal and financial freedom with their two children Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana. The couple's controversial Oprah Winfrey television interview left the monarchy facing a crisis in March 2021 amid the lingering fallout from Megxit.  Harry and Meghan accused an unnamed royal of racism against their son Archie before he was born and the institution of failing to help Meghan when she was suicidal.