Britain is witnessing the biggest rise in the price of energy in living memory, as a cost-of-living crisis takes hold. Bills are set to increase by a whopping 54 percent — almost £700 — to just under £2,000-a-year. National Insurance contributions are set to rise alongside this, rising by 1.25 percent. And to top it off, inflation and water bills are also expected to soar. The profound spike in living costs means that already less well-off families will likely have to sacrifice crucial essentials such as food and clothing, experts have suggested. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has introduced some measures to help, pledging over £22billion in 2022-23 to ease the difficulty for families — but many say they fall short of the mark and come too late. In Europe, governments across the continent have moved to help their citizens, employing a range of measures that appear to go a step further than the UK, some being in response to mass protests like those seen in France. With the presidential election looming, President Emmanuel Macron will be keen to appease the French people, especially since his main leadership contender, Marine le Pen, has used the cost of living crisis as a way to stir emotion. Mapping a route to a second term, Mr Macron acted quickly in the face of rising energy prices and forced state energy giant EDF to take an €8.4billion (£7billion) hit and limit energy bill hikes to 4 percent this year. The company has also been ordered to sell more nuclear power to rivals at below the current market price. It currently runs 56 nuclear reactors which will generate over 70 percent of the country's electricity. Added to this are €100 (£84) chèque énergie, or energy cheque, payments that were announced last month to help lower-income households with bills. The government of Olaf Scholz said it plans to scrap a surcharge on electricity bills used to support renewable power. This would see a cut to the green surcharge that appears on home energy bills from 6.5 percent per kilowatt-hour to 3.7 cents. The government is also putting €130million (£109million) in subsidies for lower income households. Eligible households of one person will receive €135 (£113); a two-person household will receive €175 (£147), with €35 (£29) per additional person after that. But, much like the UK, consumer advocates in Germany have criticised the moves as not doing enough. The Federal Association of Consumers (FZVB) is calling for a subsidy of at least €500 (£421) per household. JUST IN: UK poised to follow US and unleash oil reserves Spain has cut several key taxes to try to reduce consumer bills. The government had originally planned to maintain the lower rates until the end of the year, before deciding in December to keep them lower until May 2022. Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez is aiming to raise €2.6billion (£2.1billion) through a tax on the increased profits energy companies are set to enjoy from the soaring prices. Even before the recent rises, Italy was contending with high energy prices. In a bid to stop prices for consumers spiralling, the Italian government has spent more than €8billion (£6.7billion) since July to curb hikes in retail energy bills. This has included tax cuts on gas and reducing charges used to help finance renewable energy. There have also been additional grants for low income households. DON'T MISS POLL: Should UK subsidise energy bills of low income families? [REPORT] GB News: Ann Widdecombe calls for major NHS overhaul [INSIGHT]  Brexit: Leaving bloc unshackles UK outlook on crop production [ANALYSIS] Over a quarter of the Bulgarian population already struggle to heat their homes due to a combination of poor insulation, cold winters and high levels of poverty. This has only been exacerbated by the rise in energy prices. In response, the Bulgarian government has frozen regulated electricity and heating prices until the end of March. But only 10 percent of Bulgarians had a positive view of the measures being taken by the government to support businesses and households, according to a poll for the public broadcaster Bulgarian National Television. Greece has announced a two percent increase in the minimum wage and will cut property tax rates by a further 13 percent to help households struggling with rising inflation and higher energy costs. It has also pledged to spend £2billion to cut heating bills. The Irish government has planned a €113 (£95) energy rebate to every household. The Tánaiste, Leo Varadkar, has said that government leaders are working on a package of measures to address the rising costs of living. He did not, however, give any specific measures. Opposition party Sinn Féin criticised the government's inaction in recent months, calling for measures to help low income families who have been hit hardest by the rising prices. The UK Government this week announced that all domestic electricity customers will get £200 off their energy bills from October ‒ to be paid back later ‒ and 80 percent of households will get £150 off council tax bills. What’s more, the Warm Homes Discount — a one-off £140 discount — will be expanded so that three million people can benefit from the scheme compared to the current one million. But Mr Johnson has been criticised for his slow response to the crisis — most measures only being announced this week — despite months of warnings about the imminent spike in costs. The measures are controversial too, as many see the rebate as a forced loan, as the money will be taken back later, and do not wish to take part in the scheme for various reasons.