The London Fire Brigade shared on Twitter shortly after 12pm on Tuesday they had dispatched 60 firefighters to tackle a large fire in Tachbrook Road, Southall. Photos and videos shared on social media show a massive black smoke cloud erupting from the fire location, with people reporting being able to see the cloud as far as Hayes and Hounslow. Twitter user @CarolionD shared a picture of the blaze, writing: "Concerning to see this out my window! Hope everyone is okay, I can only assume some kind of fire."  @zafarbashir_ shared a video from closer to the fire showing the thick black smoke surging upwards, with the flames licking at nearby houses. He said: "There is a massive fire in Southall right now visible from Hayes, Hounslow, and even Heathrow." The London Fire Brigade said nearly an hour into the fire two additional engines had reached the scene to help tackle the fire. Writing on Twitter, they said: "There are now 10 fire engines at the scene of the fire in #Southall. The fire is producing heavy smoke - residents in the area should close their windows and doors. READ MORE: Huge fire breaks out next to Heathrow Airport – fears black cloud disrupting 'flight path' "Crews are continuing to tackle the fire in #Southall. Most of a commercial garage, an adjoining storage area, and several cars are alight. A container of oil is also alight. Please avoid the area." The firefighters imposed a 25-metre cordon as a precaution as they continue to battle the fire. Station Commander Graeme Hunter said: "The fire is producing heavy smoke, which is visible for miles. We are urging residents in the area to close their windows and doors. "There is some disruption to traffic, so we encourage people to avoid the area whilst crews continue to work to make the scene safe." READ MORE: ''Payback time!' Channel 4 sell-off is revenge for Brexit bias suggests senior Tory MP The LFB said they were called to the scene at 11.45 on Tuesday and engines from Southall, Hayes, Feltham, and Heathrow had intervened. They added the cause of the fire is "not known at this time." Speaking to MyLondon, eyewitness Colin Matthews said: "I've left the scene now, but I saw a huge number of ambulances, police cars, and instigation vehicles - it is clearly a very serious incident." There have been no reports of injuries.  