Speaking on ITV’s Good Morning Britain, the 58-year-old recalled the symptoms that landed him in an A&E department in Bath. This emergency department visit revealed a diagnosis of fluid around his heart, also known as a pericardial effusion. Mr Roberts said: “I’ve been feeling pretty rough since I got back. I don’t know if it was the journey down there. “But it culminated over the Bank Holidays - the weekend.” The main symptoms the presenter experienced were: “I’m aware of the signs of a heart attack…like the bloke - I’ll just make it through the week,” said the presenter about his initial response to the warning signs. READ MORE: Long Covid: Four symptoms women more likely to experience, according to study However, the presenter's health wasn't improving. Mr Roberts continued: “By the time it got to Tuesday,Wednesday - I was feeling so rubbish that my wife took me to A&E in Bath. “I was just rushed through A&E. “To cut a long story short - they found that I’ve got water or liquid around my heart, which was compressing the heart to the point where it could have stopped.”  According to the Mayo Clinic, the build-up of too much fluid around the heart details pericardial effusion. This liquid usually piles up in a double-layered, sack-like structure around the organ. The condition can put pressure on your heart, affecting how it works. What’s worse, pericardial effusion can lead to heart failure or even death if left untreated. Mr Roberts said: “Unlike normal heart attack, there’s nothing you can do about it. “You can’t do the whole defibrillating chest massage because the heart itself is literally being strangled. "Within three or four hours, I was in an emergency operating ward, having a tube put into this sack around the heart.” The team ended up draining out one litre and a half of fluid from the presenter’s chest. The presenter added: “It was very bizarre that I was actually awake through the whole process…as they drew out all this, effectively, death-giving liquid from my chest. “I’m still here in the hospital, being looked after by the NHS staff." “They literally saved my life," he concluded. Other tell-tale signs of pericardial effusion include: The Mayo Clinic urges calling 999 if you suffer from signs like these.