April Fools' Day is an annual tradition in many Western countries, which is celebrated with practical jokes and pranks. Though it has been celebrated for many centuries, the exact origins of the holiday are largely unknown. When celebrating, jokesters often expose their actions by shouting "April Fools!" at the recipient of their prank. Mass media also tends to join in these pranks, often revealing the truth of their actions in the afternoon or the following day. Traditionally, April Fool's jokes and pranks should only be pulled until midday on April 1. Though the rules vary around the world, in England, as soon as the clock strikes noon, you are meant to come clean about your pranks. READ MORE: Ramadan crescent moon sighting: What does it mean? Anyone caught playing a joke after midday is considered the official "April Fool". Pranks are supposed to be light-hearted, and should not break laws or cause any harm. Here are five ideas for April Fools' Day pranks to play on your friends and family: DON'T MISSEnergy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less [REVEALED]'Swear by it': Mrs Hinch fans share how to remove weeds from driveway [COMMENT]How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT] A classic April Fools' Day prank - jump out and give a fright to someone who least expects it. Why not whip up a storm in the kitchen and make some cake pops for your friends. However, instead of cake at their centre, instead, dip Brussels sprouts into icing or chocolate. Then watch as your friends bite into them and discover the unexpected vegetable centre. There's nothing quite like someone bringing a box of doughnuts or cakes into the office at work. However, on April Fools' Day, why not fill up a doughnut or pastry box with vegetables. Then, wait to watch the reaction of your co-workers when they lift the lid of treats to find an array of vegetables hidden away instead. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Another traditional prank is the good old rubber snakes and spiders. Rubber critters can be bought from toy or joke shops, and tucked away in corners around your home. One idea is to hide them inside the drawers of your kids or spouse and wait for them to open and get a fright. If you have a Windows computer, one way to trick friends and co-workers is by flipping the screen upside down. To do this, press the Ctrl, Alt and down arrow keys together. This will flip the display screen upside down, likely to result in some confusion. To reverse the screen back, simply press the Ctrl, Alt and upward arrow keys at the same time.