According to the Halifax House Price Index, between March 2021 and March 2022 on average property prices surged by 11 percent. The national average house price is not £282,753, up 1.4 percent since February 2022. However, there are three areas where inflation has surged beyond the national average. According to the index, the South West of England has overtaken Wales as the UK's "strongest performer in terms of annual house price inflation". The region has seen inflation spike to 14.6 percent, its highest rate of annual increase since September 2004. In this region, which includes countries such as Bristol, Cornwall, Devon and Somerset, the average house price sits at a "record" £298.162. READ MORE: Pruning hydrangeas: ‘Easy’ way to prune these ‘lovely flowers’ This marks the first time since January 2021 that Wales has not recorded the highest annual growth. Despite this, house price inflation remains well above the national average in Wales at 14.1 percent. The average house price is £211,942 which is yet another all-time high for the country. Northern Ireland has also continued to record growing inflation of its house prices, also above the national average. DON'T MISSHow much does it cost to boil a kettle? Two ways to slash costs [EXPLAINER]Simple shower cleaning routine 'breaks down any hard water stains' [INSIGHT]Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants [COMMENTS] Property prices in Northern Ireland saw an annual growth of 13 percent, with the average house price sitting at £177,265. Elsewhere in the UK, the South East also recorded a big increase, with house price growth at 11.6 percent and an average price of £385,790. Prices in the region have now risen by £40,177 over the last year, the first time any English region outside of London has ever posted a £40,000-plus rise over just 12 months. London itself continued its recent upward trend, with prices now up by 5.9 percent year-on-year, with an average price of £534,977. Scotland's house prices were also found to have risen, though remained below the national inflation average. The cost of properties reached a new record of £194,621, though the rate of annual growth appears to be slowly, falling from 8.2 percent in February 2022 to 9.3 percent in March 2022. According to Russell Galley, managing director at Halifax, the story behind the "strong house price inflation remains unchanged". Driving factors of the growth include a limited supply of houses and a strong demand, "despite the prospect of increasing pressure on households’ finances." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He added: "Although there is some recent evidence of more homes coming onto the market, the fundamental issue remains that too many buyers are chasing too few properties. The effect on house prices makes it increasingly difficult for first-time buyers looking to make their first step onto the ladder but also challenges home movers who face ever bigger leaps to move up the rungs to a larger property. “However, in the long-term, we know the performance of the housing market remains inextricably linked to the health of the wider economy. There is no doubt that households face a significant squeeze on real earnings, and the difficulty for policymakers in needing to support the economy yet contain inflation is now even more acute because of the impact of the war in Ukraine. “Buyers are therefore dealing with the prospect of higher interest rates and a higher cost of living. With affordability metrics already extremely stretched, these factors should lead to a slowdown in house price inflation over the next year.”