Pension Credit provides a weekly top up for lower income pensioners who qualify, but many people who could get help through the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) benefit are not claiming. Pensions Minister Guy Opperman has urged pensioners to check if they are entitled to any form of Pension Credit. Pension Credit can be worth over £3,300 a year to those who claim. Claims for Pension Credit were up 30 percent in 2021 compared to 2019, but many people are still not applying and could therefore be missing out on vital support. Minister for Pensions Guy Opperman said: “We recognise the challenges some pensioners will be facing with the cost of living and want to make sure they are getting all the help they can. “That’s why we are continuing to promote Pension Credit among pensioners, while calling on everyone with retired family, friends and loved ones to encourage them to check if they qualify and make a claim if they do.” The DWP has put together a myth-busting fact sheet to help people understand how to claim Pension Credit and what they could get. READ MORE: State pensioners may see sum affected if they were in a workplace pension “If you are over state pension age and live in Great Britain, Pension Credit gives you extra money to help with daily living costs. “It tops up your income to a minimum of £182.60 per week if you are single and to £278.70 for couples. “But that’s not all – it also opens up access to other benefits and support (see below). “Check out the online Pension Credit calculator and find out if you could benefit today.” DON'T MISSHousing Benefit rule stopping Britons from getting full entitlement: Bedroom tax explained [INSIGHT'This is so cruel’ TSB customer almost loses £8,000 in Amazon subscription scam [SCAM]'Don’t click!': Urgent parcel scam warning and the best bank account for scam prevention [WARNING] “You can still be eligible for Pension Credit even if you have savings or own your own home. “How much Pension Credit you could get is based on the other income you have coming in and what savings you have. “Owning your own home won’t affect your eligibility – you may even be able to get help towards interest payments on your mortgage if you own the property you live in.” “Yes – if you get any amount of Pension Credit you may also be able to get help with other costs including: “Definitely – if your circumstances have changed since the last time you applied, especially if this was a while ago, then it’s worth checking if you might now be eligible. “Check out the online Pension Credit calculator and find out if you could benefit today." “Claiming is straightforward. And if you need some extra support a friend, family member and voluntary organisations like Citizens Advice and Age UK can help you make a claim. “You can apply for Pension Credit: “To make a claim all you’ll need is your: