Erik ten Hag will not be telling Cristiano Ronaldo what to do when if he takes over as Manchester United manager from next season. His former player, Sjoerd Overgoor, has lifted the lid on what to expect from Ten Hag’s training sessions — and believes the Portuguese superstar will have the freedom to play as he wants. "He had to do it with us because we were not as good and needed some patterns to build on,” said Overgoor, who played under Ten Hag at Go Ahead Eagles. “He does not make Dusan Tadic and Daley Blind do 11 versus zero, they have more freedom. I don't think he will be telling Cristiano Ronaldo what to do." Ten Hag is expected to take over as the club’s new permanent manager from next season after verbally agreeing to succeed Ralf Rangnick, who has been interim boss since replacing Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. The Dutchman is poised to sign a four-year deal after a breakthrough in negotiations on Tuesday, amid interest from Bundesliga outfit RB Leipzig. READ MORE: Ten Hag’s striker preference explained as Ronaldo wanes for Man Utd One of his tasks will be to get veteran striker Ronaldo, 37, firing again after the Portuguese’s recent barren run in front of goal. His return of 18 goals in all competitions is the most of any Red Devils player, but only four of those goals have come in his last 10 matches, including a hat-trick against Tottenham Hotspur. While the United players will be given the chance to express themselves in training under Ten Hag, the former Utrecht manager is renowned as a perfectionist where even the finer details can be crucial. And Overgoor warned that getting the wrong side of Ten Hag can cause issues with the 52-year-old. "We did a lot of ball work, but a few times in the afternoon we would have to run in the woods in groups”, he said to Sky Sports. “He would say that we had to run a certain distance in two minutes. We wanted to prove ourselves to him so our group did it in one minute and 50 seconds. DON'T MISSMan Utd changed mind on Pochettino despite liking 4 things about himVan der Vaart warns Man Utd players about Ten Hag - ‘Get thrown out'Man Utd ‘to give Ten Hag a record-breaking salary’ as move nears  "He said, 'No. If I tell you to run for two minutes I don't want you to take two minutes and 10 seconds but I also don't want you to run for one minute and 50 seconds. Two minutes is two minutes. He was like that. If you did not stick to the plan you had a problem.” United are currently seventh in the Premier League and face a battle to finish in the European places this season, with Champions League qualification looking more unlikely following their 1-0 defeat to Everton last time out. But spending his first season concentrating on the Premier League with more time on the training ground could give Ten Hag the chance to implement his methods if he does — as expected — replace Rangnick.