Marcos Alonso has confidently vowed that Chelsea are capable of pulling off one of the comebacks of the season and salvaging their Champions League hopes in Madrid on Tuesday night. The Spanish left-back has three instructions for Chelsea and says they must be humble, hard-working and go for it to come out on top in the Spanish capital. Chelsea, fresh from their 6-0 thrashing of Southampton at St Mary’s, take on Carlo Ancelotti’s Real Madrid at the Bernabeu 3-1 down from a disastrous first leg last week - with manager Thomas Tuchel admitting they face a “huge task”. But last night, former Real star Alonso, who scored Chelsea’s opening goal at Southampton on Saturday, insisted that the tie is not over, and that his side can produce a miracle. Alonso, who started his career at Real, leaving in 2010 after playing only one senior appearance, said: “We are capable of winning at Real. “We need to be humble, we need to work hard, and we need to put in a good performance. It is very complicated after the first 90 minutes but there is another 90 minutes to play. We need to go for it. “It was important to bounce back on Saturday. We need to go one game at a time. Now it is a different competition, a different approach, and we will have to work very hard to have a chance. “We were all angry after the game on Tuesday. We don’t like to lose. We had two defeats in a row. So we were hungry to win on Saturday. It was a solid performance, and we need to keep working like this.” An early goal against Real could be key if Chelsea are to stand any chance, but Alonso said: “Of course, but not just the start - we will need a very good 90 minutes.” Tuchel meanwhile warned his team that Real will be very different from this Southampton romp - as Chelsea battle to rescue their Champions League campaign. The Blues look to bounce back after Karim Benzene's first-leg hat-trick and Tuchel said: “The task does not change, it’s still a big task. “I said after the Real game let’s have the response now, and not only in Madrid. Now we have had this result and performance and I’m sure this lifts everybody’s spirits. “But the task is huge, let’s be honest. We are always very competitive. We will try to win. Everything is possible but let’s be realistic. It’s still the Bernabeu, still an opponent that is very different from Saturday - but of course it’s the best way to prepare.”