Countryfile presenter Helen Skelton, 38, is said to be heartbroken after her estranged husband Richie Myler has been “younger, successful businesswoman” just weeks after their marriage break-up. It comes after Helen sadly announced on Instagram last week that her rugby player husband had “left the family home” after eight years of marriage. Now, a source has claimed Richie has started a relationship with a younger woman.  The insider said: “Richie appears to have been spending a lot of his free time with this younger, successful businesswoman.  “They are now in the early stages of a relationship.”  A friend of the couple’s also claimed that Helen was worried that “something wasn’t right” in her marriage to Richie for a while. READ MORE... Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband  “She was absolutely dumbstruck when it finally ended.    “The split has been incredibly tough on Helen.    “She is being supported by her family and friends who are all rallying around her. Everyone is in a state of shock at their break up,” the source added to The Sun.    Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Helen and Richie for comment.  Helen left fans taken aback when she shared a statement confirming the couple’s split on Monday. She penned in view of her 284,000 followers: “Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co parent our small children." Prior to sharing the heartbreaking news, Helen posted a cryptic quote about motherhood. The On The Farm star’s post read: "A mama is always full of emotions, full of love, full of anxiety and worries, full of exhaustion and lack of energy, full of mum guilt and doubt, full of pride in her kids, full of pure joy. DON'T MISS:Victoria Beckham speaks out as husband David achieves his 'dream' [COMMENT]Kim Woodburn shares picture from hospital bed after hospital rush [HEALTH UPDATE]Andrea McLean warned of 'landing on your face' after Loose Women exit [EXCLUSIVE] "She feels it all, that’s the beauty of her, she carries it all too, and yet she gets up every day and does it all over again."  Helen and Richie’s shock split comes just four months after they welcomed their third child, Elsie Kate.  They are also parents to young sons Ernie, six, and Louis, four.  Richie, who plays rugby for Leeds Rhinos, has not yet broken his silence on the split.  Helen and Richie announced the birth of their first daughter, Elsie Kate, on December 31. Helen paid tribute to Richie while sharing the news of the little one’s arrival to her fans on Instagram at the time.  She shared a photo of Richie holding Elsie Kate in a carrycot on the way out of the hospital where she was born.  The star wrote alongside it: “Can always count on dickie .... of all the things he’s said (there’s been a lot) “don’t worry I will be your lido...” might be my fave. The man meant Doula. From the mouths of men.  “Thanks for being my team mate @richiemyler now and forever. (pic from earlier this week - just haven’t posted partly because my mam likes the family what’s apps to be ahead of insta but mainly because I am still failing to find appropriate words of thanks for our @nhsengland @nhsmillion .... legends the blooming lot of them).”  She then added the hashtags: “#grateful #thanks #pregnancy #birth #newparents #newbaby #husbands #doula.”