The last instalment of Peaky Blinders has now aired and the final send-off did not disappoint fans who tuned in to watch the Birmingham gangster Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) and his cut-throat posse in action. BBC viewers came close to bidding farewell to their favourite mafia mobster when Tommy was told he was suffering from a fatal illness. In a surprise twist, the leading star did not end up dead but the shock revelation triggered fans to wonder what could happen next to the seemingly untouchable Shelby hard nut.  Viewers saw Tommy had planned to end his life following the news he was suffering from a fatal illness. While standing in a traditional Gypsy trailer, he was about to shoot himself before a ghost of his dead daughter Ruby (Orla McDonagh) appeared. His daughter whom he shared with Lizzie Shelby (Natasha O'Keeffe) told him he “must live” and went on to tell her father he wasn’t dying, causing Tommy to realise the doctor who gave him his tuberculoma diagnosis was a conman, who was friends with Sir Oswald Mosley (Sam Claflin). However, in a new theory by Express.co.uk, Tommy may plan to rebuild some of his damaged family relationships after his health scare opens him up to a new perspective. READ MORE:Only Fools and Horses' Raquel details 'strange' moment with co-star    Sharing their theories on Reddit, one user mr-gwher suggested: “He probably went on to build bridges with his family after knowing that he was no longer dying. “The burning of his wagon with his processions inside symbolised the death of the Tommy we've always known and the awakening of another Tommy, perhaps a version closer to what he'd have been had he not suffered with the war. “He's pretty much put his gangster days behind him now so maybe he went to first spend time with Arthur or to track down Lizzie and Charles. “He's confirmed to be in the movie that is being planned so I could imagine that if he did end up spending more time roaming the hills that it wouldn't be for much longer,” [sic] they concluded. Michael Gray (Finn Cole) was finally released from prison and was out to get Tommy. While Michael planned to blow up Tommy’s car with the gang leader inside, Johnny Dogs (Packy Lee) came to the rescue and Tommy ended up shooting Michael in the face. Right-hand man Arthur Shelby (Paul Anderson) also came to blows with IRA boss Captain Swing (Charlene McKenna) who was Polly’s (Helen McCrory) killer. The Shelby brother fired at the Captain and killed her in a nail-biting shoot-out in true Peaky Blinders style. Tommy had formed an even closer bond with Arthur towards the end of the season and he would be delighted to hear they could spend more time together. Meanwhile, fans of the smash-hit gangster series gushed over the finale episode and called the show a “masterpiece”. Taking to Twitter, @trystin_baker beamed: “Watching the Peaky Blinders series finale and it’s just…this show is so iconic I can’t imagine it being over.” Another @Thapachhetri37 echoed: “Feel absolutely devasted for anyone who has not seen PEAKY BLINDERS and who has not just enjoyed the MASTERPIECE of the finale for truly one of the best series of the generation. “Back where it all began on a black horse and end on white horse. STEVEN NIGHT I f****** love you,” they added. [Sic] However, other viewers said despite being “sad” their favourite programme had come to an end, some believed it was the right time for a finale. @JLDMistery confessed: “Just finished watching the series finale of Peaky Blinders. Always weird when you finish watching a show after watching it for a long time. “Of course sad but I am also always glad when a show ends before going on for too long. It has been a great journey following these characters,” they concluded. @filmshelby weighed in: “I finished the last episode of Peaky Blinders. I'm in tears. What a great finale.” There is a chance Tommy will put right all the mistakes he made with his family, now he has been given a rare second chance at life. Peaky Blinders season six is available to stream on BBC iPlayer