Simon Calder explained the rules surrounding passport validity, especially for those travelling to Turkey this summer, during an appearance on Good Morning Britain. The travel expert said “terms and conditions apply” and a “passport could stop you from travelling”. Presenter Susanna Reid explained how “lots of people are concerned you need to have a certain amount of time left on your passport to travel to different countries”. She then read out some viewer comments for Simon to help with. Susanna continued: “Rebecca on email said: ‘I have a holiday booked to Turkey in five weeks time, my passport was issued in July 2012. “‘I was given an additional nine months on its validity, making the expiry date April 2023, but I have read passports are being rejected at check-in if they’re over 10 years.’” READ MORE: Spain weather: Muddy rain and storms hit the Costa del Sol Simon said: “Turkey, they have got some tricky rules, if you’ve got six months you should be fine. “No other cares when your passport was issues, Turkey certainly doesn’t.” “Just to clarify, Rebecca has had her passport extended, will Turkey recognise the extension?” Susanna wondered. “What I’ve got, is a valid passport for 10 years and nine months - we used to do that because we were nice!” Simon remarked. DON'T MISS...Passport issues: The 4 things you should know before travelling [GUIDE]Spain holiday chaos: Costa del Sol fears another summer without Brits [NEWS]Spain weather: Muddy rain and storms hit the Costa del Sol [LATEST] “That hasn’t happened with the new blue, British passport. “But we used to get 10 years and nine months when we were in the EU - that wasn’t a problem at all.” Passport holders should also have a “full black page for entry and exit stamps” in their passport when travelling to Turkey, gov.uk explains. As for visas, British citizens travelling to Turkey for tourist or business purposes are able to travel without a visa for visits of up to 90 days in any 180-day period. Some 57 percent of people have a trip abroad in the next year - that follows two years of Covid restrictions. Five million people have delayed renewing their passports after staying at home during the pandemic. In the last month alone, one million applications were processed - that was the Home Office called in extra staff to deal with the backlog. And it seems the extra staff has helped speed up the passport application process. Krystelle tweeted: “The travel gods must be looking out for me as I’ve had my passport renewed in just 3 weeks! Applied online on 6th April and it came through the post this morning #passportoffice #whatbacklog.” Ian added: “Ppassport update… applied to renew my daughters passports on friday 8th April delivered yesterday, less than three weeks and that includes two bank holidays…” Micova added: “The @HM_Passport office had my last 2 passports and my daughter's to us in less than the promised time.”