If buying an electric vehicle was not expensive enough, young drivers must also battle with high insurance premiums. Experts at Confused.com have previously revealed EVs with the cheapest insurance premiums for young drivers, and the least expensive price stood at £1,802 a year. Quentin Willson, a former Top Gear presenter and the ambassador of FairCharge, has been campaigning for the reduction of insurance premiums for young motorists. Mr Willson told Express.co.uk: “That is one of the things we are campaigning for at FairCharge. “The exact people for whom these cars are the most exciting and are the most interesting are the younger generation. “They are tech-savvy whereas older people don’t find them amusing to live with. “Younger people would just jump into one of them and know how to work the screen because they are like an iPad.“ The TV presenter added: “We need to make sure that the insurance industry knows that young drivers are not the risk they think because most electric car drivers are going to be driving really carefully, they’re going to be harvesting their range.” The expert added that all the data in his possession suggests that EV drivers are less likely to have crashes than combustion car drivers. Mr Willson stressed that the issue needs to be addressed as quickly as possible. DON'T MISSDrivers warned of risks during Easter weekend [WARNING] London and Sunderland among areas best prepared for electric vehicles [REVEAL] More than 3,000 fixed speed cameras installed on UK roads [INSIGHT] He added: “Not enough people making these decisions have experience of driving, owning, and charging electric cars. “And, until that happens we are going to get very questionable decisions down the line.” The FairCharge ambassador also highlighted that it is not just young drivers who are suffering from the high costs of owning an EV. He stressed that low-income families have been refused the opportunity to practice “zero-emission motoring”. There are only 11 electric vehicles that cost less than £30,000 on the market, at the moment. And, while the number of “semi-affordable” EVs has grown in the last four or five years, more still needs to be done, according to the expert. Mr Willson said: “The £20,000 or the £10,000 electric car may never happen. “But what we could think about is a funding mechanism whereby people, who are on lower incomes, could get some form of subsidised interest-free loan. “This would allow them to drive an electric car for £70 a month or something like that.” He continued: “We need to really think cleverly about how we make it possible for everybody to have zero-emission motoring.“ The former Top Gear presenter stressed that it might not be possible to build a £10,000 electric car because of the costs required to produce a battery. Mr Willson said: “The battery prices are actually going up because of raw material shortages. “They will come down in time, but in the meantime what can we do? “Maybe something similar to what Scotland has done by offering interest-free loan schemes for electric cars.” While there are still many things that could be improved in the world of electric vehicles, the sales of EVs have hit a record high. The number of electric vehicles bought in the UK in March alone was higher than during the entirety of 2019. British drivers registered nearly 40,000 new electric vehicles last month. This in turn made March’s figures the highest on record for a single month. The evidence of the soaring demand for battery electric cars was provided by the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT), a lobby group. Across all of 2019, Britons bought 37,850 electric vehicles. In March 2022 alone there were 39,315 sales. It is now estimated by some analysts that battery EVs will become the most popular fuel type as soon as 2025.