The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will reportedly be followed by a Netflix documentary crew throughout the Games, which start next Saturday. A source told the Mirror: “Meghan is excited to travel with Harry for the event, which is certainly close to his heart.” Meghan could step out on stage with Harry at the opening ceremony as insiders promised “a big surprise to launch the event”. The Sussexes previously announced a Netflix show about the Games, titled Heart of Invictus. Harry’s upcoming trip to the Netherlands comes after he faced criticism for missing Prince Philip's memorial service last week. The Duke did not travel from the US to the UK for the event at Westminster Abbey. It comes as he is embroiled in a legal row with the Home Office over police protection for his family while in Britain. But Ken Wharfe, a former royal protection officer, said: “I’m baffled about why Harry thinks he would be safer in the Netherlands than the UK. “He would have travelled to his grandfather’s memorial service with his brother or father and received protection from the Met. “It’s not like he would have been turning up at Westminster Abbey on a bike. “It is more of a risk to go to Holland to support a charity with a military link than coming to London last week.” The Sussexes are living in California after ending royal duties in March 2020. Since quitting as working royals, Harry and Meghan have signed lucrative deals with Netflix and Spotify as they pursue new lives of personal and financial freedom across the pond. Harry has returned to the UK twice since Megxit - once for Philip’s funeral last April and for the unveiling of a Princess Diana statue at Kensington Palace in July 2021.  Harry was inspired to found his Invictus Games after attending the Warrior Games in Colorado in 2013 and seeing how the challenge of competitive sports aided the recovery of injured members of the American forces. He went on to stage the inaugural games in London's Olympic Park in 2014, followed by Orlando in 2016, Toronto in 2017 and Sydney in 2018. The Invictus Games will take place in The Hague from April 16-22. Earlier this week, Harry surprised Invictus Games Team UK competitors with a video call as members gathered for a final training camp ahead of the event.  The room erupted in laughter when the Duke commented on the fact the competitors had had two years to prepare for the Games, which were postponed from 2020 due to the pandemic, and that therefore fitness should not be an issue. Harry said: "You realise that no-one, not just you guys, no-one's got any excuses for not being fit now.” Giving a team talk to the competitors, Harry said: "For a lot of you, you've already, as far as I'm concerned, you've already won gold by just getting to this point. "The fact that you are sitting there now wearing that strip and you are able to wear the Union Jack on your arm again, that means so much to every single one of you." 