Erik ten Hag is alleged to have told both Darren Fletcher and John Murtough that he must be allowed to lead from the front - if he is made the manager of Manchester United. An official announcement now looks a matter of when and not if after the Red Devils decided to move ahead with a move for the Dutch tactician, who is expected to arrive from Ajax in the summer. Ten Hag is understood to have ruled that he would only take the job on his terms. There was a brief delay between his interview and the club's final decision, leading to some doubts as to whether Ten Hag was ready to take on the role. RB Leipzig had also been mooted as a potential destination, prompting United to firm up their interest. The Daily Mail claim United were categorically told by Ten Hag that he must call the shots if he was to be successful.  READ MORE: Man Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal  He is an innovator with the qualities to change the inner workings of Manchester United for the better. Much has been made of his approach in recent weeks with Ajax, where he has transformed several members of his squad on the training pitch. In Amsterdam, Ten Hag has not been able to rely on a significant transfer budget and has instead improved what he has at his disposal. United are optimistic that he will be able to get the best from the current squad and the players that are brought through the door. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag wants to sign 'two of Ajax's best players' for Man Utd once named new managerArsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer after consulting BenficaBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star Gabriel Ten Hag is expected to sign a three-year contract with the option of a fourth season at Old Trafford. There will be no formal announcement, however, until after the conclusion of Ajax's KNVB Cup Final with PSV Eindhoven. The 52-year-old has continued to duck questions on his links to United out of respect for his club. With Ajax still also challenging for the Eredivisie title, Ten Hag wants to minimise the risk of disruption. That said, he is now believed to be putting his coaching team into place ahead of his new venture. Ten Hag wants his assistant Mitchell van der Gaag to follow him from Ajax. Ralf Rangnick will be working in support of the club's new manager in a new consultancy role. The German's contract will see him spend at least two seasons in the position following his stint as interim boss.