The notion of Ferrari threatening Haas over their engine has been labelled "rubbish" by a leading F1 pundit. The American team enjoyed a great start to the season in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia, with Kevin Magnussen finishing fifth and ninth respectively. Mick Schumacher endured a bad crash in qualifying for the latter race, but the team still headed to Australia last week buoyed by their pace in the Middle East. However, neither driver was able to finish inside the top 10, with Schumacher down in 13th. Magnussen, who was offered a place with the team just days before the season began after they opted to part company with Russia driver Nikita Mazepin, was one place back in 14th. Their displays left many querying how they had dropped off so quickly. With the team using a Ferrari engine, rumours emerged that the Scuderia had refused to play ball with supplies in Melbourne, having felt threatened by the improvements from Guenther Steiner's team. However, Ted Kravitz, of Sky Sports F1, resoundingly dismissed that theory: "There have been some suggestions amongst the rumour mongers that maybe Ferrari are thinking Haas are doing a little bit too well and threatening them," he was quoted as saying by planetf1.com. JUST IN: Charles Leclerc asks Ferrari to fix 'problem' despite Lewis Hamilton's wish “Of course, that is rubbish. Ferrari are never going to threaten Haas to turn down their own engine. But that is the rumour that is out there and you know I like to keep you across all these rumours in F1." Instead, Kravitz, 48, believes Hass simply got things wrong down under: “Where has Haas’ pace gone? That is an open question that is being asked by a lot of people in the paddock,” he continues. "From scoring points in the first couple of races with Kevin Magnussen to finishing P13 and P14 in Australia is very, very odd. I think the truth is, really, is that they arrived here with the wrong set-up and never got it back. When you essentially write off Friday because you don’t have the right set-up, it’s very difficult to get it back.” DON'T MISS:Charles Leclerc and Max Verstappen fired Lewis Hamilton warning with Mercedes clinging onMercedes' Toto Wolff hits out at FIA's jewellery crackdown after Lewis Hamilton targetedVerstappen suffers disaster as Leclerc wins and Russell beats Hamilton – driver ratings Indeed, the prospect of Mattia Binotto and co feeling threatened by Haas seems unlikely given their start to the campaign. Charles Leclerc was the winner in Australia, his second triumph of the season after also prevailing in Bahrain. In-between was a runner-up finish to Max Verstappen in Jeddah, and it's the Monaco man who leads the standings by 34 points. Team-mate Carlos Sainz sits third, behind Mercedes' George Russell.