Wimbledon's decision to ban Russian and Belarusian tennis players from this year's tournament was reportedly taken by the All England Club with a view to avoiding an embarrassing moment that may have seen the Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton, hand the trophy over to a Russian or Belarusian competitor. Vladimir Putin's military assault on neighbouring Ukraine has been fiercely condemned by the United Kingdom. On Wednesday afternoon, Wimbledon announced that Russian and Belarusian tennis players would be banned from this year's tournament. The Duchess of Cambridge became a Patron of the All England Lawn Tennis Club (AELTC) back in 2016 and is regularly seen in the Royal Box. According to The Telegraph, the AELTC's decision, which has been met with backlash by some, was in part due to the 'merest possibility' that the Duchess of Cambridge would have to hand over the trophy to a Russian or Belarusian competitor. Daniil Medvedev, born in Moscow, is currently the number-two ranked men's player in the world, while Belarusian Aryna Sabalenka is ranked fourth in the women's standings. DON'T MISS: Emma Raducanu survives lapse in Stuttgart to set up No 1 showdown in best result of 2022  The report goes on to explain that the AELTC prioritises strong relations with the royal family, and that seeing the Duchess 'endorse the Russian regime' would be 'too much for the club to bear'. Russian president Vladimir Putin launched a military assault on Ukraine back in February, which has so far forced around 11 million people to flee the country. Tennis is not the only sport to take a tough stance against Russia and their sports stars. F1 authorities took the decision to wipe the Russian Grand Prix off the calendar, while this year's Champions League final was moved from Saint Petersburg to Paris.  Nevertheless, the AELTC's decision has been slammed by many, including the ATP who voiced concerns that the 'unfair' ruling could 'set a damaging precedent for the game'. "Discrimination based on nationality also constitutes a violation of our agreement with Wimbledon that states that player entry is based solely on ATP Rankings," they added. Novak Djokovic, who has prevailed at SW19 on six occasions, called the decision 'crazy' and warned about the dangers of politics interfering with sport. Russian top-10 player Andrey Rublev gave a similar opinion, labelling the call as 'complete discrimination'.  Medvedev in the men's draw and Sabalenka in the women's draw are set to be the two big misses from the tournament as a result of the AELTC's controversial ruling. The former reached the top of the world rankings earlier this year and continues to battle it out with Djokovic for the number one spot, with a US Open title to his name already. Sabalenka, meanwhile, reached the Wimbledon semi-final in 2021 and looks set to be denied the opportunity to improve on her furthest Grand Slam run.