Arsenal's loan star William Saliba has sent a concerning message to Gunners fans by admitting that his future is uncertain amid a 'happy' spell with Marseille. Mikel Arteta sent the youngster out on a third successive loan stint at the start of this season - a call that 'hurt' the defender and could come back to bite the north London side. Saliba has been a marvel at Marseille, featuring in 30 of their 31 Ligue 1 matches as they pose the sternest test to runaway leaders Paris Saint-Germain. The 21-year-old has been rewarded with caps for the senior French national team, prompting excitement among Arsenal fans, who wish to welcome him back to the Emirates. The player himself may have thrown a spanner in the works, however, by suggesting that he is happy in his native France. Jorge Sampaoli clearly trusts Saliba in ways that Arteta is yet to demonstrate, and he is unable to 'hide' his true feelings on the matter. "There is always a chance [that I will stay with Marseille]," Saliba told Le Parisien. "I do not hide that I am very happy in Marseille. I have developed, I have passed a milestone. If I make it into France’s squad it’s thanks to Marseille, because there is a lot of visibility. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Conte told to pull Kane up on 'questionable' jaunt before Brighton defeat "They are a very big club with a lot of pressure, but when you’re good there are a lot of good things that happen to you. We will see in May or June depending on the discussions. Today, my future, I don’t know what it is. "[Arsenal] are often in contact with my agent. They send me messages. They watch my matches. They tell me that we have to continue like this. I haven’t played much with the Gunners. The coach has made his choices, that’s life. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal "I left on loan, I put the matches together, and I became an international. What happened to me forged a tougher mind, it is not because you have cost €30m that you are playing. I take it positively, even if there are times that you wonder. "For six months I saw I was the only in the group not to play, that hurt. Of course, I can’t be happy on Arsenal’s bench. I want to play as a starter. Afterwards, if I enter the rotation as a substitute, it’s not like being in the U23s and never being in the squad."  Arteta came under fire for his decision to sanction Saliba's loan exit at the start of the season when his Gunners side fell to three disastrous defeats in a row. Saliba, meanwhile, wasted no time in pulling up trees for Marseille alongside Matteo Guendouzi, who also made the loan switch from north London last summer. If he does return to the Emirates, Saliba has a solid chance of slotting into the starting line-up next season despite the promise shown by a Gabriel Magalhaes and Ben White partnership. There is talk of the former heading to Barcelona, which could open the door even wider for Arsenal's £27million acquisition who, startlingly, is yet to play a senior game for the club. 