The former Chief of the General Staff claimed Vladimir Putin is taking action to commit genocide against the Ukrainian population. Lord Richard Dannatt has analysed the ongoing conflict in Ukraine and claims “the war crimes are stacking up.” Speaking of Putin’s tactics, Lord Dannatt said, “it looks like a concerted effort to reduce the Ukrainian population.”  The ex-army leader made clear Putin’s invasion is “getting very close to the definition of genocide.” Lord Dannatt expressed that the recognition and recording of Putin’s current actions in Ukraine is absolutely vital. “It’s absolutely right and proper that all these war crimes are being chronicled, evidence is being gathered,” the ex-Army Chief told Sky News. Despite the evidence now emerging that Putin has committed atrocious acts that break the laws of war, Lord Dannatt expressed that it remains uncertain if Putin will ever be formally convicted. He added: “Whether or not we will ever get to a position where Putin, or his senior generals, where there is ever the possibility of putting them in an international court, in an international dock, I don’t know." Highlighting the horrendous actions of Putin’s forces in Ukraine, Lord Dannatt drew parallels between the Bosnian War and the Ukraine crisis. The Bosnian War, spanning from 1992 until 1995, claimed thousands of lives, and the Serbian forces involved were later convicted of war crimes relating to ethnic cleansing, genocide, and rape. Speaking of the Serbian leaders, Lord Dannatt explained “it seemed inconceivable that Milošević, Karadžić, and Mladić would find their way into court, but they did.” Lord Dannatt suggested some confidence that Putin could be convicted for war crimes, “I gave evidence twice against Serb generals and it can be done.” Read more: EU latest sanctions on Russia dismissed as 'sick joke' The Serbian leaders convicted for war crimes relating to the Bosnian conflict were found guilty as their actions were accountable through “command responsibility”. Lord Dannatt said: “It became perfectly possible to trace what had happened on the ground all the way up to them through this concept of command responsibility such that they were convicted.” Should Russian troops in Ukraine commit similar crimes of war, it would be possible to use the understanding of “command responsibility” to trace blame directly to Putin himself. In his analysis of Putin’s attack on Ukraine, Lord Dannatt remains adamant that Russia’s plans for “genocide” are “plotted from the top.” Don't miss:Car crashes into Russian Embassy and bursts into flames [VIDEO]POLL: Would you pay more for energy bills to cut off ALL Russian gas? [POLL]Russia sanctions: Inside brutal impact as Moscow's economy buckles [INSIGHT] Lord Dannatt added: "It’s absolutely right that war crimes are recorded, evidence is gathered, and this is looking to me increasingly like genocide that is plotted from the top. “The top therefore must bear responsibility." Putin would be held accountable for war crimes committed by his armed forces as he holds a level of responsibility as leader of Russia. Dannatt expressed hope that the vile actions of Putin would “maybe one day, even if not in a physical court, in the court of history, be condemned.”  