On Friday, campaign groups Just Stop Oil and Extinction Rebellion said they had blocked 10 "critical" sites including Birmingham, London and Southampton. ExxonMobil UK, one of the country's largest privately-owned underground oil pipeline distribution networks, said it had shut down four of its sites on Saturday. Now, a video of an Insulate Britain activist has been released, where he said “there currently seems to be a shortage of petrol in the south-east of the UK”. Filming in South Oxford, the activist said petrol stations “do not have any fuel” in the Oxfordshire region. He said: “It seems as though many people are struggling to get their petrol, and that’s because we believe the Just Stop Oil coalition are currently succeeding in their aims to block supplies of petrol and oil in the UK. “And this could stop immediately if the Government give us a meaningful statement they are going to get on with the job of doing what’s right at this point in history and stop all future fossil fuel licences here in the UK.” The activist continued to issue a message to Boris Johnson on Insulate Britain-linked Twitter account @InsulateLove, saying: “Please just get on with the job, and the disruption will stop immediately.” Supporters of Just Stop Oil began disruption in the early hours of Friday morning at refineries near London, Birmingham and Southampton by climbing onto tankers and glueing themselves to roads. The activists continued to disrupt oil terminals on Saturday morning and said they had gained access to further sites. More than 100 people have been arrested over the protests across the UK. The activist continued to issue a message to Boris Johnson on Insulate Britain-linked Twitter account @InsulateLove, saying: “Please just get on with the job, and the disruption will stop immediately.” Supporters of Just Stop Oil began disruption in the early hours of Friday morning at refineries near London, Birmingham and Southampton by climbing onto tankers and glueing themselves to roads. The activists continued to disrupt oil terminals on Saturday morning and said they had gained access to further sites. More than 100 people have been arrested over the protests across the UK. Extinction Rebellion spokesman Andy Smith said the group had "held" three locations of strategic importance to the UK's energy network: Esso West, near Heathrow Airport; Esso Hythe, Southampton; BP Hamble, also near Southampton Campaigners from the Just Stop Oil group said they were protesting at six other sites: Inter Terminals UK, Grays, Essex; Navigator Terminals Thames, Grays, Essex; Esso Birmingham; Purfleet Fuels Terminal, Essex; Kingsbury Oil Terminal, Warwickshire; BP Depot, Tamworth It comes as ExxonMobil shared operations had been halted at Hythe, Birmingham, Purfleet and West London terminals. At around 3:20pm on Saturday, the firm said it was "grateful" for the police's assistance as it had "now restored normal operations at the majority of our fuel supply terminals, and we anticipate that all terminals will be open later today".  Meanwhile, Just Stop Oil protestors have blocked Buncefield Oil Terminal in Hemel Hempstead after first targeting the depot on Friday. On their Twitter account, Just Stop Oil said: “Just Stop Oil supporters inside the massive Buncefield terminal. "The Government wants to produce every barrel of North Sea oil and gas - destroy the climate, the economy and our lives. "The govt needs to #getagrip, get out of bed with the oil industry Hertfordshire Police confirmed that they are currently in attendance. It also comes as Extinction Rebellion prepare to launch daily protests in London, involving “mass participation on the streets”. The protest group said that demonstrations would be held from April 9 for their first major activity in the capital in 2022. In an online briefing, spokesman Andrew Smith said: “From Saturday April 9 we will meet at 10am in Hyde Park every day. “We will be easy to find, we will be easy to join, we will be more disruptive than ever, and we will be impossible to ignore.”