The biggest rise in household energy bills in living memory has come into effect, the result of a 54 percent increase to Ofgem’s energy price cap. The sudden spike has prompted many people to look at ways they can reduce their gas and electricity use, and while things like central heating and hot water are often top of the hit list, one area that’s sometimes neglected is the kitchen. An energy expert has shared how Britons should go about cooking their foods and storing them. From cups of tea to three-course meals, food and drink prep requires lots of different appliances. By choosing the right one and optimising the way it is used, Britons can cut down on the amount of energy expended. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Jordan Chance, heating expert from PlumbNation has shared “cheap” ways homeowners can cook and store food to save money on their energy bills. He explained that it is “cheaper” to cook food in an air fryer than an oven. READ MORE: Heating: Cleaning your radiator helps to reduce energy bills Jordan said: “The amount of energy an air fryer uses depends on the model and brand of air fryer you’re using. “Air fryers use convection currents, so they heat food by circulating hot air around the basket and keep this heat circulation going continuously until the food is ready. This means they are constantly using energy. “Ovens on the other hand, reach the required temperature and maintain heat using a thermostat. “Despite the use of constant energy, air fryers are designed to cook quicker than a traditional oven, and they’re small in size, so there isn’t a big area to keep warm. “Therefore, it is probably cheaper to cook in an air fryer, but be sure to maintain your air fryer as per the manufacturer's instructions to ensure your machine is working efficiently, and not wasting energy on working harder than it has to.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to remove limescale deposits from your taps [TIPS]Laundry: How to fix ‘stiff’ and ‘crunchy’ towels [EXPERT]Cleaning: How to unblock drains using hair removal cream [COMMENT] When toasting bread, the expert advised using a toaster rather than the traditional grill. Jordan said: “Using a toaster is definitely more energy efficient than using a traditional grill. “Grilling food is generally healthier and is also more efficient than using an oven. “However a toaster will save time, energy and money when compared to powering up the grill.” When it comes to boiling water for a cup of tea or to cook food, it is hard to tell if it is best to boil the water in the kettle or on the hob. Jordan explained: “We recommend boiling water in the kettle and transferring it to a pan, rather than waiting for pan water to boil on the stove.” When food is cooking on the hob, Jordan suggested: “Cover your pans and pots with lids will also reduce energy consumption, with this allowing the water to boil faster.” He also shared that Britons can save energy and money by turning off the hob earlier. Jordan said: “Rather than turning off the heat when you’re finished cooking, if you turn off the heat just before your food is finally ready, your food will continue to cook while the hob remains hot.” The energy expert has also shared tips on how to store foods in the freezer to save money, which includes the best energy saving hack. Jordan said: “The bigger the fridge and freezer, the more energy required, so downsizing your appliances could be a good initial step to reducing energy usage. “You can also save energy by ensuring your freezer is working effectively. “Defrosting your freezer every time it develops a thick build up of ice on its inside surfaces will help to maintain the efficiency of the freezer which in turn will save you money. “The best energy saving hack is to keep your freezer full. When your freezer is full, there is less room for warmer air to take up, the items that are in there help to cool down any air that does sneak in.”