A leaked email to doctors reveals those who are not already too tired from their existing responsibilities are being asked to help healthcare colleagues on wards in Nottinghamshire themselves. The email states care systems across the county, which serves more than 1.1 million people, are under "extremely challenging" pressures. The local NHS system is on its highest alert level, OPEL 4, and secondary care and East Midlands Ambulance Service staff are in "extremely taxing positions". As a result doctors have been asked to support healthcare colleagues "through this difficult time" by joining them on ward rounds. While GPs would be paid to work at either Nottingham University Hospitals or Sherwood Forest Hospitals, one has argued they are already under enough pressure as it is. One local doctor, who asked to remain anonymous, told Nottinghamshire Live: "It is directly asking GPs to come on the wards. I cannot ever remember a crisis email like this to GPs. "There are some GPs who work out of hours but this seems like a cry for help. They seem to be in a big crisis and we are struggling already. We do not have the manpower to help them. "They should have planned this situation better. Two years ago we did work bank holidays over Easter and we felt we needed to help out because we did not know what was happening [with Covid]. "But now we are working flat-out in the community and now it seems they are really struggling."  The doctor says GPs have before been asked to help out with extra clinics in primary care, but they are now being asked to help with the discharge of patients from wards. Beds being taken up by patients who can be discharged is a growing problem across the country, brought on by the "collapse of social care", too few residential care and nurse staff as well as "government mismanagement", the doctor adds. "I've never come across this situation before," they added. "A few years back there was some collaberation but that was not in a crisis, that was to improve the system."  While Covid hospital admissions are still below previous peaks, they are still rising, and the doctor said the issues were likely the result of a number of factors. These include hospital staff taking leave over Easter, having been unable to do so over the course of each wave of the pandemic, as well as staff illness due to rising Covid cases and prevalent seasonal viruses. As of Friday, April 8, there were 485 patients in hospital with Covid across Nottinghamshire. While the virus was not the primary reason for the admission of a "majority" of those patients it has been said to cause additional pressures as patients require isolation. The Royal College of Emergency Medicine (RCEM) also says in the last week of March 44% of patients had to wait more than four hours to be seen, treated and then admitted or discharged, compared with just 19% in the same week in 2019, before the pandemic began. As a result other healthcare professionals argued they'd never seen it as bad as it is today.  Responding to the concerns associate director of primary care commissioning in Nottinghamshire, Joe Lunn, told Nottinghamshire Live: "NHS Nottingham and Nottinghamshire CCG is doing all we can to help ease the pressures on NHS services this Easter. "Like all NHS systems across the country, the Nottingham and Nottinghamshire NHS system is busy and we have arranged for extra GP appointments to be made available over the bank holiday weekend, which will be bookable via 111 online.  "We hope that this will ease pressures in our emergency departments and go some way to ensuring that patients are treated in a timely way this weekend and are seen in the best care setting for them. "We know all colleagues across the system are feeling the strain and we are grateful to everyone who is working this weekend, particularly any of our GPs who come forward to help out in hospitals this weekend as well as supporting with the out of hours services. We know it is difficult and we are doing all we can to help and support our staff through these challenging times. "Covid-19 is also still prevalent in our communities, which puts pressure on the system, and we still have people in our hospitals with the virus. This is why we are urging people to continue be careful when in crowded areas and to wear masks and practice hand hygiene to help protect themselves. Vaccination sites are open over the Bank Holiday weekend so if you are eligible, you can drop into one of our sites and get protected. You can book via 119 or on the NHS website and you can find your nearest walk in site on nhs.uk/grab-a-jab. "Residents can help by using 111 online over the Easter bank holiday weekend where trained advisors will be able to book an appointment with a healthcare professional or GP if it is needed." The Department for Health and Social Care was contacted for comment.  