And, as well-intentioned as it might be, it just rings hollow, makes you feel a bit icky. He looks like he wants to wash his hands every time he utters the phrase "working people". Earlier this week the Labour leader (and MP for swanky north London) was monstered by his local government secretary Lisa Nandy (MP for no-nonsense Wigan) into shutting up about whether Boris went to a party or not and maybe realising the country - and especially many traditional red wall constituencies - were facing a financial crisis unmatched in living memory. And as a result at PMQs today (in for what also seemed like the first time in living memory) Mr Starmer made no mention of so-called partygate. Instead his advisers had urged him to repeatedly end each question with the phrase "does the Prime Minister think X will be better or worse for working people?" Where "X" of course was an implied piece of Boris numptiness. Real horny-handed down with the proletariat stuff right? But you couldn't help noticing how the words "working people" seemed so foreign in the mouth of the metropolitan barrister. This cultural disconnect is not something which troubles Boris of course. When he refers to working people we are not for one moment under the illusion he is pretending to be one of them. His is the politics of upper crust noblesse oblige variety and, for slightly mystifying and very British reasons, this seems more acceptable to the rank and file. But the Labour leader also digs his own holes. "This cost of living crisis was blindingly obvious months ago" he trilled. And it was. So why on earth has it taken him so long to properly address it? Delivery too matters. People are skint, and they are very, very worried. Millions are in dread of their next electricity bill, millions more horrified that their mortgages and fuel bills are set to absolutely soar in coming weeks. The concepts are not difficult for anyone who does the weekly shopping (or god forbid tries to fill up their car) to grasp.   Yet in the House at PMQs Sir Keir kept on banging on about arcane stuff like the G7 and economic output. I used to work as a reporter in Ms Nandy's constituency of Wigan and I'm here to tell you these are deathly dull concepts to the man or woman on the Wigan omnibus. Or indeed any omnibus. All Sir Keir is doing is highlighting the gulf between Labour and his "working people". Of course the Labour Party hasn't really been the party of the working classes for years - it's the party of the civil service, largely on account of its biggest paymaster being the Unite union. What the voting public wants right now, and preferably in time for next week's local government elections, is concrete policies - from both parties - explaining how they are going to ease the pain of the worst cost of living crisis since Jim Callaghan was in No 10. That, unless I've misunderstood, is what we pay them for. 