Ms Levin criticised Prince Harry for not being there for his grandmother the Queen up until now. The royal author, who is the official biographer of Prince Harry, also discussed how different she believes the Duke of Sussex is now compared to when she spent over a year working with him on his biography. Harry and Meghan Markle made a pit stop in the UK this week to see the Royal Family before heading on to the Invictus Games. Ms Levin told Good Morning Britain: "Well, also the Queen has needed them for a very long time. "And it's taken them quite a long time to realise that. "I think that this is a deliberate... I think they want to bring down the British Royal Family, but they can smile on occasion. "I mean Harry is a completely different person from the one I spent over a year with when I wrote his biography.  JUST IN: Boris Johnson charges on with ‘cruel’ Rwanda plan with hopes to begin flights ‘in weeks’     "He's ruthless, he's off the lead as it were, and nothing will stop him to get what he wants." Political commentator Calvin Robinson believed that the royal couple is more focused on their Hollywood life than on their previous royal one. Mr Robinson told Sky News: “He's willing to align himself with virtue signallers and celebrity culture but he cannot go home to mourn the loss of a loved national figure. “It really is sad because you would just think he would be there for the Queen at the very least.”   READ MORE: Air raid sirens and explosions ringing across Ukraine following sinking of Moskva warship    "He's ruthless, he's off the lead as it were, and nothing will stop him to get what he wants." Russell Myers, the royal editor of the Daily Mirror, spoke on a recent episode of Pod Save The Queen and expressed a similar sentiment as other experts who claim Prince Harry will regret his grandfather's memorial snub. Mr Myers said: “I think that certainly, Harry will have regretted not being there. The royal editor added: “I know that there was someone in the armed forces, who was speaking quite eloquently after the service and knew Harry, said that he thought he would regret it as well. “He’s going to be at the Invictus Games at The Hague, just a short – less than an hour flight from here in the Netherlands in a couple of weeks. Mr Myers added that this is an "absolutely bizarre decision to have made."  DON’T MISS: Putin humiliation as naval cruiser ‘seriously damaged’ after Ukraine claims attacking‘Come back nuanced politics!’ Respect My Sex activist warns parties of losing female votesNATO wants Sweden's military might 'They're more powerful than most countries' Sunrise Australia journalist Angela Mollard spoke about the up-and-coming trip to The Hague and pointed out that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were doing things different from usual royal protocol. Speaking on the Sussexes, Ms Mollard said: "They are not staying at the Dutch palace and this is quite unusual.  Ms Mollard added: "It's going to be really interesting, this trip, because of course it's a couple of weeks after Harry didn't attend Prince Philip's memorial. "A lot of attention will be on him and I hope this attention doesn't move across from those soldiers and armed forces personnel who for whom the Invictus Games is such an important event." 