Sienna Miller, 40, met Jude Law, 49, on the set of Alfie in 2004, with their relationship being the talk of the papers in the early 2000s. The actress has spoken in a new interview about the regrets she has from this period in her life and the "chaos" she felt she attracted. Sienna famously dated Jude after meeting on the set of Alfie, with their relationship and its ups and downs creating a "horrible ouroboros of s**t". Speaking to the Radio Times, she recalled: "To have survived that – which I know is a really strong word but it’s actually the truth – and to still be working and to have the same friends I’ve always had and a few degrees of sanity is something that I am proud of. "I would love to be able to go back and do it differently, if I’m honest. "But at the same time I’ve got many great stories from it. READ MORE: Sandra Bullock stuns as Channing Tatum gazes at actress She continued: "It’s just that my character somehow attracts a bit of chaos." At the beginning of the pair's relationship, a spokesperson told PEOPLE magazine: "They are spectacularly happy. "He proposed to her on Christmas day with a gold band and nine diamonds." However, this was short lived, when just a few months later in May 2005 Jude was involved in an affair with his children's nanny. In a statement released at the time, Jude said: "Following the reports in today's papers, I just want to say I am deeply ashamed and upset that I've hurt Sienna and the people most close to us. "I want to publicly apologise to Sienna and our respective families for the pain that I have caused. He continued: "There is no defence for my actions which I sincerely regret and I ask that you respect our privacy at this very difficult time." This resulted in a media frenzy to try and get information on Sienna, resulting in her giving evidence for the Leveson inquiry in 2011. DON'T MISS... Chris Rock's brother hits out at Will Smith again over Oscars slap [OPINION] Doja Cat puts on a provocative display in sheer skirt at GRAMMYs [GRAMMYS] Anton Du Beke shuts down Strictly judge replacement news [COMMENT] Sienna formally settled for £100,000 in damages and costs after the News of the World hacked into several of her mobile phones. She said that when personal stories began appearing in the media in 2005 and 2006, she began questioning those close to her, previously having felt "very protected". "The effect that it had on my life was really damaging to me and to my family and friends," she said. "Nobody could understand how this information was coming out. "It was impossible to lead any kind of normal life at that time and that was very difficult for a young girl." Recalling the turbulent period to Radio Times, she said: "My identity had been completely swallowed up by something that was way more powerful and completely out of my control." Jude and Sienna briefly reconciled in 2009 but split for good in 2011. Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times.