Liverpool have been told they could take advantage of Manchester City in the Premier League title race which could give them the edge over their rivals. The two titans are separated by just one point in the table and any slip-up could be costly. Liverpool have been told to utilise their greater firepower in the title race to clinch them the Premier League trophy this season. That is the verdict from Jamie Carragher, who believes that Manchester CIty's lack of a frontman might cost them. There is just one point between the two teams at the top of the table with five games to go in what is one of the tensest battles in years. Both clubs are in their peaks with Klopp and Pep Guardiola at the helm. Both sides would be worthy winners but they have gone about it in different ways. While Liverpool have a ferocious attack, City delicate play has bamboozled nearly all in their wake. The Reds have scored 85 times in the Premier League with Mohamed Salah netting 23 of them while at the Etihad, the scorers are more balanced with 80 in total and Kevin de Bruyne their top scorer on 11. But Carragher believes that gives his former club the advantage. He told Sky Sports: "You're talking about two brilliant teams and you can't really split them. I think there will be points dropped, I can see both of them dropping points, I do believe that. "But you look at the attacking stats, this is where Liverpool have the slight edge. Goals scored, Liverpool 85 to Man City 80. Talk about not having a striker, the goals are still absolutely phenomenal for Man City. "The xG per game shows that, yes, Liverpool have the edge. But you look at top goalscorers, De Bruyne on 11 and Salah on 23 is a big difference. Then you look at where the goals are, they're spread across the team in Man City, but the numbers show Liverpool have the big advantage in attack." Liverpool remain in the other two competitions as they chase down an unprecedented quadruple after already lifting the Carabao Cup. They face Chelsea in the FA Cup final and Villarreal in the Champions League. City, on the other hand, can still make this their most successful season as they take on Real Madrid in Europe before a potential final against Klopp's side or Villarreal.