 Fiona Bruce and her team of experts visited the Bishop’s Palace in Somerset during a recent episode of Antiques Roadshow. Jewellery specialist Joanna Hardy had been inspecting a 22-carat gold ring when the owner revealed its heartfelt backstory. While the ring had been praised for its beauty, BBC expert Joanna couldn’t help but notice the damages incurred over the years, causing it to drop in value.    The antique expert carefully picked up the ring and began: “This is a wonderful jewel. “When I saw it, it invited you to pick it up because it’s so exotic,” she confessed. “I even tried it on, it’s quite small. “But it’s big in stature,” Joanna said while the guest chuckled: “And it’s heavy.” Wanting to know about its backstory, the TV presenter asked: “So tell me, who wore it?” READ MORE:Carolina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Carolina Santos?  “My father,” the guest replied before adding: “He was a doctor in Thailand.” “Was he a doctor to anybody in particular?” Joanna wondered. The holder explained: “He served the Thai Royal Family throughout his career and after he retired from being a doctor, he went on to be a human rights commissioner of Thailand.” Viewers were then shown a photograph of her late father, proudly wearing his badges of honour, which had been propped up next to the jewellery as a tribute to the Thai doctor.   “Oh my gosh, so quite an incredible career,” the TV specialist gushed. The guest then informed Joanna: “He worked until the last year of his life.” Nine years after the commissioner's death, his daughter went to Thailand where she was offered to take some of his jewellery as a keepsake. The guest shared how she “vividly” remembers her dad wearing the rings as he loved his “gems and jewels”.   Explaining the damage, the guest said it was because he “wore it so often”. Inspecting the ring closely, Joanna told the holder: “The emerald has two quite large chips unfortunately but it’s still such an impressive ring and it must have been made in Thailand.” “Yeah, I believe so,” the guest nodded while the collector pointed out: “The embossed chasing is superb. It goes all the way around. “You’ve also got these four rose-cut diamonds, it’s sort of like the lotus flower almost,” Joanna beamed. “Really stunning, and it’s 22-carat gold.”  While the guests was unsure how old the jewellery was, the expert took a guess at the 1940s. Joanna then praised: “It’s a wonderful stone to feel connected with.” When discussing the value, the expert admitted: “I have to value it as it is with emerald chips, unfortunately. “And I would say in the auction, you would be looking in the region of about £6,000-£8,000." Unable to hide her shock, the guest gasped at the presenter and exclaimed: “Oh wow! I didn't expect that." Although it isn’t clear whether the guest decided to sell her father’s ring, Joanna thanked her for coming on the programme to share her story. Antiques Roadshow continues on BBC One on Sunday at 7pm.