Married at First Sight Australia returned at the beginning of the year, uniting complete strangers in the hope they would fall in love. Cody Bromley, 30, was paired up with 32-year-old Selina Chhaur who didn't have the easiest of journeys in the E4 reality show. However, it did appear the couple were in it for the long haul as there were talks of them moving in together. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight Australia.From the start, Cody had struggled with attraction and showing affection towards Selina. But as the show continued, he started to open up more and it seemed as if their relationship was heading in the right direction. Cody had even previously asked Selina to leave her hometown of Adelaide to move in with him to Sydney. But in a sudden twist during the reunion episode, everything quickly came crashing down for the couple. READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show Cody and Selina were still a couple when the reunion episode began and were getting along fine when they were with the other contestants. But it was after the reunion dinner party that Cody told Selina he wanted to end their relationship. When it was their turn to speak to the experts, Selina confessed what happened the night before. She had tried to hold his hand but he flinched, saying he felt he was being "forced" to and this is when he told her that he wanted to end things. During the reunion show, Cody told the experts: "I really wanted this to work. "We had some really amazing times but we also had some shockers so we never quite lost that habit." He has since further explained the reason behind splitting up with Selina to Australian broadcaster 9Entertainment. From the sounds of it, Cody had been having doubts about being together for quite some time. DON'T MISS...Ozark season 4 theory: Sam to attack Wendy as fans work out major clue [THEORY]MAFS Australia: Are Carolina Santos and Daniel Holmes still together? [CAST]Married at First Sight's Olivia and Jackson appear to confirm romance [EXPLAINER] Cody explained: "I just didn't sort of feel that we completely resolved all of our issues. "Because we were so up and down, every time we were at that good point you just think, 'This is so worth it,' and when you're at those down points you're just really starting to question, 'Why are we in this relationship?'" "Selina said to me, 'If you can't think of a distinct answer or you can't say yes straight away, I think there's our answer there.' "And I've seen I'd seen her upset enough times I just thought maybe it is the right thing to do." Selina has since taken to Instagram, putting a positive spin on her experience which sadly didn't end up with a happily ever after. She wrote: "Although I didn’t find my soulmate I ended up finding the greatest love of all which is Self Love. "This #MAFS journey has been an incredible one, to say the least, and I am so grateful for all the blessings and lessons I’ve learnt along the way. "Thank you to all the people that have supported me throughout this whole experience, you all know who you are. I couldn’t have done it without you." Married at First Sight Australia is available to watch on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.