Body language expert Darren Stanton said Prince William was "showing qualities of a King" at the event, held at Westminster Abbey while Kate's outfit choice allowed her to "blend" while supporting her husband. Earlier in the day William laid a wreath on behalf of the Queen at the Cenotaph, 107 years after First World War landings at Gallipoli left 36,000 Australians and New Zealanders killed or wounded. The message on the wreath laid on behalf of the Queen by Prince William read: “In memory of those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom.” The Duchess of Cambridge was a late addition to the royal party attending the service “as a result of changes to the diary”. Speaking on behalf of Slingo, Mr Stanton, dubbed the 'human lie detector', said William was "the most regal we have seen". He added: "William was dressed very formally as he addressed the cenotaph with his wreath. "His body language and posture was military-like as he stood to attention in respect of the fallen soldiers. "Naturally, he adopted a very solemn facial expression congruent with the nature and mood of the remembrance service". “Already showing qualities of a King, William conducted himself appropriately and knew what was expected of him, as he doesn’t take his royal duties lightly. Kate wore the cream Alexander McQueen coat dress which she also wore for Princess Charlotte’s christening in 2015, paired with Princess Diana’s Collingwood Pearl earrings. Speaking on the outfit choice Mr Stanton said: "White is not a colour Kate is often seen wearing, however psychologically it was the right choice for this particular appearance as white represents a lot of things, like purity and renewal, and it’s a neutral colour. "Normally, Kate would resort to her default favourites like red, blue, or purple, but she understood the significance of the day. "Wearing white allowed her to still be ever-present and supportive while having the ability to blend as she performed her duties as a senior royal despite a great deal of media attention. READ MORE: ‘Not bringing the children was another slap in the face to the Queen.’ The Duke and Duchess have stepped up royal duties in recent months amid health fears surrounding the Queen. Last month the royals travelled to the Caribbean for a tour to mark the monarch's Platinum Jubilee. The trip was met with a lot of controversies and was overshadowed by anti-colonial protests from locals and calls for slavery reparations from the monarchy. However, Mr Stanton claimed the couple are "being coached in preparation" to become King and Queen. “We have seen major shifts in the Royal family in the last few years and it’s clear from both Kate and William’s body language that they are most definitely being coached in preparation to become the nation’s future King and Queen in years to come," he added. DON'T MISS: Queen's Platinum Jubilee has been 'tarnished' by monarch's 'puzzling attachment' to Andrew | Royal | News | Express.co.ukPlatinum Jubilee celebrations MAPPED - The key events near me | Royal | News | Express.co.ukKate Middleton and Prince William touch fans with show of ‘dignity’ at Anzac Day service | Royal | News | Express.co.uk Prince Charles also released a statement on Twitter to commemorate Anzac Day. The statement said the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall thought “of all the courageous troops who endured so much in 1915”. It also recognised the current war in Ukraine adding: "Our thoughts will also be with those communities around the world who are being torn apart by violence and conflict, and those who are fighting for freedom in the face of oppression.”