Heavyweight champion Tyson Fury is set to defend his WBC belt against Dillian Whyte in front of a sold-out Wembley Stadium on Saturday night. The two men have been linked with a bout for years, with Whyte waiting patiently for his opportunity to win a world title. Fury hasn’t fought since he retained his title against Deontay Wilder in their epic grudge trilogy match in October 2021. The 33-year-old, who will be fighting in the UK for the first time since he defeated Francesco Pianeta in 2018, is the heavy favourite to successfully defend his title against Whyte. Across his professional boxing career, Fury has compiled a record of 31 wins and one draw - the controversial draw against Deontay Wilder in their first bout - while he is yet to lose since turning professional in 2008. Thanks to sensational wins like his pair of victories over Wilder, the Gypsy King is considered by many to be the best fighter in the heavyweight division. It means the 33-year-old is the heavy favourite to retain his WBC title on Saturday, although Whyte will be no slouch. The Brit has a record of 28-2 that includes 19 knockouts, showcasing his tremendous power. READ MORE: Amir Khan says he feared for his life as thieves robbed him Whyte has waited patiently for his chance to fight for the WBC belt as he was the mandatory challenger to Wilder in 2018 only to see the Bronze Bomber opt to take on Fury in what became a trilogy. The 34-year-old comes into the fight after recently avenging his defeat against Alexander Povetkin, comfortably crushing the Russian in four rounds after being knocked out seven months earlier. The highly-anticipated clash will take place on Saturday April 23, with the undercard kicking off at 6pm while Fury and Whyte are expected to undertake their ring walks shortly after 10pm. In the UK, the event will air exclusively on BT Sport Box Office at a cost of £24.95 while ESPN+ will stream the action live at a cost of $69.99 across the Atlantic in the United States. DON'T MISSDillian Whyte misses Tyson Fury open workout due to 'late flight'Eddie Hearn tells Dillian Whyte how he can beat Tyson Fury at WembleyAmir Khan has watch stolen 'at gun point' in scary London incident Whyte attended the press conference on Wednesday, which marked the first time he and Fury have come face-to-face since the fight was announced. Fury reportedly had eyed a unification showdown with the man who holds the other heavyweight belts, Oleksandr Usyk, but both Whyte and Anthony Joshua - who will face Usyk in a rematch later this summer - rejected step-aside money. With no rematch clause inserted in the contract, it leaves the winner between Fury and Whyte free to explore a lucrative undisputed bout in the summer.