Ms Reeves told Nick Robinson that the fines given to Mr Sunak and Mr Johnson were not enough. The Partygate scandal has led to an ongoing investigation into the Tory party rule breaks during the pandemic in 2020, now the findings have been published and fines issued, many Brits are angry that the people who were telling them to follow the pandemic rules, refused to do so themselves. The Shadow Chancellor explained that the payment of the fines given proves they are in the wrong. Ms Reeves claimed that both should resign as the country deserves fresh leadership. Mr Robinson said: "This was not a party, the one he's been fined for. "He went into the cabinet he didn't know a cake was coming, it never got out of the Tupperware box. "He was there for nine minutes and there were four cans of beer that were never opened. "I mean, are we really saying we're going to change the Prime Minister because a few of his colleagues stupidly decided it was a time to sing happy birthday around the cabinet table?" JUST IN: Brexit ‘silver lining’ for businesses as huge move making UK ‘more resilient to shocks Ms Reeves told Radio 4's Today programme: "Nick, if you had asked Boris Johnson during the pandemic or if you had asked any other Conservative MP whether it had been ok to have done that, during the pandemic, they would have said emphatically no! "You should follow the rules which save lives and they would have been right. "And changing that narrative after the event to justify the rule-breaking behaviour of the Prime Minister and the Chancellor is just not good enough. "They've paid the fines, so they have now accepted that they broke the law and if they had any decent they would now do the right thing and resign. "And give ou country the fresh leadership that it needs."  READ MORE: Rishi Sunak refuses to resign as inquiry is launched into ‘damaging’ financial affairs Leader of the Labour party, Sir Keir Starmer uttered a similar sentiment. Mr Starmer said: “Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak have broken the law and repeatedly lied to the British public. “They must both resign. The Conservatives are totally unfit to govern. Britain deserves better.” Prime Minister Boris Johnson has apologised for his rule breaks publically, since the being fined. Mr Johnson said: "I have to say, in all frankness, at that time it did not occur to me that this might have been a breach of the rules. But of course, the police have found otherwise and I fully respect the outcome of their investigation." Mr Johnson added in a statement, which read: "When I said that I spoke in completely good faith because as I've said to you just now I... at the time that I was standing up for nine minutes in the Cabinet Room where I work every day, it didn't occur to me that, as I say, that I was in breach of the rules. "I now humbly accept that I was. But I think the best thing I can do now is, having settled the fine, is focus on the job at hand. That's what I'm going to do." 