According to Rightmove, there are now more than twice as many buyers as sellers in the market this spring, which has led to great competition across the country. The estate agents have taken a look to find out where buyers are facing the most competition now, based on the number of people sending enquiries to estate agents about each available property. Tim Bannister, Rightmove’s property expert, explained: “Our research highlights that as pandemic restrictions have been lifted, competition has increased most in areas just outside Birmingham, Newcastle and Manchester, as more people look to be closer to cities either for work or for their lifestyle.” Topping the list was the town of Shirley, located in Solihull. Rightmove said it is the “new buyer competition hotspot”. The number of people enquiring about each home for sale in the town has more than doubled compared to the same period last year. READ MORE: How to use white vinegar and baking soda when doing laundry - top tips Local estate agent Jamie Smart, Director of Smart Homes in Shirley, said: “The high number of outstanding schools in Shirley is a key reason people want to move here, and is contributing to the increased competition for available properties.” Desmond, a suburb of Newcastle-Upon-Tyne, came second on the list, followed by Chorlton Cum Hardy, in Greater Manchester. Greg McCarthy, Valuer at Sanderson Young in Newcastle, said: “Jesmond has, as expected, seen huge demand, as this area is made up of exceptional prime property, often within conservation areas and offering outside space. “With the after-effects of the pandemic, the race for space is still evident for this particular marketplace.” DON'T MISS:Tomatoes: ‘Blight-resistant’ varieties to grow to avoid disease [EXPERT]Neutral colours can make rooms seem ‘larger and more spacious’ [COMMENT]Slug pellets banned in the UK from today - use beer traps instead [EXPLAINER] The expert explained that there are more homes coming to the market this spring. This should help meet the ongoing demand from buyers. Stratton in Wiltshire was fourth, followed by Bedminster in Bristol. Acocks Green in Birmingham has also seen increased demand, with its annual increase in average asking price rising by 11 percent. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The average property price in the region now stands at £221,153. The increased demand from buyers and the lack of property on the market have been driving prices up for some time now. Tavistock in Devon also made the list at number eight, followed by Melksham in Wiltshire. Lastly on the list was Alnwick in Northumberland which has seen a 123 percent increase in buyer competition. Balham in London is also a competition hotspot, with competition between buyers increasing by 113 percent. Upminster is second on the list of London hotspots, followed by Chessington with a 106 percent increase. According to Rightmove, greater competition between buyers has pushed asking prices up by an average of 11 percent in the hotspots, compared to this time last year. However, price growth in each area also varies due to different conditions within each of the local housing markets since the pandemic started.