Nicola Walker will make a comeback on BBC One tonight as The Split returns for its fourth episode. Hannah's (played by Nicola Walker) ex-husband Nathan (Stephen Mangan) is having a child with another woman. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether Nicola Walker has children off-screen. Nicola Walker has become a household name in the world of British TV as she has starred in a long list of hit dramas. The star, 51, is married to actor Barnaby Kay and they have both had fruitful careers. Together, they have a son called Harry, who was born in October 2006. He is named after her Spooks co-star Peter Firth's character, Harry Pearce. READ MORE: Esther Rantzen fumes as Queen is criticised for leaning on Andrew Speaking to lifeofwylie.com she said: "Uncle Peter often talks about how actually my son is his child. "Peter has got a great sense of humour. You can’t always show it on screen but I think you can tell. "That’s why people like his character. He’s someone you’d really like to have dinner with and he’d tell you stuff he’s not meant to tell you, as well. "Peter would make a dreadful spy." Their teenage son keeps out of the spotlight so not much else is known about him. Speaking to The Mirror, the star said her son is not as interested in his parents' line of work. She said: "I don’t think my son has ever seen anything I’ve done." Most recently she has worked on the final season of The Split and was "in denial" about the series ending. DON'T MISS... Nicola Walker age: How old is The Split actress? [EXPLAINER] The Split fans convinced Nathan will leave Kate after key clue? [DISCUSSION] The Split Annabel Scholey speaks on ending BBC series [INSIGHT] She revealed being with her BBC co-stars always put a smile on her face. Her other notable credits include Unforgotten, Last Tango in Halifax and of course, Spooks. She has been filming for a new TV show, titled Marriage, but her character has not been disclosed yet. Off-screen, she will be making a long-awaited return to the stage in The Corn is Green. The show is based on the semi-autobiographical 1938 play by Emlyn Williams. Initially she was worried about landing big roles after reaching her 40s. Yet 10 years on, she is still one of the most recognised names in British TV. She claimed the past decade has been the best of her career so far. The star promises plenty of upcoming drama in the final few episodes of The Split.  The Split airs tonight on BBC One at 9pm