Arsenal are reportedly set to follow the same 'blueprint' they used last summer in trying to buy Max Aarons at the end of the season. The Gunners were the Premier League's biggest spenders last year with over £150million spent on six new signings. Edu and Mikel Arteta were keen to follow a strict transfer plan of targeting young players in the market with every signing under the age of 24. Martin Odegaard, Aaron Ramsdale, Ben White and Takehiro Tomiyasu have all established themselves as first-team regulars with Arsenal enjoying a much stronger season than last year. And it appears as though Arsenal will follow a similar pattern this summer in plans for new signings. According to The Sun, Arsenal are hoping to make a move for Aarons when the season comes to an end. The 22-year-old is almost certain to leave Norwich this summer with the Canaries facing relegation from the Premier League. The report claims that Aarons will be available for around £20m with the Gunners to improve their depth at full-back. JUST IN: Arsenal hit setback as Leandro Paredes 'attracts Inter Milan interest'  It is said that Aarons 'fits the Gunners' new blueprint' with Edu and Arteta keen to target highly-rated English players. Aarons was linked with a big-money move away from Carrow Road last summer, but Norwich were able to keep hold of the full-back. Arsenal won't be alone in trying to sign Aarons this summer though with Manchester United also keen on a move. Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund have also been touted as possible destinations, along with Barcelona and Roma. He's struggled to showcase his true talents this year with Norwich rooted to the bottom of the table. But Aarons has shown what he is capable of in the Championship, pushing forward as an attacking threat down the right wing. DON'T MISS  He would face a fight getting into Arsenal's starting XI on a regular basis with both Kieran Tierney and Tomiyasu seen as the first choice full-backs. However, the young English defender has shown his versatility in playing on the left side of defence, while also playing further up the pitch as a winger previously. Arteta wants to bolster his squad in the summer with the hope of European football returning next season. Back-to-back defeats in the Premier League have seen Arsenal drop out of the top four with rivals Tottenham three points above them. Arsenal will be hoping to return to winning ways on Saturday when they take on Southampton.