Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng has supported the plans to charge households higher energy bills if they charge their phone or boil the kettle on a Friday evening, in a bid to prepare Britain’s rapidly-shifting power network for the end of fossil fuels. Consumers are facing huge increases in energy bills after the Russian invasion of Ukraine pushed gas prices even higher.  Mr Kwarteng said that it “totally makes sense” for consumers to face higher costs at the busiest times of the week in the strongest sign yet that a radical shake-up is being considered by ministers. Under the Government's new plans, up to 95 percent of the UK's electricity could come from low-carbon sources by 2030. There is a big focus on offshore wind, with a new target of producing up to 50 gigawatts (GW) of energy from this source by 2030. Officials said this would be more than enough to power every home in the UK.  According to the officials, the surge pricing proposals aim to reduce peaks in power usage which put the grid under heavy strain. Under the new billing system, households would be charged less when not many people are using energy, such as in the middle of the night. They would pay more at times like Friday evenings when lots of people are cooking, watching television or making a cup of tea. Speaking on a podcast published by Aurora Energy Research on Friday, Mr Kwarteng said: “If we're serious about net zero and energy efficiency and having a more nimble system, then we have to probably examine what is called price discrimination. READ MORE: Charles and Camilla's 'LOVE CHILD' unveils new 'undeniable proof' “So that, if you charge your phone on a Wednesday morning at 2am, it's going to cost you less than if you were to do the same thing let's say on a Friday night where people use a lot more electricity. “At the moment, it's just the same blanket price. “So I think there is a lot of work we can do to make a more nimble system that reflects actual economic activity in the moment. “In order to make it more efficient, we probably have to have more continuous pricing, and more variation, in terms of how we pay for charging electricity, or even putting a kettle on.”  DON'T MISS:Princess Anne eclipses William as hardest working royalMarine Le Pen gains ground on ‘feverish’ Macron as final stages loomVDL vows to ‘make Putin pay’ with 6th wave of ‘heavy sanctions' Mr Kwarteng claimed the current approach leads to unnecessary costs. He also suggested localised pricing for different areas could be looked at but suggested this was likely to be more technically difficult. Mr Kwarteng said: “A world where you have quite rigid national prices, which stay the same regardless of demand or supply at any single point, that's quite a rigid system and it builds quite a lot of cost into the system. “Whereas a world where you have more nodal pricing, I don't know about the technicalities of that… but it should be looked into, where you have more localised pricing or you have more continuous pricing, which reflects the supply and demand for electricity at any moment.” 