Fans of the Starz series were stunned and thrilled to discover Fraser’s Ridge resident Lizzie Wemyss (played by Caitlin O'Ryan) had entered a throuple with twin brothers Josiah and Keziah Beardsley (Paul Gorman). Although she insisted their relationship was loving and completely consensual, she may have to make a difficult decision in Outlander season six’s upcoming finale after coming up against Jamie Fraser’s (Sam Heughan) more traditional values. Lizzie could be the next to leave Fraser’s Ridge after Josiah’s brother Keziah drew the short straw in the penultimate episode of Outlander’s sixth season. In episode seven, Sticks and Stones, Jamie was aghast when Claire (Caitriona Balfe) told of Lizzie’s polyamorous relationship with the Beardsley twins. After discovering her pregnancy, she confessed to Claire she was unsure who the father is, and went into some vivid detail about how their secret entanglement got started. Unfortunately, Jamie insisted Lizzie could only marry one of them, and banished Josiah until the baby is born. READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry Despite his religious scuffles with the Ridge’s zealous newcomer Thomas Christie (Mark Lewis Jones), the 18th Century Highlander still finds it hard to let go of some of his more hardwired traditional values. Having been forced to say goodbye to one of the twins, Lizzie confided in Claire the following morning to lament Jamie’s decision to send Josiah away. However, while Claire empathised with Lizzie, she noted she couldn't do anything to change Jamie's mind. Taking matters into her own hands, Lizzie took Josiah to see Roger Mackenzie (Richard Rankin) and asked that he marry them. Roger is not qualified properly as a minister but he performed a handfasting ceremony similar to the one Jamie did for Keziah and Lizzie. When Jamie learned of the handfasting, he was furious and insisted Lizzie would have to marry Keziah. But if the trio continue to ignore his instructions, could Jamie might have to take some more definitive action to ensure the Ridge is free of sin. The author of the original Outlander novels, Diana Gabaldon, has recently explained more behind Jamie’s evolution, particularly when it comes to religion, in the Starz adaptation’s latest outing. DON'T MISS:Star Trek's Kate Mulgrew admits she hasn’t watched Discovery reboot [INTERVIEW]The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth pays tribute to co-stars [VIDEO]Outlander author on character ‘showrunners were loath to lose’ [INSIGHT] “Jamie’s been on the receiving end of religious and cultural prejudice most of his life,” she explained. At the start of the season, a flashback to Jamie’s time in prison established the conflict between the Catholic Scot and the Presbyterian Christie. Although his 20th Century, time-travelling wife has softened some of his more conservative values, allowing an unmarried, pregnant woman to take two lovers clearly proved too much to handle. However, Diana told Parade: “He knows you can’t change people’s minds in such matters.” “If you’re not willing to endure constant strife, or actual war, all you can do is draw your own lines and try to minimise conflict. “Which he does, throughout, with regard both to Tom Christie and the strait-laced fisherfolk.” If Lizzie decides to ignore Jamie’s ultimatum and invite Josiah back on the Ridge, the steely Scot could put his foot down and send all three of them packing. On the other hand, Claire was clearly much more understanding of their situation and could manage to convince Jamie to change his tune once the baby has been born. Lizzie and the Beardleys’ troubles may have to wait until next season, though, as there’s still the small matter of Richard Brown (Chris Larkin) and his posse marching onto the Ridge to arrest Claire for the murder of Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds). Outlander season 6 concludes Sunday, May 1 on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.