Hosting the President of Switzerland, Queen Elizabeth II looked beautiful in blue. The 96-year-old monarch wore a lovely light blue patterned dress and coordinated this with a marvellous brooch. The Queen looked regal today in a blue shift dress, covered in swirling green and blue lines which created flower patterns. It was a perfect royal Spring look. Of course, HRH paired this dress with her signature three-strand pearl necklace. And as is typical of the monarch, the Queen wore a stunning dark blue brooch. READ MORE: William gave mother’s ring to Kate to celebrate 'qualities in common' Her Majesty's paisley dress fell below the knee. She naturally paired this this with skin coloured tights. On her feet she wore simple black court shoes. But the most striking element of the ensemble was undoubtedly the Queen's brooch. The proud owner of 98 sparkling brooches, today the Queen opted for a navy blue accessory. The navy portion of the brooch is fashioned into the shape of a bow. It is separated by strands of silver. Below the navy bow is a cluster of 16 small diamonds. The brooch perfectly complemented her dress. But the brooch wasn't the Queen's only accessory. She donned simple pearl earrings and of course, her favourite three-strand peal necklace. What makes this piece so special? Maxwell Stone, creative director of Steven Stone stated: "Queen Elizabeth has some of the most valuable jewels in the world, so it would be fair to assume that this three-strand pearl necklace and her earrings are made from natural pearls. "Only a very small percentage of pearls used for jewellery are natural, with most of them being cultured." As for the price tag on these peals, Maxwell explained: "If these pieces are made up from natural pearls, they are going to be incredibly rare, not to mention valuable. "One single natural pearl is worth around £3,000, and as the Queen has a three-strand necklace, this could be worth anywhere from £600,000 to £1million." Of course, the pearls increase in value because of the icon who wears them.