Monday may not be your favourite day of the week, but a new Wordle puzzle should at least make it a little more bearable. Despite suspicions that Wordle puzzles have been getting harder since The New York Times acquisition, recent teasers have been pretty straightforward. Wordle 296 bucks this trend, proving much harder than many of April's puzzles so far. If you need help solving today's Wordle puzzle, head to the bottom of the page for a selection of spoiler-free hints and clues for Wordle 296 on April 11. Good luck. First things first, let's go over the rules.  In Wordle, players are given six chances to guess a different five-letter word each day. You'll need to use the process of elimination to uncover the correct answer. For each guess, the letter tiles will show up in one of three colours. If the letter tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. The app keeps track of your statistics, showing the number of correct answers you've managed, and your winning streak. If you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the next day for a new Wordle to be released. You'll also lose your winning streak. Read on for some general Wordle tips, followed by three specific clues for Wordle 296 on April 11... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 295 hints and clues for April 11... 1. Wordle 296 starts with the letter S. 2. Wordle 296 contains two vowels. 3. Contains one of the letters I said to avoid.