Windsor Castle has become the Queen's main residence in recent years, and it seems her grandson Prince William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge are considering a move to Windsor to be closer to her. The Cambridges are also thought to be eyeing up private schools in the surrounding areas for their eldest son Prince George. But rather than choosing one of the Royal Family's beautiful country residences, Kate and William are thought to be interested in finding a private residence for their new family home.  The Royal Lodge is reportedly one of the properties the Cambridges have considered while scouting out a spot for their family's new base. Situated in Windsor Great Park some three miles away from Windsor Castle, the Royal Lodge boasts an incredible 30 rooms and it was famously the Queen Mother's residence until her death in 2002. But the sprawling estate is now the home of the Queen's second son Prince Andrew, and he has no intention of parting from his beloved country residence.  READ MORE: Prince Edward and Sophie will face challenges on royal tour in April Fort Belvedere is an 18th Century property located in Windsor Great Park, and it was once the home of the former King Edward VIII. Edward lived there from 1929 until he became King and abdicated all in the same year of 1936 to marry Wallis Simpson, and it has since been dubbed the Queen's "forgotten castle". The residence is close to other royal properties such as Bagshot Park, the home of Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex. The imposing property is also nearby to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's UK residence of Frogmore Cottage, which is currently occupied by Princess Eugenie, Jack Brooksbank and their son August.   Located just half a mile south of Windsor Castle, Frogmore House is a sprawling royal residence already beloved by the Cambridge family. William and Kate have been known to take their three children to Frogmore House for fun weekends, and it has been a royal retreat for more than 200 years. Queen Charlotte purchased the impressive home in 1790, and it was reportedly considered by the Cambridges as a new country base.  DON'T MISS:Kate and Prince William caught in 'discreet' public show of affection [ANALYSIS]Kate and Prince William's controversial Land Rover ride [INSIGHT]Kate & William prepping move to Windsor - inside £2.5m Frogmore House [PICTURES] Kate and William reportedly even considered moving in with the Queen at her ancient Berkshire fortress. Had the Cambridges become the Queen's new tenants, the family would have been much closer to the Queen and the Middleton family, who live in nearby Bucklebury. The Cambridges could live separately from the Queen in their own private apartment in the castle, but this option has reportedly been vetoed by Kate and William now.  Adelaide Cottage is a stunning royal residence which is grounded in the shadow of Windsor Castle. But the cottage has reportedly not met with the Cambridges' approval as it is currently occupied. 