Dillian Whyte will attempt to pull off the "impossible" when he faces Tyson Fury at Wembley Stadium on Saturday. There, 'The Body Snatcher' will take on the undefeated 'Gypsy King' in a boxing bout few might have thought believable this time 12 months ago. Or at least Whyte's task is close to impossible, according to Fury's father, John, who predicts the underdog has a minute chance of overcoming his offspring. Fury Snr. even went so far as to compare Whyte to a donkey running alongside a steed of much greater pedigree. "An 18-stone athlete always has a percentage of a chance, even if it's only one," he told Sportsmail. "In a percentage out of 100, he's only got a one per cent chance of winning. The only way he could beat Tyson is if he threw the fight. I'd bet millions, trillions on it. He can't win. It's impossible. "It's like asking a donkey to win the Grand National. It ain't happening. People believe in him but they've backed the wrong horse. If they think Dillian can overthrow the Gypsy King they're deluded." READ MORE Boxing legend Mike Tyson 'repeatedly punches passenger' in furious plane scrap   The bout represents a big step up in skill level for Whyte compared to his previous contests. Less than two years have passed since the 34-year-old suffered a shock TKO defeat to Alexander Povetkin, though he's since returned the favour in March 2021. That revenge victory was Whyte's 19th stoppage victory from 28 career wins, though three of his last six successes have gone to the judges. Among those is a triumph over Fury's training partner, Joseph Parker, whom he beat via unanimous decision in July 2018. DON'T MISSTyson Fury hints at Dillian Whyte strategy during open workout after challenger's no-showBritish boxer Fes Batista on racial abuse, Roy Jones Jr, Lady Gaga, Mayweather and moreTyson Fury breaks silence on Daniel Kinahan after £3.8m bounty put on former advisor  It's a trademark of the Fury family to project an air of confidence around their fights, while Whyte has consistently appeared more reserved throughout this camp. The less fancied fighter has also taken a step back from all media duties and missed the pair's recent open workout at Boxpark Wembley. Few are more confident in favourite Fury than his father, John, though the fighter would be wise to not allow that to turn into arrogance. A 2018 draw against Deontay Wilder is the closest the Gypsy King has come to losing his unblemished record until now, but Whyte packs the power needed to potentially pull off a coup in London.