Princess Beatrice shares seven-month-old Sienna with husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. Princess Eugenie shares one-year-old August with husband Jack Brooksbank. Body language expert Judi James analysed the mothers' body language and claimed that the pair are adopting a non-royal approach to parenthood. Beatrice and Eugenie have always been two peas in a pod, so it is unsurprising that they have adopted a mirrored approach to motherhood. They have also shown similarities to the approach used by Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, Judi claimed. She said: "Eugenie refers to them as ‘My boys’ in an echo of Meghan Markle’s sentiments about Harry and Archie." The sisters have similar styles to one another. Judi began: "Despite both having had a very traditional royal childhood with the emphasis appearing to be on their roles as princesses first and foremost, both Beatrice and Eugenie seem to be taking a rather similar approach as each other to a less formal and more down-to-earth image as wives and mothers. "Both girls grew up in a tight-knit trio with their mother, socialising together and appearing to present more of a sibling than a parent/children vibe. There seems to have been a sense of mutual support and dependency that is ongoing." READ MORE: Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi is a 'storybook Prince' but Jack is more 'naïve' At her wedding, Princess Eugenie looked "every inch a Windsor princes", and before this her engagement photo was steeped in royal decorum, but since having her own child Eugenie appears to be doing "everything to step down visually from that royal role". In doing so, she has revealed a "more down-to-earth and natural, relaxed side of herself". Judi supposed that her own upbringing may have played a part in that fundamental decision. She continued: "It is as though she has looked at her own experiences in the royal family and decided to behave in the opposite way. "Photos of her baby August look as contemporary as the child’s name. "There has been an emphasis on selfie-styled photos from Eugenie since her marriage, with both Eugenie and Jack appearing dressed emphatically casually and wearing facial expressions of open excitement about the birth." Whether they are pictured on the slopes or enjoying a country stroll in casual clothes trainers, Eugenie, Jack and August appear in every way a typical family. She has even documented their journey on Instagram, sharing sweet snapshots of their daily life. Growing up in such a tight family unit has probably been hugely influential for the royal mother, so much like her own relationship with her mother and sister, "Eugenie seems to be building her own tight-knit trio with Jack and August". They appear to share parental responsibilities, "showing the baby cradled over Jack’s shoulder or strapped to his chest in a baby-carrier". Beatrice may be the older sister, but she has taken after Eugenie in the way she approaches motherhood. A very new mum, the public has not been given as much of an insight into Beatrice, Edoardo and Sienna's family dynamic. However, Judi observed: "Wearing a puffa coat and with her hair tied up in a very informal knot, Beatrice is recently seen strolling and laughing with her husband, with Edo rather awkwardly holding the handle of their baby stroller." "This is, again, an emphatically un-regal and non-traditional look that suggests she is embracing a world away from royal life even more enthusiastically than her sister." The pair appear to be laughing, joking and even relaxing in casual clothing, a far cry from typical royal body language. Perhaps the pair have not only been influenced by mother Sarah Ferguson but another royal couple with two small children. Judi concluded: "Maybe Harry’s departure to ‘find freedom’ has resonated with these two women who had previously seemed so keen to promote their royal profile within the Firm."