Jane Seymour, 71, has addressed her Playboy cover at 67 and shared she wanted to inspire women who “give up.” The James Bond actress explained that she has begun to live life on her own terms. She recently made her third appearance in the magazine four years ago. At 67, she was the oldest model to pose for Playboy. The goal was to inspire those who felt they had lost their mojo. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show The star said she found it liberating to feel like she can help women who have “given up.” Jane wondered when she was asked why they would want to hire a 67-year-old to do a shoot. At first, she was hesitant but thought it would be a good opportunity to do. She said: “I just thought, 'What? Why would they want a woman in her mid to late sixties to do Playboy?' “I was never going to be naked, but they were going to be celebrating being a woman at my age. "And I just thought, ‘well, you know, that might be inspirational to some women who kind of give up.’" She also added that she had been hearing all her life about women who would stop making an effort after a certain age. "People have said, 'When I had my first child, my husband told me I had to cut my hair off.' Like, really?" she scoffed. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] "And then I meet women who say, 'I never cut my hair. Even though I have four children. “I told my husband until Jane Seymour cuts her hair, I’m not cutting mine.' She added to The Mirror: "And then I point out the only reason I didn’t cut my hair is I had it cut once and I wanted it to flip – but it flops!" Jane is mum to Katherine, 40, Sean, 36, and twins John and Kristopher, 26. The actress initially found fame in the 1969 hit film Oh! What A Lovely War, directed by Richard Attenborough. Through Richard, she met her first husband Michael Attenborough, whom she married in 1971. In 1973, Jane played Bond girl Solitaire alongside Roger Moore in Live and Let Die. She then won several awards in further hit film and TV shows over the years, including 2005’s Wedding Crashers starring Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughan.