Johnny Depp has sparked a row between former Good Morning Britain host Piers Morgan and Sharon Osbourne amid his ongoing $50 million court case against his ex-wife Amber Heard. Speaking at the press event ahead of the launch of their TalkTV shows, Sharon fired back at Piers after he branded what was being said in the court case "disgusting". When asked what topics he'd cover on his talk show today, Piers said that he'd want to discuss the $50 million lawsuit Depp has brought against his ex-wife. Piers said: "I'd be talking about Johnny Depp and Amber Heard and this terrible court case. "They're trashing each other all over again." However, the wife of rocker Ozzy Osbournewas quick to warn Piers off speaking about the Pirates of the Caribbean actor. READ MORE: Piers Morgan reignites feud with Alex Beresford as he returns to ITV She cut in: "I have to say Piers, our first fight -don't talk about my Johnny Depp that way!" But Piers promptly fired back, branding the court case a "s**t show". He said to his friend: "Sharon Come on. "Well, we're gonna have this debate when we get on air but honestly, the pair of them deserve each other. "What an absolute s**t show." "The pair of them, honestly, I can't read any more about how much these two hate each other or how abusive they were to each other. "It's disgusting. "I mean, some of the stuff coming out of this latest case is disgusting," Piers added. DON'T MISS... ‘Utterly cynical manoeuvre’ John Cleese lashes out at Tories [INSIGHT]Stacey Solomon issues apology over 'unrelatable' swimming pool update [ANALYSIS]ITV's Charlene White slams 'misplaced vitriol' aimed at Prince Harry [UPDATE] Sharon continued to rage at the Uncensored host: "Don't you talk about Johnny that way!" Piers went on to invite the flame-haired TV personality on to his show so they can discuss the ongoing court case. He admitted to Sharon: "Well, you know better than me. "Well save this debate for when we get on as actually that case will still be raging. "Alright, you're booked first week for the Johnny Depp debate, saint or sinner," he quipped as Sharon settled down. Most recently in the court case, Johnny told the court how his ex-wife "severed his finger" during a row and "injured him with a roundhouse punch". Amber has yet to take to the stand and has denied causing the injuries. Piers' show Uncensored launches on Monday 25th April at 8pm while The Talk with Sharon will air an hour later at 9pm.