Coronation Street couple Sally and Tim Metcalfe (played by Sally Dynevor and Joe Duttine) married in October 2019, but the pair have found it hard to steal some time together lately. Actress Sally had been away performing on Dancing On Ice, and fans of Coronation Street will now be excited to see her give her undivided time to the show. With tension growing between Sally and Tim's mother will she be able to spend quality time with her husband now she is back?   Sally first joined the soap in 1986 with the star's character battling cancer, getting married and divorced and surviving domestic abuse. Fans of the drama saw a raunchier side to the Weatherfield local recently as she and her husband, Tim started to ramp things up in the bedroom. Now returning to the street from visiting her Sister Gina (played by Connie Hyde), Sally can't wait to get her hands on her husband. However, it doesn't go according to plan when she arrives in upcoming scenes on Coronation Street. Read More: Coronation Street theory: Heartache for Eileen Grimshaw as she learns George's secret Coming home from visiting her sibling in Newcastle, Sally is less than impressed that his mother, Elaine Jones (Paula Wilcox), is still living with them. Elaine moved in to help while her son dealt with his heart complications and healed from medical procedures, and very much made herself at home. Her mother-in-law announced she was moving in while visiting Tim in hospital and gave Sally little time to react or process the snap decision. Enough is enough for Sally, who insists to her husband that it is high time for Elaine to move out and that she wants her house and her husband all to herself.  His lack of movement on the issue forces Sally to take matters into her own hands. Sally finds the opportune moment to ask her to leave, which does not go well when Tim finds out. There is a chance Tim has had time to think about whether his relationship with Sally is really working out. If he is no longer attracted to her, he will find any way possible to cause distance between the couple. DON’T MISS…BBC Breakfast: Fans are convinced they have 'figured out' Dan Walker replacement [LATEST]Dec Donnelly breaks down in tears over BGT star's heartbreaking performance[LATEST]Yellowstone's Rip and Carter dinner scene had glaring continuity error - did you spot it? [LATEST] Absences are meant to make the heart grow fonder but has Sally's absence highlighted to Tim that he is happy without her? Having the house back to herself thrills the recently returned home-owner, but she isn't greeted with the same enthusiasm. With nothing to get in the way of the two of them, things do not go according to Sally's plan. Tim's bypass surgery meant that the lovebirds were unable to have sex for six-weeks Having his mother in the house put an extra block to their bedroom antics, with Elaine previously walking in on the pair starting to get frisky. Once Sally boots his mother out, shouldn't Tim be eager to get his hands on his wife again? Viewers will have to tune into the show this week to find out what goes down in the Metcalfe house. But it could all go wrong for the couple as Tim loses the spark he initially had with Sally. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8 pm on ITV. 