Flight attendant Miguel Muñoz exclusively told Express.co.uk the most effective ways to get things for free on board the plane - including better seats. Miguel explained: "Sometimes people come to me asking for an orange juice or a snack because they say they are dizzy or have low blood sugar. We [the crew] automatically think they are lying just to get something for free. And probably some people lie." He continued: "But I always think if you're lying karma will come back for sure. But if they are not lying and I don't give them anything it's even worse. "I have to, just in case. On the plane, the crew is in charge of helping passengers, so we have to trust them really," he explained. Miguel said this is actually a  very good trick to get free stuff on the plane, as flight attendants can't question a passenger's request when claiming they feel unwell. However, the crew member said it also depends on "how you ask". READ MORE: Flight attendant says 'clothes pouches' are 'smartest' way to pack  He explained how: "Most airlines don't give anything for free, not even water, so when passengers come saying they are very thirsty, they need to take medication or they just ask for a glass of water, I officially have to say no. "First, I always tell them that we sell bottles of water. I'd normally give it for free but it all depends on how you ask really. "For example, if after I say we charge for water they [passengers] get all upset saying things like 'but the law says you have to give me free water' or ' it's a human right' automatically I'm not going to give them any. "Now, if you say you don't feel well or you ask very nicely then definitely I will be giving that to you," he said.  In terms of upgrades, Miguel said "it's about being nice and honest" and explained what passengers should and shouldn't say to get better seats on board. The flight attendant explained: "If passengers come to me and say they need more space for some reason I move them to the overwings [seats by the emergency exit with extra legroom]. "But you have to be careful with what you say! Because if you say you have a bad knee, for example, I have to be careful with these people as passengers seating by emergency exits are the ones who have to assist the crew in case of an emergency. "If you can't operate the emergency exit because you have a bag knee I can't move you to the overwings. So it won't work." So what should passengers say to be moved to the emergency exit row? Miguel said: "My advice is to be honest, don't try to be dramatic. If it's true that you have a bad leg, fair enough (although you won't be seating in the overwings!). But don't lie about it because probably you don't know it but it won't benefit you. "The other day a passenger said he had hip pain and he wanted to have extra legroom. "Unfortunately, because of that, I couldn't move him to the emergency exit but I moved him to the last row which was completely empty. "Just be honest. If you don't have any pain, simply say 'Hey if you guys had any seats available in the emergency exit row could you let me know?' and I will," he suggested. Miguel added: "This is the trick: make it easy for the crew. Maybe say 'Listen if you don't mind me seating in the overwings if there is space available, I have been seated there before, I know how it works, I'm happy seating there', then I know that person is comfortable seating there, operating the exit, knows that everything needs to be placed in the overhead compartment etc. "So make it easier for the crew, basically. "And of course, when we have passengers who are very tall and need more space or people who nicely ask for it because they just want to be more comfortable. If the seats are free, I definitely move them."