The grapefruit diet was one of the first fad diets to be introduced to the public. It was later popularised as the “Hollywood diet” and involves eating grapefruit or drinking grapefruit juice with every meal. Supporters of the diet claim this fruit can help burn fat and see weight loss results in as little as 12 days. So how does regular consumption of this particular citrus fruit reduce the number on the scales? The grapefruit diet has been around since the 1920s and 1930s (possibly earlier). It then saw a resurgence in the 1970s, and various iterations of the diet continue to circulate. In 2004, a book titled "The Grapefruit Solution" suggested that eating grapefruit could improve the success rate of the weight loss plan of your choice. The focus of any version of the grapefruit diet generally involves eating a few servings of grapefruit a day and tends to be extremely restrictive with other foods. READ MORE: Michael Mosley on the ‘foods we should be eating’ for weight loss The biggest promise of the grapefruit diet is significant weight loss in a short time. And there have been mixed opinions when it comes to grapefruit aiding weight loss. First of all, grapefruit is a nutritious fruit. Health expert Kellyann Petrucci, ND pointed out the nutritional benefits found in whole grapefruit. DON'T MISS...Prince Charles leaves Queen Letizia 'awkward’ with kiss on hand [BODY LANGUAGE]Aries weekly horoscope: Star sign to be patient for success in love [INSIGHT]Aldi shoppers ‘truly amazed’ with results of age-defying face cream [REACTION] “There’s a hefty dose of vitamin C, which is linked to a 20 percent faster metabolism,” she said. “And an antioxidant called naringenin, which may prompt the liver to burn fat faster.” To add to this, the journal Nutrition says a pigment in pink and red grapefruit - called lycopene - boosts levels of the hormone adiponectin. This hormone is known as a belly-flattener. However, grapefruit can be problematic for people who take certain medications. Consuming this citrus fruit with certain medicines can have adverse health effects, so it is best to check with your doctor before adding grapefruit to your diet. As for the impact it has on weight loss, the results from one 12-week pilot study which saw 100 men and women participate in the ‘Grapefruit diet’, were quite interesting. Medial News Today revealed the findings: “On average, participants who ate half a grapefruit with each meal lost 3.6 pounds, while those who drank a serving of grapefruit juice three times a day lost 3.3 pounds. “However, many patients in the study lost more than 10 pounds.” Doctor Ken Fujioka who led the study explained: “For years people have talked about the grapefruit diet, and some even swear by it, but now, we have data that grapefruit helps weight loss. “Our study participants maintained their daily eating habits and slightly enhanced their exercise routine; the only dietary change was the intake of Florida grapefruit and grapefruit juice.” Perhaps one reason why the participants lost weight was due to grapefruit’s fibre-rich content which helps that feeling of being full, thus meaning fewer calories throughout the day were consumed.