The Brain Tumour Charity says: “Changes in vision associated with brain tumours can include blurred vision – for example, you may find it has become difficult to watch TV or read." Furthermore, they say a person with a brain tumour can lease part of their field of vision and lead to them “bumping into objects, or feel as if objects or people are suddenly appearing on one side of [them]." Brain tumours can cause changes in vision either because of the optic disc on the back of the eye swelling or due to increased pressure on the optic nerve. The latter will occur because of a build-up of cerebrospinal fluid in the brain that occurs as a result of tumour growth. READ MORE: Dementia symptoms include difficulty managing moods   Symptoms of a brain tumour will depend on which part of the brain the tumour is located. For example, a tumour in the brain stem will affect alertness, breathing, digestion, heart rate, blood pressure, circulation, and swallowing while a tumour in the temporal lobe can affect hearing, memory and learning, recognising objects or faces, and identifying emotions. Other common symptoms of a brain tumour include:• Headaches• Seizures• Persistent nausea• Vomiting• Drowsiness• Mental or behavioural changes• Progressive weakness or paralysis on one side of the body.  Treatment for a brain tumour depends on several factors including how big it is, how far it has spready, where it is in the brain, how abnormal the cells are, and a person’s overall fitness and health. These factors, in tandem with the available treatments, will impact a patient’s long-term outcome and life expectancy. Scientists are always working away to try and improve the latter. As part of this process, they are experimenting with new treatments for brain tumours, including those incorporating cannabis. A new study being conducted by the University of Birmingham is looking into whether a cannabis based drug could help combat aggressive brain tumours. The trial follows promising results from a phase one study last year. Director of the Cancer Research UK Clinical Trials Unit Professor Pam Kearns said: “The treatment for glioblastomas remains extremely challenging. Even with surgery, radiotherapy and chemotherapy, nearly all of these brain tumours re-grow within a year, and unfortunately there are very few options for patients once this occurs." Currently patients with glioblastomas survive for just 10 months after diagnoses. Kearns continues: “Cannabinoids have well-described effects in the brain and there has been a lot of interest in their use across different cancers for a long time now. Glioblastoma brain tumours have been shown to have receptors to cannabinoids on their cell surfaces, and laboratory studies on glioblastoma cells have shown these drugs may slow tumour growth. “Having recently shown that a specific cannabinoid combination given by oral spray could be safely added to temozolomide chemotherapy, we’re really excited to build on these findings to assess whether this drug could help glioblastoma patients live longer in a major randomised trial.” Attitudes have begun to change on cannabis with more people recognising the medicinal properties of the plant.