The sight of a large puddle at the side of the road coupled with a pedestrian on the pavement may well be a tempting one. But deliberately splashing a stranger might end up being an expensive practical joke according to car leasing specialists Rivervale Leasing who have uncovered six unusual driving laws that can land you a fine. Bud Johnston, Group Marketing Director at Rivervale Leasing told Express.co.uk exclusively: “When driving in rainy conditions, it can be very distracting for some drivers who should be aware that splashing a pedestrian can lead to a fine! “According to the Road Traffic Act 1988, Section 3 states ‘If a person drives a mechanical propeller vehicle on a road or other public place without due care and attention, or without reasonable consideration for other persons using the road or place, he is guilty of an offence.’ “So, this means if you are caught doing this you could receive 3-9 points on your licence and up to a £5,000 fine.” Mr Johnston advised: “When you come to a big puddle, safely decrease the speed you are driving at and go through the water slowly, ideally 3-4mph speed. READ MORE: 'Members of the public are stupid!' LBC caller erupts over fuel prices “This will prevent the water from splashing any pedestrians near the puddle and can reduce accidents caused by your car losing contact with the road. “However, if it is safe to do so, you can drive around the puddle too. “Simply check your mirrors and for oncoming vehicles, indicate to let other drivers know your intentions and manoeuvre. But you should still drive slowly and with caution as road conditions will be wet.“ The company also discovered some other unusual driving laws that could prove costly for motorists if they’re ignored. DON'T MISS UK sees largest rise in petrol prices since records began [REVEAL] How to check which petrol stations have diesel near me [INSIGHT] Fuel shortages see stations drying up, says pressure group [WARNING] Night-time parking - £1,000 fineRule 248 in the Highway Code states: “You must not park on a road at night facing against the direction of the traffic flow unless in a recognised parking space.” This is because when a car is parked against that traffic flow, there’s no indication to catch the headlights of an approaching vehicle, and therefore, your car may be a potential hazard. Unrestrained pets - £5,000 fineRule 57 in the Highway Code states: “When in a vehicle make sure dogs or other animals are suitably restrained so they cannot distract you while you are driving or injure you, or themselves, if you stop quickly. A seat belt harness, pet carrier, dog cage or dog guard are ways of restraining animals in cars.” While there isn’t a direct penalty for unrestrained pets, motorists could be charged for driving without due care if distracted - and that’s why it’s important to restrain them properly. Parking on the pavement - £70 fineFinding parking can be a tricky task, especially in busier cities or towns with no available parking spots insight. It has been illegal to park on London pavements for over 40 years with a small fine to pay if this is the case, however, it isn’t illegal elsewhere in Britain, only if a sign permits it.Highway Code rule 244 states: “You must not park partially or wholly on the pavement in London, and should not do so elsewhere unless signs permit it. Parking on the pavement can obstruct and seriously inconvenience pedestrians, people in wheelchairs or with visual impairments and people with prams or pushchairs.” Honking your horn - £30 fineWhile driving can often be stressful, the horn is designed to alert or warn another driver of your presence, not for aggressive purposes. Rule 112 states “The horn. Use only while your vehicle is moving and you need to warn other road users of your presence. Never sound your horn aggressively. "You must not use your horn while stationary on the road or when driving in a built-up area between the hours of 11.30 pm and 7.00 am except when another road user poses a danger.”