Paul Pogba has reportedly met with Paris Saint-Germain chief Leonardo as his inevitable Manchester United exit edges ever closer. It is understood the midfielder is keen to join the French giants at the expiry of his contract having snubbed United's efforts over a new deal. The 29-year-old is yet to commit to a fresh contract at Old Trafford and appears destined to depart the club on a free transfer for a second time when his current deal expires at the end of the season. A number of top European teams, including the likes of Real Madrid and Juventus, have been linked with making a move for the midfielder, however PSG remain in pole position - especially following reports of a meeting between player and club. According to FootMercato, the United star has met with PSG sporting director Leonardo to discuss the prospect of a summer move. The report claims Pogba indicated that he and his family are keen on heading to the French capital come the end of the season. The French outlet states that PSG have made the World Cup winner their 'top priority' this summer as they look to strengthen in midfield as part of their rebuild following a catastrophic Champions League exit to Real Madrid last month. Pogba appears destined to depart Old Trafford, despite United's best efforts. READ MORE: Man Utd ‘have submitted written offer’ as Erik ten Hag has big dreams for Old Trafford  In their attempts to tie the midfielder down, it is understood the Red Devils tabled a staggering offer to Pogba, believed to be in the region of £400,000-a-week, as they looked to tempt him to stay by making him the highest paid player in the Premier League. The October offer reportedly included an enormous commission for Pogba's agent Mino Raiola, too. However, the United midfielder appears increasingly intent on exiting the club for a second time in order to satisfy his thirst for trophies. The Frenchman recently told Telefoot: “I want to win titles, to play for something and this year and the last few years we haven't won a title. It's sad. The season is not over yet, but almost because we don't have any more titles to play for. DON'T MISSMan Utd forward Mason Greenwood confronted by supporter as police investigation continues [NEWS]Erik ten Hag ‘close to deciding on Man Utd job’ with three assurances key [GOSSIP]Gary Neville and Roy Keane agreed as duo pick title winner between Liverpool and Man City [QUOTES]  "Totally [playing for France is a breath of fresh air]. That's the truth. There were difficult moments at Manchester United and I needed this break to regain my energy and confidence. "Nothing is decided on my future, there is nothing done. I can decide tomorrow, as I can decide during the transfer window." 