Manchester United are reportedly putting things in place to launch audacious summer swoops for Kalvin Phillips and Christopher Nkunku. Incoming boss Erik ten Hag will allegedly have the final say on whether the deals go ahead, however, as the Dutchman scans information on transfer targets sent to him by the club. Early signs suggest that Ten Hag will be given more responsibility than some of his predecessors, including the right to veto transfer targets. It could therefore be a hefty leap in pressure for the Ajax boss, considering his previous managerial posts have been at Go Ahead Eagles, Bayern Munich II and Utrecht. Manchester Evening News claim that Phillips and Nkunku have already been sounded out, but they are waiting on Ten Hag's green light before pressing on with negotiations. The Dutchman has supposedly been sent information by the club so that he can study new recruits for the summer. It remains to be seen how much time Ten Hag will, or indeed can put into the research given that Ajax are still in the midst of a Dutch title race. Despite the verbal agreement in place, United are thought to be holding off an initial announcement out of respect for the Amsterdam-based side. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag urged to sign 'next Ruud van Nistelrooy' when he joins Man Utd - EXCLUSIVE  The two targets in question would delight most of the Red Devils faithful this summer. Phillips is a favourite of England manager Gareth Southgate and played an important role in the nation's run to the Euro 2020 final last year, although it remains to be seen whether he would be willing to ditch bitter rivals Leeds United for Old Trafford. Nkunku, meanwhile, is one of the season's breakout stars after blitzing his previous goals record for a single season. This campaign he has toppled his previous best of seven in the Champions League alone, and the versatile attacking midfielder has bagged a stunning total of 28 goals in all competitions. DON'T MISS...Arsenal's new-look XI if Gabriel to Barcelona swap deal helps solve striker issueErik ten Hag planning Man Utd backroom staff team 'with three on shortlist'Villarreal ace Capoue rubs sult in Bayern boss Nagelsmann's wounds Ten Hag is likely to be faced with other areas of focus in the summer too with a full-back, a centre-back and a striker also believed to be on the hit list. Cristiano Ronaldo and Marcus Rashford could both follow Edinson Cavani out of the Old Trafford exit door at the end of the season which could leave the Red Devils short in attack. A shake-up between the sticks is not out of the question either, despite David De Gea's strong showings this campaign. Indeed, Ten Hag tried to sign the Spaniard's back-up, Dean Henderson, for Ajax in January so he clearly has an affinity for the Englishman's talents.  It remains to be seen how prominent a role Rangnick will play this summer when he steps aside from touchline duties and takes up a rather ambiguous consultancy role. The German has a healthy transfer market track record with RB Leipzig and others, but the latest reports indicate that the important decisions will rest on Ten Hag. The Dutchman could be fighting with one arm behind his back this summer if United miss out on the top four which, at this late stage of the season and based on their tough run of games, seems a likely outcome.