Gemma Atkinson, 37, shared a hilarious video from her morning workout on Friday as she joked her “camel toe bagged” fiancé Gorka Marquez. The Strictly Come Dancing runner-up made the funny statement as she trained at her indoor gym sporting workout gear from her In The Style range. The former Hollyoaks actress filmed herself dancing to Janet Jackson’s Rhythm Nation in view of her 1.7 million Instagram followers. Gemma gave Janet’s iconic choreography her best attempt and couldn’t help but poke fun at herself. She wrote: “It was these moves, facials and camel toe that bagged me Gorka. “He couldn’t resist!” READ MORE:Dan Walker laments relationships with BBC Breakfast co-stars amid exit In a follow-up clip, Gemma told fans she had to turn her music off because it was distracting her away from the workout. She said: “I’ve had to turn the music off, I can’t train with it on. “I’ve got too many sick tunes, it’s making me not want to train. “I’m not getting anything done, no, train in silence to get the work done!” She went on to say that she did put her music back on but resorted to “cheesy stuff” that didn’t make her want to dance. Her “cheesy” playlist included Danger Zone by Kenny Loggins, Hearts On Fire by John Cafferty and I Want It All by Queen. It comes after Gemma made a candid admission about her relationship with Gorka on last week’s Lorraine. Chatting to guest host Christine Lampard, Gemma opened up about raising their young daughter, Mia. DON'T MISSRhea Perlman 'wishes' she and Danny DeVito were 'still together'[LATEST]Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’[INSIGHT]Martin Roberts in hospital with 'hours to live' after chest pains[NEWS] Having recently wrapped up his Firedance tour with Karen Hauer, Gemma admitted that he “wanted to be home” rather than on the road. The actress said: “It was Giovanni [Pernice], he texted me and said, 'Gorka has not been himself, I am just letting you know.' "And I Facetimed him and they were all out one night, the lads, and he was in a hotel on his own. "And he just got really upset and said, 'I don't want to be here, I want to be at home with you and our baby.'" She then joked that as soon as he came home, she handed Mia to him so she could have a rest. Sparks began to fly between Gemma and Gorka during her stint on Strictly Come Dancing in 2017, despite being partnered with other people. Gemma made it to the final with Aljaž Skorjanec while Gorka was paired with X-Factor winner Alexandra Burke. They confirmed their relationship after months of speculation and welcomed Mia in July 2019. Gorka popped the question on Valentine’s Day in 2021 but the couple are yet to wed.