The new Pension Age Disability Payment will replace Attendance Allowance for people in Scotland. It is one of three new disability payments being introduced by the Scottish Government - the biggest change will see face to face assessments scrapped. The new Pension Age Disability Payment is intended to help older people with a disability or health condition. The benefit roll out will be overseen by Social Security Scotland who is taking over responsibility from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Just like Attendance Allowance, this new state benefit will be paid to pensioners who require help around the home. It’s one of three changes being brought in north of the border to streamline disability payments and make the process easier to navigate. READ MORE: The 15 groups who qualify for free NHS prescriptions and dental care At the same time, Adult Disability Payment (ADP) will replace Personal Independence Payments (PIP). Child Disability Payment already replaced Disability Living Allowance (DLA) for children in November 2021. Social Security Scotland has not yet said when the Pension Age Disability Payment will be rolled out, but it’s expected to be finished by 2025. People in Scotland who already receive Attendance Allowance will be moved over to the new benefits in stages. DON'T MISS:Is it cheaper to heat one room with an electric heater? [ANLAYSIS]Housing Benefit rule stopping Britons from receiving full entitlement [UPDATE]Pension tax warning: Savers hit with 55% charge on their pension pots [WARNING] Although most things will stay the same when it comes to claiming these new benefits, one of the biggest changes is that there will no longer be face to face assessments. Instead, a decision will be made according to the claimant’s account of their circumstances and supporting information. The Scottish Government said: "We are making the application process as simple and easy as possible to encourage and support people to apply for the payments they are entitled to. "The application process for disability assistance will be inclusive, accessible, provided in a range of formats and available through a range of routes (online, phone, post and in-person). "We are making a number of improvements to the application form to include clear guidance on how the eligibility criteria is applied.” Previously, PIP claimants have criticised the process because some claim it has taken too long and makes people feel unsupported. Meanwhile, nearly three and a half (3.4million) aren’t claiming Attendance Allowance they could be entitled to. It’s hoped the new Scottish system will address these issues and encourage more people to apply. As the cost of living crisis worsens, there’s never been a more important time for people to check they are receiving all they are entitled to. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The new rates for Pension Age Disability Payments are: To check eligibility for benefits, people can go to Gov.uk where there is a handy benefits calculator.