Europe’s, and indeed, the wider world’s, attention will be focussed on France this weekend as it chooses its leader for the next five years. At the same time, polls will open in Slovenia, to conclude what appears to have been a close and controversial race. Janez Janša is vying to continue his time as Prime Minister after votes are cast this Sunday, on April 24. He is described in various outlets as “right wing”, “populist” and even as Europe’s “mini Trump”. The leader sparked particular controversy late last year when he claimed there were hundreds of “Soros puppets in the EU Parliament”, here referring to the Hungarian-American finance George Soros who is often the butt of conspiracy theories relating to his Soros Fund Management. POLITICO described the tweet as carrying “anti-Semitic undertones”. Dutch MEP Malik Azmani also criticised him at the time in a post on Twitter for pushing what he described as a “despicable, anti-Semitic trope”. Since being embroiled in such accusations, Janša has used what appear to be endorsements from Brussels leaders to increasing his standing at home ahead of this week’s election. One notable figure quoted in his election campaign paper, sent out to Slovenian voters, is EU Commission President Ursula Von der Leyen. Alongside a jolly pictures, von der Leyen is quoted as thanking “you, dear Janez, for the excellent cooperation during your Presidency”. READ MORE: Macron blasts Le Pen as 'far-right' European Council President Charles Michel is also quoted commenting Janša for his “commitment”. There is, however, a noticeable caveat, which POLITICO notes: “While the quotes are authentic, they are taken from customary expressions of gratitude when Slovenia held the presidency of the Council of the EU.” It jokes this was a “reminder to EU leaders not to say things you don’t mean – lest they be quoted in a Slovenian election pamphlet”. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Janša is hoping despite, and perhaps because of his past comments, and the same for suspect commendations from EU chefs, he will still be in power once election day is over. The race has, however, been close than he may at first anticipated. POLITICO polling shows the gap between his Slovenska Demokratska Stranka (Slovenian Democratic Party) and the relatively new Gibanje Svoboda (Freedom Movement) has narrowed sharply in recent weeks. While the year began with 18 points between the two parties, they is now just one point between them, with Janša on 24 percent and his opponent on 23. Meanwhile, perhaps the most decisive moment of the French presidential election will take place this evening, on April 20, as Macron and Marine Le Pen face each other in another televised debate. Polling here is closer than what the candidates last competed in the 2017 election, too, and pundits suggest the victor could be made clear if one of the two fares particularly well in the live debate.