Newcastle United could sanction the shock sale of Allan Saint-Maximin this summer as a mass overhaul may see 10 players depart. Manager Eddie Howe has reportedly been informed that a £60million transfer budget will have to be supplemented with player sales. Saint-Maximin is in the midst of another superb season, and his haul of five Premier League goals and three assists does not paint the true picture of how influential he has been on Tyneside. The exuberant winger routinely takes matches by the scruff of the neck and wows onlookers, achieving fan-favourite status at St James' Park. But The Daily Mail claim that the Magpies will listen to offers in the region of £50m for the Frenchman. The surprise decision supposedly comes after the club's wealthy owners informed Howe and his team that they will put £60m into the transfer kitty this summer. Player sales will be needed to generate the rest of the cash if Howe is keen to undertake a major squad overhaul. Aston Villa are believed to be among the interested parties that could mount an approach for Saint-Maximin, but there are bound to be others as word gets around that his exit could be a possibility. JUST IN: Rangers vs Celtic Old Firm derby brought to halt as smashed glass aimed at Joe Hart The Saudi-led consortium's strict stance may come as a surprise given their vast riches, not to mention the trigger-happy January window that saw them splash £90m on five new arrivals. With the Toon's Premier League status almost assured, however, it seems as though the owners are content to take their foot off the gas in order to comply with financial restrictions. Saint-Maximin is not the only name on the chopping block as up to nine others could reportedly make way. The prospect of a mass clearout was raised in a three-day transfer meeting before another recruitment drive starts this summer. DON'T MISS...Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'did not have high expectations' before Brentford lossGary Lineker pays tribute to Christian Eriksen after Brentford star scores against ChelseaLiverpool hero Jamie Carragher picks out two stars after win over Watford A mass clearout may, in fact, be vital given the amount of star-studded names linked with Newcastle in recent weeks. French youngsters Hugo Ekitike and Moussa Diaby, along with Watford's flying winger Ismaila Sarr are all supposedly being eyed up to bolster Howe's attacking ranks. Bologna wonderkid Aaron Hickey and Brighton goalkeeper Robert Sanchez have also been touted as targets to sure up the back-line. None of the stars in the Magpies' crosshairs will come cheap, and all have been tipped to have big futures. It remains to be seen whether Newcastle will revisit the hoard of January targets that slipped through the net.  The club's owners are likely to feel more relaxed about placing money in Howe's hands this summer in light of the turnaround job he has overseen in recent months. They suffered two defeats before the international break, but went eight unbeaten before that to virtually ensure their Premier League safety. Outgoing Brighton technical director Dan Ashworth is set to assume the role of transfer chief at St James' Park, although they may have to wait until November until his official appointment.