Louise Minchin, 53, has taken to Twitter to react to the news that Dan Walker has shared. The BBC Breakfast presenter explained that he will be moving to 5 News and Channel 5. Channel 5 news released the update to Twitter yesterday with a short clip of Dan speaking about his unexpected career move. The post read: “Some news to share with you all from us at @5_News. “@MrDanWalker will be bringing you the news at 5pm every day from now on. “And he's got something to tell you all - watch his video down below.” Louise replied to the shock announcement in a quote tweet, writing: “Massive congratulations and good luck Dan. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show “You will be missed on @BBCBreakfast but you won’t miss the early alarm calls.” Fans among Louise’s 253,100 followers also took to the comments to share their thoughts. @TonyHearn14 penned: “Does this mean Louise is back on BBC Breakfast?” To which Louise replied, with a laughing emoji: “No.” @PeterBridge18 said: “Who will replace him. He will be missed.” @Donkey_cone quipped in reply: “I hear Piers Morgan is in the running.” @Neilabrad wrote: “Great news for Dan but can't help thinking BBC has been haemorrhaging top talent for a couple of years now! Very concerning.” @Tomasibray said: “It was never the same without you two, a great double-act!” DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] In the video, Dan said it was a hard decision to make, as he loves BBC Breakfast. “This has been a massive decision for me because I love Breakfast,” the star said. He added: “I love working alongside Sally and I love the team there. “But Channel 5 came with big ambitions, with big plans. “I don’t think opportunities like this come around very often.” Dan shared the post with his 753,100 Twitter followers yesterday evening. He attached the caption: “Hello lovely people… some news.”