Sarah Ferguson married Prince Andrew on July 23, 1986, in an ivory satin dress. She wore two headpieces throughout the celebrations, a flower crown and a diamond tiara. She has worn this since her divorce. Diamond expert Maxwell Stone analysed the precious second piece of jewellery. Walking up the aisle, the bride wore an elaborate flower crown of white gardenias. She reportedly chose this flower because they were Prince Andrew's favourite. But at the end of the ceremony, she removed the flower crown to unveil a "dazzling" diamond tiara, stated Maxwell. It was symbolic of her entrance into the Royal Family. READ MORE: Kate Middleton makes 'strategic' makeup choice for public engagements The sparkling jewel was known as the York tiara, with Sarah being the the Duchess of York. The diamond tiara, which boasted a 5ct centre stone, is encased in an elaborate swirled pattern of assorted sized diamonds. Maxwell estimated that the "remarkable piece" has a value of around £250,000. But how does it compare to other royal tiaras? Maxwell stated: "Unlike most of the tiaras worn at British royal weddings, which are usually loaned from the royal collection, this piece was completely new, and was actually a gift from Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip." Because it became her personal property, in "true Fergie style", the Duchess of York continued to wear the tiara after her wedding and even after her divorce. In addition to her visits to Australia and Canada, "Fergie also wore the extravagant headpiece to Elton John’s white tie ball in 2001, because…why the heck not?", said Maxwell. But despite its grandness, Sarah's York Tiara was relatively modest in comparison to other brides in the UK Royal Family. Both of her daughters, Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice, wore far more expensive tiaras on their special days. Maxwell revealed: "The Greville Emerald Kokoshnik tiara worn by Princess Eugenie on her wedding day is the most valuable tiara overall, worth an estimated £10million. "The Greville Emerald Kokoshnik tiara is made of rose-cut pave diamonds set in platinum and is adorned with six emeralds." What makes it so valuable is its emeralds, which are an exquisite 93.7ct.