Robert Jobson has slapped down Prince Harry over comments the Duke made to an American TV network after his recent brief meeting with the Queen last week. Mr Jobson branded the remarks by Harry as "bizarre" and argued the Duke was displaying "narcissism in the extreme" GB News host Eamonn Holmes told the royal commentator: "[Prince Harry] talks about being surrounded by the right people, either to protect the Queen from him or does he want his right people? "It is quite an arrogant and contradictory piece of advice, surely." Mr Jobson replied: "Well, it's narcissism to the extremes, isn't it. "This is the guy that has already not seen his grandmother for a couple of years and well for a while since the funeral and that was only fleeting."  "I mean, I think actions speak louder than the words, and Prince Charles, in particular, has been stepping up and supporting his mother with actions and also all of our children people and daughters in law like I said Sophie Wessex and Camilla have been pretty much there all the time behind the scenes as has Prince William. "So I think for him to sort of waltz in leaving his Netflix crew just at the door and then start talking about protecting his grandmother is slightly bizarre, to be honest." It comes after the Duke Of Sussex said the Queen was "on great form" during their recent meeting but added he wanted to make sure that she was "protected" and had "the right people around her". He and his wife Meghan visited the monarch and met with the Prince of Wales in Windsor on Thursday, having flown in from their home in the US before travelling on to The Hague in the Netherlands for the Invictus games.  It is the first time the couple had been seen together publicly on this side of the Atlantic for two years. Speaking to NBC's Today show about his meeting with the Queen, he said "Being with her it was great, it was just so nice to see her, she's on great form. "She's always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure that she's protected and got the right people around her. "Both Meghan and I had tea with her, so it was really nice to catch up with her." It comes days ahead of the monarch's 96th birthday on Thursday and just over a year after the funeral of her husband the Duke of Edinburgh. Prince Harry said: "Home for me now, for the time being, is in the States and it feels that way. "We've been welcomed with open arms and have such a great community up in Santa Barbara." The couple moved to Montecito, California, following their decision to step down as senior royals in 2020, saying they wanted a new life of personal and financial freedom