Anger against the Chancellor grew as the war moved to a full-scale escalation of Russian forces in Eastern Ukraine. With nearly 5 million Ukrainians having now fled the country, Ukraine is demanding more weapons from the West in order to defend itself. The Chancellor was "jointly responsible for Ukraine's defencelessness", according to the CDU/CSU political alliance.  The alliance has stated that it is willing to introduce a motion for the delivery of heavy weapons if necessary. Vice-Chairman of the group, Johann Wadephul said: “We want to support the federal government in this crisis.” Mr Wadephul has suggested Mr Scholz has one week to act prior to the group seeking a motion within the German parliament. Speaking in an interview with German media, Mr Wadephul accused the German government of deceiving the public by promising further financial military aid. He said: “Ukraine has not lacked money - also not due to the EU funds.“The increase in funding is therefore just a nasty diversionary tactic.”  Questioning whether Germany would allow the export of heavy weaponry to Ukraine, the chairman of the group added: “Olaf Scholz must now show his colours and literally ‘deliver’.” Union politicians, along with coalition representatives from the Greens and the FDP, have repeatedly accused Mr Scholz of dithering on the delivery of heavy weapons to Ukraine. General-designate Bijan Djir-Sarai is calling for a speedy decision on the delivery of heavy weapons. “Time is pressing,” Mr Djir-Sarai told ‘Deutschlandfunk’ radio on Tuesday.  READ MORE:Andrew Neil brands German coalition split over Ukraine weapons strange He assumes the war will become even more violent in the coming days. He stated: “Accordingly, Ukraine needs not only our full support and solidarity, but also concrete help, and from my point of view, arms deliveries, or rather heavy weapons, are a necessary path here.” “I also assume this decision will be made in the next few days.” CDU foreign affairs politician Roderich Kiesewetter said on the ZDF "Morgenmagazin" he thought very highly of the German government supporting Ukraine with money. He stated: “But you mustn’t buy your way out. “It is really a matter of supplying armoured personnel carriers, artillery systems.” There were several possibilities here, he said.  DON'T MISS:Charlotte steals the show on Easter Sunday arrival [REVEAL]Nicola Sturgeon suffers humiliating child poverty blow [INSIGHT]'Diane Abbott Park' Labour MP could replace former Tory PM [REPORT] Germany has so far supplied, among other things, anti-tank missiles, anti-aircraft missiles and machine guns, as well as vehicles, night-vision equipment and protective gear. However, Ukraine is also demanding heavy weapons such as battle tanks, artillery pieces and combat helicopters. The United States last week promised an extra $800m worth of weapons to Ukraine, including helicopters and Howitzer cannons. Pressure is mounting on EU nations to provide more to Ukraine, in particular as Kyiv has submitted final questionnaires over joining the bloc.  However, with Germany still failing to assure Ukraine of heavy weapons, and France embroiled in an internal election, focus appeared to have shifted away from Ukraine. President Emmanuel Macron, once the favoured broker-diplomat between Moscow and the West has stated talks broke down over the discovery of war crimes in the town of Bucha, committed by Russian soldiers. Germany for its part is hesitant to upset the Kremlin over energy supply links. With the whole of Europe currently undergoing surging prices amongst an energy crisis, the bloc can ill afford to disrupt gas and oil supplies from Russia. So far, economic sanctions have had a varied impact on Russia. European nations have called for more sanctions, yet, France for example, unlike the US, has stopped short of accusing Vladimir Putin of war crimes. With the attack now focusing on Eastern Ukraine, further calls to supply Ukraine with weapons have continued as Russian forces augment their attack. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg 