Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Meghan Markle entered the royal scene at different times, and both have adopted their own unique style whilst under the royal spotlight. Kate has opted for a more traditional approach to royal dressing which incorporates both high-end designers and high street brands, while Meghan has often showcased a contemporary and fashionable wardrobe both as a royal and previously as a US actress. Meghan's modern approach to fashion was exemplified during her recent visit to The Hague for the Invictus Games. For her first day at the event, Meghan dressed from top to toe in a white Valentino suit, which was followed by assorted pieces from Celine, Cartier and Manolo Blahnik over the next few days. As well as highlighting her love of fashion, the Duchess of Sussex also uses her wardrobe to highlight causes that are important to her. Daena Borrowman, Marketing Manager at jewellerybox, told Express.co.uk: “With no palace dress code to hold her back, the Duchess has been able to really re-embrace her spectacular sense of style. READ MORE: 'Can see it all blow up in their face again' Harry and Meghan warned  "She has a long history of backing feminist and female-led causes, long before her royal initiation, however, since becoming royal, she has been using her clothes and jewellery to make strong statements of support to smaller designers from around the world. "She loves to wear ethical fashion made out of recycled materials, like the pointed Rothy’s ballerinas she wore on her trip to Australia which were made of plastic bottles. "Whilst making public appearances, Meghan tends to stick to tailored, elegant and minimalist outfits, with sleek heels and dainty jewellery." As a senior royal, Meghan's wardrobe was arguably quite formal, but she has since turned back to the fashionable wardrobe she was famed for as a Hollywood celebrity.  Ms Borrowman added: "Not much has changed about Meghan between her pre and post royal days. Before she became a Duchess, Meghan’s outfits had bold prints, more colour and more daring necklines, but there wasn’t a fascinator in sight. "However, photographs dating back to 2006 prove that she has always been confident in high heels and always fancied a well-cut dress in a strong silhouette." Meghan's style is often compared to another famous fashion icon, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. But according to Ms Borrowman, both women are style icons in their own right that would likely win the approval of their late fashionista mother-in-law, Princess Diana.  DON'T MISS:William must 'temper' meeting with Sussexes after 'intentional damage' [INSIGHT]Harry's 'ill concealed barb' reveals 'unfinished business' for Prince [ANALYSIS]'Vile!' Eamonn Holmes slammed by Harry and Meghan's pal over jibe [VIDEO] After marrying Prince Charles in 1981, Diana grew into her royal fashion sense over her lifetime, and in her final years she wore some truly show-stopping dresses and jewellery. Ms Borroman added: "Though the internet has often compared Meghan’s looks to the Duchess of Cambridge's looks, both Duchesses have proved that the formula to a sensational workday outfit is centred around a strong coat combined with unpretentious wardrobe staples. "The Duchesses of Cambridge and Sussex are two very different women, both of whom can hold their own in the public spotlight. "While Duchess Kate has had to be trained on her public image since stepping into the Royal Family, Duchess Meghan’s former career in show business and lifelong exposure to the media has, in a way, equipped her for royal life from the get-go.  "Both Duchesses can switch from the glitziest gowns to smart business looks with the same poise and both Duchesses wield the power to cause the items of clothing that they are wearing to sell out worldwide in minutes. Princess Diana would surely be proud.” As modern royals, Kate and Meghan make sure to pay tribute to Diana with their outfit choices regularly, with Kate rarely pictured without Diana's iconic sapphire engagement ring. Kate has also been spotted wearing the Collingwood pearl earrings from Diana's collection, in addition to her three-strand pearl bracelet. And Meghan wore Diana's aquamarine ring for her wedding day in 2018 and has since been pictured wearing Diana's butterfly earrings and a diamond tennis bracelet. 