Arsenal target Marco Asensio would prefer to join AC Milan over any other club in the upcoming summer transfer window, according to reports. Asensio has been heavily linked with a move away from Real Madrid ahead of next season after failing to shake his bit-part role under Carlo Ancelotti's management at the Bernabeu. Arsenal are said to be one of several clubs with an interest in landing Asensio, who has scored 10 goals in all competitions for Real Madrid this season. However, it seems as though the Gunners could be set to lose out to AC Milan in the race to secure the 26-year-old's signature in the summer months.Asensio is 'fascinated' by the idea of joining the Italian giants, who are said to be keeping a close eye on his situation in the Spanish capital, according to Calciomercato. It is said that Milan have identified Asensio as the 'ideal reinforcement' to boost their midfield ranks in advance of a renewed Serie A title challenge next season.However, they could still face stiff competition from the likes of Arsenal when the bidding opens at the end of the current campaign. The Gunners are said to be leading a number of other Premier League clubs in the battle to sign Asensio but it remains to be seen whether his interest in joining Milan will ultimately dash their hopes of bringing him to the Emirates Stadium. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has another Romero in sights Milan are believed to have already made contact with Asensio's camp for a positive round of initial discussions over the possibility of a move to the San Siro. It is said that his wage demands were initially higher than expected but it seems as though he could be willing to accept a lower salary in order to join Milan over Arsenal this summer.Meanwhile, it appears as though Asensio could yet decide to extend his stay at Real Madrid by signing a new and improved contract over the coming months. Ancelotti revealed earlier this week that Asensio has opened talks with the club's hierarchy but refused to confirm whether or not he will be playing his football at the Bernabeu at the start of next season. "He's a footballer with extraordinary quality," Ancelotti told Rai Radio 1. "He suffered a major knee injury that forced him to be out for a long time with a very slow recovery."He's an important player who has helped us a lot. I don't know what's going on with his future. I think he's talking to the club to renew his contract, but I can only speak about him from a technical perspective." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here