As the cost of living continues to rise, UK families are finding ways to decrease their household bills. One way of doing this is to do some household tasks yourself, such as unblocking a toilet when it gets clogged. Property renovation experts Evolving Home have shared ways families can unblock their toilet using cheaper and easier alternatives to hiring a plumber. The first thing you should do if your toilet is blocked, according to Evolving Home, is to use a flange plunger. These have a smaller cup at the end, designed to fit inside a typical toilet drain. Use rubber gloves to place the plunger directly into the toilet bowl so that it covers the drain and seals to create a vacuum. Next, push down slowly on the plunger and then pull it all the way out. Do this two or three times to help dislodge the clog, before flushing the toilet. If you don’t have a flange plunger, a wire coat hanger is a good alternative, said Evolving Home. Simply take a spare wire coat hanger and unwind it so that it is straight. Then, wrap one end of the wire in an old washcloth and secure this on with duct tape. Lower the fabric end of the wire into the toilet bowl and push this into the drain, while twisting it slowly, until there is resistance. Evolving Home recommended pushing until the resistance gives way and the water in the toilet bowl begins to slowly drain away, before then flushing the toilet. DON'T MISS: Mum shows how she creates shine on her chrome fridge [HOW TO]Laundry: How to dry clothes faster and reduce energy bill costs [INSIGHT]Laundry: How to properly remove ‘yellow’ stains from pillows [EXPERT] Natural products usually found in household cupboards can work wonders on a clogged toilet, and they are also cheaper and more environmentally friendly than chemical solutions. Chemical solutions can even cause damage to one’s toilet, according to Evolving Home. The experts advised using vinegar and baking soda as a toilet unblocker. All homeowners need to do is mix one cup of baking soda with two cups of water in a container, before pouring this directly into the toilet. This allows the baking soda to disperse within the toilet pipes more evenly. Next, pour two cups of vinegar into the toilet and allow between 20 minutes to half an hour for the mixture to get to work on the clog, before flushing the toilet. An alternative to baking soda and vinegar is soap and boiling water. Pour half a cup of dish soap into the toilet bowl followed by very hot – but not boiling – water, and allow 10 minutes for this mixture to work through the pipes. Then, attempt to flush the toilet to see if this has dislodged the clog. It is important not to use boiling water when using this method as higher temperatures can cause a toilet bowl to crack. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The last resort to unblocking a toilet is to carry out a slightly more expensive alternative, said Evolving Home. This method works for extremely stubborn blockages and involves using a wet and dry vacuum. These are designed to work with water and other liquids, as your regular vacuum cleaner will not be up to this job. Start by placing the nozzle of the wet vacuum into the toilet bowl and turn it on to remove the standing water from the toilet. Next, wrap the outside of the vacuum nozzle with an old washcloth to avoid scratching the toilet. Place the vacuum against the toilet drain so that it forms a seal similar to a plunger and turn it on – this should finally pull the blockage out of the pipe and allow your toilet to flush smoothly again.