Weather predictions for Friday appear brighter than the weather warnings faced earlier in the week, as miserable rain is set to break into a dry spell to start the weekend. Meteorologist Matt Taylor for BBC Breakfast explained the conditions for Friday are “thankfully not as windy” as the past few days. Mr Taylor said the UK can expect “a lot more sunshine” to match the relief of “less windy conditions”. The Met Office had issued storm warnings for the UK, but changes in weather conditions show the end of the week is likely to be milder than previously expected. Mr Taylor announced the “strong wind” that had been blowing across the UK “has eased,” relieving the sharp breeze that dropped temperatures earlier in the week. Despite the previous UK storm warnings, Taylor indicated the UK will be experiencing “fewer showers,” than initially expected as the weather begins to brighten. Taylor warned some early-risers to expect “a pretty wet start” heading into Friday, as showers spread throughout coastal areas, particularly the Channel Islands. Unfortunately, some areas are still predicted to experience a far colder morning. Ice risks remain in place for Scotland and most of Northern Ireland as the areas battle “wintry showers” to start the day. Elsewhere, in the UK, Mr Taylor outlined a “chilly start” to the morning but a “bright and sunny one,” as the harsh winds pass. The “sunny spells” are set to continue through the morning for most of the UK, offering a break in the ominous grey cloud that has covered most of the country. As the sun shines, Taylor explained the UK can also expect to see a slight rise in temperature as the day moves into the afternoon. Southern areas of England speak at around 12°C, while Scotland remains colder with a predicted high of 10°C in the capital of Edinburgh. Read more: Met Office issues weather warnings for 55mph winds  Throughout the day, a chilly breeze persists, coming in from the North West of England. Northern areas of Scotland are expected to only reach a maximum of a biting 7°C. As the day leads into the evening rush hour, conditions are expected to decline slightly as “blustery winds” continue to push down from Scotland. Taylor warned storms in Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland could become “heavy and thundery” as the winds threaten to create a mix of “hail, sleet, and snow”. Don't miss:Commuters urged to be ‘cautious’ as ‘surface water’ to lead to delays [INSIGHT]Should Boris increase cold weather payments? [POLL]Heating: Cheapest ways to keep your house warm in winter and spring [REVEAL] Additionally, the afternoon is set to bring showers to the South of England, particularly inland areas. Taylor continued to predict Southern areas could still expect a “brighter afternoon” than recent weather has permitted. As the rain continues to fade throughout Friday evening and night, Taylor explained the UK can look forward to a largely dry weekend with some sunny spells continuing. Taylor announced the weather across the country is “turning milder” as the harsh winds ease and rainy conditions begin to dry out.   