Last month, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge embarked on an 8-day royal tour of the Caribbean, which was their first overseas trip since the pandemic began. The couple undertook a tour of three Commonwealth realms - Belize, Jamaica, and the Bahamas but their trip was met with protests, demanding an apology and reparations for Britain’s slaving past. Since returning to the UK on March 26, Kate and Prince William are reported to be feeling "overwhelmed with remorse" after the "eye-opening" royal tour. Speaking on an episode of US Weekly at the end of the tour, correspondent Christina Garibaldi discusses the couple's "remorse" post-trip feelings. Ms Garibaldi said: "Prince Wiliam and Kate's first tour since the start of the pandemic was met with political friction and left the couple feeling remorse. "The couple were looking forward to travelling to Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas but it was certainly more challenging than expected given the protests." "They [William and Kate] obviously knew the history but being there during the protest was a real eye-opener". She added: "The couple were met by protests and an open letter in Jamaica which called for the Royal Family and the British government to apologise and pay reparations for subjecting the island to colonial rule and slavery" READ MORE: Prince Harry favourability PLUMMETS as royal fans turn on Duke of Sussex A source told US Weekly: "The Cambridges are overwhelmed with remorse, they can't change what has happened in the past so they are focusing on the future by working closely with former colonies and members of the Commonwealth to strengthen their relationship that will go further than the tour. "Obviously, William and Kate want the former colonies to remain part of the Commonwealth but will support whatever decision they make, including becoming independent. "Regardless of the outcome, we'll be seeing William and Kate take on additional overseas humanitarian work including the Caribbean Islands." Ms Garibaldi added that there, however, some "bright spots" on the tour. READ MORE: Queen Letizia turns heads in 'bold' burgundy in Durham with Prince Charles - 'pure class!' She said: "With a source telling us that the diving trip and being on the boat was one of their favourite experiences during their downtime. "Of course, meeting new and interesting people was a highlight, they love dancing and getting to know the locals in Belize". When the couple arrived in Jamaica, they were met by widespread protests from locals. Many protesters demanded that the British monarchy atones for their acts of slavery in the island nation with reparations. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] During the trip, The Duke acknowledged the issue during a dinner hosted by the country's Governor-General, but he did, however, stop short of apologising for the Royal Family's role in the crimes. His words echoed those said by his father, Prince of Wales, during a trip to Barbados last year. Prince Charles described the slave trade as an “appalling atrocity”. In the tour speech last month, Prince William pledged to "respect the decisions" of countries that have chosen to cut ties with the monarchy. He added: “We respect the decision of countries like the Bahamas, Jamaica, and Belize when it comes to their future.” Following the speech, Jamaica's republican government is said to be “incredibly disappointed” that Prince William failed to offer an apology for Britain's historic role in the slave trade.