Jacqueline, from Sheffield, who is a recovering breast cancer patient living with her diabetic husband, was left close to tears trying to work out how to afford the energy bill increase. She said she does not know where she is “supposed to find the money” to afford her heating, accusing the Government of trying “to freeze us all to death”. Speaking to James O’Brien on LBC, she said: “It’s not just the fact that your body is cold, you’re breathing in this air. “And they’ve cut the pension rise because they’ve altered the gate post where we got the pension rise from. Instead of a two per cent rise, we should have had an eight per cent. “The first thing [the Government] did when they got into power was cut the heating grant and I can assure you, when you’re on a fixed income, where are you supposed to find this money. It’s just ridiculous. “Do I cut down on food? It’s just frightening. I think they’re trying to freeze us all to death.” Presenter James O’Brien was left speechless talking to the woman, who appeared hopeless as to how she was going to survive without heating. She described later how when it was sunny, they resorted to turning the heating off altogether because they had no other option. Jacqueline is one of millions facing the “terrifying” prospect of the coming winter at the end of the year, with the energy price cap set to rise again beforehand. She told O’Brien how the couple’s bills had risen by over £700 pounds a year and without the original pension rise of eight percent, there was little she could do to overcome it. READ MORE: Fears man dead in blast may have bought appliance to 'deal with cold' [REPORT] The number of people cast into the cold more than doubled overnight as the steepest energy bill rise in living memory came into force on April 1. The cost of annual electricity and gas prices increased by 54 percent, with Ofgem pledging to support anyone left vulnerable by the change. It follows a 12 percent rise on August 6, 2021, that saw increased costs of £139 per year. The cost of living crisis has reached devasting levels as millions of people scramble to deal with a host of unprecedent cost rises. DON'T MISS: Energy warning: Bills set to increase by 'another £800', ex-CEO warns [REVEAL] POLL: Should UK subsidise energy bills of low income families? [POLL] Tory minister on £115k says energy bills 'tricky' for his family [INSIGHT] Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak announced an array of measures to help alleviate the difficulties Britons now face but the announcements have been criticised for not being enough. Sunak announced that £150 council tax rebates would be afforded to homes within the first four bands (A to D), which covers all homes the price of which would be less than £88,000 on the open market on 1 April 1991. He also announced plans to offer a £200 discount on bills, but energy providers said the scheme would only cover around a third of the expected jump in costs. Dale Vince, the boss of Ecotricity, has already called the measures “far too little, far too late”.