Princess Anne, 71, began her royal tour of Papua New Guinea this week to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The Princess Royal and her husband Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence had a warm reception in the capital, Port Moresby. During their two-day tour, the couple is due to visit schools, cemeteries, museums and galleries, culminating in dinner with Prime Minister James Marape and charity representatives. The tour is one of four being undertaken by senior royals to mark the monarch’s 70 years on the throne. Papua New Guinea is a Commonwealth Realm, meaning the Queen is head of state of the Pacific island. Anne has been praised for her work ethic, carrying out the most royal duties in 2021 with 387 official engagements. The title of hardest working royal has been one she has held for many years. Despite now being 17th-in-line to the throne, she remains a committed royal, representing more than 300 charities and military organisations. In an interview with Vanity Fair in April 2020, Anne described herself as “the boring old fuddy-duddy at the back saying ‘don’t forget the basics.’” She said: “I don’t think this younger generation probably understands what I was doing in the past and it’s often true, isn’t it? “You don’t necessarily look at the previous generation and say, ‘oh, you did that?’ or, ‘you went there?’ “Nowadays they’re much more looking for ‘oh, let’s do it a new way’. “And I’m already at the stage [of] ‘please do not reinvent that particular wheel’. “‘We’ve been there, done that. Some of these things don’t work. You may need to go back to basics’.” She appears to direct this towards her nephews Prince William and Prince Harry as well their wives Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex. Her comments were made following the Duke and Duchess Sussex’s plans to carve out “progressive new roles” within the Royal Family. Harry and Meghan announced in January 2020 that they were stepping back from royal duties to work toward financial self-sufficiency. They issued a statement saying: “After many months of reflection and internal discussions, we have chosen to make a transition this year in starting to carve out a progressive new role within this institution.” DON'T MISS:POLL: Is it time for Meghan Markle to have her royal title removed? [VOTE]'Emotionally needy' Harry 'utterly taken over by Meghan' as 'whole personality changed' [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Coincidence! Meghan and Harry mocked over Netflix crew on Europe return [LIVE BLOG] While speaking to interviewer Katie Nicholl, Vanity Fair’s royal correspondent, Anne said she had no plans to retire. This is just as well as, in addition to Harry and Meghan’s departure, Anne’s younger brother Prince Andrew is also no longer carrying out royal duties. The Duke of York stepped back from his role in November 2019 after his car-crash interview with BBC Newsnight about his affiliating with the late sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. Despite remaining a working royal, at 95-years-old the Queen is having to take a step back from some engagements due to her health and mobility issues – Anne is one of several senior royals stepping up. Anne said: “I don’t think retirement is quite the same [for me]. “Most people would say we’re very lucky not to be in that situation because you wouldn’t want to just stop.” Anne cited both her parents, the Queen and the late Prince Philip as role models for their services. The Duke of Edinburgh continued his loyal royal service until the great age of 96, when he officially retired and moved to Wood Farm on the Sandringham Estate for a quiet life. As part of Prince Charles’s plans to modernise the institution when he becomes King, he plans to slim down the Royal Family. However, royal commentator Ian Lloyd said earlier this year that Anne will become an “essential part”. He said: “She has a good relationship with Charles. “The Prince of Wales is close with Anne. In the next reign, I think, she will be an essential part of the Royal Family."