Dolly Parton, 76, is known for her hourglass figure and soulful voice, but the star says her long-term success as an artist is down to an unexpected secret. The musician and businesswoman revealed that her workday starts at 3am and insisted that's when she does some of her best work. Dolly shared: “I don't need a whole lot of sleep. I go to bed pretty early, but even if I've been up late — it's just kind of like a little clock inside of me that says, ‘It's 3 o'clock!’." “I do some of my best work there, but I get enough sleep. “I don't require as much sleep as a lot of other people do, that's kind of a Parton family trait,” she added. The country music legend explained that waking up early is a trait passed down from her father, Robert Lee Parton. READ MORE:GMB’s Alex Beresford announces engagement after romantic proposal “I’m like my daddy. He was always up early, even if he had to go to bed late," she clarified. The singer went on to share how she maintains her youthful appearance and added she doesn't have any particular skincare tips or tricks. Dolly said: "I don't do any big rituals with my skin or anything, and I don't think you have to pay a ton of money to have good products. "Most of the products that cost less are just as good, and sometimes better than the ones that cost a fortune," she continued.  The songstress did admit that perhaps one of her secrets to her luminous skin is due to the fact that she never went sunbathing when she was younger. "I never got out in the sun. I don't have a lot of the same problems that women my age do 'cause I never baked myself in the sun," she said. "I would've if I'd been able to tan but I couldn't, so now I'm glad," she added while promoting her new line of Southern deserts with Duncan Hines in a new interview with Insider. Dolly grew up as one of 12 children and in her book Songteller, she discussed her life and career. DONT MISS:Ricky Gervais accused of 'lying' about After Life dog's death (PHOTOS)Chris Rock refuses to comment again on Oscars 2022 slap (NEWS)Brenda Blethyn on why she married her husband after 30 years (LATEST) The singer admitted when she was a child, the one way she was able to get attention was to write songs. The star loved how people paid attention to her when she came up with a new song. Dolly revealed her mother would beam with pride whenever she presented a new tune. During an interview with CBS Sunday Morning, Dolly said she relished the attention her mother gave her.   The country singer gathered people around and told them to listen to her daughter sing. “I think that kind of encouraged [my interest in music], but also, I loved the sound of that music,” said Dolly. “I loved the sound of the instruments. I loved being able to create something.” Dolly was asked about her songwriting process during an interview with TED speaker Adam Grant on Clubhouse. She says she feels compelled to write and loves songwriting so much that it has become part of who she is. “I just love to write; I don’t have to write,” she told Grant. 