Lewis Hamilton’s comments on Mercedes' strategy were a “little risky”, according to former world champion Damon Hill. Hamilton appeared to take a swipe at the Silver Arrows on team radio during the latter stages of the race. Speaking to race engineer Peter Bonnington, he said the team had “put me in a really difficult position”. It was initially believed Hamilton was referring to losing track position to team-mate George Russell during a safety car period. But, Hamilton later clarified this was because of engine overheating. Yesterday, the Briton attacked his Mercedes car, warning he was not enjoying driving it. However, Damon Hill warned taking a hit at Mercedes was not a good idea. He said: “Lewis expressing displeasure with his team's performance is perhaps a little risky. They will be delighted with George's podium. Just sayin.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton clarifies angry radio message to Mercedes Mercedes improved over the course of the weekend with both drivers struggling to get inside the top 10 on Friday. But the team has benefited from a range of retirements and accidents afflicting other teams all weekend. Fernando Alonso crashed in qualifying yesterday when he looked on course to set a time good enough for the top three. Max Verstappen retired from today’s race with mechanical failures while Carlos Sainz’s resurgence from ninth was stopped after a crash on lap two. After the race, Hamilton appeared slightly happier with the team’s performance but warned more work needed to be done. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton moans on team radio at Mercedes strategy in Australia [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton 'defies order' from FIA at Australia GP [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton 'uncomfortable' at FIA and fellow drivers' decisions [COMMENT] He said: “I couldn't fight for third because the engine was overheating so I had to back off. I just had to sit behind but as I said we bagged as many points as we could as a team and that’s great. "To get ourselves fifth and sixth in qualifying, to have progressed like we have and to have reliability, we definitely didn't expect to have a third and fourth. George did a great job today. I got to see some of the battle with him racing Perez and I wish I could have been in it. “But nonetheless we will take these points and keep pushing.”