Rose Ayling-Ellis, 27, has been tipped to receive an MBE for services she has done raising awareness for the deaf community. The Strictly Come Dancing star competed on last year's show and won the coveted Glitterball trophy with her dance partner, Giovanni Pernice.  The actress has played Frankie Lewis on EastEnders since 2020.  Last year, Rose appeared as the first ever deaf contestant on the popular BBC dance show.  The actress won the glitter ball trophy alongside Italian native Giovanni, beating John Whaite and his dance partner Johannes Radebe in the final.  Her appearance on the programme has urged fans to learn sign language. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show Rose is now expected to be named as a recipient of a Member of the Order of the British Empire in HM The Queen’s birthday honours list. A report published yesterday claims that thanks to her ballroom “triumph” on Strictly, she is being considered for a Royal award. The report read: “She is now in the frame for a gong for services to the deaf community, thanks to her ballroom triumph on the BBC’s Strictly. “Her performances – including one with a silent section – sent enrolments for sign-language courses soaring.” The source also told The Sun on Sunday how much she has done for the deaf community. They said: “Her success on Strictly shone a light on the deaf community in a way that surpassed everyone’s expectations. “Not only did she raise awareness about the challenges deaf people face, she was a true inspiration for them – particularly young people. “She really did break down boundaries," they added. Express.co.uk has contacted Rose's representatives for comment. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] It was revealed at the end of last week that The Queen is a fan of Strictly. It comes after Camilla and Prince Charles paid a visit to the EastEnders set and met many of the cast on Friday. Camilla told Rose on Friday how much she enjoyed watching her on last year’s show. The Duchess of Cornwall said: “Rose, the Strictly star. “I said we were all voting for Rose, I don't know how you did all those dances.” Rose then followed up, by asking the Duchess: “Can I ask you, does the Queen watch Strictly Come Dancing?” Camilla replied saying she believes so, and that the Queen “probably” watched her. In view of her 103,600 followers of Twitter, Rose also wrote, in regards to a video clip of the event: “Haha see me jumping, it was because it snowed 10min before they arrived and it was cold. “So cool to have met the couple.”