Andrea McLean quit Loose Women in December 2020 after 13 years on the popular daytime show. The ITV star has since shared her former co-star and pal, Denise Welch, 63, put her name forward for a new opportunity. The mum-of-two had recently teamed up with UNICEF to support the refugee crisis which has plagued Ukraine. The former Loose Women host explained that it was through Denise she was able to secure a hosting role at an event that was aimed to raise funds for those affected by the war in Ukraine. Speaking about the event, Andrea said: "To be honest, it came about because of my lovely friend Denise [Welch]. "She obviously has a lot of contacts in the theatre world and the acting world." READ MORE: Mark Labbett announces new show after he's axed from The Chase Andrea went on: "She was speaking to a producer friend of hers about it and she couldn't host [the show] because she was speaking to them from LA. So she said, 'I can't do this but I know someone who can.' And passed on my details. That was the first I had heard of it. "I spoke to the producer and said, 'Yes what do you want me to do?'" Denise and Andrea have worked alongside each other on the ITV panel show for a number of years and are also friends outside of the programme.  Andrea recently returned to the show, one year after she quit Loose Women to share what she's been up to in recent months. The former Loose Women host has also teamed up with UNICEF to host a star-studded fundraising concert for Ukraine. The TV star joined Olympic gold medallist Robin Cousins, X Factor winner Dalton Harris and West End stars to raise money for the UNICEF emergency fund that will go to their ground operations in Ukraine. Other famous faces at the event included professional dancers AJ and Curtis Pritchard, The Greatest Dancer winner Ellie Fergusson, West End star Kelly Price and many more, who entertained viewers at the Royal Hippodrome Theatre in Eastbourne on Monday, with fundraising also available to stream online. DON'T MISS... Michael Caine clutches onto bodyguard and walking stick for support[LATEST]Fern Britton waiting for a surgeon as she’s ‘in pain most of the time’[HEALTH]Harry and Meghan's royal tour would be a success, claims Jane Moore[ROYALS] As the conflict in Ukraine continues to escalate, millions of children and their families have been forced to flee their homes and seek refuge in neighbouring European countries. UNICEF is calling for an immediate ceasefire and aims to support the most vulnerable children and families. Some of their work includes providing families with access to clean water, healthy food, delivering life-saving supplies, safe spaces for mothers and children, and providing protection for unaccompanied children or those separated from their family members. Speaking about the event, Andrea said: "What's great news is that it's sold out. And it's sold out in Eastbourne. "You can take part in as much that you can watch from home. You can still donate and so that's awesome." In addition, Andrea has been busy working on her motivational business This Girl Is On Fire. The Concert for Ukraine was held on March 28. If you wish to donate to the UNICEF appeal please visit https://www.unicef.org.uk/unicef/ukraine