The Wanted singer Max George has taken to Instagram to pen a heartbreaking tribute to Tom Parker following his death earlier in the week. The former Strictly Come Dancing star, 33, told how he is "heartbroken beyond words" after his bandmate's death on Thursday aged 33, nearly two years after he was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour. In view of his 298,000 followers, Max paid tribute to his "brother", while sharing a series of snaps of himself and Tom together. He wrote: "Tom, my brother, my boy, my band mate, my best bud.. You lit up so many lives all over the world but I can only speak on behalf of mine. "From the minute I met you, I knew this was gonna be a special chapter in my life. I was right. "We did everything together, some amazing things, some outrageous things," he added. READ MORE: Richard Williams ‘doesn’t condone’ Will Smith Oscars slap Max went on: "I'm so proud of what we achieved as band mates and as brothers. "I’m also proud that I was there the night you met Kels. "I remember saying to you, ‘you like her don’t you?’.. to which you replied, ‘bro, like you wouldn’t believe’. "You two really are like peas and carrots," he penned. Max continued, adding that it was an "honour" to be so close to his bandmate before praising him for his strength amid his cancer battle. He wrote: "Thank you for choosing me as your friend. It was an honour from day one. "I’m so grateful I was with you until the very end. "The courage and dignity I have witnessed over the last few months surpassed the lion I already knew you were." DON'T MISS...Monty Don divides fans by unveiling big team behind his famous garden [INSIGHT]Countdown's Nick Hewer feared dead by co-stars while filming new show [ANALYSIS]Idris Elba says Meghan Markle requested Dr Dre at royal wedding [UPDATE] The singer told how Tom's death has left a "huge hole" in his life, but added that he will live on through his legacy in his music and family. Max added: "The huge hole now left in my life will forever be there, but I know your spirit will live on through your two beautiful babies, your wonderful wife, our music, your fans and in my heart. "I’m heartbroken beyond words right now and I cannot even begin to imagine what the future holds without you, but whatever I do going forward, even on my darkest days, I can always smile and say, ‘I shared the stage with Tom Parker’. "I am going to miss you so much. I love you mate. Always. George," he ended his post. Max's post comes two days after Tom's wife Kelsey Hardwick confirmed the devastating news that her husband had died in an emotional tribute on Instagram. Following Max's post, the star was soon inundated with messages of support from his celebrity friends. His bandmate Siva Kaneswaran commented: "He would love this message. But I know he already felt it. Beautiful Max," alongside a heart emoji. Max's former Strictly co-stars commented on the post leaving red hearts, including Nancy Xu, Kai Widdrington, Giovanni Pernice and Rose Ayling-Ellis.