As he announced a new system that will see migrants who cross the Channel to the UK be sent with a "one-way ticket" to Rwanda — a country described by No10 as having "one of the strongest records for refugee resettlement" — Mr Johnson acknowledged the £120m scheme may face a court battle. In a speech in Kent, Mr Johnson claimed the Government's "innovative approach" was needed to stop "vile people smugglers" turning the ocean into a "watery graveyard". Precise details are yet to be confirmed, including whether it will be focused on single men, as previously reported, or on men, women and children. Yet, the Prime Minister noted the deal London-Kigali deal was "uncapped" and could potentially see Rwanda "resettle tens of thousands of people in the years ahead". Calling the UK's plan "humane and compassionate", he vowed it would break the business model of those taking advantage of migrants' desire to start a new life in Britain. READ MORE: Priti Patel insists Rwanda scheme not 'one-sided' as refugees face one-way flights Setting out the details of the system, he said: "We are confident that our new migration partnership is fully compliant with our international legal obligations, but nevertheless we expect this will be challenged in the courts. "And if this country is seen as a soft touch for illegal migration by some of our partners, it is precisely because we have such a formidable army of politically motivated lawyers who for years have made it their business to thwart removals and frustrate the Government. "So I know that this system will not take effect overnight." His remarks echo those of Home Secretary Priti Patel who, speaking at a press conference in the Rwandan capital Kigali, said: "This agreement fully complies with all international and national law." She then went on to describe it as a "groundbreaking agreement", "a major blow to the evil people smugglers" and, ultimately, a way for migrants to "thrive". Recent research by Ipsos Mori suggested 60 percent of the public were dissatisfied with the Government's migration policy – more than half of whom cited Channel crossings. Ms Patel said: "People are dying and the global migration crisis requires new ways, to find new partnerships and to find new solutions. "We know that this will not be easy; we know that we will face challenges along the way. "But together with the Nationality and Borders bill and the new plan for immigration, the UK will support those fleeing persecution and tyranny to safe and legal routes while controlling our borders and deterring illegal entry." DON'T MISSBoris vows to crack down on 'vile people smugglers' [FURTHER ANALYSIS]The 8 steps Ukrainians must take to secure a UK visa [INSIGHT]'Cruel Rwanda plan is treating refugees like human cargo' [EXPERT COMMENT] Last year, 28,526 people are known to have crossed the Channel in small boats – up from 8,404 in 2020. Around 600 people made the crossing on Wednesday - and Mr Johnson said the figure could reach 1,000 a day within weeks. According to Ms Patel, those who embark on this "perilous" journey do so "with fictitious and false promises that they can settle in the UK if they make it". This will most certainly not be the case anymore, as anyone entering the country by illegal means — as well as those who have arrived illegally since the start of the year — could now be relocated to the East African country for their asylum claims to be processed there. In yet another indication of the Conservatives' stance, Mr Johnson on Thursday also said the Navy would take over from Border Force in policing the Channel to curb the flow of arrivals. The Home Secretary, meanwhile, hinted at her dissatisfaction over the international approach to an issue that has seriously strained relations. She said: "Global systems and conventions have failed to address this global crisis, and the world has changed, and global leadership is required to find innovative solutions to this grown problem." As per the Prime Minister, the scheme is the result of a "humanitarian impulse" shared by the UK and Rwanda – and "made possible by Brexit freedoms". But outraged critics of the plan view it as all but humanitarian. The chief executive of the Refugee Council, Enver Solomon, dubbed it "dangerous, cruel and inhumane" while Steve Valdez-Symonds, refugee director at Amnesty International UK, said No10's "shockingly ill-conceived idea will go far further in inflicting suffering while wasting huge amounts of public money". Previous policies of sending refugee applicants abroad proved contentious. In 2013, Australia began sending asylum seekers attempting to reach the country by boat to Papua New Guinea and the tiny atoll of Nauru, pledging that none would be allowed to settle in the Oceanic nation. The policy did end the people-smuggling route from Southeast Asia. However, it was widely condemned as a cruel abrogation of Australia's international obligations. Israel sent several thousands of people to Rwanda and Uganda under a scheme that ran from 2014 to 2017. Few are believed to have remained in the African destination, with many trying to reach Europe. Mr Johnson, when questioned over Rwanda's human rights record, said it is one of the safest countries in the world. He argued: "I just want to say something about Rwanda because I think there's a risk of stereotyping here. "Rwanda has totally transformed over the last few decades - it's a very, very different country from what it was. "This is not something that we've put together overnight, this has been nine months in preparation. So I would urge people not to think in a blinkered way about Rwanda."