Tottenham manager Antonio Conte has reportedly given his strong approval for the Lilywhites to swoop for Inter Milan centre-back Alessandro Bastoni. The Spurs boss is seemingly scouring the market for defensive options ahead of the summer transfer window, with a back-line built around star centre-back Cristian Romero the most likely outcome. After an up-and-down start, Conte seems to have found a winning recipe in north London despite working with a makeshift defence. Ben Davies, a full-back by trade, has become a regular at left centre-back while the Italian is yet to be given the funds to chase his preferred options at wing back. Romero remains the shining light in Spurs' defence and, at 23-years-old, he has plenty of time to become even more impressive. The former Juventus and Atalanta centre-back was named the Serie A's Best Defender last season before heading to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in a £43million deal. With the Argentine already performing out of his skin on the right side of a back-three, Calciomercato claim that Conte and sporting director Fabio Paratici are eyeing up options to replace Davies on the left. Bastoni is believed to be one possibility, and the Italian duo have already given their 'strong approval' for the player. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Tuchel 'would be looking over his shoulder' if Abramovich sanctions ease Bastoni is under contract at the San Siro until 2024 and Inter are reportedly trying to tie him down to improved terms. The 22-year-old has been a regular fixture under Simone Inzaghi this season, but he also shone under Conte when the Nerazzurri romped to the league title last campaign. The prospect of a reunion could therefore be an enticing one for the player, and although the move is not believed to be at an advanced stage, he could arrive as Spurs' third successive Serie A arrival. Conte and Paratici have a hit rate of two from two so far in light of Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur's success since signing from Juve. DON'T MISS...Arsenal star Ben White targeted by sly Brighton dig after shock victoryMan City 'missed chance to win league vs Liverpool' claims Man Utd hero Gary NevilleChelsea boss Tuchel highlights Christensen error for Xavi to avoid The duo have added flair to Spurs' ranks which was on show again when they thrashed Aston Villa 4-0 on Saturday. Kulusevski scored and assisted at Villa Park to boost his dizzying numbers to 10 goal contributions in just nine starts, while Bentancur has added composure and vision to central midfield. More high-quality arrivals from Conte's former stomping ground could take his side up another level even as their growing momentum looks likely to land them with a Champions League spot for next season. Four consecutive wins has taken them clear of local rivals Arsenal and put them in control of the top-four race. "It was a great win for us," Conte told Sky Sports on Saturday, "Especially when you play a game after your rivals for a place in the Champions League - Wolverhampton, Manchester United and Arsenal - have lost. "In this moment you start to feel the blood. It is important in this moment not to fail. We are working a lot on the mentality and the players are giving me satisfaction. For sure, to see this improvement makes me proud. It gives me great satisfaction. At the same time, I know we have to work on this improvement.