A 'Big Power Off' event has been arranged online by people angry about the rising cost of living crisis currently engulfing the UK. As energy prices rise, on Sunday, April 10, participants who wish to take part are being urged to turn off electrical items in their homes, as long as it is safe to do so. The protest has been billed as a "non-partisan action protest".  One Facebook post that has been widely shared reads: "Tonight is the night of the big power-off. “The idea is that, if it won't put you at risk, you switch off all of your electrical appliances, lights, or switch off at the breakers for 10 minutes. “This short power off will cause an imbalance on the national grid, where consumption becomes lower than predicted and therefore the electrical supply is too great. “To protect the grid, power stations will be temporarily disconnected or issued notices to attenuate their output."  READ MORE: UK faces biggest increase in homelessness for centuries At 10pm, organisers of the event are urging people to safely switch off electrical items in their homes. The blackout is planned to last until 10.10pm, at which point people will turn their devices back on. While not all people will wish to take part, some people have taken to social media to voice their support for the initiative. One social media user, @SMullenHV, wrote on Twitter: "April 10th at 10pm. Switch off all your electric power for 10 minutes.   "This can cause havoc with the grid system. Spain did this and they have reduced energy back to 2019 levels. Even if it's only a gesture, its worth doing something" Another Twitter account, @MillHillBwy, tweeted: "Sunday 10pm the big power switch off. Stand with the poorest". The Government is under increasing pressure to help people deal with spiralling energy costs and the cost of living crisis. The Government's new energy strategy aims to move the UK away from Russian oil and gas in the wake of the nation's invasion of Ukraine.  DON'T MISS:Heating home for less: How to save 37% on your energy bills [INSIGHT]Millions of older Britons unable to claim £150 council tax rebate [REPORT]North Sea gas is vital to free country from 'malign' Putin [ANALYSIS] The blueprint also aims to boost the UK's renewable energy sources and invest in nuclear energy in the UK. But the Government is facing pressure to do more to help people deal with the rising costs of energy right now. Millions of households in England, Scotland and Wales could be paying hundreds of pounds more a year for electricity and gas after prices were hiked this month. The energy price cap has been raised, meaning the maximum price suppliers can charge households is being raised. According to Ofgem, a record increase in global gas prices sees the energy price cap rise by £693 from April. 