The UK is one of the most nature-depleted countries in the world and experts hope nature-friendly farming could play a vital role in tackling the nature and climate crisis. Craig Bennett, chief executive of the Wildlife Trusts, said: “Without wholesale change away from unsustainable, intensive farming we will continue to see terrible wildlife declines in the UK and we will carry on jeopardising the future of food production. “Historically, our agricultural policy has rewarded a deeply unsustainable, intensive farming which is highly dependent on artificial inputs such as fossil fuel-based fertilisers and toxic chemicals. All these erode the nature we need to grow food longer term. “With the right support from the Government, farmers can become the climate and nature heroes of the future, bringing wildlife back into their farms to the benefit of all.” Mr Bennett warned there could be no food security if nature continues to decline because crops depend on a healthy natural environment with pollinators. Farmland birds, such as skylarks, grey partridge and yellow wagtail, have nearly halved in the last five decades as the habitats they rely on vanished. A nature-friendly farming initiative called the Jordans Farm Partnership has helped farmers restore an area of more than 6,000 football pitches for wildlife. Mr Bennett said: “We can’t just rely on these pioneering farmers to help bring back hedgehogs, hares and harriers. “If we are going to stop the decline of wildlife by 2030 – as the Government has committed to do – then all farmers must be supported to be part of this change. “The Government says its new Local Nature Recovery scheme will pay farmers to make space for nature, but will it go far enough?” The Government’s initiative will try to reverse the decline in biodiversity and build environmental resilience to climate change. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It will do this by encouraging landowners to plant trees and create woodland on areas of their farms. Farmers will be rewarded for tackling issues such as water pollution by reducing run-off, mitigating flood risk by installing flood reservoirs, restoring peat or wetland areas, and adding hedgerows to fields. An early version of the Local Nature Recovery scheme will be trialled from next year with a full roll-out across the country from 2024. The Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs has been contacted for a comment. SIR Michael Colman has called it “wonderful” to see new birds arriving at his farm following the introduction of measures to boost nature, writes Steph Spyro. His Malshanger farm, in Hampshire, has attracted more wildlife since planting wildflower margins. It has also become home to a range of new birds like goshawk, stone curlew and barn owl. Sir Michael, whose family is famous for Colman's Mustard, said: “It is wonderful to see wildlife increasing on my farm – this year a goshawk was seen over our woodland for the first time.  “The Jordan’s Partnership Programme (JFP) project has given advice on practical and achievable conservation improvements that can be made to existing habitats, as well as suggestions on new habitats we can create for wildlife. “After we spotted stone curlews on my estate, my JFP farm advisor put me in touch with a local monitoring scheme which recorded a successful breeding pair in 2021 – another ‘first’ our farm has achieved since joining the partnership.” 