GB News host Dan Wootton and his guests Carole Malone, Benjamin Butterworth and Esther Krakue spoke to Just Stop Oil spokesperson Zach on Monday about the group’s ongoing protests. Carole clashed with the young protester as she blasted the activists for disrupting ordinary people’s lives. Zach began: “Lots of young people like myself are gravely concerned with the climate crisis. “And it’s not just some loopy lefty idea that’s been plucked out of the air, it’s a genuinely serious situation that we’re currently in.” Carole vented: “Have you ever paid a household bill in your life?” Zach replied: “No I haven’t,” and the Daily Express columnist added: “Have you ever had a job?” Read more: Richard Madeley blasts proposal to make avoiding chores a crime “I think these questions are quite frankly irrelevant, I think you know the answer to these questions,” the activist responded. “Have you had any real responsibility? You are stopping people from getting to work in the midst of a cost-of-living crisis. “They are making choices whether to heat their homes or feed their kids and you are stopping that from happening never having had any responsibility in your life." Zach argued: “It’s interesting you mentioned the cost-of living-crisis, we know the cost-of-living crisis is being fuelled by the fossil fuel industry while their CEOs are being let off scot-free.” “You haven’t answered a single question, Zach,” Carole fumed. “Bernard Looney, the CEO of BP said he had more money than he knew what to do with. Ordinary people are being absolutely trashed here,” Zach replied. The columnist continued: “You’re not answering questions, this is what zealots like you do.” “I’m not a zealot, I’m a concerned person I’m a very concerned person,” Zach hit back. DON'T MISS'If that's ok!' Ranvir Singh blasts ITV bosses over Emma Corrin dress [VIDEO]GB News guest slams Rishi Sunak's wife following tax pay U-turn [INTERVIEW]Nadiya Bychkova says her father is still stuck in Ukraine [INSIGHT] Esther asked: “When I was 15, I certainly was preoccupied with other things I just want to know, do you feel you know enough of this just going back to Carole’s point, never having a job or any real responsibility, do you feel you know enough about what’s actually going on to feel like you’re justified to disrupt public life?” “I think all I need to know is the current science which the IPCC, the International Energy Agency are telling us,” Zach argued. “I think that’s what I need to know here and that’s why I’m doing these things.” He continued: “I don’t need to have had a job to know the science is incredibly concerning here. “Sir David King last year, he was the former chief scientific advisor to the UK Government said we have three to four years to determine the future of humanity. “He’s the former chief scientific advisor to the UK Government, the IPCC’s latest report it’s damning.” Benjamin disagreed with his panellists and added: “Zach I think it’s an inspiration that you’re so engaged at 15. “The first political activism I ever did was to oppose a power plant when I was 10-years-old.” GB News begins with Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel on weekdays from 6am.