Television fans were back on Channel 4 giving their views on the latest hit programmes, and one of the shows the Gogglebox cast tuned into was Piers Morgan: Uncensored, the broadcaster's first project since he left Good Morning Britain in 2021. His TV comeback focuses on fighting cancel culture and "woke" views. While some of the show's stars were surprised to see him on screens, Channel 4 viewers took to social media to complain about the show "promoting" Piers. "Piers is back!" Mica exclaimed to Marcus as the pair watched the TalkTV show. "Is that how bad it's got for Piers Morgan, he's not allowed of any channels so they've got to make a brand new channel for him?" laughed Baasit Siddiqui. "Very American, isn't it?" Sophie commented to brother Pete as the show started. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy "He's done this to really stick it to GMB now," Pete remarked as his sister agreed. As the journalist instantly ranted about "woke snowflakes" Sophie stated: "If there weren't 'woke snowflakes' he wouldn't have a job." The opening show saw him talking to former president Donald Trump, who hinted to Piers he would be running in the next election. The two also clashed during the conversation, as Donald claimed he was "more honest" than Piers. As the Gogglebox favourites laughed and cringed through the interview, those watching were quick to give their own views on Piers being featured. @TashAmaka wrote "Ugh do we have to have Talk Tv on #Gogglebox." (sic) @SeorSpitalfiel1 penned: "Oh #Gogglebox you're promoting the k**b #piersmorganuncensored? That's just low." They also added: "#Gogglebox don't please ever show #piersmorganuncensored again. I'm trying to have a good Friday night. No one needs to see this s***. @Channel4." DON'T MISS... Question of Sport viewers call for BBC to scrap series.. [VIDEO]The Chase's Mark asks for 'white flag' after 'unbelievable' game [LATEST]GB News guests clash over Royal Family reparations ‘No evidence!' [VIDEO] Mirroring these views, @RaymondSouthorn shared: "These clips of Donald Trump with @piersmorgan on @C4Gogglebox are the first I've seen of him since he lost, and he's still as mad as f**k! #Gogglebox." @GamerLozz admitted: "Really don't want to hear about Trump and Piers "Moron" Morgan on #Gogglebox thanks." "Watching #Gogglebox something bit nauseating watching the new Piers Morgan Talk TV Interview with Donald Trump. It’s cringey and painful and a dreadful interview," @autisticlyaar posted. Referencing a bizarre clip from a programme shown on last week's Gogglebox about a strange duck, @alexr_241 went as far as posting a still of the duck and writing: "I’d rather see the duck thing again than Piers and Trump #Gogglebox." Viewing figures showed 400,000 people turned in to watch Piers' first TalkTV show episode on Monday. However, the numbers halved the following day and they have continued to drop. Figures for Wednesday night's broadcast have been published and once again the viewership has almost halved - this time from 215,900 to 123,000. Gogglebox continues on Friday at 9pm on Channel 4, while Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs Monday to Friday at 8pm on TalkTV.