British Airways announced 20 flight cancellations earlier this week, but that figure has increased today. The cancelled flights were meant to leave UK airports this morning. British Airways has announced the cancellations of a further 54 flights today. This brings the company’s number of cancelled flights up to a total of 74. These flights have been cancelled from British airports, ruining the holiday plans of thousands of Britons. Meanwhile, easyJet has announced 52 of its flights have been cancelled. READ MORE: Easter holiday chaos as Britons lose thousands due to passport delays Yesterday, the budget airline warned of 58 cancellations, therefore this figure has been reduced by six today. The airlines have blamed a shortage of staff due to Covid-related absences. These flights have been cancelled from British airports, ruining the holiday plans of thousands of Britons. Meanwhile, easyJet has announced 52 of its flights have been cancelled.   Yesterday, the budget airline warned of 58 cancellations, therefore this figure has been reduced by six today. The airlines have blamed a shortage of staff due to Covid-related absences. Between 15,000 and 20,000 travellers will be affected by the flight cancellations today alone. British Airways has axed 74 flights to and from Heathrow. As for easyJet, the airline’s 52 cancelled flights are from various UK airports. These include Gatwick, Luton, Bristol, Manchester, Belfast, and Edinburgh. All flights are domestic or short-haul routes, with many from the UK to Italian, Spanish, or French destinations. The cancellations today come after days of lengthy queues and abandoned luggage at a number of British airports. Travellers took to social media this morning to share their experiences, but there were some pieces of positive news among the bad. Twitter user Charl Adams said: “It took us approx one hour, from arriving at the airport at 5am, to get through security at T2. It did get considerably busier once we had joined the queue though. However they do call you to skip the queues with an hour to go to your flight. Don’t panic!” Ewan wrote: “Queues were quick at Manchester Airport T2. Airside within 90 minutes of arrival at the airport.” Pip Jones wrote: “With all the reports of airport chaos in the UK, I was surprised that Luton Airport is so chill. We got through check-in and security really quickly and we're now chilling in departures waiting for our flight to Budapest.” London Stansted Airport stated: “We have had no reports of disruption to our operation today. That being said, we recommend you arrive to the airport at the earliest time your airline advises. Please get in touch with them directly to clarify. Thank you.” London Gatwick Airport also advised “arriving two-three hours before departure”. Full list of cancelled flights British Airways to/from Heathrow Aberdeen Belfast City Edinburgh Glasgow Manchester Newcastle Amsterdam (2) Frankfurt (2) Hanover (2) Stockholm (2) Milan Malpensa Toulouse Madrid Tirana Vienna Oslo Zagreb Bologna Stuttgart Nice Basel Munich Zurich Budapest Luxembourg Brussels Berlin Venice Copenhagen Marseille Barcelona Dusseldorf Paris easyJet to/from Gatwick Naples Nice Mahon (Menorca) Brindisi Montpellier Preveza Milan Bergamo Kefallonia Pisa Verona Krakow Berlin Olbia Ibiza Amsterdam easyJet to/from Luton Berlin Nice Milan Malpensa Edinburgh easyJet to/from Bristol Amsterdam Bordeaux Olbia Mahon easyJet to/from Manchester Berlin Naples easyJet to/from Belfast International Edinburgh easyJet to/from Edinburgh Belfast International Luton