Lord Heseltine discussed the push by Brits for the Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak, to cut windfall tax on oil and gas companies. Many Brits are facing poverty due to the decision of Mr Sunak to increase National Insurance by 1.25 percent, plus the 54 percent increase in energy bills. Lord Heseltine insisted that Labour's suggestion about borrowing will only increase inflation rates and the debt of the country when trying to discuss what can be done to stop those facing poverty from suffering. Lord Heseltine told Sky News: "I can't remember a Government so besieged by problems, of a very serious nature. "Certainly not in my experience, but go back, of course, dramatic experiences of the war and everything. "But by and large the Government is coping with a whole range of difficult issues." Sky News reporter said: "Yeah they do have difficult decisions to make, don't they. "But many people have said that Rishi Sunak had choices to make and he hasn't done enough." JUST IN: Putin threatens to turn off the gas if not paid in roubles     Lord Heseltine said: "Well they will and you can understand why. "But from his point of view, he's facing a situation where we have one of the largest public-sector debts in modern times. Lord Heseltine added: "He's facing inflation pressures which will push up interest rates. "And the cost of the already level of borrowing, would of course impact on the whole economy and everybody in it. "So he's got the loneliest possible position, I think he's done what he can, he will never be able to or should be able to pay the costs of living increases that have taken place.    READ MORE: Truss hits Moscow propaganda machine     "It is going to be very difficult for large numbers of people, so I'm afraid we're in a very difficult situation and I have very little time for people who simply say borrow more money. "Because what they're really doing is kicking the problem down the road." The Sky News reporter said: "Let's have a look at a couple of things, £20 a week hike in Universal Credit, do you think they should have restored that? "Everyones talking about the windfall tax on oil and gas companies because they are making so much money, do you think that we should have a tax on them?" Lord Heseltine added: "Well that's a matter for the Chancellor to make the decision. "I myself are not in favour of being a Shadow Chancellor I'm not privy to the briefing he has to look at and read. DON’T MISS: Putin's nuclear threats cause US to cancel ballistic missile test - 'risk of miscalculation'GB News: Putin health may be at risk as doctor predicts thyroid issues and cancerKate Middleton finds royal tours a real ‘wrench’ as Duchess finds leaving home ‘difficult’  "I've not myself been Chancellor of the Exchequer and so I'm not prepared to join in the sort of people who sit in an armchair alongside the door. "Always with easy solutions, difficult problems, if only they'd been consulted, I think the Chancellor has got a nightmarish situation. "He has a record of having shown he is concerned about his problems because his treatment of the covid crisis was extremely genuine." Mr Sunak's reason for increasing taxes is to pay for PPE bought during the pandemic and to help with the NHS backlog. Not every MP will defend Mr Sunak's decision, Lib Dem business spokeswoman Sarah Olney told Express.co.uk: "Brits face the tax hangover from hell. "Rishi Sunak’s decision to hike taxes during a cost of living crisis is outrageous. "Bills are already soaring and endless tax rises will make matters worse. Families need help, not tax rises. "Pub and bar owners are screaming out for help after years of pain but all the Government can offer is this tax double whammy. "Now is not the time to hike VAT and national insurance on them. We should be slashing taxes right now to help people and businesses struggling to get by. "The Liberal Democrats emergency VAT cut would put £600 back in the pockets of families and help our hospitality sector recover from the pandemic." 