Vera’s Detective Sergeant Aiden Healy (played by Kenny Doughty) has proved himself a strong and reliable partner to DCI Stanhope (Brenda Blethyn) who relishes his insight and diligence. His commitment to the job can sometimes be at the cost of his own well-being but despite this, the popular DS has continued to ensure that the perpetrators of crimes are sought out and brought to justice. The beloved Aiden actor has revealed why he has  “never been on a job like Vera” before. Attributing not only the most thrilling storylines but the British drama series is also surrounded by picturesque views across Northumberland. Kenny detailed how the area gains traction when the word of filming gets out to Vera fans, saying: “Because we were filming at the same time the last two episodes were broadcast, there was an even bigger buzz in the area. "We’d be on TV that night and in the area filming so we had more and more people come out to see us. “It was mental,” he went on to add:  “I’ve never been on a job like it.” READ MORE:Will Smith 'destroys 30 years of work' after resigning The TV star revealed: “I think there was one day when at least 200 people showed up throughout the day to watch us!” Furthermore, Kenny gushed over his fans for their consideration, saying: “They’re great and respectful.” His co-star, Brenda, 75, had also returned to ITV screens once again as the DI with the show airing its 11th outing. Vera undoubtedly brought the action in the season’s fourth episode titled Who is in As The Crow Flies?. Fans are shocked to discover a primary school teacher Lizzy's body is discovered at the bottom of a cliff-side coastal walkway. The detective inspector and her team are given the heartbreaking task of breaking the news to her family. Her husband is Phil Swann (Craig Parkinson), a former soldier-turned-farmer who shares two daughters with Lizzy. There to try and console Phil is his straight-talking mum Moira Swann (Ann Mitchell). The bucket-hat wearing detective interviews paint a troubling picture of a guarded and paranoid woman who in the days leading up to her death seemed to be burning bridges with friends and family alike. Fans of the drama often praise the series for its puzzling murder mysteries and surprise guests appearances. After facing delays thanks to the COVID-19 pandemic, Vera and her detectives had been missed by many. With rumours flying around in the wider press that the 75-year-old starlet would be stepping down from her long-standing role, she replied: “I haven’t got any plans to [leave].” In further good news for fans, the actor went on to say she will continue to play the popular character for the foreseeable. Brenda told Radio Times: “At the moment, all the time I’m fit and able, I’ll be visiting Vera.” The ITV cast will be returning to the northeast in March to recommence filming, so viewers can expect to see more drama than ever before, especially with the forthcoming season beginning with a murder taking place on a boat. Vera episodes are available to stream on ITV and ITV Hub