Mako Komuro, 30, married her boyfriend and upped sticks to New York last year and gave up a $1.3 million payout that is typically paid to royal women who lose their royal status upon their marriage. Japanese law states that a Princess must “leave the imperial family upon marriage to a commoner”.  The couple became engaged in 2013 and were married in October last year in a small ceremony after the Imperial Household stated that “their marriage is not celebrated by many people”. Since the wedding and move to America, Mako’s husband Kei Komoro, has landed a role as a paralegal at a law firm in New York. Japan Times revealed that Mako is volunteering at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in an unpaid role. The former Princess is reportedly assisting curators in the Asian art collection department of the museum.  Mako has been personally involved in organising and arranging an exhibition of paintings that are inspired by the life of a 13th century monk. The monk that is at the centre of this exhibition travelled across Japan and introduced Buddhism. The former Princess met her husband at International Christian University where she graduated with a degree in art and cultural heritage which makes her perfectly qualified for the Met. She also attended the University of Edinburgh where she studied for a degree in art and cultural heritage. READ MORE: 'Task set' Chechen warlord unveils chilling plot for Kyiv Mako then moved on to study a master’s in Art Museum and Gallery Studies at the University of Leicester in 2016. After her studies, she continued to perform her royal duties while also working as a special researcher at the University Museum in Tokyo. PEOPLE spoke with a former Curator at the Met who said: “She’s qualified and probably handling pieces in collection. DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson told to harness nuclear power NOW – POLL (POLL)Con Cluskey dead: The Bachelors' star dies aged 80 (INSIGHT)Japan humiliates EU with blueprint to cut Russia ties (REACTION)  “In general, it’s work which requires a great deal of preparation and often means spending a lot of time in the library.” The couple moved into a lavish apartment in Manhattan last autumn that is reportedly a 10-minute drive away from the museum. After her wedding Mako said: “What I would like is just to lead a peaceful life in my new environment.” 