Cleaner Hailey Becnel, from Florida, runs the Instagram account @thecleaningchannel. She also posts her cleaning expertise on her TikTok account, The Cleaning Channel. She told Express.co.uk big mistakes to avoid to prevent damage if your home. She warned Britons against mixing cleaning products, even if they have seen advice to do so online via cleaning "hacks". Hailey said: "A huge mistake is mixing products. Never mix cleaning products without doing research. When in doubt...do not mix." The expert went on: "Another common mistake is not reading how to use a product. "Whenever you buy a cleaning product, always read the directions before use. "Each cleaning product on the market has a special use for a certain area. READ MORE: 'That shine!': Mum shows how she creates the shiniest sheen on her chrome fridge "As long as you read the directions first and do not mix anything you won't cause any damage. "Be smart about cleaning and always do your research first!" Lots of cleaning products are recommended, like vinegar, lemons, and baking soda. However, they can still cause damage to the home if used incorrectly. DON'T MISS'Simple' one-hour method to clean the oven and remove grease [HOW TO] Cleaning for toilets - scrub them 'at least once a week' [GUIDE] 'Your best friends': Perfect products for a dirty shower door [EXPERT] What items should you not clean with these? Can they be damaging? Hailey said: "Typically these items are not damaging as long as you apply them in the right situations. "An example of incorrect usage of vinegar would be using it on granite or any natural stone. "The acid can harm the stone...the same goes with lemons." Vinegar Vinegar is a cleaning hack suggested by a lot of cleanfluencers. It can be great for cleaning, however, it damages some surfaces. Vinegar will dull stone countertops like limestone and marble. It will also ruin the finish on a hardwood floor. Baking soda Baking soda is very abrasive and will damage areas of the home. It can scratch glass or a mirror, it can turn aluminum brown, and it can ruin ceramic and the finish on wood. Cleaning antique silver is a no-no, too. Although baking soda will remove tarnish, it will damage the delicate material. Bleach and vinegar This creates chlorine gas, which can cause breathing problems and red, watering eyes. Bleach and ammonia Bleach and ammonia create chloramine, which can cause chest pain and shortness of breath. Bleach and rubbing alcohol Chloroform is well known for being used to knock people unconscious. It was once used as medical anesthesia, however, it caused severe side effects. Hydrogen peroxide and vinegar This creates peracetic acid, which irritates the lungs, causes shortness of breath, and can damage the liver and kidneys.