Princess Anne married her second husband Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence in 1992 at Crathie Parish Church near Balmoral. But in contrast to what has often been the case with royal marriages, Sir Timothy was not granted a royal title by the Queen upon marrying a member of the Royal Family. The Queen has historically bestowed a royal title on royal men when they tie the knot, as has been the case for Prince Andrew, Prince Edward, Prince William and Prince Harry in recent years. Andrew, William and Harry all received dukedoms, while Prince Edward received the Earldom of Wessex when he married Sophie Rhys-Jones in 1999. But royal titles have rarely been given to men who have married royal women in recent decades, with a notable exception being the Queen's sister Princess Margaret.  After Margaret married Antony Armstrong-Jones in 1960, her new husband later accepted the Earl of Snowdon title from the Queen. READ MORE: Charles and Camilla's 'LOVE CHILD' unveils new 'undeniable proof' But the husband of the Queen's cousin Princess Alexandra, Sir Angus Ogilvy, is thought to have turned down an Earldom offer from the Queen when he married Alexandra in 1963. Princess Anne's first husband, Captain Mark Phillips, also remained untitled after he married the Queen's daughter in 1973. So when Princess Anne married then-Commander Timothy Laurence in 1992, he also remained without a royal title from the Queen.  However, the Queen did create him a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (KCVO) in 2011. In 1973, Princess Anne married Captain Mark Phillips at Westminster Abbey, and the pair had two children. The couple's first child Peter Phillips was born in 1977, while Zara Tindall (nee Phillips) was born in 1981. Under a Letters Patent issued by King George V in 1917, Peter and Zara were not entitled to royal titles. DON'T MISS:Princess Anne takes William's mantle for attending engagements [INSIGHT]Princess Anne eclipses William as hardest working royal [ANALYSIS]Princess Anne's two engagement rings both avoid 'traditional' jewel [PICTURES]  Only the monarch's children, grandchildren through the male line, and the eldest son of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales are entitled to HRH and Prince or Princess titles. For this reason, Peter and Zara are styled simply as Mr and Mrs, despite being the Queen's eldest grandchildren. Anne and Mark divorced in 1992, with the couple having first separated in 1989. Anne and Mark share five grandchildren: Savannah Phillips, Isla Phillips, Mia Tindall, Lena Tindall and Lucas Tindall. 