Turkey is one of the UK’s top tourist destinations. After suffering during the pandemic, Turkey is expecting record numbers of Britons this year. Dominick Chilcott, British Ambassador to Turkey, tweeted: “Not surprised that Turkey has risen to fourth place in the world tourism rankings, according to an UNWTO report. “Turkey is one of the best places to have a summer holiday. We are expecting record numbers of Brits visiting Turkey’s beautiful coasts this year!” Özgen Uysal, a member of the Association of Turkish Travel Agencies, said: “Demand from the UK has been very strong in the past days. “During the tourism season, probably some 200 planes will arrive each week, which means 37,000 British tourists each week. READ MORE: P&O Ferries cancels all trips this weekend “Currently, all planes arriving all full.” He added that Turkey may see a record number of British visitors this year if numbers continue rising. Turkey may become reliant on British tourists as the Russian market declines due to sanctions. In 2021, 4.7 million Russians holidayed in Turkey and the country represents a major part of Turkey’s tourism industry. However, as sanctions start to bite the Russian economy, it is likely that many Russians will be unable to travel. In 2019, British nationals made over 2.5 million visits to Turkey, according to the UK Government. According to the Post Office Travel Money, Turkey is one of the most budget friendly options for Britons this year. The Turkish resort of Marmaris was rated as the best value of all the destinations ranked by the Post Office. A three course meal for two with a bottle of wine in the resort costs a bargain price of just £16.02. The port city of Marmaris is popular for its stunning pebbly beach and the lively nightlife of Bar Street. With crystal clear seas and many small coves to explore, it’s the perfect destination for British families. Antalya is another popular destination with Britons and offers gorgeous beaches backed by mountains. Tourists can also find plenty of affordable restaurants as well as street performers and Turkish baths. Britons looking for a city break could opt to explore the enticing city of Istanbul. From vibrant markets to river cruises, Istanbul packs a punch. History fans could explore the ancient site of Ephesus which has one of the seven wonders of the world, the Temple of Artemis. Fully vaccinated travellers do not need to take a test to travel to Turkey while unvaccinated travellers will need a negative test or proof of a recent recovery. Tourists must wear a mask on flights to Turkey and complete an online form to enter the country. Britons will also need to follow any local Covid restrictions in place.