Manchester United, Arsenal, Chelsea, Newcastle, West Ham... the list goes on. Whoever is interested in landing Benfica frontman Darwin Nunez this summer, big problems lie ahead. That's because the prolific Uruguayan simply cannot stop scoring and his value continues to soar every time the back of the net ripples. Nunez was on hand to open the scoring on Sunday night in the Derby de Lisboa against Sporting, once again showcasing he is the man for the big occasion. The goal means he has now notched in six consecutive matches in all competitions, including the epic midweek 3-3 draw against Liverpool at Anfield. He now seems set for a blockbuster move to the Premier League this summer with super-agent Jorge Mendes set to help broker a deal following the striker's split with current representative Edgardo Lasalvia. Express Sport understands Benfica are currently seeking around £67million (€80m) to agree to a sale, a figure that is likely to spook a number of English clubs. READ MORE: West Ham star Nikola Vlasic in tears after Burnley's Ashley Westwood suffers horror injury West Ham saw a deadline-day offer worth close to £47m rejected by Benfica in January and now the Portuguese giants look set to earn a mega payday in the coming months. The Hammers and even Newcastle may now be blown out of the water by other potential suitors given that Nunez's value is continuing to sky-rocket. Furthermore, he wants to play Champions League football after a taste of the competition with Benfica, something that could hand the likes of Chelsea and Atletico Madrid an advantage. Nunez now has 33 goals in 38 outings in all competitions this season for his club and his prolific fire-rate does not look like slowing down anytime soon. READ MOREMan Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claimsMan City goalkeeper Scott Carson 'offers out' Sime Vrsaljko in new Atletico tunnel clipAjax boss Erik ten Hag responds after being congratulated over Man Utd job At just 22, Nunez is now one of the most attractive options on the planet when it comes to signing a No 9. Dusan Vlahovic is now with Juventus while Erling Haaland looks set to pick between Manchester City and Real Madrid when his £64m release clause kicks into gear at the end of the campaign. Nunez has outscored the pair of them this season and he is now showing signs of becoming the next big attraction in Europe. In the Portuguese press, there is a feeling that Nunez could be set to net Benfica in excess of €100m. The Eagles are no strangers to a mammoth sale having flogged Joao Felix to Atletico Madrid for £115m in 2019. Ruben Dias also cost Manchester City around £61m while Ederson cost just over half that figure at £36m in the summer of 2017. Benfica will hold all the cards and all the while Nunez is still banging in goals, they have every right to demand a premium figure. Given the vast number of interested suitors, the saga is already shaping up into a potential bidding war that can only bode well for the Primeira Liga outfit...