Erik ten Hag has reportedly requested the signing of Darwin Nunez this summer with the new Manchester United boss said to be 'in love' with the Uruguayan frontman. The Benfica centre-forward has already left a lasting impression on the Dutchman, having netted the winner for his current side against Ajax in the Champions League Round of 16. Nunez climbed highest to head home in a 1-0 victory for Benfica in Amsterdam in the second leg of a closely contested knockout tie, before scoring in both quarter-final fixtures against Liverpool. He is now one of the most attractive forward options on the market ahead of the summer transfer window and United are one of several English clubs in the running. According to Spanish newspaper AS, the Red Devils are actually leading the race and Ten Hag is pushing to get the deal done. He wants the United hierarchy to sanction the move as he is already sold on the 22-year-old, who could become one of the faces of his new project. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester City are also in the hunt for Nunez's services. Express Sport understands both Arsenal and United have already consulted Benfica to discover the terms of any deal. The Primeira Liga giants are thought to be requesting £67million in order to agree to a sale. However, with Nunez continuing to find the net, his price tag remains on the up. READ MOREJurgen Klopp claims Anthony Gordon 'lucky' not to get sent off in Liverpool win vs EvertonErik ten Hag opens up on 'difficulty' in first interview as Manchester United bossChelsea's Jorginho labelled 'pathetic' for penalty that 'bounced twice before goalkeeper'  Atletico Madrid are also believed to be interested in a deal having already held discussions with his entourage. Jorge Mendes is due to meet with several clubs this week to discuss his new client Nunez. The super-agent will be the man tasked with brokering any deal after the player decided to split from current representative Edgardo Lasalvia. United are set to go after a new No 9 at the end of the season with Edinson Cavani due to depart upon the expiry of his contract in June. Cristiano Ronaldo's future will have no impact on United's pursuit of attacking reinforcements. The Portuguese icon has at least one more year on his current deal with the option for an additional 12 months. There has been some suggestion in the media that Ten Hag will allow Ronaldo to leave the club. Everton's Richarlison is another name that has been internally discussed by United.