Ms Moseley claimed that all of the Government's proposed deterrents would not work as she discussed the new immigration policy with radio host Matthew Wright. Home Secretary Priti Patel announced a new deal with Rwanda which will see the UK sending those seeking asylum into the UK via the English Channel housed and processed all the way in Rwanda. Ms Moseley explained that it would not stop the problem as those seeking help have nowhere to go, claiming it would increase human suffering massively. The LBC presenter said: "Do you think this plan, the Rwandan plan is actually going to happen? "Because £120m in my view is barely enough to fuel Kagame's £50m private jet and service its massive armoured car. "It's not going to go anyway, I wouldn't have thought it was going to go very far with dealing with the asylum-seeking issue. "So, do you think it's going to happen and if it does happen, is it going to make any difference?"  JUST IN: Boris Johnson charges on with ‘cruel’ Rwanda plan with hopes to begin flights ‘in weeks’     Ms Moseley said: "Well on the first one, we have heard so many things in the last year, haven't we. "From waves machines to Albania, to God knows what we've heard so much. "So I honestly can't answer the first one, but on the second one, it absolutely will not change anything. "Because there's an absolute weight of evidence to show that it won't.   READ MORE: Air raid sirens and explosions ringing across Ukraine following sinking of Moskva warship     Ms Moseley added: "There are massive amounts of evidence to show that deterrents won't work. "There was a BBC reporter in Calais today asking people if it would stop them crossing. "And they quite clearly said no, the problem with refugees is they have to go somewhere. "And most of them have nowhere else to go, so it's not going to change anything, it's going to increase human suffering massively. DON’T MISS: Putin humiliation as naval cruiser ‘seriously damaged’ after Ukraine claims attacking‘Come back nuanced politics!’ Respect My Sex activist warns parties of losing female votesNATO wants Sweden's military might 'They're more powerful than most countries'  Home Secretary Priti Patel has faced major backlash for announcing the new policy as many Brits believe it's discriminatory and racist, due to the warm welcome Ukrainians receive. But many trying to seek refuge from places in Africa in the Middleast claim they face different treatment. Ms Patel said: "Today the United Kingdom and Rwanda have signed a joint new migration and economic development partnership to put an end to this deadly trade in people smuggling. "This is part of the United Kingdom’s New Plan for Immigration to control our borders, protect our communities, stop dangerous illegal migration, help the world’s most desperate people, and welcome international talents to the UK. "It is the biggest overhaul of our immigration system in decades, underpinned by our Nationality and Borders Bill, which will soon become law. "Our country, the United Kingdom, has always extended the hand of friendship to those in need. "In recent years alone, we have proudly welcomed tens of thousands of refugees from Syria, Afghanistan, and Ukraine, and BNOs from Hong Kong. "Rwanda has one of the strongest records of refugee resettlement and in recent years and as the minister has just said, Rwanda has resettled over 100,000 refugees." 