During a joint press conference with Belarusian president Alexander Lukashenko, Vladimir Putin insisted he hoped "common sense" over sanctions will prevail across the West. As he took a swipe at Western countries for targeting Russia in the aftermath of his invasion of Ukraine, Putin unveiled a series of new arrangements set to strengthen Russian relations with Minsk. Belarus played a pivotal part in his "special military operation" as Lukashenko authorised the use of his territory to launch the attack on northern Ukraine. Putin suggested that "never again will we need the West" thanks to the new agreement struck with trusted ally Lukashenko. The Russian President said: "In this situation, when Western countries have launched a total sanction war against Russia and Belarus, it is important we boost our integration with the union states. "We will fight against any attempts to stall our development or to isolate us artificially from the global economy. "I think this is useless – Russia and Belarus are linked closely through economic relations, traditional links and threads, including through our industrial cooperation. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG  "This attempt will not be successful, we will only become stronger because we will continue to develop our own competencies and we will not self-isolate." The Russian President also drew an analogy between Gagarin's first space flight 61 years ago and Russia's defiance today. He said: "The sanctions were total, the isolation was complete but the Soviet Union was still first in space. "We don't intend to be isolated. It is impossible to severely isolate anyone in the modern world - especially such a vast country as Russia." READ MORE: NATO country poised to supply Ukraine with Russian-built jets in Putin hammer blow  Russian officials repeatedly cited the Soviet Union's success in space as a cautionary tale about Moscow's ability to achieve spectacular results despite the odds However, Russia's economy is much smaller compared to the Soviet Union's – which was once a superpower capable of challenging the United States economically and technologically. In 2021, Russia's nominal economic output was just $1.6 trillion and only around 7 percent of the $22.9 trillion US economy. Putin also claimed Russia's financial system was operating well and the West's economic "blitzkrieg" had failed, but said the risk of harm from sanctions could rise in the medium and longer-term, Russian news agencies reported. DON'T MISS: ‘Chemical weapon’ horror as Putin drops ‘poisonous substance’ on city [REVEALED] Andrew Neil pinpoints nightmare NATO scenario for Putin [LATEST] Putin's economy in freefall as Russian Railways crashes into default [REPORT] He also warned peace talks with Kyiv are at a dead end after describing his war on Ukraine as "noble." Asked by Russian space agency workers if the operation in Ukraine would achieve its goals, Putin said: "Absolutely. I don't have any doubt at all." He said the Russian Army would "rhythmically and calmly" continue its operation. The Russian leader claimed Moscow had no choice but to fight because it had to defend the Russian speakers of eastern Ukraine and prevent its former Soviet neighbour from becoming an anti-Russian springboard for Moscow's enemies.