Easy, open travel across European Union countries became a significant taking point in the run-up to the 2016 referendum, with the opposing sides claiming the extreme that it would either remain exactly as was or would become so difficult as to be more hassle than it was worth. The row appears never to have stopped, with social media users in particular keeping the flames stoked. Dr Anna Jerzewska, a London and Geneva-based trade and border consultant, claimed a group of tourists recently became angry upon being denied access to the EU passport queue. She wrote in a post on Twitter: “Landed in the EU. Group of Brits push their way into the EU passport queue shouting that they can still take advantage of the benefits. “No, you can't mate. That's exactly one of the things you can't do!” Tory peer Lord Moylan joked in response: “What do you expect from deluded Remainers? “I apologise for them.” Dr Jerzewska disagreed: “Something tells me these guys voted to leave.” Something told other Twitter users the event didn’t happen at all. Diana Harding wrote: “I think we can safely park this on the ‘it never happened’ pile.” READ MORE: Children speaking in different accents after lockdown TV time Problematique added: “This is a pathological hatred of Brits at this point and it’s getting boring very quickly.” Either way, many users were surprised by the original comment given their own reports of separate, smoother occasions. Teresa wrote: “I travel to Denmark regularly throughout the year. The queues are no different now than before Brexit.” Jan responded: “I've done five trips since September. The only delay I had was in Oslo, where the EU/Shengen queue was just as slow due to Covid checks. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] “It took about 30 seconds once we got to the desk.” One user suggested Denmark was an exception due to lower tourist numbers. But Mike Rees contended: “I was in Italy for the rugby four weeks ago. No queues.” Some even suggested they had noticed during their travels delays sometimes being worse for EU queues, suggesting this have more to do with the luck of the draw. @twigthewonder wrote: “Landed in the EU – Dublin. Massive EU queue. “They are using that auto service, where you put the passport face down and look into the camera. Boy some find that difficult. “Meanwhile I just walk up to the non EU guy in booth and away in seconds, glancing back at the frustration.”