Drivers are being warned to take extra precautions to protect their caravans and leisure vehicles, according to experts at Tracker. The recent shortage of stock and increased demand has caused the price of second-hand caravans to grow dramatically, with the average touring model increasing by between £500 and £700 at the start of the year. With costs not looking to decrease anytime soon, caravans are becoming a fresh target for criminals. Clive Wain, Head of Police Liaison at Tracker, said: “Demand for UK staycations and lack of overall supply inevitably means the average caravan price is set to increase throughout the year. “Whilst caravans have always been a popular target for thieves, the demand has created a knock-on effect with the availability and price of parts for second-hand caravans, creating an opportunity for criminals. “We have seen so many cases where professional criminals have been able to quickly cut through barriers, locks and other physical deterrents in order to get to a caravan.” READ MORE: French visitor refuses to pay £380 Clean Air Zone fine A number of physical deterrents are often enough to put a potential criminal off from targeting a caravan or vehicle. The most common deterrents include secure storage facilities, hitch locks, wheel clamps, alarm systems and deadbolts will reduce the chance of theft. However, only a tracking device will improve the chances of recovery if criminals get past these barriers. Mr Wain continued, saying: “We work very closely with UK police forces recovering stolen caravans nationwide. DON'T MISSMotorists urged to save on fuel costs by only half-filling tank [INSIGHT]'Now we know truth' Fury as fuel retailers fail to pass on 5p duty cut [SHOCKING]New car tax changes introduced today with drivers paying more in VED [WARNING] “Just recently Tracker, along with Cheshire Police, recovered a Elddis Camino Tourer caravan within two hours of it being stolen from a secure storage site. “The caravan was recovered close to Ellesmere Port so if the thieves had been successful, it would have been on its way to either Europe, the Middle East or Africa. “The thieves had also gone to big lengths to access the caravan; they removed a padlock on a gate to gain entry to the secure storage site where the caravan was kept. “[They] then went to work on two locking wheel nuts and a hitch lock, disarmed the alarm and towed the caravan across a recently harvested field to exit through a gap in the hedge they had made earlier.” When buying a second-hand caravan from a dealer, or even privately, motorists are urged to check to see if it has a tracker fitted. Oftentimes, there are no visible aerials with a tracker, so the thief will be unaware that it is present, allowing the owner to work with the police to retrieve the leisure vehicle. Motorists are also advised to security mark the caravan with a Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) Chip. These identifiers are hidden inside the vehicle, making it more secure in the first place, as well as giving the police an easier method to identify the property. The Chip comes with a QR code which is linked with a database containing information about the vehicles. This can also apply to any valuables and interior fittings inside the caravan which may be stolen. Drivers can use an etching tool or engraver to mark the property with their name and postcode, deterring would-be thieves from stealing the goods. With the weather starting to settle, Tracker are also highlighting the need for drivers to choose a suitable area to use the caravan. Road users should choose a location or a site which has good security, rather than just a good price.  This comes as new research has shown that Britons are still in love with their leisure vehicles, with the UK's favourite campervan being the iconic Volkswagen T2 Bay Window. This was shortly followed by the Volkswagen T25 and the Volkswagen T2 Split Screen. Volkswagen rounded out the top five most popular campervans, although the Volkswagen T6 was voted the least popular model, just ahead of the Mercedes-Benz Sprinter, according to Just Kampers. 