Borussia Dortmund are reportedly planning to increase Jude Bellingham’s responsibility in efforts to ward off interest from Liverpool and Real Madrid. Bellingham is enjoying a brilliant season for the German side and Dortmund are keen to make him feel important and wanted amid continued speculation about his long-term future with the club.    The 18-year-old midfielder only joined Dortmund in a £25million move from hometown club Birmingham City in July 2020 but is already being linked with a move back to back to England, with various Premier League sides interested. Manchester United made a concerted effort to sign him from Birmingham two years ago and remain interested, while Liverpool and Chelsea have also been credited with interest in the England international. Dortmund are bracing themselves to lose Erling Haaland in the summer transfer window, with Manchester City having agreed to sign the prolific striker. According to the Daily Mail, City will pay Haaland’s £63m buy-out clause and put the 21-year-old on a five-year contract worth a whopping £500,000 per week. The German club don’t want to lose Bellingham in the same transfer window so are renewing their efforts to keep him happy, according to Sport Bild. The 18-year-old midfielder joined Dortmund over United two years ago because he considered the club better for his development. JUST IN: Carvalho breaks silence on Liverpool as Fulham secure Premier League Dortmund have lived up to that billing so far, handing him 86 appearances across all competitions in the past two seasons. He has played a starring role in Marco Rose’s side this season, contributing six goals and 11 assists in 40 games so far. According to Bild, plans are in place for him to continue to rise in prominence within the team’s hierarchy. He has reportedly been earmarked for a ‘future boss role’, which could see him move into a No 10 role, further forward in midfield in order to increase his creative output. DON'T MISS Birmingham brace for Bellingham repeat as Premier League watches Hall Man Utd ‘identify transfer priorities’ for Erik ten Hag to address Liverpool backed to sign Steven Gerrard-like Jude Bellingham Dortmund have already discussed this progression with Bellingham and his parents and hope that he will choose to stay put for at least another season. If they were to sell, Bild believes Bellingham would be worth ‘over’ £83m (€100m) and that Liverpool or Real Madrid would be the most likely destination. That valuation could be in the right ballpark, given he is under contract with Dortmund until June 2025 and his international team-mate Declan Rice is valued at over £150m by West Ham manager David Moyes. Dortmund are currently second in the Bundesliga, nine points adrift of defending champions Bayern Munich, with four league matches left to play. Bellingham will be aiming to burnish his reputation further when the top two clash in Der Klassiker in Munich on Saturday. 