  Jeremy Clarkson, 62, argued that he faced a lot of backlash for his “feeble joke about executing strikers” and that Dan Stevens, 39, did not face the same level of criticism for his recent quip about Boris Johnson. The actor drew gasps after he made a well-aimed dig at the Prime Minister on The One Show this week.      In his latest opinion column Jeremy wrote: “A lefty actor of some sort went on the endlessly annoying The One Show this week and made a feeble joke comparing Boris Johnson to Richard Nixon, the disgraced and now dead ex-US President. “As a result of this . . . nothing happened. “Whereas when I went on The One Show and made a feeble joke about executing strikers, all hell broke loose. “I was on the front pages. People demanded an apology and I’ve never been asked back,” he wrote in his article for the Sun.     Former Downton Abbey star Dan went viral on social media after he called out the Prime Minister live on The One Show, which is supposed to be free of any political bias in accordance with BBC rules. The actor sat down on the green sofa on Wednesday evening to promote his new political thriller, Gaslit, about former US president Richard Nixon and the 1970s Watergate scandal. However, the star has since been praised by many for delivering an unexpected jab about the partygate scandal. Hosts Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas were left speechless when Dan called for Boris’ resignation on the BBC show just one day after the PM was issued a fine for breaking his own lockdown rules.     Speaking to Dan about the “extraordinary story” of the Watergate scandal, Alex asked “what’s the take?”. The Marvel actor then replied: “Well, what you’ve got is a criminal for a leader, who is wrapped in a messy war, embroiled in a stupid scandal and surrounded by ambitious idiots, and really should resign... and, erm...” He then paused, and with mock concern continued: “No, I’m sorry that’s the intro to Boris Johnson. “I’ve just said the intro to Boris Johnson, I’m so sorry.” READ MORE... George Alagiah leaves fans tearful at BBC return amid cancer battle [INSIGHT] Prince Harry in 'fit of pique' after royal snub says Loose Women star [INSIGHT] Amanda Owen hits back as fan asks ‘why doesn’t your husband appear?' [NEWS]      Jermaine and Alex were left grinning at the deliberate jibe while gasps could be heard from the show’s film crew. On Tuesday, police fined the Prime Minister and Chancellor Rishi Sunak over a birthday party held for Mr Johnson in Number 10 during Covid restrictions in June 2020. While Dan’s comments have generally been applauded on social media, Jeremy pointed out that his remarks on The One Show were met with much harsher criticism. In 2011, the BBC programme was forced to apologise after the former Top Gear presenter said that public sector workers out on strike ought to be “executed in front of their families”.      Jeremy caused a storm of outrage on Twitter after making the controversial remark live on air in front of BBC One viewers. “I would have them taken outside and executed them in front of their families,” he said at the time. He prefaced the remarks, however, by asserting that he liked the strikers, as the industrial action meant there was no traffic on the roads. The star also explained that he had to be “balanced” as he worked for the BBC at the time, and the remarks appeared to be at least partly in jest. The One Show continues on Wednesday at 7pm on BBC One.   