Clinical neuroscientist, Dr Elisabeth Philipps warns that even one to three percent of dehydration can lead to reduced brain neuronal activity, impaired cognitive function, low mood and fatigue. If you wake up feeling tired for three days or more, it is a telling sign that your brain is struggling, says Dr Philipps. You may also notice you feel more irritable and aren't able to focus as well. "Noticing these warning signs is the first step to improving your lifestyle to support your brain’s health," Dr Philipps made clear. Take note that stress, excess sugar, and a low-quality diet also impact brain health. Dr Philipps elaborated: "There’s plenty of science that shows the stress hormone cortisol alters the brain’s structure. "And poorly controlled blood sugar and insulin response also impacts brain function, specifically how brain cells ‘wire and fire’." READ MORE: High cholesterol – Signs of an inherited disease hiking your risk of a heart attack Dr Philipps continued: "Eating lots of sugary foods on a regular basis leads to irregular blood sugar problems. "Short-term symptoms include brain fog, tiredness and low moods but this is just the start. "Long-term blood sugar and insulin problems not only increases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes but also damages the brain. "Alzheimer's disease is now called type 3 diabetes for a reason!” How to improve brain health A lack of sleep impairs brain function, so Dr Philipps recommends "getting into a bedtime routine". Creating a conducive atmosphere for sleep involves the avoidance of bright lights one hour before bedtime and using mindfulness or meditation apps. "Try journaling before bed to get thoughts out of your mind," Dr Philipps recommends. "CBD also helps balance the brain’s response to sleep so can be a useful part of a healthy sleep routine." Another pivotal pillar of good brain health requires improving your diet. One such requirement is to incorporate healthy fats into your diet, such as omega-3 essential fatty acids. Sources of the "brain-boosting fat" includes: salmon, flaxseeds, eggs, nuts, and avocados. Exercise is another important factor when it comes to protecting your brain. However, "a longer and more intense workout is not necessarily better for brain health". Dr Philipps cautions that working out too much can "create extra stress and reduce oxygen circulation". So what is the best next move? It could be as simple as taking a stroll in the outdoors. "The brain needs oxygen to function so fresh outdoor air is the best!" Dr Philipps proclaims. Clinical neuroscientist Dr Elisabeth Philipps works on behalf of health and wellbeing brand, fourfive.