Arsenal could be on the hunt for a new left-back amid the struggles of Kieran Tierney and Nuno Tavares. Tierney has suffered a string of injuries since arriving in north London and has been ruled out for the rest of this season with a knee problem. Manager Mikel Arteta could be reluctant to put his faith in Tavares in the future, meanwhile, after the 22-year-old was hooked off at the break following a shocking first half performance during his side’s 3-0 Premier League defeat to Crystal Palace on Monday night. Tavares was also hauled off 10 minutes before the interval when the Gunners were stunned by Nottingham Forest in the third round of the FA Cup in January. So Arteta could decide he needs reinforcements in that area. And Express Sport takes a look at four left-backs Arsenal could sign. Oleksandr Zinchenko Manchester City ace Oleksandr Zinchenko originally joined the Citizens as a midfielder in 2017 but was converted to a left-back. And he’s done a fine job when called upon. The Ukraine international has made 118 appearances for City but struggles to command a place in the team following the emergence of Joao Cancelo. And at the age of 25, he may be tempted to join a club where he might be given more first team opportunities. READ MORE: Man Utd watch Darwin Nunez rough up Virgil van Dijk as Liverpool battle past Benfica   Alex Grimaldo Benfica left-back Alex Grimaldo has been tipped to move on to bigger and better things and could bolster the Arsenal backline if Arteta could persuade him to move to the Emirates Stadium. The 26-year-old came through the Barcelona youth system, although he never made a first team appearance for the Catalan giants. Grimaldo is known for his attacking ability and has racked-up an impressive 19 goals and 49 assists in 245 games for Benfica. And one of those assists came in this season’s Champions League as Benfica defeated Ajax in the round of 16 to set-up a quarter-final showdown with Liverpool. Kyle Walker-Peters Kyle Walker-Peters can play on either side of the defence and would therefore be a versatile option for the Gunners. The 24-year-old has impressed for Southampton since joining from Tottenham in 2020 and made his England debut last month against Switzerland. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'issued Man Utd transfer ultimatum' involving Ralf Rangnick during interviewTottenham 'reconsider Lautaro Martinez' transfer after agreeing £60m deal last summerMan Utd have interviewed 'mystery boss' battling Erik ten Hag and Pochettino for job      Arteta might struggle to convince the player to move to the red half of north London given the fact he came through the Spurs academy. But Walker-Peters may be keen to prove he has what it takes to succeed at one of the so-called big six clubs. Marcos Alonso Another left-back with Premier League experience Arsenal could target is Chelsea star Marcos Alonso. The 31-year-old is out of contract at Stamford Bridge next summer and is likely to play second fiddle to Ben Chilwell once the England international is fit again. Chelsea could be keen to get the Spain international’s wages off their books. So a move across the capital could materialise. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 