Charles-Henri Gallois, president of Génération Frexit, launched a blistering attack against Emmanuel Macron saying five more years of the president in Elysee Palace would be a “social catastrophe”. Mr Gallois, who campaigns for France to leave the EU, urged the people of France to get rid of Mr Macron ahead of Sunday’s vote.  He posted on Twitter: “Three quarters of the French do not want 5 more years but already consider that it was 5 years too much! “It is now a question of making it real! Together, on Sunday, April 24, let's get rid of Macron! #EverythingButMacron “Five more years of Macron would be a social catastrophe, the end of our national sovereignty and our public liberties. “It would also be the continuity of a man who is characterised by permanent conflicts of interest! Not a single vote for him on Sunday.”  Six days ahead of the final vote in the euro zone's second biggest economy, Marine Le Pen has never been closer to the Elysee, but her spectacular rise in opinion polls appeared to stagnate after the first round as Mr Macron stepped up his campaign. Principal polls still show Macron as the likely winner, albeit with a slim margin. An Ipsos poll for France Info radio and newspaper Le Parisien published on Monday showed Macron hitting 56 percent, up 0.5 percent from the day before and 3 percent from the first round. An Ifop poll showed a similar trend, though with his rating unchanged from the previous day at 53.5 percent. Both candidates face the challenge of reaching out to left-leaning voters after the elimination of their candidates, while holding on to their political trademarks, a task particularly difficult for Le Pen when it comes to Islam and immigration.  READ MORE: Macron blasts Le Pen as 'far-right' With voters fragmented and undecided, the election will likely be won by the candidate who can, beyond his or her camp, convince a bigger number of voters that the other option would be far worse. But the contest is so tight it could potentially go either way. For decades in France, a "republican front" of voters of all stripes rallying behind a mainstream candidate helped keep the far-right out of power.  DON'T MISS Bashing Britain is only thing Macron and Le Pen agree on [OPINION]Le Pen's victory chances increase as young French plan mass boycott [INSIGHT]Macron's dream of winning election played down by his own ally [COMMENT] But Ms Le Pen, who had also been a candidate in the past two presidential elections, is more popular than ever in France, opinion polls show, having successfully softened her image and pegged her campaign on cost-of-living woes. She has not changed the core of her anti-immigration, eurosceptic far-right platform, but is not focusing on that, unlike in her previous election bids. However she has has failed to give specifics around her EY agenda among other policies during her campaign. Her opponents have accused her of hiding her agenda behind a Frexit referendum in a bid to conceal her true intentions.  Speaking at an election rally on Thursday, she said: ”My friends, let's not doubt victory. It has never been so close. It will be the victory of France, a victory for all French.” While enthusiastic crowds chanted "We're going to win”.  Mr Macron, who last weekend pledged to step up his efforts against climate change as he spoke at an event in the hard left's bastion Marseille, on Monday reiterated his warnings towards progressive voters. He told a France 5 television programme: ”I tell all those still hesitating: There will be a clear referendum on April 24 as the candidate of the extreme right is against Europe and against climate (policy).”