The MOT test is a legal requirement in the UK for all vehicles over three years old. Drivers should book their vehicle in for this official annual check to ensure that their vehicle is roadworthy and safe to use, but how much does it cost? While different test centres will charge their own amount, there is a maximum fee set out by law which stops garages from overcharging customers. This is how much you should expect to pay for your MOT this year. While independent test centres are tasked with completing the MOT test on vehicles across the UK, the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) is responsible for setting the price. The maximum amount MOT test stations are currently allowed to charge depends on the type of vehicle. Different factors such as the size, class and weight of the vehicle can all affect the amount you will pay. READ MORE: Car cleaning tips to use - including shaving cream Current DVLA guidelines mean that you should never pay more than: Not all garages will charge the maximum rate, and many independent businesses will offer the service at a lower rate. You might find fees of £30, or even as low as £25, for an MOT, though it is always advised that you do your research before booking into the cheapest garage you can find.  These are the maximum MOT charges for different vehicles according to gov.uk:  DON'T MISS:More young drivers to hit the roads as driving test pass rates spike [INSIGHT]Motorists rejoice over scrapping of 'nonsensical' EU law [LATEST]Drivers risk failing MOT for having rear-view mirror accessories [REVEAL] VAT is not paid on MOT tests, though you will need to pay the garage or mechanic for any repairs your vehicle needs on top of this base fee. Hourly rates will vary across the country, though you should generally expect to pay more for work done by a franchised dealer or national chain than you would at an independent garage. According to Checkatrade, this is because local independent garages tend to have lower overheads, which is also reflected in the lower MOT price. Hourly rates range from £36 to £234 across the country, with the national average for independent garages estimated to be around £56 per hour, and £99 per hour for dealerships and franchises. The total cost of your MOT will depend on the type of repairs you need, and any additional costs required in order to get your vehicle to pass the annual check. Checkatrade estimates that you should expect to pay approximately: