The Labour Leader has claimed his party would cut people's energy bills by up to £600 which would be funded by a windfall tax on oil and gas companies. He appeared on Good Morning Britain to discuss the proposal in the wake of the energy price cap rising. But Kate Garraway stressed his proposal "could potentially lead us to longer-term problems in the future". Garraway began: "If he was in power his party would generate cash with a one-off tax on energy company profits which is something he reckons would save households up to £600 on their bills. "The criticisms against that are twofold I can see. One, because it does hurt us long term because it discourages investment by the energy companies, particularly in renewables which we need for the planet and to give us good energy for the future. "And secondly, you are predicting it could save £600 off bills, but the increase this month for the average household is already £700 with another £800 projected in October, that is £1,500 in total. "So, therefore, it doesn't even absorb them now, it doesn't really ease the problem now and could potentially lead us to longer-term problems in the future." More to follow... READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? After thanking Garraway for putting the issue to him, Starmer said he wanted to tackle the matter head-on. "Our plan is for a windfall tax on oil and gas companies in the North Sea who have made more profit than they were expected to make because the global price has been much higher than expected," Starmer explained. He continued: "In the last few months they have made much more profit than expected because the global price has been so high, so this is unexpected profit." Starmer claimed the chief executive of one of the companies said: "We've got more money than we know what to do with."  The politician said his party believes the "fair" thing to do is to have a windfall tax and use it directly to help people with their energy bills by up to £600. He explained people have been waking up really worried about their energy bills and contacting him nonstop as they are concerned they will not be able to pay up. "We have got this practical solution to take about £600 off [their bills]", he added. He later slammed the Conservative Government for "being pathetic" over the problem and claimed ministers to not understand how the public feels. DON'T MISS...GMB viewers slam Laura Tobin’s ‘worst April Fools’ after plant gag [VIDEO]'Why are you increasing VAT!' Susanna Reid shames Anne-Marie Trevelyan [DEBATE]Reeves blasts oil giant 'They've more money they know what to do with' [LATEST] However, Starmer admitted there will have to be a plan in place if bills rise again in the autumn. "I think that plan needs to involve the fast-forwarding of renewables so we have got other sources of energy as we don't want to see the energy coming from abroad so much," he added. However, Garraway interjected to ask how everyone's home can be insulated and asked whether Starmer would consider fracking. She exclaimed: "It is a good thing when you see that insulation you are talking about works, but my goodness, that is a heck of a task when we are in a crisis."  She said people will need support from the Government to insulate their homes and need money to do that. Starmer claimed "it pays for itself" and stressed the country needs to be less reliant on energy from abroad. Ben Shephard chimed in: "It's always easier to be the opposition [party] when you are not having to juggle the balance sheet and make everything work for everybody." Good Morning Britain continues weekdays between 6am and 9am on ITV. 