Paul Daniels's widow Debbie McGee has told how she and her later magician husband survived a terrifying ordeal onboard on a cruise ship. In a new interview, the BBC Radio Berkshire presenter, 63, relayed the horrifying experience which happened in the early hours of the morning almost 30 years ago. Debbie recalled a cruise she and her late-husband went on when they encountered some bad weather. Looking back at her fond memories of cruising around the world with Paul, Debbie told how they weathered some terrifying conditions. The star spoke about one cruise in 1995 which saw the boat hit a "wave about 100 feel high." Speaking about the incident, Debbie told how the "lifeboats boats were blown off, and we lost anchors and all sorts." READ MORE: Helen Skelton announces heartbreaking split from husband Richie Myler She went on: "This huge wave even went down the funnel, which was halfway back!" Debbie told how the captain of the cruiseliner had ordered guests to dine early before staying in their cabins until he told them it was safe to come out. That evening, the "huge wave" hit the boat in the early hours of the morning, leading Paul to look out of their cabin to assess the damage onboard. She explained: "When it settled, Paul looked out the door and said, “Well, nobody's running up down the corridors, and there's no alarms, so we must be okay.” "There was a lot of damage, so we sort of limped into New York," she added to World of Cruising. Last month, Debbie shared an emotional post about her late husband Paul which was soon met with support from fans. Debbie shared a photo of herself and her husband from their wedding day. The Strictly Come Dancing star revealed she was reminiscing about their love story on the anniversary of his death. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan slams Meghan and Harry for 'exploiting Invictus Games' [INSIGHT]Johnny Depp doodles as police give evidence on final row with Amber [ANALYSIS]Demi Rose enters ‘barbie mode’ in cleavage-baring display [UPDATE] The photo was then shared with Debbie’s 43,600 followers. She wrote: “It seems like yesterday I lost this wonderful man. “Can’t believe it’s 6 years today. Our Wedding Day Happy memories.” Paul died six years ago from an “aggressive” brain tumour at the age of 77. Debbie previously told how the illness “stripped Paul of everything” after he was told he had pernicious anemia in 2016. The magician took a course of antibiotics at the time and it was assumed that he would recover soon. However, Debbie became concerned due to Paul’s increasingly lethargic behaviour, which included getting up late and watching too much TV. After seeing a neurosurgeon, the couple were told that he had a grade 4 brain tumour, which Debbie explained was “aggressive". "We watched movies together and ate ice cream," Debbie said to SWNS when detailing how they spent their final days together.