With Russian forces yet to make a remarkable advance in the Donbas, Michael Kofman, director of Russia studies at CNA in Washington DC, has said that the battle is "the last major offensive the Russian military can attempt given the current state and availability of forces". Britain's Defence Intelligence, meanwhile, reported "Ukrainian resistance has been strong across all axes and inflicted significant cost on Russian forces". The battle for the Donbas, a critical part of what the Kremlin dubbed "the second phase of the war", was launched by Moscow early last week after the Kremlin announced on March 25 the first phase of its "military operation" in Ukraine was mostly complete. It would now focus on completely "liberating" the region home to rebel-held Donetsk and Luhansk, it claimed. The launch of the offensive, widely labelled a turning point in the conflict, followed a month of failed attempts by Russia to envelop the Ukrainian capital Kyiv and other major cities. On Friday, in one of the most detailed statements about Moscow's ambitions in Ukraine, Rustam Minnekayev, the Russian deputy commander, said the country planned to take full control of Donbas and southern Ukraine during this stage. Ukraine LIVE: Putin abandons hope of peace talks as Russian village shelled In a hint Vladimir Putin's forces have no intention to wind down their activity there anytime soon, Russian news agencies cited Minnekayev as saying: "Control over the south of Ukraine is another way to (Moldova's) Transdniestria, where there is also evidence that the Russian-speaking population is being oppressed." The pro-Russian breakaway region of Transdniestria, which borders Ukraine, is a former Soviet state and non-NATO member in Eastern Europe. Kyiv fears it could be used as a launchpad for new attacks, and officials have warned Putin could be looking at expanding his invasion from the Donbas region into neighbouring Moldova. Minnekayev was also quoted as saying Russia plans to establish a land corridor between the Donbas and Crimea, the Black Sea peninsula seized and annexed in 2014. As described by a senior Pentagon official last Tuesday, the Russians "want to achieve some physical, tangible objectives in the Donbas within the next couple of weeks". However, the UK's Ministry of Defence said on Monday Putin's military has "yet to achieve a significant breakthrough", which "without sufficient logistical and combat support enablers in place" is proving a tricky endeavour. The MoD also said Russia's decision to besiege rather than attack the Azovstal steel plant, the main remaining Ukrainian stronghold in Mariupol, the port city that has seen constant bombardment since February 24, "means many Russian units remain fixed in the city and cannot be redeployed". DON'T MISSFailure in Ukraine ends ‘mirage’ of Russia’s invincibility in ex-Soviet states [ANALYSIS]Russian forces lost 70 percent of missiles in Ukraine in two months [REPORT]Putin's ‘far-fetched’ propaganda tactics debunked by analyst [EXPLAINER] It added: "Ukraine's defence of Mariupol has also exhausted many Russian units and reduced their combat effectiveness." Speaking from his location at the plant in a YouTube video, he said: "We are taking casualties, the situation is critical... we have very many wounded men, (some) are dying, it's a difficult (situation) with guns, ammunition, food, medicines... the situation is rapidly worsening." The alleged attacks come after Putin last Thursday declared Mariupol had been "liberated" and publicly told his defence minister to call off the storming of the Azovstal plant and to "block it off" instead so as to save the lives of Russian soldiers. Konstantin Ivaschenko, the official designated mayor of Mariupol by Moscow but not recognised as such by Kyiv, denied any fighting was taking place in the city.