Atif Amin became enraged after he was told he must pay a £4 charge for using the drop-off, pick-up facility. The taxi driver was adamant that his disability parking badge allowed him free entry into the NCP car park. After being told that he must pay the charge, Amin smashed the display screen of the payment machine with a torch, causing £2,700 worth of damage. Procurator fiscal depute Amber Feeney told Paisley Sheriff Court the incident took place at the NCP car park within Glasgow Airport around 5.20am on January 4 last year. Ms Feeney explained: “Witnesses were working in the NCP Main Office when the accused’s car approached the drop-off and pick-up point and pressed the intercom button. “He was informed he had to pay £4 to use the drop-off, pick-up area. “Amin advised he was dropping off his mother and that he had a disabled badge on display. “The witness further stated that the badge didn’t allow payment exception and the accused became irate and began punching the screen with his fist. “Amin then grabbed a torch from his vehicle and smashed the display four times, causing it to smash.” The court heard that the aggrieved father of two then went on to pay the £4 parking fee to get access. DON'T MISS Drivers could be caught out on routes with fewest EV chargers [REVEAL]Red diesel ban will create 'perfect storm' of costs as drivers warned [WARNING] NHS nurses furious at decision to bring back 'unfair' parking charges [SHOCKING] Ms Feeney added: “Police were contacted due to the damage done to the machine. “The amount of damage totalled £2700. “Police viewed CCTV and took note of his registration number and when interviewing the accused, he stated 'The parking man refused to lift the barrier.’ “He was not cautioned and charged at that time.” Defence agent Kirsty McGeehan told the court that Amin was dropping off a family member at the airport that day and he thought his disabled badge allowed him free access. Ms McGeehan said: “It is his view that disabled badge holders are allowed into NCP car parks without paying. “It’s his view that the parking worker was confrontational and he was told that he had to park and pay for his fees. “There are no signs at the airport to show disabled parking fees.” On sentencing, Sheriff Eoin McGinty said: “This was a very expensive car park for you as you now have a compensation order of £2700 to pay.” Sheriff McGinty ordered Amin, of Muirhouse Park in Edinburgh, to pay £2700 compensation at the rate of £120 per month.