Love it or List it presenter Kirstie Allsopp has taken to Twitter to compare her Location, Location, Location co-host Phil Spencer's physique to that of French president, Emmanuel Macron, after snaps of his incredibly hairy chest recently went viral. The revealing snap of the Frenchman was part of a series of informal photographs that were released just days before he went up against Marine Le Pen in the French Presidential election run-off vote. In view of her 427,300 followers, property expert Kirstie claimed that the Frenchman's body closely resembled Phil's. Kirstie wrote: "Whoever put Macron’s head on @PhilSpencerTV’s body, that’s a clever piece of photoshop. The candid snap was posted by Twitter account @GuidoFawkes and showed the French PM grinning at something out of shot while relaxing on an orange leather sofa. The politician had the first few buttons of his crisp white shirt open to reveal a chest full of dark hair. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fires back as Laurence Fox brands him ‘chubby slug’ Location, Location, Location presenter Kirstie couldn't help but compare the French Prime Minister's physique to that of her Channel 4 co-host, Phil. The star's followers soon took to the comments section to weigh in on the snap. @CathMath27 responded to Kirstie with a row of laughing faces. While @MooAndDrew chipped in: "Phil is a lot more muscular," alongside a kiss face. Kirstie has previously opened up on her relationship with Phil who she has presented the hit property show, Location, Location, Location with since 2000. The mother of three, revealed that she knows Phil better than her own property developer Ben Anderson as they spend more time together. Kirstie said: "I still know Phil better than I know Ben because Phil and I have spent more time together. "We’ll never be apart. I can’t imagine a day when he and I go more than a month without seeing each other," she said 15 years ago. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [UPDATE]Tom Parker's fans line the streets for The Wanted star's funeral [INSIGHT]'Heartbroken' Helen Mirren breaks silence after Rio Hackford's death [ANALYSIS] Despite their on-screen chemistry, the pair are close friends after first meeting during a screen test for Location, Location, Location. Kirstie explained: "I love Phil but I’m not attracted to him and I know he’d say the same about me. "A lot of people think we’ve had the odd sneaky snog, which just isn’t true," she said to the Daily Express in 2007. Kirstie also addressed the issue once again on This Morning after being questioned on the matter by hosts Holly Wiloughby and Phillip Schofield. Addressing the rumours, Kirstie said: "It doesn't frustrate me, it just amazes me! "We have the same things at heart but we are very different personalities," she added. "It sounds awful but he is no more my type than I am his type," she insisted once again. Location, Location, Location can be watched on All4.