Outer Range is making its way to Amazon Prime Video, giving subscribers another taste - besides the likes of Paramount Network's Yellowstone - of what life is like on a working ranch. However, with the Abbott family still dealing with the disappearance of their daughter-in-law and the death of another in the community, there are some mysteries that need solving. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know on the cast of Outer Range. Rancher Royal Abbott is the head of the family who concerns himself with matters to do with the protection of their land. But as wild revelations begin to unfold, he must also take even more care in keeping his loved ones from harm. Actor Josh Brolin has famously starred in movies like No Country For Old Men, The Goonies, Sicario and Avengers: Endgame. According to his IMDb account, Brolin will be in Dune: Part Two which is now in pre-production. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait Cecilia is Royal's wife and the matriarch of the Abbott family in Outer Range. She is a religious woman but as they face mysterious challenges, her faith is truly put to the test. In 2020, actress Lili Taylor starred in the detective drama Perry Mason on Sky Atlantic as Birdy McKeegan. Prior to this, Taylor has been in American Crime, Hemlock Grove, Six Feet Under and State of Mind. Perry is the dutiful son of Royal and Cecilia who is going through a particularly tough time as it is his wife Rebecca who has gone missing. As the drama goes on, he soon starts to get clues that could point to her whereabouts. Ozark fans may best remember actor Tom Pelphrey as Ben Davis in season three on Netflix. Some of his other parts have been in Banshee, Iron Fist, As the World Turns and CBS' Guiding Light. DON'T MISS...Kaleb Cooper slams Jeremy Clarkson for branding him 'tractor driver' [EXPLAINER]Reacher star Alan Ritchson on differences to original Tom Cruise film [CAST]This Is Us' Justin Hartley issues stark warning about Kevin's ending [WARNING] Wayne is the head of the Tillerson family and can be considered the villain of the series. Described as crafty and capitalistic, he is bound to do everything in his power to get what he wants, including Royal's land. Yellowstone fans would have most recently seen him in the latest season of the Western drama as Jamie Dutton's (played by Wes Bentley) biological father Garrett Randall. He also starred as Colonel Dan Weaver in the TNT science fiction series Falling Skies. Keeping a close eye on the town is Deputy Sheriff Joy who is hoping to become the next county sheriff. She is the first gay Native American to ever run for this position in Wyoming, which could cause issues for some in the community. Actress Tamara Podemski has been in Coroner, Unsettled, Guest of Honour and Run. Other cast members include: Rhett Abbott - Lewis Pullman Amy Abbott - Olive Abercrombie Autumn - Imogen Poots Luke Tillerson - Shaun Sipos Outer Range premieres on Friday, April 15, on Amazon Prime Video.