On Sunday, the 2022 French presidential election got underway with incumbent leader Emmanuel Macron storming to a first round victory. Hot on his heels was the candidate for the National Rally, Marine Le Pen, with a repeat of their showdown during 2017’s election now due to take place later this month. Mr Macron scored an impressive 27.6 percent of the first round ballots to finish on top of the 12 candidates who ran for the presidency. In contrast, Ms Le Pen walked away with slightly less support - 23.41 percent - but sealed her place in the second-round-run-off as the person who had the next highest number of votes. Both of these figures were correct after 97 percent of the ballots had been counted. The remaining 10 candidates, including Jean-Luc Mélenchon and the far-right TV pundit Eric Zemmour, have now all been eliminated from the election.  READ MORE: POLL: 'Would Rishi Sunak make a good PM?' - VOTE NOW The second-round run-off will take place just shy of two weeks' time, on Sunday, April 24. Tradition dictates that voting in France always happens on a Sunday, with both the first and second round dates for 2022 taking place while school holidays are ongoing. French presidential elections usually involve two rounds of voting due to their sheer scale.  Five years ago the incumbent President beat Ms Le Pen in the same scenario, claiming 66 percent of the vote to her 34 percent. When French residents vote again, Ms Le Pen is likely to be boosted by supporters from Mr Zemmour and nationalist Nicolas Dupont-Aignan - who has already thrown his support behind her. Mr Macron has received support from most of the left-wing candidates, though one-time socialist candidate Ségolène Royal said the president now had to "earn" victory. His team are already planning a series of big rallies and major TV appearances to boost his chances of success.  DON'T MISS: Rishi Sunak refuses to resign as inquiry is launched [NEWS]Marine Le Pen's Brexit warning to UK: 'Raise our voice!' [EXPLAINED]Biden blasted after Boris visits Kyiv to meet Zelensky [ANALYSIS] Mr Macron is the favourite to win the second round of voting with most pollsters, but they are forecasting a much tighter contest. Ifop pollster François Dabi said his company's 51 percent - 49 percent estimate for the run-off was the closest they had ever predicted. An Elabe poll has put the gap between the two rivals at 52 percent - 48 percent. Meanwhile, Politico has the margin wider still at 53 percent to 47 percent.  Mr Macron rocked the French political landscape in 2017 when he ran for election without the support of a major party and won. His quickly assembled centrist party, Republique en Marche, would also go on to win that year’s Parliamentary elections. On the other hand, this will be Ms Le Pen’s third attempt at becoming French President, having led her party since 2011. She has continued to campaign on the National Rally’s traditional line of curbing immigration and ‘keeping France for the French’. 