Prince Harry held a long-awaited meeting with the Queen and Prince Charles on Thursday during a covert visit to Windsor Castle. However, a former BBC royal correspondent has said that this week's brief visit further challenges the Duke of Sussex's explanation for not attending Prince Philip's memorial service last month. Harry faced heavy criticism over his surprise absence from the service of thanksgiving for the Duke of Edinburgh. At the time, a spokesperson for the Sussexes claimed security concerns were behind the Duke's absence. Royal commentator Jennie Bond told BBC Breakfast this morning: "It's a matter of great heartache to the Queen that she still has not met Lilibet, and Charles as well. "I personally can't see why they couldn't bring them this time, why they couldn't come a few days earlier. "I do think it was extremely rude, and there is no other word for it, for Harry not to come to the service of thanksgiving for the Duke of Edinburgh." JUST IN: Kate Middleton and Prince William miss out on Harry's visit She continued: "I cannot understand why he wasn't there. "He claims it was perhaps because of his security worries but yesterday we saw them being whisked through the streets of Windsor in a blacked-out car. "I mean, security, that can't be a true worry." This comes amid reports today that Meghan Markle and Harry will return to the UK "in the near future" and introduce Lilibet to the Queen. Speaking to the Mirror, a source close to the Sussexes said: "Both the Duke and Duchess are very mindful the Queen is getting older and has had health issues associated with her great age. "They have made it clear they are certainly planning to return to see the Queen with their family in the near future." The Queen has been experiencing mobility issues since recovering from Covid in February, which left the monarch feeling "very tired and exhausted". DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry to introduce Lilibet to Queen [LIVE BLOG]Meghan and Harry 'in and out in 15 minutes' on secret visit to Windsor [INSIGHT]Xi Jinping struggles to contain unprecedented Shanghai protests [VIDEO] Harry and Meghan's brief return to the UK on Thursday was the first time the couple have been on UK soil together since stepping back from royal duties in March 2020. They also reportedly met with Charles during the visit, as he was at Windsor Castle standing in for the Queen at the Maundy Thursday service. But according to royal commentator Richard Kay, the meeting with Harry's father only lasted for 15 minutes, starting at 10am. There has been speculation of a rift between Prince Charles and his son since Harry criticised his father in US TV interviews.