Gardening expert Monty Don has returned to the screen for the 2022 series of Gardeners’ World. Alongside his regular TV appearance, Monty often shares monthly gardening tips on his blog. This month, the gardening expert shared how to plant new potatoes, mow lawns, tidy up bulbs and plant lilies in pots. The Gardeners’ World lead host also shared how to plant out sweet peas. The 66-year-old said April is “the time” to plant out the popular plant. He said: “The time to plant out sweet peas into the garden is mid April in the south and towards the end of the month further north. “Sweet peas grow best in rich soil with plenty of moisture and in cool - but not cold - conditions. READ MORE: Weeds: Use baking soda to quickly get rid of ‘stubborn’ patio weeds  “So, the more you can enrich the soil with lots of compost or manure before planting, the better they will grow. “I like to grow mine up bean sticks arranged as a wigwam but any support will do from bamboo canes to chicken wire. “I plant two or three plants to each stick or support and water them in very well before mulching them thickly to keep them weed-free and to stop them drying out.” However, the gardening expert also shared a “word of caution” to gardeners looking to plant out pots of seedlings. DON'T MISSHouseplants: Use eggshells to ‘boost’ the health of your plants [INSIGHT]What to look out for when viewing houses - check natural light [UPDATE]Interior: How to update your bathroom cabinets to transform a house [ANALYSIS] The gardening pro said it’s best to “divide” the plants. He wrote: “One word of caution. The aim is to grow strong, healthy individual plants. “If you buy a pot with lots of seedlings, I think it better to divide each pot into two or three. “Then plant these sections at the base of each support so they have less competition and you should end up with more flowers.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea It’s important to plant out sweet peas once all risk of frost has passed which may vary depending on a garden’s location. Sweet pea seeds can be sown from March to May and October and November. They can be planted out from April to June, producing flowers from June to October. The plant should be cut back in October and November.  The plants enjoy having their flowers picked and put in vases. Picking the flowers encourages more flowers to form. Sweet peas like growing in pots in peat-free compost with a slow-release fertiliser. Gardeners’ World airs tomorrow on BBC Two at 8pm