This Morning-turned-GB News host Eamonn Holmes has often shared his health battles with fans over the years, most recently detailing his issues with chronic back pain last year. On Wednesday’s Breakfast with Isabel and Eamonn, however, it was a double-hip replacement the 62-year-old discussed after he, co-host Isabel Webster and guest Claire Muldoon read about former Oasis frontman Liam Gallagher’s arthritis battle which has left him too needing a hip replacement. And Eamonn candidly admitted that if he could go back in time and adhere to doctors’ warnings about his health in his 20s, he would after spending years in “horrendous pain”. Kicking off the discussion after mulling over the day’s newspapers, Eamonn said: “Go to the front page of The Sun, Claire, and this is rocker Liam Gallagher and time has caught up with him. “He’s 49 years of age and he needs new hips,” he added, which prompted Claire to bring up her co-star’s own health woes. “Well, that could’ve been you two or three years ago, couldn’t it?” she asked Eamonn. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ Recalling his own experience, Eamonn replied: “No, I was told in my mid to late 20s that I needed a double hip replacement and I carried on until I was 55, “Which was completely the wrong thing to do,” he added. “If I had life to live over again…” Claire then chipped back into the discussion: “That’s interesting because he’s actually saying that he might not go for the surgery or he knew that he would need this done because the arthritis brought on -“ Eamonn pointed out: “Well, his hips are gonna last him, unless he’s a marathon runner, his hips are gonna last him at least 25 years so what’s he waiting on?” “He doesn’t want to die,” Claire replied. “He doesn’t want to die on the table, he doesn’t want the pain. “So I think he wants to ‘Roll With It’ in a wheelchair with Debbie [Gwyther] pushing him,” she quipped. As Isabel let out a chuckle, Eamonn recalled: “I got two done at once. I got two whipped out and two new ones put in.” “Was it horrendous pain?” Isabel asked to which Eamonn confirmed it was prior to the surgery. DON'T MISS:Garraway erupts at Scully defending Johnson as he mentions DerekRayner squirms as Kate Garraway challenges Rwanda scheme oppositionGMB hosts sparks outrage over 'biased' Thornberry interview He detailed: “It was the most horrendous pain before I had them and then of course afterwards there’s recuperation and, you know, my wife [Ruth Langsford] had to be the nurse throughout this. “Bet she loved that,” Isabel cheekily chipped in, to which Eamonn admitted: “I decided to go to a recuperation centre for two weeks.” Claire kept up the jokes at Eamonn’s expense as he quipped: “I think Ruth paid for it! I think she sent it and booked it.” The GB News star saw the funny side as he too joked back: “She booked it for six months! I said I only need it for two weeks.” The panel let out a laugh before Eamonn concluded his story on a serious note. “The point I’m making here is that often this is deemed to be something that happens to people in their 70s or whatever it is,” he said. “No, this happens at all ages and stages of life.” Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays at 6am on GB News.