An author who wrote exposés about the Mountbattens and the Windsors plans a new book on the Duke and Duchess of York. Author Andrew Lownie said that Prince Andrew is “not exactly flavour of the month at Buckingham Palace”. Mr Lownie wrote a sensational 2020 book about the sex lives of Louis and Edwina Mountbatten, the Duke of Edinburgh’s uncle and aunt.  Last year, Mr Lownie also published 'Traitor King: The Scandalous Exile of the Duke and Duchess of Windsor, detailing the Queen’s uncle Edward VIII’s links to the Nazis'. The book also suggested that “far from a love story, Wallis Simpson felt trapped in a marriage she had never wanted with a pathetic and suffocating husband, one of the reasons she took several lovers, including the gay playboy Jimmy Donahue”. Now, Mr Lownie is planning to complete his trilogy of sensational books by setting his sights on the Duke of York and his ex-wife Sarah, Duchess of York. The Duchess of York still lives with Prince Andrew at Royal Lodge, his seven-bedroom mansion near Windsor Castle, this is despite their divorce in 1996.  Mr Lownie spoke to the Daily Telegraph and said: “It’s the third book in a trilogy about unusual royal marriages. "It’s going to be a full-scale biography of both of them, like the Mountbatten and the Windsor books, which, as far as I can tell, has never been written before. “I've no agenda, I simply want to tell the story of why this blue-eyed boy became a pariah figure. "He's the Queen's favourite son and she's made a point of publicly supporting him. READ MORE: Inside Princess Sofia of Sweden's 2,600 square feet royal villa   "We all trust the Queen's judgment, so maybe she knows something we don't? "At a time when everyone is happy to put the boot in, I’m hoping to humanise the story and see if there is another side." The book will look at “why the marriage failed between Prince Andrew and the Duchess of York and how their relationship has survived”. Mr Lownie added: “They are both clearly devoted and very loyal to each other. "He’s bailed her out many times and she has stuck by him. "It’s going to take me two years to write it and I hope to speak to as many people as possible who know them both personally. "I hope they will also speak to me.” The book is also likely to take in the fallout from the Duke’s relationship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein, but Mr Lownie insisted that "Epstein is a small part of a much bigger story".  DON'T MISS: Queen given fake hand for when arm tires during royal engagements [INSIGHT]Queen secures victory for Jubilee horse race [COMMENT] ‘Lost in admiration’ Princess Anne amazes with 20 engagements [VIDEO]