Professor Lars Jacob Stovner, author of the research undertaken by the Norwegian University of Science and Technology, said: “Headaches are really, really frequent disorders, [and] very prevalent in all countries – although there may be differences.” The results of the study have been published in the Journal of Headache and Pain. They suggest over half of the world’s population has an active headache disorder. Furthermore, analysis suggested around seven percent of the world’s population experiences a migraine every day and nine percent experience a tension related headache. READ MORE: New ‘killer’ cancer treatment stops one third of tumours growing Previous research by Stovner and their team had found migraines were the leading cause of disability for those under the age of 50. Stovner, who works with the Global Campaign against Headache said: “Many other pains in the body are increasing when we approach retirement. But migraines and headaches are most prevalent in the most active years.” A headache can have multiple causes including genetics, sleep problems, and overuse of medication. Stovner said headaches are something “health services have to take seriously. We must inform the public, the decision makers, the health services…about this very big public health problem".  Expert in migraines and Professor King’s College London Peter Goadsby said headache related conditions such as migraines could be horrible and disabling for those who had to experience them. He added: “We need more treatments and, frankly, Europe just needs the treatments now available in the US for a starter. “Research council investment is pitiful and embarrassing when you think it is the migraineurs who [are] a good chunk of current taxpayers.” Meanwhile, the NHS has several tips on how people can alleviate the symptoms of a headache. They include drinking plenty of water, resting if a person has a cold or flu, relaxing, and taking paracetamol or ibuprofen. On the other hand, they also recommend a person with a headache shouldn’t:• Drink alcohol• Skip meals• Sleep more than they usually would• Strain their eyes for a long time. Furthermore, the NHS suggests a person should see a GP if:• Their headache keeps returning• Painkillers don’t work• The headache gets worse• A person experiences a throbbing pain at the front or side of their head• They feel sick, vomit and find light or noise painful. A headache could also be a symptom of the Omicron variant, more information on the list of new symptoms can be found here.