The French election could go right down to the wire after the first round of voting showed very little between the current President and his right-wing rival. Emmanuel Macron had long been expected to enjoy a relatively comfortable victory over Marine Le Pen, but recent polls have suggested she has quickly closed the gap on him. The current French President has had several run-ins with Brexit Britain since he was elected into office in May 2017. The majority of these resolved around the Brexit with the Withdrawal Agreement, UK and EU trade deal, and fishing licences for the French to operate in Britain's coastal waters. But economic commentator Jeremy Warner warned a victory for Mr Macron's far-right rival might in fact result in an even worse relationship between Brexit Britain and France. He described her as a "French nationalist" who at the smallest sign of disagreement, "would would wrap herself in the flag of Joan of Arc and gladly make political capital out of conflict with the old enemy across the water". Mr Warner wrote: "As for Brexit Britain, I can't see why a Le Pen triumph at the polls would help the UK very much. "Remember, she is a French nationalist, and although sympathetic to the Brexit cause, the perceived interests of La France come before all other considerations. "Hostile though Macron is to the Johnson Government, it is easy to see things deteriorating even further under Le Pen, who at the remotest sign of disagreement would wrap herself in the flag of Joan of Arc and gladly make political capital out of conflict with the old enemy across the water." The economic expert also believes if Ms Le Pen succeeds in delivering a monumental hammer blow to the European Union, this would also not be beneficial to the UK. He continued in his article for The Telegraph’s Economic Intelligence newsletter: "Were she to bring the whole EU crashing down – which as I say I don't think is likely – I doubt that would be helpful to the UK either. READ MORE: Tory peer quits over Boris Johnson 'partygate' fine "An unstable, politically divided Europe is not at all in the British interest, especially at a time of war in Ukraine, which requires a united European response." In a blow to Frexiteers, Ms Len Pen has recently insisted she does not want France to leave the EU. But just hours earlier, Mr Macron accused her of a secret plan to drive France out of the bloc and create a right-wing alliance with Poland and Hungary. Discussing his rival's policies towards the EU at a rally in eastern France, he said: “She wants to leave but dare not dare say so, and that’s never good. DON'T MISSUkraine LIVE: Putin declares war on US and NATO [BLOG]Britons furious as row erupts after Boris partygate apology [REACTION]EU savaged for shameless ‘spin’ as it gloats over Brexit move [COMMENTS] “She says that she wants an alliance of nation states, but she is going to find herself in a corner and she is going to try to come up with an alliance with her friends.” The French President believes voters are too loyal to Europe to accept Frexit, and so Ms Le Pen would attack the bloc from within after teaming up with the populist governments “in Poland and Hungary”. He said: “It would be a strange club. "I don’t think it is a club that would be good for France. I don’t think it would be good for Europe.” Mr Macron believes MsLe Pen would follow the example of former UK Prime Minister and call a Frexit referendum. Making reference to his French presidential election head-to-head with his right-wing rival on Sunday week, the current French President said: “This election is a referendum on Europe.” 