Karim Benzema showcased his undoubted coolness in front of goal by pulling off a sublime Panenka penalty against Manchester City on Tuesday night. The Real Madrid star pulled his side back into the Champions League semi-final at the Etihad with a true touch of class on a classic European night. City were leading 4-2 heading into the final 10 minutes of the first leg. But the visitors were awarded a spot-kick after Aymeric Laporte had handled in the area. Benzema had to compose himself as VAR checked referee Istvan Kovacs had made the right decision. But if anyone was to doubt the Frenchman, they were wrong to do so. At a huge moment in the tie, Benzema was ultra-cool. City goalkeeper Ederson dived to his left but the Real star chipped the ball high down the middle to reduce the deficit to one yet again and net for the 41st time in all competitions this season. READ MORE: Piers Morgan names three signings Arsenal should make to 'compete for league again'  Reacting to the penalty, former England striker Alan Shearer said on BBC Radio 5 Live: "Oh my word. We have seen absolutely everything in this game. "Incredible piece of skill and bravery. To have the nerve and dink it straight down the middle takes some doing that does. What a game we've had here this evening!" City had raced into a 2-0 lead after just 11 minutes. Kevin de Bruyne and Gabriel Jesus put Pep Guardiola's side in apparent control. DON'T MISSNewcastle handed green light to complete Hugo Ekitike transfer with two rivals interested [GOSSIP]Arsenal could pair Gabriel Jesus with '£10m' partner to forge little-and-large duo [TRANSFERS]Mbappe to Real Madrid on the rocks as PSG ace breaks agreement with dizzying demand [REPORT]  However, Real had other ideas. Benzema scored his first of the night in the 33rd minute to give Carlo Ancelotti's side belief at half-time. Phil Foden restored City's two-goal advantage shortly after the break before Vinicius Junior again pulled one back for Real. In a true Champions League classic, Bernardo Silva took advantage of some good refeering to lash home and make it 4-2. But Benzema had the final say on the night with his outrageous effort. City take a 4-3 lead to the Bernabeu for the second leg next Wednesday.  Former City and Real winger Steve McManaman said Guardiola's side showed naivety to let a two-goal lead slip on three occasions. McManaman said: "You never really accuse Manchester City of being naive, but they were at times today. "When they were 2-0 up and 3-1 up, 4-2 up, they should have never let Real Madrid back into the game and I don’t know what it was, whether they were over confident because they were so far ahead and so superior, but when they went two goals ahead, they started to drop deep and even the penalty, Madrid had a chance prior to that and you are thinking, how has that happened because City should be controlling the game. "As soon as it went to 4-2, they should have tried to defend their lead."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 