Bruno Fernandes has signed a new contract with Manchester United, with the Portugal international now primed to remain at the club until the summer of 2026 at the earliest. The 27-year-old has contributed 49 goals and 39 assists in just 117 games for the team since joining from Sporting Lisbon in January. And his new deal is certainly a good move from the Red Devils as they plan for a brighter future. Fernandes is delighted at signing a new deal with United, saying: “From the moment that I joined Manchester United, I have had a special relationship with the club and our amazing fans. I grew up watching this team, dreaming of getting the chance to play here one day. “That dream is now a reality and an honour. “Even after two years, it still feels amazing to step out at Old Trafford, to hear the fans sing my song and to score in front of the Stretford End. It is a true privilege to wear this shirt and to fight for our incredible club. “There is so much more that I want to achieve here, and I know that is the same for the rest of the squad and staff. More than anything, we want to give the fans the success that they deserve. “We have shared some great moments over the last years, but the best is yet to come from myself and this team.” However, not everybody will be pleased. In fact, some may now be forgiven for fearing the worst following the club’s move. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here For three players, in particular, news of Fernandes’ contract extension will come as a blow - for differing reasons. Firstly, Paul Pogba. The France international recently criticised his second spell at United, admitting he was disappointed at winning just two trophies throughout his six years back at Old Trafford. But, behind the scenes, there’s still a chance Pogba will pen a new deal himself. The World Cup winner has been hoping for a pay rise on his current £290,000-a-week wages. Yet now United have tied down Fernandes on a weekly salary of £240,000-a-week, they’re unlikely to go too high. The 27-year-old has, in stark contrast to Pogba, been more of a hit than a miss since his arrival nearly two-and-a-half years ago. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players So United won’t want to rock the boat with their No 18 by then proceeding to give an inconsistent star more money than he’s currently on. If Pogba is still open to staying put, as has been reported, then Fernandes’ new deal will certainly dent his chances of securing the pay hike he wants. For Donny van de Beek, the Portugal international committing his future will also represent a blow. It’s uncertain what will happen with the Netherlands midfielder this summer, especially given how his loan spell at Everton is yet to pay off. Erik ten Hag, providing he gets the job, may choose to give Van de Beek another chance - having previously managed his compatriot at Ajax. But other managers might not. After all, the 24-year-old has hardly set the Premier League alight since touching down nearly 18 months ago. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Van de Beek’s best performances for Ajax came when he was playing in the No 10 role. However, with Fernandes now tied down, the former Sporting star will be expecting to occupy that position for many years to come. The Portugal international penning a new contract is also a blow to Hannibal Mejbri’s chances of regularly being in the team, too. The Tunisia international is highly-rated behind the scenes, with Neil Wood regularly praising his performances at youth level. Hannibal’s talent is said to be so high that he was even humiliating first-teamer players in training when he first joined from Monaco in 2019. Yet with United usually playing with one attacking midfielder, it’s hard to see the 19-year-old breaking into the side. Despite the fact Fernandes penning a new deal will impact Pogba, Van de Beek and Hannibal, the Red Devils are delighted that he’s decided to stay. And John Murtough, speaking after the extension, has praised the move. “Everyone is well aware of Bruno’s importance to Manchester United,” he told the club’s official website. “His goals and assists record is phenomenal and he has performed remarkably consistently since he joined the club. “Bruno’s work-rate, dedication and fantastic attitude are exactly what we want from a Manchester United player. “He is the ultimate professional with many fantastic attributes to drive the high standards required to play for this great club. “Bruno, like everyone across the football club, remains hugely ambitious and determined to deliver sustained success on the pitch to get us back to challenging for titles.”