The Queen stood without the aid of her walking stick as she held an in-person audience with the president of Switzerland at Windsor Castle on Thursday. The monarch was pictured smiling warmly as she shook hands with Ignazio Cassis and his wife Paola in her first engagement since her break at her Norfolk estate. Her Majesty appeared in good health, standing unaided as she welcome Mr Cassis and posed for photos with the pair. The Royal Family’s official Twitter account posted a photo of the three during their meeting audience at Windsor Castle, with the Queen pictured beaming broadly. It tweeted: “This afternoon The Queen received the President of Switzerland, Mr Ignazio Cassis, for an Audience at Windsor Castle.” Mr Cassis later said it was a “great honour” to meet the Queen, adding that it “symbolises the close and long-standing ties” between the United Kingdom and Switzerland. He added: “My best wishes for the Platinum Jubilee year!” Royals fans were overjoyed to see the Queen looking in good health following her trip to Norfolk.  Responding to the Royal Family’s tweet, one fan said: “The Queen looks gorgeous and cheery.” Many royal supporters remarked that Her Majesty was “looking well” and healthy as she returned to her busy schedule. Another Twitter user, Sherri Langlois, responded: “Her Majesty looks lovely and well! Her smile is infectious!!!”Royal fan, M Payton, said: “Really delighted to see HM looking so great and doing what she loves best......taking care of the business of the country.” One Twitter user added: “So good to see The Queen carrying on with business as usual.” Another remarked: “What a great smile and looking radiant.”  The Queen continued with her busy schedule on Friday when she held virtual audiences with incoming ambassadors from Windsor Castle to Buckingham Palace. Her Majesty received Dr Emmanuel Mallia, High Commissioner for the Republic of Malta, and Mr Johnston Busingye, High Commissioner for the Republic of Rwanda, over a video call. The monarch has been experiencing mobility issues in recent months and has not appeared at a number of official engagements, such as the Royal Maundy Service earlier this month where Prince Charles represented his mother. However, she is expected to make a number of appearances over the coming weeks ahead of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations just over a month away.  Buckingham Palace has said that the sovereign is hoping to attend the State Opening of Parliament in less than two weeks’ time on May 10. She has opened Parliament on all but two occasions during her reign. However, as has been the case for other engagements in the monarch’s diary in recent months, it is expected the Queen’s household will confirm closer to the time if she can attend. A string of high-profile royal engagements are scheduled to take place over the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend, including Trooping the Colour, beacon lighting, a service of thanksgiving and the Epsom Derby. It has not yet been confirmed how many of the high-profile events the Queen will be able to attend, although it is understood she is particularly keen to attend the Derby. 