The French President suggested he would only visit Kyiv if it could be useful in opening up a dialogue some 47-days after Vladimir Putin's troops launched their invasion into Ukraine. A visit to the Ukrainian capital would come just days after Boris Johnson met with Volodymyr Zelensky in Kyiv. Following a first round victory in the French Presidential Election, Mr Macron told BFM TV: "I am ready to go anywhere and even to Kyiv if it could be useful, if it would help start a dialogue." World leaders, including Joe Biden, have faced calls to copy the Prime Minister's visit to Ukraine. Ukrainian MP Kira Rudik told Fox News it would be wise for the 46th US President to make the "bold move" in copying Mr Johnson. She added Mr Johnson's appearance was "uplifting", "very motivational" and stressed "everybody admires Johnson". JUST IN: Truss issues Putin with chemical weapon warning after 'callous' Russian attack on Mariupol Mr Macron extended his lead in the first round when compared to his emphatic triumph in 2017. The French President received 27.8 percent of the vote, putting him over four points ahead of far-right challenger Marine Le Pen. Jean-Luc Melenchon, a far-left Eurosceptic, pushed the National Rally leader close with 22 percent of the vote. Eric Zemmour, a populist protagonist, also broke the French electoral mould by finishing in a distant fourth place on 7.1 percent. READ MORE: 'Boris has surrendered!' Brexit fury as PM CAVES on fishing and hands major win to France The mainstream political parties, who put up Valerie Pecresse and Anne Hidalgo, failed to bounce back from the 2017 poll as the centre-right Les Republicains and centre-left Parti Socialiste were confounded to their worst electoral results since 1965. Mr Macron and Ms Le Pen will now face off in the second ballot on April 24. Most losing candidates urged their voters to block Ms Le Pen from the Elysee Palace. However, Mr Zemmour called on his supporters to back the National Rally leader. DON'T MISS:'Task set' Chechen warlord unveils chilling plot for Kyiv [INSIGHT]Putin cracks down on spies as Kremlin admits heavy 'losses' [SPOTLIGHT]Russia shoot themselves in foot as nitric acid tanker hit backfires [REVEALED]