The blaze occurred at the GRES-2 power plant with flames spreading to the roof of the building. The fire was attended by 14 firefighters and a helicopter, as emergency crews battled to contain the inferno. The 120-megawatt coal-fired power plant is located near the village of Ilyinskoye.  Valery Limarenko, Sakhalin's governor, said on his official Telegram channel. "Fire extinguishing at the Sakhalin GRES-2 continues in Ilyinskoe Village. "According to information from power plant specialists, the flames are intensifying and the fire moves to the roof. "Firemen are working on the site. 14 persons and 5 vehicles are engaged in putting out the fire." The blaze has now been brought under control and extinguished, according to a spokesperson for the Russian Ministry of Emergencies. Sakhalinenergo, the major energy supplier on the island, said the fire started after engineers attempted to shut down a turbine generator.  Local authorities said there were no deaths or injuries, as thirty people managed to escape unharmed from the plant. They also confirmed there had been no disruption to consumers' power supplies. Sakhalin is situated in the Pacific Ocean, sandwiched between the Sea of Okhotsk to the east and the Sea of Japan to the west. It is located just off Khabarovsk Krai, and is north of Hokkaido in Japan. READ MORE: Russian politician jokes about NUKING UK in 200 seconds The island houses a population of roughly 500,000, the majority of which are Russians. The seabed in the vicinity of the island is also rich in fossil fuel deposits - both oil and gas. The Western energy giant Shell teamed up with Gazprom and Mitsubishi to develop the energy fields surrounding the island in a project known as Sakhalin-2. Three offshore platforms were constructed along with an onshore processing facility, 300 kilometres of offshore pipelines and 1,600 kilometres of onshore pipelines, an oil export terminal and a liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant. Sakhalin-2 supplies about 4 percent of the world’s current liquefied natural gas (LNG) market. DON'T MISS Putin on brink as Russian army 'may not survive in Donbas' [INSIGHT]Putin to face coup as men blow 'their one chance' in key battle [REVEAL]Putin desperately 'worried' about coup plot amid mysterious deaths [NEWS] Japan, South Korea and China are the main customers for oil and LNG exports. However, Shell is said to be in talks to try and sell its 27.5 percent share in the joint venture as a result of Western sanctions. The Daily Telegraph reported that the London-listed company is in talks with Chinese state-run oil companies CNOOC, CNPC and Sinopec over its holding. The discussions with the Chinese firms include the potential sale of Shell's stake to one, two or all three of the companies. At the same time, Shell is said to be open to potential buyers outside China.