At least 39 people have been killed, and a further 100 left injured, after rockets hit a train station in Kramatorsk, eastern Ukraine, by Russia, reports today suggest. It is the latest act of violence between the two warring nations, and while shelling continues across Ukraine, NATO leaders are continuing their debates in Brussels on what actions should be considered to support those in Kyiv — the agreement first being that alliance countries will supply the country with offensive and defensive military equipment. According to the BBC, cities in the Donbas have been targeted by Russia, with locals reportedly sheltering in their basements to avoid Moscow's rockets. Later on Friday, Prime Minister Boris Johnson will meet his German counterpart, Chancellor Olaf Scholaz, for talks on how to progress its support of Ukraine. Meanwhile, the European Commission's President, Ursula von der Leyen, is in Kyiv for talks with Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky. While nations and organisations such as the UK, US and EU are all backing Ukraine – including with the supply of aid and military back-up — Russia continues to attempt to regain a nation which declared independence from the Soviet Union in 1991. Tensions between Ukraine and Russia have been ongoing for a generation, and former Ukrainian President, Viktor Yanukovych, divided the nation further as he attempted to join the EU while simultaneously wooing Moscow with plans to keep close to them. The fallout saw thousands descend upon Kyiv and demand the President, who had originally been ousted from his position as leader following a series of "rigged" elections in 2004, go back to his promise, and allow Ukraine to join the EU. Netflix’s 2015 documentary, Winter on Fire: Ukraine's Fight for Freedom’, shone a light on how the bitter fallout resulted in a bloody, and bitter, uprising, with police fighting the public and protestors on the streets. Its narrator, Cissy Jones, explained how the successful "peaceful protest" of The Orange Revolution, saw Yanukovych's election win overturned, but the nation soon struggled to find "economic stability". She said: "In 2010, Yanukovych returned. This time the election is confirmed and he regains full control. JUST IN: Putin puppet calls for Russia to attack NATO states "While promising EU membership to the public, Yanukovych secretly negotiated a competing alignment with Russia. "In autumn, 2013, a key milestone approaches as Yanukovych appears ready to sign an Association Agreement with the EU. "Yet, as the people look to the West, their leader turns to the East — and the future of the nation hangs in the balance." More recently, the BBC's World Affairs Editor, John Simpson, who is currently in Lviv, described the nation's current plight in its war with Russia. DON'T MISS:Sick Putin loses his grip on every front, says FREDERICK FORSYTH [COMMENT]Support for higher energy bills to cut off Russia – POLL [POLL]Anthony Joshua vs Oleksandr Usyk 'delayed as talks restart over date' [LATEST] He noted how some commentators in the West are even starting to claim the "Ukrainian war is pretty much won". Mr Simpson said: "One American military historian says he knows of no parallel to a major power like Russia invading a country at the time of its choosing and failing so utterly. "Here in Ukraine, though, people aren't nearly so confident. "They think they're in for a long slog, which will end either with a clear defeat for Russia, or - alternatively - when [Russian] President Vladimir Putin feels he has gained enough Ukrainian territory to be able to claim victory." Mr Zelensky has continued to demand NATO increase its speed in deciding what course of action it will take over the ongoing conflict. The governor of Lviv, Maksym Kozytsky, a close ally of the President, said: "In my opinion, from the West there is a policy of double standards and cowardice. "It's cowardice not to call a spade a spade. And cowardice not to take any position. And cowardice leads to tragedies." Ukraine's foreign minister, Dmytro Kuelba, also pleaded with NATO, and G7 leaders, in Brussels asking for "weapons, weapons, weapons". His plea came a day after the US confirmed new penalties had been issued on Russia, including a ban on all new investment in the nation. Putin have also had strict new sanctions slapped on them by the US.