Manchester United legend Gary Neville claims it is "utterly depressing" how good Luis Diaz is. Liverpool signed Diaz from Porto in the January transfer window and the Colombian has hit the ground running at Anfield. The initial £37.5million transfer fee already looks like a bargain for Jurgen Klopp's side. Diaz has three goals and an assist to his name in eight Premier League appearances. He netted the opener in Liverpool's 4-0 win over United on Tuesday. Speaking after the match, Neville claimed Diaz has "everything" to succeed as a player at Anfield. And he admits it is tough to take from a United point of view. He said on the Gary Neville podcast: “Honestly, it’s utterly depressing. READ MORE: Man Utd hero Mikael Silvestre claims there are only five players Erik ten Hag should keep  “From the moment I saw him play in the Carabao Cup final, which was the first time I’d seen the lad live, until you see a player live and particularly when I look at him, he’s playing off the left-hand side and I look at it from a right-back’s perspective. So, I have a pretty good eye about what I wouldn’t have liked and what I would like – and I thought ‘oh my God, what a player he is!’ “His tenacity, his skill, his pace, his fight, his spirit, everything! And he’s cost not a lot again. They (Liverpool) have found another one!" Diaz was initially set to be a summer target for Liverpool. However, Tottenham were keen on signing him in January so the Reds had to bring forward their interest. DON'T MISSReal Madrid have a chance to sign a better striker than Mbappe and wound Barcelona [TRANSFERS]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel's industrious XI to topple Arsenal as two workhorses return [TEAM NEWS}Ten Hag has already failed first Sir Alex Ferguson test ahead of Man Utd move [COMMENT]  Neville says Klopp now has five world-class forwards at his disposal. He added: "They acted because obviously Spurs were going to nip in. "They probably wanted to wait until the end of the season.  Now Liverpool have got five strikers - we call them strikers, wide strikers, forwards, whatever you want to call them - that are genuinely world class. All five of them are. They are, honestly." Meanwhile, Sadio Mane has hit top form in recent weeks. But Klopp insists that has nothing to do with the arrival of Diaz.  He said: "I have known Sadio for nearly six years, as far as I know, he never needed any kind of competition to try to be the best version of himself. He played for a long time pretty much all games when he was fit and performed on an incredibly high level consistently. "Bringing in Luis I am not sure it affected that part of his game, I don't know. That was not the reason for bringing in Luis and playing in the centre obviously suits Sadio very well as well." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 