As a result of its original storyline, Blue Bloods has been a major hit for fans since it first landed on CBS back in 2010. With thousands of viewers tuning in to the family drama, an observant fan was bound to notice when patriarch Frank Reagan (played by Tom Selleck) got his children’s ages wrong.  A fan exposed the plot hole on moviemistakes.co.uk with a post which read: “Frank implies that Joe is the oldest child, but he was born in 1977 (1x22), Erin in 1975 (6x07), and Danny 1973 (2x17). “Erin also claims she wasn't born yet when the murder of Henry's friend took place in 1977 but she would have been about two years old.” This was a major error because as well as being a procedural drama, the series also revolves around family. Especially as Frank often beamed with pride at the fact his children followed in his footsteps and started a career in law enforcement.  READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait With the importance of being a close-knit family with Irish Catholic values, it seems unlikely Franks will forget his children’s ages. However, it seems as though Joe Reagan’s age played a major role in the continuity errors of the series. This was further exposed when a fan highlighted Frank often referred to Joe as the bridge between his other children Danny (Donnie Wahlberg) and Jamie (Will Estes). Which would imply he was one of the middle children, however, due to inconsistencies, Frank also suggested Joe was the oldest.  The Reagan children’s order of birth, with Joe being of the middle children was later confirmed when viewers saw his headstone which placed his birth date on June 6, 1977. Then in season six, Erin (Bridget Moynahan) celebrated her 40th birthday which meant she was born in November 1975, making her 19 months older than Joe. In both seasons one and two viewers learned Danny was also two years older than Erin, which suggested their order of birth was Danny, Erin, Joe then Jamie. Therefore, it would be a major error for Frank to say Joe was the oldest, which he has previously stated.  DON'T MISS...Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker 'should be replaced by Whoopi Goldberg' [INSIGHT] Blue Bloods season 12: Drama won't air for TWO weeks [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods theory: Jamie betrays Frank to report officer assault [THEORY] Joe being the eldest sibling would not work unless his date of birth on the tombstone was changed to at least 1971. Otherwise, this would mean Erin was 15 when she gave birth to her daughter Nicky Reagan-Boyle (Sami Gayle). Despite this, in season eight Frank could be heard saying Joe was his firstborn when he was telling a story about his sons in the seventh episode: “My oldest, Joe.” The show’s about page on the CBS website even lists Danny as Frank’s eldest child.  Nevertheless, as Blue Bloods is currently in its 12th season, it is possible there will be more plot holes and errors as the show continues. In fact, only an observant fan would’ve noticed Frank confusing the ages of his children. As the show nears its season finale, it’s yet to be announced whether or not it will return to screens for a 13th instalment. Express.co.uk will be updated with season 13 release information. Blue Bloods is available on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced. 