Royal expert Neil Sean warned a “rather prominent feminist is going to come out against” the Duchess of Sussex after she unveiled her first Spotify series that will investigate "labels that try to hold women back”. Mr Sean said Meghan’s bid to explore feminism in her Archewell podcast had “backfired” and claimed “a lot of female lead writers here in the UK are already saying we don’t need anymore whiney podcasts”.  He claimed the “prominent feminist” has questioned how Meghan can be a “front” for the feminist movement when she “gave up her career, her religion, her family, her country” to marry a man. Mr Neil told his Youtube channel: “It’s the feminist movement she is trying to attract herself to and that’s really sort of backfired and you’re going to see more of this in the next few days... because a rather prominent feminist is coming out against Meghan Markle herself and here’s the reasons why. “She claims of course, how can Meghan possibly be a front for this particular movement and as ever we have to say allegedly.  “She is basically saying here is a woman who gave up her career, her religion, her family, her country, to come and live in another country all for the marriage and love of another man. “How is that radically feminist? How are you basically being your own woman? “Now you can see this particular version of events point of view can’t you. It’s not very easy to digest when you’re saying well you’ve got to stand up for yourself don’t be the underdog.  “We know it’s not easy being the underdog, but when you think about it how quick did Meghan give in to being the underdog into giving literally everything away to become part of a family that she said she knew nothing about in order, of course, to make sure that she married the man that she loved. “What’s interesting here is depending on whether the podcasts are engaging and of course enlightening and as ever, the guests Meghan gets, I can see nothing but once again trouble against her because a lot of the female leader writers here in the UK are already saying we don’t need anymore whiney podcasts from women basically saying they’re the underdog when women now more than ever have a bigger say and are more powerful.  “There are more women CEO’s in the world than ever before. “So Meghan as ever is going to have to tread very carefully if she wishes to get the right tract for that all-important podcast.”  Archetypes will launch this summer, hosted by the Duchess of Sussex who will speak to historians, experts and women who have experienced being typecast. In a trailer for the Archewell Audio project released on Thursday, male voices are heard saying derogatory remarks about women including "she's a slut" and "a little emotionally unstable". Meghan follows the excerpts, saying: "This is how we talk about women: the words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us... but where do these stereotypes come from?"And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives?"  A male voice is heard saying "weaker, smaller, they are less intelligent" with a female voice saying: "People think I should be quiet and submissive". Representatives for Meghan Markle have been contacted.