The schoolboy, named Cameron Cowie, was playing with his friends in a park in Penkridge, Staffordshire, when the horrific attack happened, leaving him with severe facial injuries. A group of boys approached Cameron and demanded he hands over his £120 NVLTY jacket according to allegations.  Cameron refused to give it over, resulting in one of the boys producing a baseball bat, and hitting him in the face. The result saw Cameron receive a fractured and dislocated eye socket, and bleeding on the eye. He also received cuts and bruises to the side of his face and ear. According to accounts provided after the incident by Cameron’s father, Kyle Cowie, a woman came to his rescue after hearing a commotion and ran out of her house to help. Upon the her arrival, the group of boys ran off to nearby woods.  Such was the extent of Cameron’s injuries, he was rushed off to hospital following the attack. Mr Cowie said doctors informed him he was “lucky to escape with just injuries” due to the severity of the attack. Cameron's father stated the attack was so vicious, that one of Cameron’s friends who was present at the time, was physically sick after having witnessed the assault. Staffordshire police have launched an investigation into the incident, and have arrested a 15-year-old boy in connection with the crime who remains in custody.  READ MORE:The four victims killed in stab horror at family home revealed Mr Cowie now says his son does not feel safe in the area and has been avoiding school and going out due to the injuries on his face drawing attention. He said of the incident: “A lovely lady heard what was going on and ran out the house and the group of boys ran off. “Again, it is lucky my son has serious injuries but they are not life-threatening.“He was rushed to A&E. “He sustained multiple injuries including a fractured and disjointed eye socket and bleeding on his eye. “He spent all night in hospital on the Thursday and part of the day in the hospital Friday. “He is out of hospital but he is still not discharged, meaning many more visits to the hospital for him. “On one of these appointments, we discovered his eye socket has moved back slightly - so this is being monitored in case he needs an operation going forward.”  DON'T MISS:Trump fanatic claims Joe Biden is Jim Carrey in a mask [REVEAL]May's ex-aide lays into 'misleading' Brexit claim from Frost and Boris [INSIGHT]Durham University slammed over 'anti-white indoctrination' [REPORT] Speaking of the post-incident trauma his son was suffering, Mr Cowie continued: “We were due to go away Friday morning for Easter. “I asked Cameron if he still wanted to go away when we came out of the hospital and he said 'yes I want to get away from this place.' “We went away to a caravan park and attended the entertainment in the evening. “I could tell Cameron wasn’t happy and when I spoke to him, his reply was '(everyone is) looking at my eye and talking about me, I want to go back to the caravan'. “After that, we struggled to get Cameron to leave the caravan or car. “When we went to the beach and the amusement arcade, Cameron’s reply was 'I’ll just stay in the car because everyone looks at my eye'. “When we got back home from the holiday - which we had to cut short to go back to the hospital - I struggled to get him out of his room.”  Mr Cowie ended: “The effect it has had on Cameron, his friends and myself and his mom mentally is so hard to describe. “Not that Cameron will want to go and play out again for a long time but as a parent, when the time comes I will be worried sick about his safety. “I’m just so grateful to the woman that heard the commotion and came running out. “When I think about how bad it could have been, I’m just grateful Cameron got away with the injuries he did. “Every doctor and consultant we have seen has said do you know how lucky he is to only have these injuries.” 