After the Duke of Sussex did not make a trip back to the UK to attend Philip’s memorial service last week, his relationship with his grandfather has been examined by royal watchers. By not returning to British soil for the occasion, Prince Harry, 37, was the Duke of Edinburgh’s only grandchild not to be in attendance. He and his wife Meghan did not release a statement or tribute to the Queen’s late husband on the day, although Prince Harry did feature in a BBC documentary last year entitled Prince Philip: The Royal Family Remembers. Despite their close relationship, Harry had limited public contact with Philip after moving to the US with Meghan in 2020. In the past, unsubstantiated reports claimed the Duke of Edinburgh disapproved of Harry and Meghan’s relationship when the pair first began dating. Royal commentator Neil Sean has debunked the allegation that Philip had told Harry, “one steps out with actresses, one doesn’t marry them”, when he started dating Meghan as “simply not true”. The royal expert discussed the claim in a video on his YouTube channel and noted that the quote appeared to derive from an earlier point in Philip’s life. He told viewers: “That particular quote comes from way back in the 1940s, early 50s, when Prince Philip was – according to the gossip columns – becoming overly friendly with an actress at the time called Pat Kirkwood.” Mr Sean emphasised that “nothing untoward” had happened between Philip and Ms Kirkwood. He went on to suggest that the quote was used when the actress was starring in a local theatre. READ MORE: Prince Andrew fails to 'read the room' in controversial insta posts Mr Sean said: “Somebody has found that quote, put it towards him and Harry; it simply didn’t take place. And I’ve had that verified by a very close source to the late Duke.” Despite Mr Sean’s theory, the couple came under scrutiny for not returning to the UK to honour Harry’s late grandfather. While no reason for their absence was given by a spokesperson, it was speculated that Harry’s decision not to attend was due to his ongoing legal battle with the Home Office over security. A lawyer for the Sussexes claimed that Harry and his family were unable to return to the UK as they do not feel safe without police protection. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle 'likely to raise eyebrows' with new legal move - expert [INSIGHT] Piers Morgan told by Princess Diana she 'had no regrets' over Panorama [REVEAL] Prince Philip’s blunt advice to Harry ahead of his Afghanistan tour [REPORT] Many royal watchers speculated that the Duke would be in attendance because he returned to the UK last April to attend Philip’s funeral service. He was just one of 30 mourners gathered in Windsor for the funeral of the Queen’s husband of 73 years. The guest list for the ceremony was capped due to ongoing Covid restrictions in place at the time. Last week’s memorial service allowed an 1,800 strong congregation to gather together to honour Philip and his commitments. The service was attended by members of the British and European Royal Families, dignitaries and representatives from Philip’s patronages and affiliations. The occasion marked the first major event attended by the monarch outside of palace walls since last October. Attendees sang a rousing rendition of the hymn Guide Me, O Thou Great Redeemer at the service, which was one of Philip's funeral requests that had gone unfulfilled due to Covid rules.