Sheila had "always had a thing about not growing old gracefully". And with her daughter's wedding on the horizon, she decided to halt the hands of time with a gentle anti-ageing 'tweakment' - a non-surgical cosmetic procedure. She admitted: "I was very conscious. My jowls were really beginning to bother me and my cheeks were hollow." Visiting a clinic called CB Aesthetics, Sheila was "adamant" that she wanted a thread lift, which involves inserting medical-grade thread material into the face before pulling the skin up by tightening the thread. But her clinician Alex, offered her and alternative treatment. "She was absolutely brilliant because she told me that I would be disappointed, and that I was going to get puckering on my skin. READ MORE: Woman shares skin transformation after rosacea ruined her life "She went through loads of other options that we could do including filler in my cheeks, and as soon as I had that done it sort of lifted immediately anyway." Having received lip filler in the past, Sheila was aware that other clinicians would not hesitate to provide her with treatment despite it not being the best option for her. "That's what I liked about her. She could have said, 'I'll give you the thread lifts and take the money'. "I've been to other places where you go in and you think you know what you want or need and they just do it, and then you come out feeling disappointed thinking it's not the look that you wanted." After the filler drastically improved the appearance of her jowls, Sheila was then able to have the thread lift she initially wanted. While she is keen to maintain a natural look, she admitted: "You know what it's like, once you start doing this you think, 'Maybe it could go up just a tiny bit'." At her daughter's wedding, Sheila was a new woman. "I felt confident, and people couldn't believe that I was 66." When asked if she enjoyed having her photograph taken at the wedding, Sheila said: "Absolutely." Without them, Sheila confessed that she would have been "reluctant" to be photographed on her daughter's special day. "Obviously I would have done it, but I wouldn't have been particularly happy." The 'tweakments' not only had a transformative physical affect but a mental one too. Admitting that she would previously look in the mirror and "only see my lower face", the filler, thread lift and later botox meant that she could finally be happy with her reflection. "Before I would never leave the house without a full face of makeup. "I actually spent an absolute fortune on different makeup brands that were supposed to make you look younger." More content with her looks than ever, now Sheila simply sweeps her face with mascara and lipgloss before heading out the door. As for others considering 'tweakments', Sheila advised: "Go to someone reputable who is not going to give you treatment if you don't need it." Her other top tip for 'tweakments' is that it should not look as if you have had any work done: "Keep it natural. "Some people have so much filler in their lips that they look like they've got trout lips, or they have too much filler in their cheek and look a bit hamster-ish."