Kylian Mbappe’s potential move to Real Madrid is in danger, after the Paris Saint-Germain hitman reportedly asked for £83m more than he had agreed with Carlo Ancelotti’s side. The French World Cup winner has been widely expected to join the 13-time Champions League winners when his contract expires at the end of the current campaign. Mbappe has once again been in magnificent form this season, contributing 33 goals and 22 assists in 41 appearances for Mauricio Pochettino’s side. Despite sharing a frontline with the likes of Lionel Messi and Neymar, he is, by some distance, the French giants top goal-scorer this season. While he was not able to save his side from another disappointing campaign in the Champions League, he is spearheading another inevitable Ligue 1 title triumph. PSG are one victory away from the title, as they command a 15-point lead over nearest challengers Marseille with five matches to spare. Real Madrid have been pursuing the 23-year-old since last year’s summer transfer window, where they reportedly submitted a £171.7m bid for the striker on deadline day. However, any potential move this summer has taken a huge blow after Mbappe’s monstrous demand. JUST IN: Ian Wright's humbling message to Premier League Hall of Fame induction According to Spanish journalist Guillem Balague, Los Blancos have rejected a counteroffer from Mbappe which is purportedly £83m more than the initial salary they agreed. It follows a previous claim from Balague that PSG offered the former Monaco ace an eye-watering £125m over the next two years to convince him to commit his future to the Parc des Princes. Such a deal would comfortably make him the most highly paid player in world football. German outlet Bild recently claimed Mbappe was set to sign a five-year-deal with Real Madrid worth £40m a season. DON'T MISS...Man Utd assistant Chris Armas 'to leave'Man Utd stars have 'growing belief' about underperforming MaguireMan Utd star Cristiano Ronaldo sends heartfelt thanks to Liverpool However, this new demand has scuppered any possibility of a move taking place, while also raising the likelihood of Mbappe remaining at the French giants. This bombshell also proceeds Mbappe’s recent interview after PSG’s 5-1 victory over Lorient in League 1, where he stated a new deal at PSG was “possible”. “If I had made my decision, I would have said so,” Mbappe told Amazon Prime at the start of April. “I don't have to answer to anyone. If I had made the decision, I would have taken responsibility. “The good and the bad things, I have always assumed them by the way. I don't have to hide - I didn't kill anyone. I just want to make the best decision I can. “I'm still thinking about it. Because there are new elements, new parameters. I want to make the right choice. I know that for people, it takes a little while.” He later added: “Is staying at PSG possible? Yes of course.”