Tyson Fury is one of the biggest names in sports, and has amassed a hefty net worth, while conquering some of the best heavyweights in the world to establish himself as perhaps the pinnacle of the division. The Brit is set to face his native rival Dillian Whyte with Fury’s WBC title up for grabs in front of a sold-out Wembley Stadium on April 23. Whyte will get his first, and arguably overdue, crack at a world title when he takes on the Gypsy King, but Fury is the overwhelming favourite to come out on top. If Fury emerges with his WBC crown, he could clash with the winner of the rematch between Anthony Joshua and Oleksandr Usyk. The prospective bout between Fury and rival Joshua or Ukrainian WBA (Super), IBF, WBO and IBO champion Usyk would be an incredibly lucrative event as it would find the first undisputed heavyweight champion of the world since Lennox Lewis. It would be a crowning moment for Fury, who was appropriately named after former undisputed heavyweight champion Mike Tyson. Fury truly announced himself when he faced Wladimir Klitschko in November 2015, winning despite being the underdog to become the WBA (Super), IBF, IBO, WBO and The Ring unified heavyweight champion. The match went the distance, with Fury winning via unanimous decision - and the Gypsy King earned over £5m for his efforts. READ MORE: Tyson Fury's dad slams David Haye in explosive interview With enormous purses like the prize pot from the Klitschko bout, Fury currently has a net worth of approximately £23 million. The sizeable figure is largely boosted by his £21.5m minimum guarantee earned from his February 2020 rematch against Deontay Wilder. Fury could have earned much more had his rematch against Klitschko gone ahead in 2016. The rematch was announced, but Fury suffered from mental health struggles and proceeded to gain over 45kg. The fight was later postponed for a second time when Fury failed a drug test for cocaine. DON'T MISSHaye tips Fury to suffer similar fate to Joshua during Whyte fightFury to 'shock' fans during Whyte weigh-in as retirement decision madeTyson Fury's dad John responds to Dillian Whyte undercard suggestion In December 2018, Fury returned to the big time when he clashed with Wilder for the first time. Fury was guaranteed £2.3m and earned over £7m in total when all revenue was calculated - and the Gypsy King later donated his entire paycheck to charity. In the rematch, Fury was guaranteed the £21.5m plus an equal split of pay-per-view profits with Wilder. The Brit swiftly defeated the Bronze Bomber to take his WBC title, and would go on to fight Wilder to complete a lucrative trilogy with another win.