Novak Djokovic has sensationally been slammed as the ‘king of stupidity’ and accused of being ‘too arrogant’ by former World No 1 Marcelo Rios. The Serb has endured a tough year and faces a battle to enter Grand Slams due to his stance on Covid vaccinations. Djokovic is a strong sceptic of the vaccine and is yet to be jabbed. It meant that he was barred from Australia and unable to defend his Australian Open title in January. The 34-year-old was also unable to play at Indian Wells or the Miami Open. He lost his place at the top of the ATP rankings to Daniil Medvedev in February but he has since retaken the spot. That has not stopped former Australian Open winner Rios ripping into Djokovic, though. The Chilean did not hold back in his opinion of the 20-times Grand Slam champion, slamming him as the ‘king of stupidity’ and ‘too arrogant’. JUST IN: Wimbledon chance offered to teenage Brit who could be next Raducanu    Rios believes Djokovic is putting his stance on vaccines above becoming known as the greatest tennis player of all time. He told La Tercera in Spanish: “He is stupid, he's not going to be the best in history because of a vaccine. I had worries at first, but then I started travelling and I had to get it. I can understand being worried at first. “I don't know what the reason is, but if you're trying to be the best in history and you're going to give up the race for some vaccines, you have to be the king of stupidity. I believe that at first it was out of fear, but now he is being too arrogant.” DON'T MISS...Kyrgios rants at another umpire in X-rated outburst during Opelka lossEva Longoria joins Williams sisters for Brooklyn Beckham’s wedding Alexander Zverev punishment slammed by former Wimbledon champion In February, Djokovic told the BBC that he was willing to forgo future Grand Slam wins, and therefore becoming the most decorated Slam player in history, in order to maintain his position in vaccines. Asked why, he responded: "Because the principles of decision making on my body are more important than any title or anything else. I'm trying to be in tune with my body as much as I possibly can." On being deported from Australia in a high-profile legal battle between the star and the country’s government, he added: "It was very, very hard. While I was still at the airport, I couldn't use my phone for three, four hours. I was lost, really, I didn't know what was happening. "I was never against vaccination, but I've always supported the freedom to choose what you put in your body. I was never against vaccination. I understand that globally, everyone is trying to put a big effort into handling this virus and seeing, hopefully, an end soon to this virus.”   