Arsenal have reportedly tabled an offer for Real Madrid star Marco Asensio as they continue their search for attacking reinforcements. The Gunners are set for another busy summer in the transfer market; regardless of whether or not they clinch a top-four finish in the Premier League. Mikel Arteta's side are desperately short of firepower after missing out on a deal for Dusan Vlahovic in January. The Spaniard had earmarked Vlahovic as the ideal, long-term replacement for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who joined Barcelona in the final throes of the winter window. Alexandre Lacazette, who is on a rotten goalless run, is also set to leave the club at the end of season when his deal is up. With the Gunners already light on options up front, the pressure is on to successfully complete an ambitious attacking overhaul at the end of the season - and a new report from Sport MediaSet has claimed that Arsenal have made an early move to prise Asensio away from Real Madrid. The 26-year-old has been a regular in Carlo Ancelotti's team this season, netting 10 goals in 31 games. However, the Spanish giants are open to selling the attacking midfielder if they receive a 'good offer' in the summer. READ MORE: Thomas Tuchel's frosty exchange with reporter after Real Madrid loss The report outlines that AC Milan have expressed an interest in acquiring Asensio's services and submitted an early proposal, but Arsenal have also firmed up their interest in the Spaniard. The Gunners' offer is one of 'a couple' of proposals that have been submitted by English clubs. Asensio is inside the final 18 months of his deal, and Real have tabled a new deal that would see his salary remain at around €5million (£4.15m) plus bonuses. So far though, the deal has been remain unsigned, with the midfielder planning to hold another round of talks with club president Florentino Perez at the end of the season. However, Real are adamant that they want to know Asensio's plans before the end of the current campaign - and they would have no qualms over cashing in on the winger in a bid to avoid losing him for nothing next year. DON'T MISS: Benzema proves Ferdinand wrong as Real Madrid star bags Chelsea hat-trickReal Madrid 'remain confident' of signing PSG star Kylian MbappeLiverpool and Real Madrid 'keeping close eye' on Serge Gnabry as ace Asensio is the latest name to be linked with the Gunners, who now face a battle to secure their spot in next year's Champions League. The Londoners were in pole position to canter to a top-four finish before they fell to a shock 3-0 defeat against Crystal Palace on Monday night. That result - coupled with the resurgence of Tottenham and injuries to a couple of key players - has left Arsenal looking vulnerable ahead of the crunch run-in. And any late collapse would leave Arteta and the Emirates hierarchy open to criticism after they opted not to strengthen their squad in January. The Gunners haven't graced Europe's elite competition in five years - and falling again at the final hurdle could have major repercussions for the club's ambitious summer transfer plans.