Manchester United have told Ralf Rangnick he must qualify for Europe in some capacity this season, according to reports. The Red Devils have endured a chastening campaign so far, struggling under both the German and his predecessor Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. And, behind the scenes, the Red Devils hierarchy are starting to worry. United’s season recently hit a new low on Saturday, with Everton winning 1-0 at Goodison Park. And ESPN now say that, behind the scenes, Rangnick has been warned about the necessity of qualifying for Europe in some capacity. United had been aiming to finish in the top four, therefore ensuring they have Champions League football for next term. But Saturday’s defeat on Merseyside, coupled with the impressive form of Arsenal and Tottenham, means they’re now poised to miss out on that objective. United are also facing a fight to land a spot in next season’s Europa League, too, with West Ham pressing them hard. And with the Red Devils currently seventh in the Premier League table, that means they’re likeliest to be strutting their stuff in the UEFA Conference League instead. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz There had been some calls for Rangnick to play young players for the rest of the season, with his A-listers toiling with each passing game. Yet United are now likely to go full strength given what the board have privately told Rangnick as the end of the season approaches. The Red Devils last missed out on European football altogether back in 2014, when David Moyes was manager. Moyes had replaced Sir Alex Ferguson the previous year, having done well at Everton and beaten Jose Mourinho to the role. Yet the Scot lasted just 10 months as United finished seventh in the table. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players While playing in the UEFA Conference League would be a major downgrade on what they’re used to, it would at least be good for their finances. Failure to secure a spot in Europe whatsoever, however, would not. And whether Rangnick is able to steer United further up the table, with just seven games to go, remains to be seen. Speaking after the defeat to Everton, the German blasted his side’s performance by saying: "If you don't score a single goal in 95 minutes we have to be disappointed. "We made a good start to the game, had control over the game in the first 25 minutes. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here finances. Failure to secure a spot in Europe whatsoever, however, would not. And whether Ra : "If you don't score a single goal in 95 minutes we have to be disappointed. "We made a good start to the game, had control over the game in the first 25 minutes.  "We should have created more chances out of that domination in the first 25 minutes. “Then we conceded a deflected shot, a goal after a deflected shot, and after that lost a little bit of our composure and stride. "Second half we tried to add more creativity and verticality with our substitutions, but didn't always take the right decisions. “In the end we couldn't score a single goal in 95 minutes." And David De Gea was similarly critical, adding: “They played Wednesday and they were tired but they had more desire than us, that is not acceptable. “Very sad to lose. It is a disgrace from us. We should be winning this game.” United are next in action against Norwich City over the weekend. And they'll be hoping to win like they did at Carrow Road earlier in the season. United last locked horns with the Canaries back in December, in one of Rangnick's first games at the helm. And they won 1-0 with Cristiano Ronaldo scoring a penalty.