Kate Middleton and the Queen reportedly both have a secret trick in the royal style department. This includes stopping their skirts from blowing up in the wind. As two of the most senior royals, they are said to have some ingenious fashion hacks. When it comes to luxurious fashion, no one does it better than the British Royal Family. Over the years, members of the British monarchy have made names for themselves as fashion game-changers. This is due to their royal wedding gowns and coronation frocks, which continue to make history. Among the most memorable royal dresses over the years have been Kate Middleton's wedding dress and the Queen's coronation gown.  READ MORE: Kate and William's children tipped for 'visible' part at Jubilee bash However, aside from these big names from the royal wardrobe, the Queen and other senior royals have worn some more day-to-day looks which have been given less attention. The likes of the Queen and Kate Middleton have been known to rarely put a fashion foot wrong. Wardrobe malfunctions are rarely seen among these two royal women. Over the years, some experts and insiders have outlined some ingenious tips and tricks used by the royals.  The Queen, Kate Middleton and other senior royals have to do certain things to keep up appearances. According to insiders and fashion experts, it’s said to be common practice for the royal women to have small weights added into the hems of their skirts and coats. This simple trick ensures the clothing hangs perfectly. It also prevents them from blowing up in the wind. The Queen is said to have circular lead curtain weights sewn into all her handmade outfits. These measure an inch across and weigh less than an ounce. She is said to have passed on this interesting trick to Kate Middleton, who is said to also use weights in her outfits. The royal tip is particularly useful when getting off a plane as strong gusts of wind could lead to embarrassing photo opportunities.  Royal couturier, Stewart Parvin said: "I just pop a couple of weights into the hemline of her dresses and coats and it makes them hang beautifully. “If there is a flap in the coat then I will sew in one on each side of the split to even it up. "The beauty of a handmade outfit is that it hangs just right but, of course, we have a few tricks up our sleeve. “Sometimes if she is wearing a lightweight chiffon skirt I will sew in a smaller lead weight the size of a pea or even a length of chain," he told MailOnline. 