The Duke of York and his family is alleged to have received well over £1million on the order of former Goldman Sachs banker Selman Turk. Mr Turk stands accused of swindling Turkish millionairess Nebahat Evyap Isbilen out of £40million. It has now been claimed both Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie also received money from the alleged fraudster. A £750,000 payment transferred into Prince Andrew’s account by Mrs Isbilen was described to bankers as a wedding gift for Princess Beatrice, his eldest daughter, according to the Telegraph. The payment was made on the orders of Mr Turk. Mrs Isbilen is reported to have believed she was paying for assistance in getting a passport. She wanted help moving her assets out of Turkey where her husband is serving a life sentence in prison for his alleged role in a 2016 coup against Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the country’s President. A further £25,000 was paid to Princess Eugenie, again on the orders of Mr Turk, according to the Telegraph. The paper reports: “The York family have all been named in a High Court battle by Mrs Isbilen to retrieve her missing millions from Mr Turk.” Prince Andrew’s ex-wife, Sarah, Duchess of York, has received £225,000 from Mrs Isbilen's funds. It is understood neither Beatrice nor Eugenie had any knowledge of their parents’ dealings with Mr Turk. READ MORE: Prince Harry savaged over Philip absence The Telegraph reports they also never “knowingly corresponded” with Mr Turk in any way. Prince Andrew has repaid the money he received after Mrs Isbilen alleged she was involved in a scam, according to the Guardian. There is no suggestion that the Duke of York, Sarah Ferguson, Princess Eugenie or Princess Beatrice committed any wrongdoing or knew the source of the payments. DON'T MISS: Andrew to remain firmly 'off stage' despite settlement [REVEAL]Charles and Camilla's Coronation plans unveiled [REPORT]Meghan and Harry blasted for staying silent on 'dramatic' Camilla coup [OPINION] The transfer of £750,000, now reported to have been listed as a gift for for Princess Beatrice, was authorised in November 2019. Mrs Isbilen claimed Mr Turk “breached fiduciary obligations he owed to her”. A legal representative of Mr Turk responded in April last year: “He disagrees with her portrayal of the facts, including as to her understanding of the various dealings with her assets. “He states that much of what has happened is the result of Mrs Isbilen’s status as a politically exposed person and the consequential difficulty in dealing with her assets.” A spokesperson for Prince Andrew said: “We are unable to comment on ongoing legal proceedings.” The Duchess of York is understood to be upset her children have become involved in the case.