Greggs, the popular bakery chain, has issued an emergency food recall in Iceland, the frozen supermarket chain. The company has said some of its products are not fit for consumption. Bakery chain Greggs is recalling some of its two-pack chicken bakes sold in Iceland Foods.  This is because the pastries might contain hard plastic. The product, which is exclusively sold in Iceland Foods, “may contain pieces of hard dark coloured plastic”, the company has warned. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) added that only 306g frozen packets of the chicken bakes with a best before date of September 19, 2022, are affected. Iceland shoppers are now being urged not to eat the product, and return it to the store.  READ MORE: Prince William 'tried hard to play it cool' on wedding day A notice from Greggs posted by the FSA on Friday, April 29 said: “This product may contain pieces of hard dark coloured plastic. “If you have purchased the above product please do not consume. “Please return to your nearest Iceland store for a full refund. “This two-pack product is exclusive to Iceland and therefore the recall is only applicable to product purchased from Iceland Stores.  “No other products, date codes or batches are affected. "We are very sorry for any inconvenience caused. “If you have any queries, please contact Customer Care on +44 08081 473 447 or getintouch@greggs.co.uk.” The FSA added that the plastic made the bakes “unsafe to eat”.  Greggs is one of the most popular British bakery chains. It specialises in savoury products such as bakes, sausage rolls, sandwiches and sweet items including doughnuts and vanilla slices. It is headquartered in Newcastle upon Tyne, England. Iceland sells an exclusive range Greggs products in their stores. These include pasties, pies, bakes and rolls which you can eat in the comfort of your home.  Iceland have already previously recalled Greggs products in the past. They recalled vegetable bakes over concerns they may contain small pieces of green glass. The affected vegetable bakes were sold in packs of two and only in Iceland stores. Products sold in Greggs shops were not affected. 