Vladimir Putin has threatened to starve the German people in retaliation to the "brute measures" taken by Scholz' government. During a meeting last night, the Russian dictator spoke of the measure, including "administrative pressure on our company Gazprom in a number of European countries". He was referring to the German government's earlier announcements that it had transferred the ownership of the Gazprom subsidiary Gazprom Germania to the federal network agency as a trustee. Mr Scholz' government had taken the measures in a bid to save the country’s gas market as it faces emergency measures in the face of an energy crisis. This took place after the subsidiary had been transferred to various companies before being placed into voluntary liquidation by Russia. Mr Putin said the move is a "double-edged sword,” before announcing his counter measures. He said that Russia shipments of food exports to “unfriendly countries” would have to be “closely monitored". The barbaric leader hinted at nationalising Western companies still operating in Russia. Russia is one of the biggest exporters of essential foodstuffs like wheat and cooking oils. EU agriculture Commissioner Janusz Wojciechowski has already accused Moscow of trying to starve Ukraine by banning the export of these essentials. Now, Putin appears to be ready to do the same with Germany. Berlin has already come under pressure from Ukraine and allies in the European Union for resisting calls to issue an immediate ban on Russia’s oil and natural gas exports. READ MORE: Smoked salmon warning: Listeria outbreak sparks medical alert in Britain Europe's largest economy is particularly dependent on Russian natural gas. 55 percent of its natural gas, 52 percent of its hard coal and 34 percent of its oil from Russia. This January alone, Berlin purchased €2.6billion (almost £2.2billion) worth of oil and gas imports from Russia. For months, Germany dragged its feet on cancelling its new pipeline with Russia – Nord Stream 2 – despite pressure from the US. But once again, on Monday, Germany's Finance minister Christian Lindner once again refused to cut energy ties with Russia, warning it is not possible to do so yet. DON'T MISS'Potential to transform lives': Diabetes patients fitted with artificial pancreas in trial [INSIGHT]New Omicron variant symptoms: Why XE variant could be mistaken for common cold [ANALYSIS]STI – ‘unusual discharge’ is a warning sign of gonorrhoea in men, says NHS [WARNING] Mr Lindner said that it is "not possible" for Germany to cut Russian gas supply now, adding "we need some time". Speaking ahead of his talks with EU colleagues in Brussels, he said: "It is clear we must end as quickly as possible all economic ties to Russia. "We must plan tough sanctions, but gas cannot be substituted in the short term. "We would inflict more damage on ourselves than on them." Mr Lindner suggested that instead of outright issuing a ban on all energy imports from Russia, the bloc could consider gradually banning oil, natural and coal separately.