West Ham and Chelsea are notorious for not exactly getting along, and the away fans used Declan Rice as a way to fire a brutal dig at their rivals. The midfielder was used as bait as they poked fun at Chelsea for letting him go as a youngster. West Ham fans poked fun at Chelsea for letting Declan Rice go as a youngster, as they chanted "Declan Rice, he left ‘cos you’re shit" at Stamford Bridge. Rice left Chelsea at the age of 14 and was quickly picked up by West Ham, and now the England international is one of the best midfielders in the Premier League. Of course you can't assess every academy player correctly and some gems go unnoticed, but Chelsea's loss is West Ham's gain, although he is linked with a move away. Chelsea got the last laugh on Sunday though as Christian Pulisic scored a last-minute winner to beat West Ham 1-0. But the away fans still got a smile out of their midfielder as he was warming up at Stamford Bridge.  READ MORE: Man Utd boss Rangnick slams three decisions after Arsenal defeat Rice was brought on as a second-half substitute before West Ham went on to lose, but the midfielder still got a great reception from the fans despite reports that he has turned down a new contract. Rice still have over three years left on his current deal, but West Ham are desperate to tie him down for the foreseeable future. The midfielder has been linked with a move away, and perhaps the rejection is an indication that his future is elsewhere, but West Ham boss David Moyes didn't seem too concerned. When responding to the news, he said: "I’ve said it [where I stand] and I think we have said what we think. "We like Dec and he’s got three-and-a-half years to go on his contract so I don’t think there is any big panic. Maybe he just wants more money. People do turn down contracts. It is not unusual for players at clubs to turn down contracts, maybe it is a negotiation tactic."   But just in case he does go, he admitted something that West Ham fans will not want to hear, as he experienced a similar dispute at Everton with Wayne Rooney back in the day. "I sold Wayne Rooney and Everton got better," said Moyes. It doesn’t always mean that things don’t happen. We’ve said before that we’ve got no intention of selling." The contract that Rice has turned down was a third offer from West Ham, and it terms would have made him the best-paid player in the club’s history at about £200,000 a week, according to The Guardian. The midfielder clearly has no intention of extending his stay, but understands that the club do not want to sell him. If they do part ways with him though, then Moyes has already set the price-tag at £150million.  When asked about his old valuation of £100m, Moyes said: "The first thing to say is that he is not for sale. If you are interested, well, it will be north of that. One hundred was cheap last summer. "One hundred and fifty just now would be minimum but he is not for sale. What I do know is that it means there are only certain clubs that could even consider it." Moyes used Harry Kane's failed move to Manchester City as an example, as the Premier League Champions decided not to spend £150m on the Tottenham striker, and the West Ham boss thinks that every player has their price. "They said, 'No, there is a price and if someone wants to pay the price, then we would probably do it. If they don't then he's [Kane] not going anywhere'.  "That's it. They have kept him. We have got Declan on the best part of a three-and-a-half year contract. Just like Tottenham have got Kane on a contract. They control what happens." Due to Rice's current deal, West Ham are under no pressure to sell, so it seems as though if any club wants the midfielder, they'll have to meet the valuation. Chelsea and Manchester United are said to be very interested, but the price-tag may put them off. United are in desperate need of a new midfielder, and Rice has been drawn up as their no.1 target according to reports. But it will depend on whether they wish to take the gamble, and also if new boss Erik ten Hag wishes to spend a large portion of his budget on the star. 