Manchester United will be without Raphael Varane, Scott McTominay, Luke Shaw and Edinson Cavani when they travel to Everton on Saturday in the Premier League. Only three points will do for the Red Devils in their quest for Champions League football, having already lost important ground on top-four rivals Tottenham and Arsenal.  Nonetheless, they remain alive and kicking with plenty of football to be played between now and the end of May. On paper, there aren't many better teams for United to face than Everton, who are devoid of all confidence and self-belief following a crushing midweek 3-2 defeat at relegation rivals Burnley. The Toffees also need the points after being dragged within one point of the drop zone. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick has now confirmed that four of his senior players will miss the clash in a timely boost for Frank Lampard. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag wants to sign 'two of Ajax's best players' for Man Utd once named new manager "Cristiano [Ronaldo] is back again. Luke [Shaw] is still injured," Rangnick said. "Cavani is still injured, Varane is still injured and the same is true with McTominay I'm afraid." France manager Didier Deschamps said Varane was nursing a "small problem with his foot" towards the end of March. The World Cup winner was in the starting line-up last Saturday though when United drew 1-1 with Leicester at Old Trafford. READ MOREPSG 'could sell Lionel Messi and Neymar to MLS this summer' in surprise transfer twistThomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea bossArsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer after consulting Benfica Shaw was forced off at half-time of the meeting and he will remain sidelined for Saturday's trip to Goodison Park. Rangnick told club media that his full-back is still suffering from his broken leg sustained in 2015 in a Champions League game at PSV Eindhoven. Shaw is set to have an operation on Saturday to remove two metal screws from the right leg he broke, with Rangnick revealing he'll be out for two to three weeks. Meanwhile, Cavani could now miss the next month of action after picking up a calf injury while away with Uruguay on international duty. "The only player who is injured, unfortunately again, is Edinson Cavani," Rangnick recently said. "In his second game, he had to be substituted after 25 minutes with some calf problems. "According to the doctor, he will be out for a couple of weeks, four weeks or maybe even five weeks." United are now thought to be closing in on Rangnick's replacement in the form of Ajax boss Erik ten Hag. The Dutchman is now the frontrunner for the job and talks are close to reaching a positive conclusion.