Like England and Wales, Scotland will head to the polls on May 5. Scotland will elect all 1,200 councillors for the first time in five years. In the 2021 parliament elections, Nicola Sturgeon’s SNP won most seats - but can she replicate the success this time around? Current polling puts the “Yes” campaign in front with a six percent lead over the “No” camp. Despite the partygate scandal and the cost of living crisis, 53 percent of Scots want to stay in the union, and 47 percent want independence, according to a YouGov polls from March 31. YouGov also found that 37 percent of Scots would vote for the SNP in a general election. READ MORE: Marr says SNP independence dream died after Putin invaded Ukraine The voter intention polls are identical to last May’s elections, where the main party secured one seat short of a majority. Labour are heading into the local elections as the second most popular party, with 18 percent of voters saying they would be marking their ballot in Labour’s favour. Much like the rest of the UK, the Tories have taken a beating due to the partygate scandal and their lack of a reaction to the cost of living crisis. YouGov polling shows a decline from 17 to 11 percent of Scots who would be willing to back Boris Johnson’s party. Unlike the rest of the UK, no single party has control of any mainland council in Scotland. The SNP are therefore planning to make headway and gain full control - particularly in the areas where independence is most popular. Glasgow is the particular area the SNP will be wanting to snatch council seats. DON'T MISSSNP slammed as 'irresponsible' as Nicola Sturgeon snubs union benefit [INSIGHT]Labour election polls: Starmer at risk as Labour split erupts [ANALYSIS]Neil Parish resigns: Will there be a by-election? [EXPLAINER] Once a Labour stronghold, the party’s presence in the area has been all but eradicated in the last two decades. In the area, the SNP have 35 councillors to Labour’s 30, meaning only eight seats are needed to transfer total power to Ms Sturgeon’s party. Elsewhere, in Dundee the SNP have the highest number of councillors, and need a mere two seats to bag an overall majority. Renfrewshire and Clackmannanshire both offer prime opportunities for the SNP to gain total control, with just a few seats needed to flip the council. But the UK’s political make up could be completely upended regardless of the local election results as Tory MPs fear the Prime Minister Boris Johnson may call a general election for the autumn. One Tory MP said they were “deadly serious” in their belief that the Prime Minister could seek to win himself another term by calling a vote this autumn. They also argued that if Mr Johnson faces a serious choice between being ousted by his own party and putting himself to a vote of the general public, many believe he would choose the latter. They said: “He could try to run another anti-establishment campaign pitching himself against MPs in parliament, that’s what we most fear.”