Spring has arrived in the UK with brighter days and hours of sunshine providing the perfect growing conditions for young plants. With the new season in full swing, there’s an array of vibrant flowers and flavoursome fruits which can be planted right now to spruce up your garden, but what should you get going this weekend? Express.co.uk reveals the 12 things to plant - and why now is a crucial time for your summer garden. There are plenty of seeds to sow and young plants to dig in this month which will lay the foundations for your summer blooms. According to Gardeners’ World, the following flowers are ready to be sown from seed or transplanted into garden soil: Field poppies, orange California’s and opium poppies can all be sown from March through to May for a vibrant flush of flowers throughout summer and autumn. These striking blooms are ready to plant, with plenty of shapes and sizes to choose from. Plant from seed or buy young plants, and grow your cosmos in full sun and well-drained soil for best results. READ MORE: How to remove an oven door: Viral video shows how to take out glass 1589817  This fragrant flower is a sight to behold in the summer months, and April is the ideal time to transplant your autumn-sown seedlings into your garden soil. Wigwam supports and sturdy stakes are crucial to grow successful sweet peas, so gather a light twine to secure these fresh blooms as they grow. Yet another spectacular bloom, the Monarda is best grown from seedlings which are ready to be potted up. While growing this spectacular perennial, you should keep the soil moist and cover the seeds to prevent them from drying out. Other flowers to plant now include: While summer flowering bulbs were ready to plant out in March, there’s still time to get them going in your garden this month. The Royal Horticultural Society said: “Prepare the soil first, to ensure that drainage is sufficient to prevent the bulbs rotting. “Anemone coronaria tubers, for instance, need particularly well-drained soils.” Geraniums and atstrantia are still in their planting season and can be planted directly into your garden soil this month. The best way to grow herbaceous perennials is to look for strong green shoots when choosing your young plants and dig them into a nutrient-rich soil bed. DON'T MISS:Gardening: The ‘easiest’ way to grow ‘bigger’ and ‘healthier’ tomatoes [ANALYSIS]Monty Don divides fans by unveiling big team behind his famous garden [REVEAL]Gardening: Top five things to plant in spring [INSIGHT] Whether you’re looking to add larger trees or smaller fruit-bearing plants to your garden, there are plenty of flavoursome crops to choose from. April is the perfect time to establish strawberry runners which will blossom in just a matter of weeks. Plant runners in the ground in neat rows or use a bespoke strawberry pot, as recommended by Gardeners’ World. Hanging baskets are another great spot to raise these juicy fruits, but don’t forget to deter slugs and snails from your plants wherever you choose to grow them. Bare-root planting season has come to an end, but it’s time to focus on potted trees and bushes instead. April is the ideal time to begin growing summer fruits such as figs, currants and gooseberries - all of which are the perfect addition to any warm-weather dessert. Oranges and lemons can also be grown throughout the summer, so begin planting your favourite fruit trees this month to secure your harvest later in the year. Fruit-bearing trees are best grown in soil-based compost and do well in large pots, with plenty of room to establish a strong root system. According to Gardeners’ World, you should water the tree more regularly than you would if planting in the ground and top-dress with fresh compost each spring.