But, even with that in mind, we have seen a huge change in our PM’s fortunes since Christmas. Back at the end of last year, I wrote that by mid-December, “partygate, wallpaper funding in 10 Downing Street, Covid passports not to mention Peppa Pig at the CBI, had all made an appearance” in causing huge problems for the PM and his leadership of the Conservative Party. Now people are tweeting about how proud they are of the Prime Minister as he struts down Main Street, Kiev with President Zelensky. Even Lord Ashcroft, not known to be a big fan of Boris Johnson, said that “Since Partygate @Borisjohnson has started to perform well, not only on Ukraine but stopping listening to Woke influencers…”. The last comment was referring to the comments made by the Prime Minister in relation to trans people taking part in female sports and why he was rethinking the ban on conversion therapy for those people who are experiencing gender dysphoria. Sometimes leadership can feel like risk management and often those risks appear from nowhere – "unknown unknowns" to paraphrase Donald Rumsfeld, the former American Defence Secretary. Whether the Russian invasion of Ukraine should have been foreseen or not it has certainly provided the Prime Minister with an opportunity to be on the world stage again instead of the domestic downward spiral that he found himself in before Christmas. So, what has changed since those dire days of December and January? And will the voters at the local elections in May choose to remember those days as opposed to the international statesman which the PM has become, gaining plaudits from the most important people involved – ordinary Ukrainians? When I was writing about all of the PM’s woes in the wake of the North Shropshire By-election, I said that he needed to take a grip of Downing Street and to do that he needed a loyal, competent, strong team around him who believe in him and who he can implicitly trust. He must be able to turn to them for sincere advice and in turn that advice must be listened to and acted upon. I don’t know whether or not that has happened but looking from the outside it certainly appears that something has changed – finally – for the good of the UK. Many colleagues will still have “partygate” seared on their consciousness and it certainly doesn’t help them that we now have the drip feed of fixed penalty notices being issued. Some who wanted to replace the Prime Minister - and all leaders always have people behind them thinking they could do a better job – may have missed their chance. Certainly, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, one-time golden boy of the Conservative Party and doyen of Richmond seems to be further away than ever from the number one job. The one thing the British public hate is hypocrisy – that’s why “partygate” was so damaging – telling the public to do one thing when you are clearly doing something else. And let’s face it, the Chancellor looks pretty remote from reality when he is increasing taxes for ordinary citizens at the same time as it is revealed he has had a green card for the USA, for at least part of the time when he was in the Treasury. Politics is a difficult profession. It is one of public service but also one of high pressure and attention. Politicians are not infallible, nobody is, so the question is whether the Prime Minister has done enough to convince his colleagues that he is still an asset and that they still need him despite his shortcomings? - which they were always aware of. The May 5 elections will give us a glimpse of the answer to that.