Police have arrested a 43-year-old man on suspicion of murder following the death of the woman at the flats in Easton, Bristol. Officers were called to the address by a member of the public at around 12.30am and found the victim "with serious injuries consistent with a fall from height". No details about the woman, including her age, have been disclosed at this stage, Bristol Live reports. Officers, who used emergency first aid in a desperate bid to save the woman, will be given support from the force's specialist liaison team. A spokesperson for Avon and Somerset Police said: "An investigation is underway after a woman died following a fall at a block of flats in Bristol. "At just before 12.30am today (Tuesday 19 April), we received a call from a member of the public to attend Lansdowne Court in Easton. "A woman was found at the bottom of a block of flats with serious injuries consistent with a fall from height. Officers carried out emergency first aid, but sadly she could not be saved and was pronounced dead at the scene. "A 43-year-old man has been arrested in connection with this incident." Police confirmed to Express.co.uk this arrest is on suspicion of murder.  Chief Inspector Deepak Kenth said: "They'll (the officers) be given the full support of specialist liaison officers." The force is urging anyone with any information about the incident to contact them on 101 and give the call handler the reference number 5222091832. There is a large police presence at the scene of the incident, which is in an inner city area northeast of the city centre. Chief Insp Kenth continued: "A full investigation has already begun and our priority will be to establish how and why this terrible incident happened. An arrest has been made as part of these ongoing enquiries and we can confirm the arrested man and the woman who died were known to each other. "We’re in the process of notifying the woman’s next of kin and they’ll be given the full support of specialist liaison officers. "This is a close-knit community and we know a tragedy like this will cause a great deal of concern among those living nearby. We’ll be putting on additional patrols to give reassurance, allay any worries and to provide a visible presence in the local area, especially while investigative activity continues in and around the scene."  