British tennis star Emma Raducanu reportedly had just £44 in her company account before her sensational US Open triumph set her on the way to collecting a £12 million fortune. Raducanu became the breakthrough star of tennis in 2021, when she followed up a fine Wimbledon run - her first ever Grand Slam - with the Flushing Meadows title win. The Daily Mail reported that Raducanu set up Harbour 6 Limited in February 2020, and she acts as its sole director. The company filed its first set of accounts on Thursday April 14, covering the period up to February 2021. The files reportedly showed the 19-year-old had assets totalling £55,682 but owed creditors £54,488, leaving her with just £795. However, a sum of £750 was subtracted as ‘provision for liabilities’ leaving her with net assets of £44. The news highlights how insane her meteoric rise to stardom has been, culminating in the stunning Grand Slam title win which bagged her £1.8m in prize money. Since then, Raducanu has certainly taken advantage of her newfound fame to pen endorsement deals with headline brands including Porsche, Evian and Dior. READ MORE: Raducanu 'very proud' of BJK Cup win in 'meaningful' clay debut Raducanu spectacularly won the US Open as a qualifier in September 2021, becoming the first female British tennis major winner in 44 years. She was subsequently names BBC Sports Personality of the Year and awarded an MBE in the New Year’s Honour’s list. Her lucrative sponsorship deals are being organised and negotiated by IMG’s Max Eisenbud on her behalf, with the agent having previously worked with five-time Grand Slam champion Maria Sharapova. Some of the companies Raducanu has signed with include Dior, where she works with actor Anya Taylor-Joy and model Iris Law as a celebrity ambassador. DON'T MISSDjokovic Monte Carlo conqueror aiming to repeat Nadal achievementsZverev 'shouldn't be on court' in scathing Kyrgios and Medvedev claimFederer hopes for 'full season' shared as Swiss posts comeback efforts The teenager also has a deal with mobile phone giant Vodafone, believed to be worth £3 million annually. Raducanu is a global ambassador for British Airways, who will fly her to tournaments and training around the world, while she wore Tiffany during her US Open run after signing with the jewellers following Wimbledon. Raducanu has been signed with Nike for almost four years, although this deal was reportedly renegotiated after she burst onto the sporting stage last year. The Nike outfit which she wore when winning the US Open has been donated to the Tennis Hall of Fame in Newport, Rhode Island.