The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will visit The Hague in The Netherlands to attend the fifth Invictus Games, a sporting event founded by Prince Harry for wounded and injured military veterans in 2014. This is Meghan Markle’s first official trip outside the United States since quitting the Royal Family. The couple will travel from their home in Montecito, California for the Games which run from April 16 to 22. The couple will be greeted by Netherlands’ King Willem-Alexander and Queen Máxima despite no longer being working royals. A source told MailOnline that Meghan could join Harry on stage during the opening ceremony of the Games. They suggested there “would be a big surprise to launch the event”. They continued: “Meghan is excited to travel with Harry for the event, which is certainly close to his heart.” According to ITV, Meghan is expected to attend the event for “several days” before returning to the US, where their children Archie, two, and Lilibet, 10 months are due to remain. But it is unclear if Harry will make a stopover in the UK before flying back to California. Meghan and Harry relocated to Montecito, California after they stepped back as working royals in 2020. They are raising their two children Archie, two, and Lilibet, 10 months but are yet to visit the UK as a family. Harry has previously claimed it was “too dangerous” for his family to travel to the UK. He was criticised for not flying to the UK to attend Prince Philip’s memorial service last month. No reason was given for Meghan and Harry’s planned absence but the decision came amid Harry’s ongoing legal battle over security arrangements in the UK. Harry has visited the UK twice since moving to the US, to attend his grandfather’s funeral in Windsor and to unveil the statue of his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales. Harry said he wants to bring his children to London but insisted he "does not feel safe" doing so without the protection he seeks. DON'T MISS:Prince William to replace Prince Harry for important royal duty on behalf of Queen [UPDATE]Meghan and Harry told to 'drop royal titles' for book deals in test of new stardom [VIDEO]Queen will miss Easter Sunday service on heart-breaking anniversary of Philip's funeral [LATEST] Meghan and Harry’s daughter Lilibet was born in California on June 4 and is yet to visit the UK. Despite Harry’s recent absence at his grandfather’s memorial service a spokesperson for the Duke of Sussex said he hopes “to visit the Queen as soon as possible”. However, it is unclear if this visit will be a solo trip or if his family will make the journey across the Atlantic too. The Queen is said to be “desperate” to meet her granddaughter Lilibet. Royal author Brian Hoey, told Express.co.uk: “I have heard from people I know within the Royal Household she really would desperately like to see the baby in this way.” Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams wrote on Twitter this week: “"The queen is nearly 96 and she hasn't met Lilibet. “I would have thought that given the Queen's health has obviously been uneven and [she] has mobility problems, you would certainly think that he would make an effort to [see her].” Royal biographer Tim Bower told Closer: “If they don’t come back soon, and Lilibet doesn’t meet the Queen and Harry doesn’t celebrate her life and reign with her, it could be something he comes to regret forever.” So what do YOU think? Should Meghan and Harry come to the UK after visiting Holland for Invictus Games? Should the Sussexes bring Archie and Lilibet home to the UK? Should Harry bring Lilibet to meet the Queen? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.