Princesses Beatrice, 33, and Eugenie, 31, attended the Lord Mayor’s Platinum Jubilee Curry Lunch in aid of supporting all of the Queen’s armed forces. The event took place on Thursday, April 7, and the two Princesses came in full glam for the occasion. Princess Beatrice chose to re-wear a forest green dress that she wore to Ascot in 2019.  The dress is a Cefinn ‘Mia’ belted satin midi dress which looks incredibly fitted on the Princess. The sleeveless number features a vertical gap on her collarbone and is roughly knee-length. The Cefinn founder is Samantha Cameron, the wife of former Prime Minister David Cameron. This 'Mia' dress is made from silk-satin so will not crease, which would have been perfect for the Princess at the lunch party.  The keyhole gap in the front of the dress reveals just the right amount of skin without being inappropriate for the royal. Meanwhile, the sash helps define the Princess’ tight waist. Eugenie appeared to be wearing a pair of Gianvito Rossi 105 suede pump heels. These are the same pair rocked by Kate Middleton on occasion.  The shoes retail for a whopping £560 from Net-A-Porter. Eugenie’s hair was lightly curled into small ringlets, with one side swept behind her ear for a professional look. On the other hand, Princess Beatrice donned a black and red floral dress for the occasion and looked equally glamorous. The Princess paired the dress with her chic, elegant black Tommy Hilfiger blazer.  Beatrice decided to wear her hair down straight, which made a contrast from her tight curls at Prince Philip’s memorial service last week. Both Princesses decided to stick with natural makeup for the occasion with nude lipstick. This was the second time Eugenie attended the Curry Lunch, last attending in 2018. However it marked Beatrice’s first time to the event.  A few royal fans took to social media to discuss the two Princess’ outfits. Twitter user @Speakertime21 said: “The girls look lovely!” Another royal fan, @mayorclare added: “The Princesses look great.” Royal watcher @HannanAli1_ commented saying: “Love this.” 