The Duchess of Sussex publicly declared her love for her "incredible" husband in front of an audience of thousands in the Netherlands on Saturday evening. The couple went on to make a sweet public display of affection as they shared a kiss on stage. Harry appeared emotional before his speech at the event in The Hague, saying: "Thank you my love." The loved-up exchange between the couple prompted an excited reaction on social media. One Twitter user, Daisy Hart, wrote: "OK, I'm bawling my eyes out! The love Meghan has for her husband Prince Harry, & him for her... Not sure my heart can take it! "You can actually hear the love & emotion in her voice. Simply amazing; this couple were created for each other." Another with the handle @OliviaLoveCena said: "Harry and Meghan sharing a sweet kiss before Harry’s speech. They’re so beautiful, I love them so much." A third Twitter user, Ennin Mercedes, commented: "They are the cutest!" Another, @meg_hazamor2908, said: "They are so sweet together… true love." A fifth Twitter user with the handle @Staci56073555 added: "I’m not crying. I swear I’m not crying." READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry share loving kiss A sixth, @neraksdrawde, wrote: "Lovely heartfelt introduction. I've always felt that she rescued him. I'm happy for them." A fan account, @harrysussex_, added: "And the prince kisses the princess." One more Twitter user, Patricia Li, said: "Love is in the air." Meghan spoke for a couple of minutes before introducing Harry at the opening ceremony. DON'T MISSMeghan Markle and Prince Harry ‘break tradition’ with public kiss [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry exposes lesson Archie should learn from Invictus Games [VIDEO]Meghan Markle opts for off-shoulder top to showcase £12k necklace [PICTURES]  The Duchess said: "It is my distinguished honour to introduce someone that I think you'll all be very excited to hear from. "He has also spent many late nights and early mornings planning for these games to make them as perfect as possible for each of you. "I could not love and respect him more and I know that all of you feel the same, because he is your fellow veteran, having served two tours of duty in Afghanistan and 10 years of military service. "He's the founder of the Invictus Games, and the father to our two little ones, Archie and Lili. Please welcome my incredible husband, Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex." The Invictus Games was where the couple made their first public appearance together almost five years ago. Meghan made her first appearance at an official engagement attended by Harry on September 24, 2017, when she attended the opening ceremony in Toronto, Canada, although the pair sat about 18 seats apart. The following day, they emerged hand in hand to make their first official public appearance together at the wheelchair tennis.