Driving lessons in England resumed on April 12 last year, after lockdowns forced closures, creating backlogs for both tests and lessons. The latest set of DVSA data found that prior to the pandemic, the pass rate was 46.4 percent, whereas now 51.9 percent of drivers taking their test pass. Seb Goldin, CEO of RED Driving School, said it wasn’t surprising that a “marked increase” in pass rates was “apparent” for theory and practical tests. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “The pandemic has created an environment which is encouraging success, with quieter roads and more determination and urgency to pass, following the severe backlogs. “Additionally, the statistics show that there has been a considerable boost in theory test pass rates. In the five years prior to the pandemic, the average theory pass rate was 49 percent, whereas the DVSA have now reported an average of 55.9 percent. “The pass rate can possibly be explained by a variety of factors including driver preparation, higher determination held by learners after considerable backlog, as well as quieter roads. READ MORE: Fury as police seize man's van for parking on the pavement “Although the closure of the test centres was undeniably a stressful time for many, it allowed learners more time for lessons meaning more time to prepare and practice before their big day. “Since test centres have reopened, there have been significant test waiting times. “The possibility of having to wait a long time for a re-test has likely been a factor which has created greater focus and determination on the student to pass first time.” Driving instructors and learner motorists have had to battle against a massive backlog of tests. DON'T MISSBelfast named as the best UK airport for parking – Full list [INSIGHT]Delight at scrapping of EU law that wanted sit-on mowers insured [COMMENT]Drivers warned of huge fines for drinking even in the passenger seat [SHOCKING]  This has been compared by some to the DVLA backlog of paper driving licence applications, which the Government agency has been trying to deal with since the pandemic began. In January, the RAC estimated that learner drivers would face a 10-month wait before they can take their test. Despite this, some industry experts have predicted that the driving test backlog could last more than 12 months, with some even predicting it could last until 2024. Mr Goldin also commented on the backlog of driving tests, saying young drivers will be more confident given the extra time they have had. He added: “The DVSA has been working hard to encourage driving instructors throughout the UK not to waste valuable test slots by taking unprepared students to test. “There are no signs of this changing, meaning that the backlog shouldn’t have an impacting effect on this rate. “Here at RED, we have a strict policy on only allowing students to take their test when we are confident that they are fully prepared to pass. “The DVSA is also discussing the possibility of publishing pass rates for each instructor meaning that learners would be privy to information such as the previous success rates of potential instructors. “It is hopeful that the commitment shown by the DVSA will mean we will continue to see pass rates of over 50 percent in the future,” he told Express.co.uk. Previously, the DVSA had been trying to recruit 300 examiners to ease the backlog, as well as calling on recently retired examiners to return to the profession. They are also offering learners the chance to take their tests on the weekends and on bank holidays. Some driving instructors have said this is the worst crisis they have seen throughout their careers, as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.