The Prime Minister held talks with Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky, after which the Government pledged to send 120 armoured vehicles and anti-ship missiles. Senior officials in the Ukrainian President’s administration praised the UK for its support during the war. Now the powerful show of diplomatic support has won the praise of Britons as well, saying that it makes them “proud of my country” and hopes that other world leaders “match” the courage of Mr Johnson. Commenting on the Express.co.uk website, FrattonEnd said: “The UK is just SO brilliant. I am so proud of my country and our PM.” They added: “The EU meanwhile is sending Putin €1billion a week, whilst sending Ukraine out of date and malfunctioning weapons and some helmets (which is a rather good analogy for the EU and its leadership really).” When the EU and Germany reversed their long-held foreign policy of not supply weapons to an active combatant, Germany sent 2,700 Soviet surface-to-air rockets to Ukraine, of which 700 were unusable after being stored in mouldy boxes for decades, according to Der Spiegel. READ MORE: Joe Biden missing in action while Boris walks streets of war-torn Kyiv Prior to its change of heart, in January, Germany offered Ukraine 5,000 protective helmets in the face of a then rising threat on the Russian border. At the time, Vitali Klitschko, the former world heavyweight boxer and Kyiv Mayor, described the offer as a “joke”, telling German newspaper Bild: “The behaviour of the German Government leaves me speechless. “The defence ministry apparently hasn’t realised that we are confronted with perfectly equipped Russian forces that can start another invasion of Ukraine at any time. What kind of support will Germany send next, pillows?” Reacting to Mr Johnson’s trip to Kyiv, Sterling77a wrote: “Well done Boris, a physical demonstration of friendship and support for the entire Ukraine nation.” Meanwhile, Mydoctor1 commented: “Well done Boris! Ignore the bleaters, you’ll never get things right for them.” They added: “Let’s hope the rest of the world shows a bit of courage, soon, to match yours, Boris.” And Jayne Challinor said: “Anything that gives [or] shows support and gives encouragement for the brave Ukrainians is welcome in my book and going there in person is not an empty gesture as so many of the trolls on here would have you believe.” She noted that “we, as a country have been there for these people from the beginning”. DON'T MISS Brexit ‘silver lining’ for businesses ‘no benefit for UK consumers’ [ANALYSIS] Marine Le Pen's Brexit warning to UK: 'Raise our voice!' [INSIGHT] Rishi Sunak refuses to resign as inquiry is launched [REPORT] A Downing Street spokesperson said that Mr Johnson had travelled to Ukraine to meet Mr Zelensky “in person, in a show of solidarity with the Ukrainian people”. Mr Johnson said of his visit: “It is a privilege to be able to travel to Ukraine and meet President Zelensky in person in Kyiv today. Ukraine has defied the odds and pushed back Russian forces from the gates of Kyiv, achieving the greatest feat of arms of the 21st century. “It is because of President Zelensky’s resolute leadership and the invincible heroism and courage of the Ukrainian people that Putin’s monstrous aims are being thwarted. “I made clear today that the United Kingdom stands unwaveringly with them in this ongoing fight, and we are in it for the long run. “We are stepping up our own military and economic support and convening a global alliance to bring this tragedy to an end, and ensure Ukraine survives and thrives as a free and sovereign nation.” However, not all were so commendatory of the Prime Minister’s surprise trip to the battle-torn eastern European nation. ThornInTheSide responded to the news: “Boris! Over here. Yeah, here. There’s another country that desperately needs your attention. Ours! “How about spending a bit of your time instead of virtue signalling, solving some of our problems?” Woff Woff said: “It was worth it for Boris – just for the photoshoot.”