The sixth season of Outlander is coming to an end, and so could Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) and his wife Claire’s (Caitriona Balfe) safety on Fraser’s Ridge. In the latest promo for the Starz show’s season finale, I Am Not Alone, the time-travelling healer and the Scottish Highlander prepare to stand their ground against Richard Brown (Chris Larkin) and members of their own community. But could it lead to a departure from Fraser's Ridge? Express.co.uk has all the clues from the promo to support the theory. Jamie and Claire may have to flee their home following an assault from Richard’s men in Outlander’s upcoming finale. A recent teaser trailer for episode eight sees the Frasers fighting for their lives while considering an impossible decision. With the American Revolution looming near, the family may realise their home is no longer the safest place to be when the war arrives on their doorstep. In the new promo, Richard and his men attempt to take Claire in for the murder of Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds). READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ The young newcomer to the Ridge was found with her throat slit after poisoning Claire in a misguided attempt to seduce Jamie. Despite trying desperately to save Malva’s baby, Claire has nonetheless found herself the prime suspect in the investigation. Richard warns Jamie in the trailer: “I didn’t expect you to just give her up. But you will, soon enough.” Jamie stands his ground, and shoots back: “I ken what you’re doing.” Richard has had it out for the Frasers ever since his brother Lionel (Ned Dennehy) was killed by Marsali (Lauren Lyle) in retaliation for kidnapping and raping Claire in the previous season. He has continued his tirade against Fraser’s Ridge throughout season six and could finally get his wish when the latest outing comes to an end next week. The next dramatic shots from the finale feature Claire and Jamie wielding firearms and shooting at a hidden intruder. Claire asks Jamie: “What do we do? Fight to the death?” DON'T MISS:Britain’s Got Talent viewers call out ‘staged’ water escape [REACTION]Yellowstone’s Kayce star drops update on series’ future [INTERVIEW]Moon Knight: Oscar Isaac wanted viewers ‘to feel drugged’ [INSIGHT] “Where is everybody else?” she then inquires in a hushed tone. Jamie warns: “If they’re not here by now, Claire, they won’t be coming.” With the Brownsville gang about to drive them away from their home, the Frasers will apparently try unsuccessfully to call in reinforcements to aid their upcoming struggle. Unfortunately, it seems no one will answer their call, and the people of Fraser’s Ridge could even turn on their own community leaders. The next shot reveals a mob holding torches and one man shouting: “Justice for the murdered lass!” As the situation grows more and more desperate, Claire and Jamie may be left with just one option. “We must go together,” Jamie whispers. “I dinna see any other way.” Could this be the end of Fraser’s Ridge? Or will Claire and Jamie’s allies come to their aid to save their home at the last second? Season six will come to a heart-stopping conclusion in just over a week’s time, though thankfully work on Outlander’s seventh instalment is already underway. Outlander season 6 concludes Sunday, May 1 on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.