Manchester United were reportedly rejected by Antonio Rudiger despite offering the defender a 'whopping' salary package. Rudiger will leave Chesea at the end of the season when his contract at Stamford Bridge expires. While there is still a month to run on the current campaign, it appears that the German has already moved to secure his future. As one of the standout defenders of the past two seasons, Rudiger was flooded with offers. According to SPORT1, one of these offers came from Chelsea's Premier League rivals United, who are desperate to boost their defensive options. That desperation was reflected in the offer that United made, with the Red Devils said to have been the 'highest bidder'. It is stated that United offered Rudiger a contract worth in the region of £8.4million per year, 'significantly' more than Chelsea's final offer. Despite the hefty pay rise that the Red Devils were offering though, Rudiger rejected a move to Old Trafford. READ MORE: Real Madrid to complete Rudiger transfer this week amid Man Utd talk Instead of turning out in the red of United next season, Rudiger is instead set to be wearing the white of Real Madrid. SPORT1 report he is in 'advanced negotiations' over a move to the Bernabeu, with the 29-year-old set to sign a four-year contract. The German is yet to sign the deal, but he is said to 'want' to make his final decision in the next few days. His connection to Chelsea means that he does not want to play for another English club, a stance that ultimately scuppered United's bid. DON'T MISS: Chelsea have Antonio Rudiger transfer belief amid Real Madrid talks (INSIGHT)Chelsea star Antonio Rudiger 'one step away' from Real Madrid move (NEWS)Chelsea ace Antonio Rudiger’s stance on sealing Man Utd transfer (TRANSFERS) Madrid are also competing with Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain to sign Rudiger, with the current La Liga table toppers appearing to be ahead of their rivals. It would mark the second major free agent defensive signing in two summers for Madrid, who brought in David Alaba from Bayern Munich last year. One club who are out of the running to sign Rudiger though is Alaba's former club Bayern. It is stated that the Bundesliga giants made their approach 'too late' with the other interested parties having already done 'convincing work'.