The royal couple wish to keep their children “down to earth” and have “taught them to be graceful”, the source added. The insider said: “[They keep them] well away from social media.  “Kate and William will not allow them to have accounts, even secret ones. “They 100 percent disagree with young children having social media accounts.” The royal insider told Us Weekly that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have made George, 8, Charlotte, 6, and Louis, 3, “aware of their privileges”. They added: “[They have] taught them to be graceful…they don’t boast about their positions or have superiority complexes.  “[They] treat their peers with kindness and as equals.” The same source revealed some more about what the Cambridge children get up to away from the spotlight. Princess Charlotte is apparently very academic and even enjoys doing her homework. The insider added: “Charlotte is sharp and bright as a button. She is top of her class at reading.”  READ MORE: Prince Andrew was 'couch potato' before Ghislaine Maxwell friendship This is something she shares in common with her step-grandmother the Duchess of Cornwall, whose Reading Room offers book recommendations and author interviews on its Instagram page. Charlotte also has a love of acting and the arts like her aunt Meghan Markle, as the source said: “Whenever she gets a chance, she’ll put on a performance!” Her father Prince William told the ‘Take a Walk’ podcast in December 2021 that Charlotte and her older brother George often argue about what song gets played in their house in the morning. The Duke said: “Most mornings there’s a massive fight between Charlotte and George.  DON'T MISS:Kate and William told to be 'very careful' as royals risk fury [INSIGHT]Princess Anne recalled royal tour ‘nightmare’ in 1980 interview [ROYAL THROWBACK]Zara Tindall and Camilla turn on the style at Aintree for Grand Nation [ROYAL FASHION] “And I have to, now, basically prioritise that one day someone does this one and another day it’s someone else’s turn.” However the chaos in the royal household comes with plenty of fun for the children as well. William continued: “Charlotte, particularly, is running around the kitchen in her dresses and ballet stuff and everything. “She goes completely crazy with Louis following her around trying to do the same thing. “It’s a really happy moment where the children just enjoy dancing, messing around and singing.” 