This will be the first time that the couple are back in Europe since stepping down as working royals. As they are due to travel to Europe, questions have arisen as to whether they will make time for a visit to see the family, especially the Queen. It is believed that the last time that Prince Harry saw his grandmother in person was at the Duke of Edinburgh's funeral last April. Meghan Markle, who was pregnant with their second child at the time, was not in attendance at the funeral. Speaking on Sunrise, entertainment reporter Peter Ford discussed Prince Harry and Meghan's European visit and a possible visit to see the Queen. Speaking of the upcoming trip, the Sunrise Australia correspondent said: "What about going to visit Granny. "If they are in Amsterdam, they can get a JetBlue flight or a RyanAir flight for 59 pounds." Mr Ford added: "If they are worried about their carbon footprint, they can get the train which will only take less than five hours" The royal expert noted that the Prince has previously publicly said that "he can't wait to go and visit grandma as soon as possible". READ MORE: 'Emotionally needy' Harry 'utterly taken over by Meghan' as 'whole personality changed' In June 2021, the couple welcomed their second child, a daughter named Lilibet Diana. Speaking about the baby's name, the expert said: "[Her name] is the pet name that Prince Philip gave to the Queen. "They said we love the Queen so much, we want our baby to be given that name." Speaking on the Sussexes visiting the Queen, Mr Ford added: "I can't see that there'll be any excuse not to do it. "They are so close next week". READ MORE: Lilibet could meet Prince Charles and Camilla for first time in Canada during royal trip The Invictus Games is a six-day event and is due to take place between April 16 to 22. The Games is an international sporting event for wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women, both serving and veterans. Prince Harry founded the tournament after his own tour of duty in Afghanistan. It was originally scheduled for Spring 2020 but it was postponed twice due to the pandemic. Meghan’s attendance has only just been confirmed. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] Last month, they did not attend Prince Philip's memorial service with the rest of the Royal Family. Neither of them released any statement ahead of the memorial service. Despite no official statement being released, the reason noted for Harry's absence is believed to be down to his security concerns. The Duke is in dispute with the British Government over security. He has previously said that it would be unsafe for him and his family to return to the UK, without having police protection officers present.