Passover holds huge importance to the Jewish community and provides a chance for families to come together and celebrate as one. During the festival, Jews remember how their ancestors - the Israelite's - escaped slavery at the hands of Egypt, while being led by their figurehead Moses. For 2022, Passover will begin on Friday, April 15 and depending on where you live it lasts for seven or eight days. The festival always begins on the 15th day of Nisan, but because it follows the Hebrew calendar as opposed to the Gregorian equivalent the day it falls on changes slightly each year. Passover this year is expected to be particularly special in the UK, due to it being the first since the Covid pandemic was declared to not be constrained by various lockdown rules. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans on how to remove tap limescale with 2p coin  Rabbi Albert Sebastian Chait MBE told Express.co.uk that he believes this year’s Passover will provide Jews with “an opportunity to reassess or realign” with things that they missed during the pandemic. He said: “Society can forget very quickly, and this is an opportunity I feel to look around the table and give thanks to God for the blessings we do have in our lives.” One of the key requirements of Jews during Passover is that they must refrain from consuming, owning or benefiting from any leavened or “risen” foods.  In baking, leavening is the air that causes bread, cakes, and other baked foods to rise when they go in the oven. The reason as to why Jews must comply with this is all to do with the book of Exodus. Matzah, an unleavened flatbread, forms a crucial part of Passover and signifies the journey from slavery into freedom. While the festival is ongoing, it’s a common delicacy within a Jewish diet.  DON'T MISS: Kill weeds on driveways and paths with boiling water [INSIGHT]‘Perfect time’ to eradicate moss from lawns - how to ‘kill it’ [EXPLAINED]M25 traffic HELL: Drivers face one hour delays after oil spill [NEWS] Food in general makes up a big part of Passover with families gathering on the first two nights - known as the Seder. During this time Jews will sit around a table and retell the story of Jewish freedom from slavery, ensuring every generation is taught about God’s miracle of salvation. Mr Chait added Jews eat foods “that remind us of the ‘bitter’ times in slavery, salt water that recalls the tears of oppression and other foods that teach of the wonders of this time”. Foods which make up the Seder plate include shank bone (zeroa), egg (beitzah), bitter herbs (maror), vegetable (karpas) and a sweet paste called haroset.  Many Seder plates also have room for a sixth, hazeret - another form of bitter herbs. The Rabbi explained how this year’s Passover would remind him and other Jews of “how lucky we are to live in relative peace and security”. He said: “We only need to look at what is happening to the people of Ukraine here in the year of 2022 to realise how precious life is and that human beings have not often enough, taken the lessons of history to make a better future for all. “Hospitality is not just inviting the people whom we love to be with us. “For me, true kindness is to look for those who have not, or who may be lonely and bring them into your home - something I know which is happening at this time all around the world with the people of Ukraine.” 