Michael Jackson, one of the most successful singers of all time, died in 2009. Before his death, he kept 125 animals at his theme park home, the Neverland Ranch, including his most famous sidekick, Bubbles the chimpanzee. Thanks to his owner’s level of fame the chimp enjoyed a number of memorable moments, such as drinking tea with the mayor of Osaka and striking up an unlikely friendship with Elizabeth Taylor. In 1983, Michael is thought to have come across the baby chimp at a biomedical research facility in Austin, Texas. The King of Pop rescued the chimp from being used as a test subject and instead gave him a life of luxury in his Encino apartment home. In no time the pair grew close, with Bubbles present in almost every facet of Michael’s life. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty admits struggle as tells BBC colleague ‘ask for help’  Bubbles is believed to have slept in his owner’s bedroom in a crib, eaten with Michael at the dinner table and even learned how to use the bathroom when he became too mature to wear nappies. In 2005, Michael claimed the chimp and his other exotic pets even lent a hand with any chores around the house. He said: “They run around, help me clean the room. They help me dust, clean the window.” A 2010 TV documentary, Michael Jackson and Bubbles: The Untold Story, would later allege the star had expressed interest in having the chimp’s vocal chords operated on in the hope of enabling him to talk.  The programme also accused Michael of having a fascination with apes’ capacity for learning, keeping a human brain in a jar for comparative study. For Michael’s “Bad Tour” in 1987, Bubbles appeared in the video for the accompanying album’s ninth single, “Liberian Girl”. Bubbles also visited City Hall in Osaka, during the Japanese leg of the tour, to drink green tea in the company of then mayor Yasushi Oshima. On a separate occasion, the chimp sat down for a cup with the renowned Hollywood actress Elizabeth Taylor.  DON'T MISS: Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband  [NEWS]Cleaning: How to clean ovens using a dishwasher tablet - ‘easy trick’ [INSIGHT]Grass care: How to get rid of moss from your lawn using baking soda [EXPLAINER] As is the case with most home reared chimpanzees, Bubbles eventually became too large and aggressive to be kept as a domestic pet. Michael made the decision, in March 2005, to relocate his beloved friend to an animal sanctuary in Wauchula, Florida, known as the Centre for Great Apes. To this day Bubbles lives in retirement there, with his upkeep still paid for by the Jackson estate.  According to his keepers, Bubbles is now “a physically imposing 185-pound, 4.5-foot adult male” who is ”treated as the dominant male in his group of chimpanzees”. His troop includes “best friends, Ripley and Oopsie, as well as Boma and Jessie”. Michael is believed to have visited Bubbles in Florida on a number of occasions before his death. 