As many as almost half (48 percent) of 18- to 24-year-olds felt fed up of their home after just two months - compared to one in ten (12 percent) over-65s. The decoration, layout and location were the main things that triggered this boredom, while furniture and appliances also appeared on the list. But surprisingly, one in five (21 percent) claimed to be sick to the back teeth with absolutely everything about their home. A quarter of those who got bored blamed this on lockdown, as they spent so long in one place all day. One in three put it down to not having enough space, while 31 percent were fed up with issues such as damp, creaky floorboards, and condensation on the windows. And 21 percent of those who agreed they were bored noted this was because they didn’t like their neighbours. As a result of being fed up of their home, nearly one in ten adults would like to redecorate their surroundings as often as every four weeks. And the average adult typically spends £36 a month on home furnishings - with two percent claiming to splash more than £500 a month. Ryan Prince, CEO and Founder of residential rental brand UNCLE, which commissioned the survey said: “It’s not a surprise it takes so little time to become bored of the home you live in. “When you spend so long in one place, it’s easy to become tired of the same thing. “There can be so many triggers of this boredom, from the location of the property, to the interior and decoration - and even the neighbour’s dogs barking through the walls can cause restlessness. “Having an escape within the space you live is so important, not only for your well-being, but also to reduce the possibilities of becoming bored with where you live.” The study also found 58 percent of those suffering from home boredom tried to overcome it, with just three in ten (29 percent) trying to find somewhere new to live. Others repainted the walls (41 percent), bought new furniture (35 percent), or changed their garden (29 percent). Of those who rent their home, more than a fifth (22 percent) are scared to commit to buying their own home, in case they get bored of it. But 37 percent simply enjoy the flexibility that renting gives them, according to the study by OnePoll. Ryan Prince added: “I see flexibility as key to a happy life. The ability to move around and live in different places to suit your lifestyle is really important to millions of people. “One benefit of living at UNCLE which we’re proud of is our “Sleep Around” offering. “Should an apartment become available in another building, or on another floor of the current building you reside in, our residents can put in a request to switch.”