Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes’ task to compete with Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc is 'bigger than they predicted,' according to Sky Sports pundit Paul di Resta. The Silver Arrows finished Friday’s second practice session 11th and 13 with best-placed George Russell 1.2 seconds slower than Leclerc’s Ferrari. Hamilton was a further three-tenths behind as midfield rivals such as Alpine, McLaren and Alpha Tauri have found more pace between races. After the session, di Resta warned Mercedes were falling “out of touching distance” with the leaders. The former driver also suggested their form now was running their chances of a title push if they solve their issues later on in the season. Speaking to Sky Sports F1, he said: “If you look onboard with the Ferrari with the porpoising it looks worse than the Mercedes and they’re still very quick. “The unfortunate thing for Mercedes is the midfield teams are doing a bit better so it makes it even worse. It puts them out of touching distance and that comfortable margin they kind of need to capitalise for when they get a [good] car. READ MORE: FIA release statement after Lewis Hamilton summoned to stewards "All they're going to be fighting for is race wins, they are not going to be fighting for championships if it continues like it is.” Di Resta added: “Toto [Wolff] is amazing at what he does, I’m sure if he is leading it from the top they’ll have the drivers back more than they ever had. Lewis will be putting in the extra work, the engineers will be putting in the extra work. “George already knew he’d be putting in more effort. It’s going to take a massive task and I think bigger than they probably predicted leaving Bahrain to where they are now if they are not able to get on top of it.” DON'T MISSMercedes 'getting used' to tough reality for Hamilton and Russell [COMMENT]George Russell explains reason for Mercedes' refusal to make upgrades [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen share joke over 'nipple piercing' [ANALYSIS] After the session, Hamilton branded Mercedes’ new machine a tricky car”. He added: “It’s just nothing you change on the car makes a difference at the moment, so that’s the difficult thing. You get in very optimistic and then you make changes and then it doesn’t really seem to want to improve. "There’s just not a lot we can do. “It’s the way it is so we’ll just have to drive with it. That’s the frustrating thing because you’re trying to push and you’re trying to catch, and even when you do a decent lap, it’s 1.2s down. So it’s difficult.”