George's (played by Tony Maudsley) secret was finally unveiled earlier this week on Coronation Street as it emerged he struggles with snoring in his sleep. This is something he was trying to keep hidden from his girlfriend, Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Cleaver), by refusing to stay over the night at her house as he thought she would break things off with him. Having learnt what he was hiding from her, the ITV stalwart agreed to keep their relationship going and she would help him by looking at ways he could sort his snoring. However, he came up with a less than conventional way of adjusting his sleeping habits and it could cost him his life. The episode began with George over the moon he'd stayed with Eileen for the night and it seemed no one had heard his snoring once. When his secret was revealed, the undertaker explained he'd had complaints and even the police called on him in the past because of how loud he was. Later on in the latest instalment of the weeknight serial drama, he was seen getting really sleepy behind the wheel of a hearse. Deciding he needed to get some shut-eye, he climbed into the back of the vehicle and took a power nap before his next job. Unfortunately, he didn't manage to wake up in time as Todd Grimshaw (Gareth Pierce) found him and discovered why his boss was so tired. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Cain Dingle discovers he's not Faith's son It emerged he had been awake all night as he didn't want the Grimshaw house to realise just how loud his snoring was. He explained to Todd how he thought he would be able to make this work if he stayed over at Eileen's once or twice a week. Therefore, five out of the seven nights of sleep a week, he would be able to catch up some hours when he was back at his house. Todd was baffled by what his boss was suggesting, telling him it was going to be completely unfeasible to do it for a prolonged period of time. Knowing he couldn't do another night of no sleep, George tried to tell Eileen he was going to stay at his place as he didn't sleep very well. However, she was smitten with him and after telling him she was practically in love with him, the undertaker agreed to stay. This meant he had to think on his feet as he knew he was going to have to stay awake again and so he bought some energy drinks. After Eileen went off to bed, Todd saw his boss downing the cans of sugary and caffeinated drink, hinting it could be the death of him. "You cannot be serious," Eileen's son remarked, to which George told him to leave him alone as he knew what he was doing. Having tried to stop his boss, Todd eventually gave up as he said: "Your funeral and I will portably be doing it." DON'T MISS...Corrie’s Bill Roache admits he ‘really fancied’ Queen when they met [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten posts health update after hospital rush [COMMENT]Rula Lenska health: Star, 74, on the 'difficulty' of hearing loss [COMMENT] This could be a huge tease towards the drama which is set to unfold in the coming weeks as sooner or later, George's lack of sleep is going to become a problem. Especially as he is in charge of driving around a hearse all day and when he gets behind the wheel of the vehicle, things could become dangerous. As he begins to fall asleep during one of his jobs, the undertaker could end up crashing the funeral car and in the process, sustain life-threatening injuries. Todd will blame himself as he knows he could have done more to stop his boss from driving having not had enough sleep to carry out his duties. Although the doctors would do their best to save him, unfortunately, he could end up dying as he loses too much blood. Eileen would be heartbroken, having lost yet another love interest as her bad luck with men continues to leave her a singleton. Todd could have been correct in the fact he would be organising George's funeral as the undertaker business would be passed down to him. However, with some guilt resting on his shoulders, will he tell his mother he knows the real reason why her boyfriend died? The actor who plays George, Tony, has previously spoken out on his character's fate and whether he could end up dead. In an interview with Inside Soap, the actor said: "I hope George doesn’t leave in a wooden box! They can’t get rid of George, as there would be no one to bury him!" "I hope that doesn’t happen in the near future, as I’m happy on Corrie. And fans are saying it’s nice to see Eileen smiling again. I think George is good for her," he continued. But almost a year since the actor said this, could writers be preparing to have Eileen suffer more heartache from one of her love interests? Taking to Twitter, viewers have been reacting to George's secret being revealed, with Daniel writing: "Another good #Corrie episode, I am glad George’s secret is out." Melody wrote: "George is the cutest! His cute little garden with his pretty little flowers and he wouldn’t sleep at Eileen’s house just because he snores. Truly adorable #corrie." "I know this is supposed to be funny but it’s just plain old boring! #George #Eileen #Todd #Corrie," Brandon shared. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.