Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been married since 2018, and now are parents to Archie, two, and 10-month-old Lilibet. But back in 2016, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were dating in secret, months before they announced their romance to the world. The couple were rumoured to have been together for a while before they officially made an appearance.  Although their lips were sealed, there was one detail that gave fans a big clue that the reports were true. In 2016, Meghan shared a snap wearing almost identical beaded bracelets to ones previously worn by Prince Harry. This sparked suggestions he may have given them to his new girlfriend as a gift. The Suits actress showed off the multicoloured bracelets in an Instagram post in October of that year.  READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry's US firm hit by 'staff mutiny' In the post, she reminisced on her trip to the Soho Farmhouse in Oxford. She snapped a selfie while sitting holding a coffee cup, adding the caption: "#TBT to my solo trip to @sfhmembers #treatyourself #UK #sohofarmhouse #farmhouse." Meanwhile, Harry was spotted wearing an almost identical design during a briefing on the charity MapAction in March 2016. The jewellery also bears extra significance, since Prince Harry has a collection of pieces that are very special to him.  In particular, the Duke owns a silver bracelet that he is thought to have got during his 1997 trip to Africa. This trip followed the tragic death of his mother, Princess Diana. Harry often teams the piece with a colourful beaded bracelet. One bracelet looks very similar to the blue, white and black one he is thought to have given his now-wife Meghan.  The Prince has been pictured wearing his metal bracelet since 2001. His brother Prince William was also known to wear a very similar version in the years following Diana's passing. Harry said in 2017: "I first came [to Africa] in 1997, straight after my mum died. “My dad told my brother and me to pack our bags - we were going to Africa to get away from it all," he told Town and Country magazine.  Years later, he took his new girlfriend Meghan away to Botswana for their first holiday. Of course, the couple share a mutual love of Africa. The Duchess took her own humanitarian trip to Rwanda in 2016. The couple have not worn their bracelets in recent years, but they most likely still own them. 