Erik ten Hag could be the new Jurgen Klopp or Pep Guardiola, according to former Arsenal midfielder Ray Parlour. Ajax boss Ten Hag is the overwhelming favourite to be appointed the next manager of Manchester United. Reports this week claimed the Dutchman has been chosen to replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season. He appears to have beaten Mauricio Pochettino to the job. If Ten Hag is confirmed, Parlour believes it is the right appointment. And the pundit claims the 52-year-old can have a similar impact on United that Klopp and Guardiola have had on Liverpool and Manchester City respectively. Parlour said on talkSPORT: “The most important thing is getting the right manager. They look like they’ve got Ten Hag, I think that’s a really good manager to get into your club if I'm being honest. READ MORE: Arsenal legends Martin Keown and Ray Parlour completely disagree over Nuno Tavares  "At Ajax he’s done really well. The way they play is quite exciting so I think he’s going to try to bring that style, maybe, to Manchester United. “I would go with Ten Hag, if I’m being honest. I would give him a go. "He could be the new Klopp or Guardiola, who knows. What I've seen so far of what he's done at Ajax has been excellent. DON'T MISSTottenham boss Antonio Conte hints at transfer plans involving Harry Kane [QUOTES]Arsenal signing Hazard could force Arteta to fast-track plan and save millions [OPINION]Erik ten Hag 'wants to take trusted Ajax coach with him to Man Utd' after Rangnick warning [REPORT]  "Whether he can do that in England is another matter because it's a much tougher league, we know that. But I certainly go with him." However, Parlour does not think appointing Ten Hag will immediately solve United's issues. He says major changes are needed throughout the structure of the club. He added: “Then it’s down to a big overhaul of the whole club. Not just the first team, but the academy and everything going on with Manchester United. "You’ve got to start again really. If they’re ever going to get closer to Manchester City and Liverpool, they’ve got to have a plan going forward.”  Meanwhile, Ajax banned English media from attending Ten Hag's press conference ahead of this weekend's match against Sparta Rotterdam. Sky Sports reporter Gary Cotterill said Ajax wanted to prevent questions about Ten Hag's proposed move to Old Trafford. Cotterill said: “As Ten Hag was preparing his team to face Sparta Rotterdam, the media team were busily rejecting the applications from the English media to attend the post-match news conference. There will be no radio, no newspapers, no Sky Sports News. “They don’t want him asked, in English, about Manchester United. His English isn’t that great, either. Ajax say he needs to concentrate on winning another [Eredivisie] title. It’s by no means a given - they’re only four points ahead [of PSV] with six games to play."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here