Former MP Harriet Harman talked about the Mail on Sunday piece which claimed Angela Rayner had used "Basic Instinct" techniques to "distract" Boris Johnson by crossing and uncrossing her legs. The article has sparked debate about sexism towards female politicians, and Harman took it a step further by stating press reporting on political events should be "50/50" men and women, but Susanna Reid hit back at this suggestion by pointing out men can report "fairly". "We shouldn't have a male-dominated press lobby," Harman argued. She continued: "There are a lot of brilliant women journalists who have not yet had a proper chance. "And I think we should have 50/50 passes in the lobby for men and women, not say who those women are, or who those men are in the lobby-" "Does it matter if it's men or women reporting the story?" Reid cut in. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Cain Dingle discovers he's not Faith's son She remarked: "There are plenty of men you know who report very fairly. "I mean Glen Owen, political editor [of Mail on Sunday] is a reporter who normally reports very fairly..." Ed Balls commented: "Men who have daughters and know this is not the way they should be treated-" Harman responded: "But if it's a boy's club and it's male-dominated... "And also it can hardly be a meritocracy unless you actually think that men are so much better than the women. "We don't think the men are so much better than the women, we just think that many women journalists are excluded." She described the claims made as "a total lie" and argued: "It should not happen." Deputy leader for Labour, Rayner, was accused of "making a gesture" to throw the Prime Minister off. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Horror as Lily overdoses on Stacey's medication [THEORY]Brenda Edwards recalls 'Jamal passed holding my hand' [VIDEO]Schofield slammed for shaming Starmer over Labour's lack of success [REACTION] The article stated: "Tory MPs have mischievously suggested that Ms Rayner likes to distract the PM when he is at the dispatch box by deploying a fully-clothed Parliamentary equivalent of Sharon Stone’s infamous scene in the 1992 film Basic Instinct." Since the publication of the article, MPs from across parties have slammed the "misogynistic" reporting and claims. Rayner took to Twitter to give her own response in relation to the claims. She wrote: "Women in politics face sexism and misogyny every day - and I’m no different." In a thread of posts, she added: "I stand accused of a “ploy” to “distract” the helpless PM - by being a woman, having legs and wearing clothes. "I am conspiring to “put him off his stride”. The rest I won’t repeat - but you get the picture." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.