Liam Gallagher, 49, revealed that he is suffering hip pain due to arthritis but doesn’t want to have a double hip replacement because of the “stigma” surrounding it. The star was diagnosed with arthritis three years ago and has been forced to give up running and uses herbal sleeping tablets to rest. Eamonn Holmes, who underwent a hip replacement aged 55, wrote in the Telegraph: “Don’t look back in anger, Liam, just get it done.” “Well, Liam, I’ve been there, done that and got the T-shirt,” he wrote. “I refused that same operation for three decades, believing that grimacing through the agony was far less embarrassing than having surgery associated with 75-year-olds. “Honestly? Waiting was the worst decision I ever made. “After having both of mine replaced seven years ago, aged 55, I haven’t had a single regret: in fact, it’s been life-changing.” READ MORE: B12 deficiency symptoms: Three signs in your feet that signal 'damage' Gallagher’s surgery would involve replacing his damaged hip joints with prosthetic hips and recovery of around six weeks. Hip replacements are typically done on people between the ages of 60 to 80, according to the NHS. The singer, famous for hits like Wonderwall and Roll With It, knows his preference for pain over surgery is “ridiculous” but has said he’d “rather be in a wheelchair, with Debbie [his girlfriend] pushing me around, like Little Britain". "I think I'd rather just be in pain. Which is ridiculous, obviously. I know that. Just get them fixed. “But it's the stigma, saying you've had your hips replaced. What's next?” Gallagher told MoJo magazine. DON'T MISSHigh cholesterol: Signs of an inherited disease – heart attack risk [INSIGHT]Supplements: Four supplements shown to increase the risk of cancer [EXPLAINER]Longevity: The timing of your evening meal influences lifespan - study [REPORT] In response to his fear of the “stigma”, Holmes was somewhat understanding, given the “mockery” that young people undergoing the surgery may go through. Holmes revealed that in his own newsroom at GBNews, his colleagues laughed at the prospect of the international rockstar undergoing a hip replacement. “They were all tickled by the idea of a rocker like him being confronted with being ‘over the hill’ – but I saw nothing remotely funny about it,” wrote Holmes. However, the former ITV presenter suggested that being painless due to the hip replacement “wins out” over mockery. “People who don’t suffer from this have no idea how chronic the pain is; the sleepless nights or not being able to drive, let alone do anything more physically active,” Holmes added. “If it hasn’t come to your door, you should be downright thankful. For sufferers, though, if the options are mockery or being pain-free, the latter wins out every time.” He also argued that the surgery is not overly cumbersome, comparing it to a quick “Formula One pitstop”, and recalled that his wife was adamant that she wouldn’t be pushing him around in a wheelchair. “I am frankly evangelical that whatever age, stage, or reason you are going through for needing the surgery, getting it done will only enhance your life,” wrote Holmes. “People should be more understanding and thankful that the technology and staff exist to make this all so seamless.” Recovery times for a hip replacement vary from person to person. Most people are in hospital for around three to five days after a hip replacement. Over the last few years, the waiting times for a hip replacement through the NHS have increased drastically. The NHS has a target waiting time of 18 weeks, however, many people have had to wait a lot longer than that. According to the Royal College of Surgeons of England, more than two million people are waiting longer than the statutory 18 weeks.