Monopoly tokens are some of the most important pieces of the game, as these are what players use to move around the board. Tokens have come with a Monopoly board since the game was first introduced in 1935, but they have been changed and updated since. Now, the game makers are bringing back a token not seen for decades. Today, April 28, entertainment company Hasbro has launched a brand-new campaign called Monopoly Throwback Token Vote. Its aim is to give fans across the globe the chance to bring back one of six iconic tokens from their childhood. These tokens don’t exist anymore, but one of them could very soon if voted as the world’s favourite. These are the Thimble, the Wheelbarrow, the Iron, the Boot, the Horse and Rider, and the Money Bag. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Easiest’ way to remove mould from washing machine seals From today, fans worldwide can visit www.monopolytokenvote.com to choose one Throwback Token popularised in the 1990s that they’d like to see in the next generation of Monopoly. But, of course, this means the game makers will get rid of one of the current tokens to replace it with one of the classic tokens. Voting will last for three weeks and will conclude with Hasbro revealing the results. The Monopoly Throwback Token winner will be placed in the latest, refreshed version of the Classic Monopoly board game, which will be available to buy in early 2023. DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton re-wears cream Alexander McQueen coat dress [PICTURES]Weight loss: How to burn 3,000 calories without exercising [EXPERT]Lawn care: ‘Easy’ and natural way to get rid of weeds - 'Just 3 steps' [GUIDE] To celebrate the nostalgia, Hasbro will also be releasing a special edition Monopoly Token Throwback Pack Game, exclusively available from September. This will include all 10 tokens which were prominent in the 90s. But this special version of the game will be available for a limited time only. The current version of Monopoly includes the following tokens: the Scottie, the Battleship, the Racecar, the Top Hat, the Penguin, the T-Rex, the Hazel, and the Rubber Ducky. Adam Biehl, General Manager of Hasbro commented on the new board game, saying: “We know that fans across the globe have been missing the tokens of their childhood, and now is the chance to take a trip down memory lane and bring one back. “We’re so thrilled to give fans the opportunity once again to change the global best-selling board game through the Monopoly Throwback Token vote. “But which iconic token will emerge victorious, and which current token will go into retirement?” But this is not the first time fans have voted for their favourite old token. In 2013, fans voted to include the Hazel token as the newest Monopoly game piece. while the Iron token was retired after receiving the lowest number of fan votes. In 2017’s most recent fan vote, the Thimble, the Wheelbarrow, and the Boot were replaced by the Penguin, the T-Rex, and the Rubber Ducky. Despite first being introduced to the world in 1935, Monopoly is still going strong and is enjoyed by more than one billion players in 114 countries across the globe. The Monopoly brand has expanded since its launch and fans can now play the game across many platforms and formats. There are also Monopoly live events, fashion licensing, digital gaming, casino gambling, and more.