Perennial heavyweight contender Derek Chisora has backed Dillian Whyte to produce an upset and knock out Tyson Fury in their WBC title clash on Saturday. Chisora, who has fought both men in his career, is so confident that Whyte will win he is 'willing to put his house on it'. Fury is the favourite with bookmakers to retain his world title, having never lost a bout as a professional. However, Chisora believes Whyte "knows how to get to Tyson" and has backed him win the fight. Speaking to talkSPORT, Chisora said: "This is the whole reason we love boxing. The guys you think are not going to win, they win and suddenly you hold your head, 'What happened? They won?’ "It looks like it shocks you, but really and truly it doesn’t. I’m willing to put my house on it: I’m willing to put my house on Dillian Whyte knocking Tyson Fury out. JUST IN: British boxer Fes Batista on racial abuse, Roy Jones Jr and Lady Gaga "Look at your faces in the studio! Tyson is my mate and I know he’s listening – Tyson, you’re going to get knocked out. That’s the only way he [Whyte] can win the fight." When asked why he feels Whyte will beat Fury, Chisora added: "Tyson’s very good at what he does. He knows the ring very well, he knows how to move, his reach is unbelievable. "But I believe that Dillian knows how to get to Tyson. He’ll bring the fight. He can’t box the guy, he has to fight. When you fight the guy, are you fit enough for 12 rounds? Is he prepared to go to the other side?" DON'T MISSAmir Khan says he feared for his life as thieves robbed himFury hints at Whyte strategy during open workout after no-showDillian Whyte misses Tyson Fury open workout due to 'late flight' Former WBA heavyweight champion David Haye has also backed Whyte to defeat Fury, telling talkSPORT: "You'll get massive odds betting on Dillian Whyte. No-one is really backing him whatsoever. But, you know, the type of opponent that you'd need to beat Tyson Fury – Dillian Whyte has all of those attributes. "He can punch hard, he's got cardio for days he's got the desire and belief in himself. I think Whyte is going to pull off the upset. I think this is his opportunity. I think this is what he's been waiting for. "This happened at the right time for him and I think the fact that Tyson Fury's so highly regarded by everybody works in Dillian's favour. So I'm going with the unpopular underdog."