The eco-warriors have teamed up with Just Stop Oil to block major fuel depots across the south of the country. This has led to a shortage of fuel at petrol stations and an increasing rise in prices for motorists. The climate activists say they will continue their blockade until the government agrees to stop all new fossil fuel developments immediately. The worst affected areas on Saturday were London, along with Cambridgeshire and Oxfordshire. Drivers were confronted with closed filing stations or long queues as they went in search of fuel for their vehicles. Several of the hardest disrupted ports are in Essex, where activists have attached themselves to fuel tankers with glue and bike locks. Chafford Hundred, West Thurrock and the Purfleet Fuels Terminals are among the 10 'critical' sites that have been blocked across the country. The operation has cost more than £1 million since last Friday, according to Essex's Deputy Chief Constable Andy Prophet. On Saturday, thousands of climate activists gathered in London and brought parts of the capital to a stand still during a sit down protest. Extinction Rebellion UK tweeted: "Today hundreds of concerned citizens are standing up for #ClimateJustice & to end fossil fuels by simply sitting down. "An Extinction Rebellion march sits in Oxford Circus, with disruption set to continue till Government respond to the crisis." Two protesters were also able to close Tower Bridge, after abseiling off the sides of the famous landmark. They were filmed hanging from the bridge, suspended by cords and unfurled a banner that read 'End fossil fuels now." In addition, activists targeted Russia's Rosneft headquarters in London, where they lit yellow flares and unveiled Ukrainian flags and held a banner that said: "Oil = Death. Stand with Ukraine." READ MORE: Extinction Rebellion's campaign video sparks social media fury Many people expressed their frustrations at the disruption caused by the protesters. Bella Wallersteiner wrote on twitter: "Why should zealots stop people from going about their lawful business? "As movements go, this one seems almost purposefully designed to alienate anyone who doesn’t already agree with it." While another said: "Thousands of Extinction Rebellion climate change idiots bring London's Oxford Street and Regent Street to a standstill with sit-in demo. "Yet, the UK is ahead of the game, but these idiots want us all to live in the dark without energy or fuel." DON'T MISSCatholic priest fined for blocking M25 in Extinction Rebellion [NEWS]Extinction Rebellion sparks misery for motorists [REVEAL]Extinction Rebellion block Esso site with bamboo barricades [SPOTLIGHT] London Mayor Sadiq Khan said the protest was "counterproductive" and demonstrators needed to win over public opinion at the same time as putting pressure on the government. Fuel prices have risen to record highs recently, with some garages and forecourts charging more than £2/litre for diesel at one point. The increase has been driven partly by Russia's invasion of Ukraine, as well as by the protests. In his Spring Statement, the UK's Chancellor cut fuel duty by 5p and urged petrol stations to pass on the reduction to motorists. Asda, Sainsburys and Tesco were among the major supermarkets to confirm they would do so, with a 6p decrease in petrol and diesel. The 5p reduction in fuel duty was dismissed as a "drop in the ocean" by UK motoring groups