Painting yourself is often a lot cheaper than hiring a professional to do the job. While it may take a bit more research and planning beforehand, results can often look the same. According to The Paint Shed, cleaning walls and tools before using paint is essential in achieving a great finish. Michael Rolland, interiors expert and MD of The Paint Shed, explained: “It may seem obvious but ensuring your walls are pristine before you start painting will make for a smoother finish and application. “Use a damp cloth over the surface of the wall, you can also use sugar soap or a mixture of washing up liquid and water if you need a more thorough clean of high traffic areas or those that have been exposed to grease. “Don’t forget to check hidden areas such as behind the radiators to keep your paintwork as clean as possible. Although you don’t necessarily need to paint this spot, the dust that lingers could make its way out into your paint.” Before starting to paint, DIYers should wash all their brushes to help remove any loose bristles. READ MORE: Simple, effective and cheap way to kill garden weeds using cardboard They should be washed with a mixture of diluted washing up liquid and fabric softener to keep the bristles soft. The expert added: “Use tape to remove roller fluff next. Brand new rollers can be fluffy, which can transfer onto the surface you are painting. “To avoid this, use packing tape to remove the excess fluff to start your project. “A general rule to remember when it comes to painting any room, is to paint in the correct order. You should always start at the top and work your way down. DON'T MISS:‘Incredibly exotic’ plants which can survive UK weather - plant now [EXPERT]Worst spider season as they lay eggs in homes - top tips to prevent [COMMENT]Quiet Welsh town where properties sell for less than £250,000 named [INSIGHT] “This means ceilings before walls and walls come before skirting boards. “Start by mixing your paint and then on a ladder cut in along the ceiling with a brush. Then using a roller attached to an extension pole you can paint the rest of the ceiling. Repeat this process when painting the walls, use a brush for the edges then a roller before working your way down.” To remove any mistakes, a clean damp cloth can be used to quickly wipe it away. Michael also shared “hacks” to make sure the finish is as professional as possible. He said: “One hack when it comes to painter’s or masking tape is to remove the tape whilst the paint is damp for a clean, professional finish. “There is nothing worse than working for a clean finish only to pull up the take and see chunks of your hard work go with it. “Do not wait until the paint is completely dry, just be careful removing the tape since there will be wet paint on it.” DIYers finding it hard to remove tape can grab a hair dryer and blow hot air onto the tape to loosen it. Michael continued: “Take your time lifting up the painter’s tape, pull it back on itself, removing it at a 45 degree angle. “Once you have finished the job in hand, make sure you keep any leftover paint as you never know when you will need to do some quick touch ups. “One hack you can use when it comes to storing leftover paint is using cling film over the top of the can of paint before placing the lid. “Doing this will prevent dust, dirt and flaky paint from falling into the fresh paint when you next open it, particularly if it has been stored in a shed or garage.” Painters should also assess their work in daylight to make sure the walls look smooth. Daylight will expose the need for another coat or any missed sections.