With less than three months to go until Thor Love and Thunder hits cinemas, the Marvel movie has now broken the MCU record for the shortest window between the first trailer’s release and the movie’s debut. This could well be down to the fact that Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness hits the big screen not long before on May 5, and the implications of that film may affect what happens in Thor 4. Nevertheless, rumour has it that the Thor Love and Thunder trailer isn’t that far away. Over in India, Chris Hemsworth’s Hindi dub actor Gaurav Chopra has shared on his Instagram stories that he’s recorded the Thor Love and Thunder trailer. He posted a picture of equipment with the Marvel film’s logo up on a screen having finished working on it. The actor captioned the post: “#thorloveandthunder trailer done! Can’t wait for u guys to see it!!" Surely this means the trailer’s online debut can’t be that far off. Whatever the case, it’s highly likely the footage will show before Doctor Strange 2, when it hits cinemas in just a few weeks. If that wasn’t enough, images of Thor Love and Thunder action figures have leaked, sharing the first look at characters like Christian Bale’s villainous Gorr the God Butcher. However, what’s even more exciting are the descriptions on some of the toy boxes that tease aspects of the MCU movie’s plot, which can be seen here. King Valkyrie’s reads: “When a dangerous new visitor threatens the livelihood of New Asgard, King Valkyrie is forced to take up her sword once more to defend her people.” And Gorr’s says: “Wielding a strange and terrifying weapon, Gorr will let nothing stand in his way.” Gorr the God Butcher’s weapon could well be All-Black the Necrosword from Marvel Comics, which he bounded with. This weapon had slain a billion gods and is said to be the first symbiote made, having been crafted and wielded by Knull. In the comics, after learning that the gods existed and did nothing to alleviate suffering, including his dying family, Gorr vowed to kill them all. A test screening of Thor Love and Thunder is rumoured to have taken place in-house at Marvel Studios to much acclaim. DON'T MISSThor Love and Thunder NEW LOOK plus Peter Dinklage teases Eitri return [THOR 4]Thor 4: Tessa Thompson on ‘erotic’ powers in sequel [TESSA THOMPSON]Thor Love and Thunder is ‘crazy wild’ and ‘pushes Marvel's boundaries' [THOR LOVE AND THUNDER] Big Screen Leaks reported: “THOR: LOVE AND THUNDER test screened internally not too long ago and people LOVED it.” And HZJoe wrote: “Thor love and thunder got a standing ovation in a test screening last night…Sorry it wasn’t last night but the rest still applies.” By the sounds of it, Waititi has pulled it off again after the highly praised Thor Ragnarok. Thor Love and Thunder hits cinemas on July 8, 2022.