In a video posted on social media, Scotland's First Minister appears to not be wearing a face covering while visiting a barber's in East Kilbride, South Lanarkshire, on Saturday. There is currently a legal requirement to wear a mask in most indoor public places in Scotland, including shops, public transport and hairdressers, due to Covid.  In the video, Ms Sturgeon appears to be seen without a face covering as she mingles with customers and pats the head of a man in a barber's chair while mimicking the sound of an electric razor. Discussing Ms Sturgeon’s act on GB news, the panellists shared their views on whether the Scotland First Minister should resign from her post. The show’s anchor Dan Wootton said: “Sturgeon has said it quite clearly that it does not matter how small the law breach is, if you are responsible for making the laws, if you break just one of them, you have got to resign. So, she surely has to follow her own advice.” The legal requirement to wear a face mask in indoor settings in Scotland will lift on Monday.  Agreeing with Mr Wootton, former politician Suzanne Evans said: “Nicola Sturgeon was one of the lockdown extremists we had in this country. “She was absolutely draconian about these lockdown laws and it’s not the first time that she has broken her own rules. “She broke them back in the funeral in December 2020 when she didn’t wear a mask. She broke them again in February 2021 when she went maskless in a party in a village and now this particular breach. “It was a pointless law, it was a law that should never have been introduced in any country of the UK.  READ MORE: Boris Johnson LIVE: PM fires back at critics and vows to FIGHT ON “But the fact is, Nicola Sturgeon introduced it and now has hypocrisy to turn around and say Boris should resign for effectively a party that he didn’t know will happen by all the counts. “But she, for the third breach in the row, effectively, the police has come the third time to Holyrood and knocked her door. “She is saying ‘No, I have done nothing wrong and terribly sorry it was a dreadful mistake, I am sorry it doesn’t wash’. “If you are gonna live on a political rule that says I will attack my parents for any little mistake that they made and demand their resignation.”  DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: 'Stupid, stupid' Remainers erupt at airport queuesEU begins drafting embargo on Russian oil to motorists' reliefEurozone inflation expected to ‘double this year’ to 6 percent In response to the reports, an SNP spokesman said: “The First Minister was invited into the barbers during an outdoor visit on the street. “Within a few seconds, she realised she hadn't put her mask back on and immediately put it on.” However, human rights campaigner Peter Tatchell had a different take. He said: “Well absolutely, the lawbreakers are not supposed to be lawmakers (or vice-versa). “I do think, however, that although Nicola Sturgeon is wrong and she did very promptly apologise she didn't try to cover up as Boris Johnson did, she did make a fulsome apology very swiftly and immediately. “I think that's very different from Boris, because Boris tried for weeks and weeks to deny that there is any lawbreaking he tried to cover up. He mislead Parliament, he misled MPs, he said all along that full guidance of law had been followed.” 