Lady Gaga took an instant liking to actress June Brown OBE, MBE, despite an age gap spanning several decades, and even invited her to party with her at an exclusive nightclub in London's West End. The much-loved TV star, who played Dot Cotton on EastEnders, had to regretfully turn down the invitation, however, as she was expected on Piers Morgan's show the following day and had planned to prepare with some much-needed rest. Many Lady Gaga fans have been reflecting on her friendship with the British actress on social media, after the sad news of June's death was announced yesterday. The unlikely pair hit it off when they met on The Graham Norton Show back in 2013, when Gaga was 27 and her new friend was 86. In spite of an age gap spanning three generations, the musical star told June that she was "honoured" to be sitting beside her on talk show host Graham's sofa. The pair met and bonded while Gaga was showcasing some very extravagant costumes, including a bikini with a mermaid bra, featuring cups in the shape of seashells, accessorised by turquoise blue tassels. In another outfit change, she sported a feather headdress, plus a sheer black top. READ NOW: Kelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home June is also renowned for her relaxed attitude to flesh-flashing, having previously appeared in Calendar Girls completely naked. Despite being in her eighties, she was the only woman featured in the film to totally strip off, as the other 11 women wore flesh-coloured underwear for modesty. Therefore, daring June seemed to appreciate Gaga's extravagant and often skimpy choices of clothing. However, an invitation to members' only club Annabel's for a spot of clubbing proved to be a step too far for the 86-year-old - and she turned it down. "She invited me to Annabel's. Unfortunately I was doing Piers Morgan the next day," she revealed. She added to the Daily Star at the time while discussing her new friend: "She was so funny, intelligent and down to earth, but when she went in front of the press, you could see her put the Gaga persona on." During The Graham Norton Show, they enjoyed a glass of red wine together, while June could be seen with one of her trademark cigarettes dangling from her fingers. Although she didn't mimic any of Gaga's outfit changes, instead sticking to a single ensemble of black and white stripes with bright red sleeves, she only had positive words for her new friend. DON'T MISS... Midsomer Murders' Fiona Dolman says she saw a new side to Neil Dudgeon [INSIGHT] Robbie Williams and Gary Barlow’s decade-long ‘feud’ recapped [DEBATE] Sandra Bullock stuns as Channing Tatum gazes at actress [LATEST]  When June initially arrived on the show, she flashed a pair of bright crimson red tights to gasps from the audience, quipping: "Well, I thought I had to outdo her, you see!" Gaga grinned in excitement while fellow guests and audience members exploded in laughter. June quipped that if her American talk show co-star didn't know about EastEnders, she "didn't blame" her, but Gaga unexpectedly revealed: "I'm a very big fan of yours." "I just don't watch a lot of television," she added, before June quipped: "No, I don't watch any!" Meanwhile, tributes have poured in for the late star and her irrepressible love of life, demonstrated right up until the end. EastEnders bosses led the comments, revealing via Twitter that they were "deeply saddened" by their "beloved" June's death. "There are not enough words to describe how much June was loved and adored by everyone at EastEnders, her loving warmth, wit and great humour will never be forgotten," they added. "June created one of the most iconic characters in Dot Cotton, not just in soap but in British television, and having appeared in 2884 episodes, June’s remarkable performances created some of EastEnders finest moments…"