The latest data released by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) indicated growing delays and backlogs being faced by disabled people. Disability News Service heard from one claimant, who is due to have both his knees replaced whilst coping with prostate cancer, and has been waiting since last June for his reassessment. The figures released by the DWP in February showed what DNS reported as “striking delays”, not just with applications, decisions and payments, but even with telephone queries about the benefit. The claimant they spoke to applied for a PIP reassessment on June 10, 2021. In August 2021 delays and waiting times for PIP applications were at its peak, with applicants facing a potential 21 week wait after their assessment, which this claimant hasn’t even had yet. He had been previously the standard rate of PIPs mobility aspect, but is desperate to move onto the enhanced rate. READ MORE: State pension to rise by £700 as triple lock is BACK - now pensioners must fight for it Since his original PIP rate was awarded, the claimants’ condition has worsened significantly due to arthritis in both his knees, which will need to be replacing. Aside from this he is also coping with prostate cancer at the moment and has waited almost a full year for his telephone assessment. Moving to the enhanced rate of PIP mobility will allow him to lease and automatic car through the motability scheme. This would take the strain off of his knees during clutch changes which he said is “an absolute nightmare”. He has attempted to contact the DWP and get an update on his claim, with the first call lasting 45 minutes before someone picked up. The process has been “quite stressful” for the claimant, and he noted that the delay was “unbelievable”. He said: “It’s a hell of a long time to wait. “It just seems to be dragging on and on and on, and it’s not just me, I know there are loads of people in this position.” It has been reported that the backlog is mainly due to the pandemic causing strain on application processing measures. The system has had to alter during the pandemic, as previously more claimants were invited to in-person assessments as part of their application. In the height of the pandemic, this was mostly done through video or phone call consultations instead. PIP rates also increased last week by 3.1 percent, in line with CPI in September last year when the announcement was made. Currently, the rates for PIP are as follows: A DWP spokesperson said: “We closely monitor the progress of cases awaiting assessment and take all steps possible to make sure claimants are assessed in the most efficient way to ensure they get the support to which they are entitled as quickly as possible. This includes the use of face-to-face, paper based, telephone and video appointments. “In cases of terminal illness, we fast-track PIP claims for anyone applying under End of Life rules to ensure people receive the financial support they need, typically within three working days.”