Eden Hazard's Real Madrid head to Stamford Bridge on Tuesday evening to play Chelsea, the Belgian's former team, in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final clash. Injury is set to prevent Hazard from taking to the field, although many Blues fans hold out hope that he can return to west London in the future based on some of his past comments. Real Madrid and Chelsea will battle it out over two legs for a spot in the last four of Europe's top-tier competition. Indeed, the same match-up was drawn last year as the Blues powered to a 3-1 aggregate victory en route to pipping Manchester City in the final. Last making the matchday squad when Los Blancos were thumped by Barcelona in March, Hazard has since committed to ankle surgery which will see him side-lined for most of the season. With just six goals in 65 appearances since moving to Madrid for an initial £89million back in 2019, including zero league goals this season, it is fair to say that Hazard's career has fallen off a cliff. Talk of returning to the familiarity of Stamford Bridge therefore seems natural, and the elegant winger has dropped three big hints in the past: JUST IN: Liverpool have Mo Salah concern for Man City as Klopp admits star enduring 'tough' period  Upon leaving the Blues back in 2019 after seven sensational seasons, Hazard pleaded for understanding from the club's fans as he accepted a 'dream' move to the Bernabeu. Stating that he would not have left for any other club strongly suggests that, if he does leave Madrid, Chelsea would be his first-choice destination. "I hope you understand I had to pursue my next chapter, just as each and every one of you should when you have the chance to pursue your dreams," he said, "Leaving Chelsea is the biggest and toughest decision in my career to date. "Now it's in the open I would like to put on record one thing was always clear to me, I have loved every moment at Chelsea and not once did I ever consider, nor would I have left for any other club." DON'T MISS...Shaun Goater names two next Man City boss options that would annoy ArsenalSimon Jordan responds after Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp declared he's not a fan of punditMan Utd icon Wayne rooney trolls Gary Neville over 'highlight' of his caree  As speculation swirled on a Chelsea return last year, Hazard was quick to play down the rumours as he still held out hope for a fruitful spell in the Spanish capital. Although the Belgian dismissed talk of a Blues return at that point in time, the comments left his plans beyond 2024, when his contract expires, up in the air. "I still have a three-year contract with Real Madrid, so going back to England is out of the question," he claimed, "Everyone knows that my first two years were not good, so first I want to prove myself at Real Madrid. I will prove myself. I'll do everything to get it. "I do not see myself leaving Madrid given the situation of my contract. I know myself and I know when I am in shape. If I'm healthy, I can give everything for Real next season. That is my plan." Although Hazard refuses to directly entertain talk of rejoining Chelsea to the media, he did let something slip when speaking to Blues fan Frank Khalid shortly after heading to Spain in 2019. Other fans could be forgiven for hoping Hazard can rediscover his best form at 'The Bridge' at some point in the future, even if they must wait for him to complete his 'job' in Madrid first. "When I finish here I'll come back," he told Khalid, "When I can, I watch. Not all the time. They are doing well. I do my job here and then I come back." 