In a poll that ran from 10am on Wednesday, April 6, to 3pm on Thursday, April 7, Express.co.uk asked: “Do you think Charles and William should put their foot down and keep Andrew from Jubilee limelight?” In total, 6,815 people cast their votes and dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article with readers sharing their thoughts on Prince Andrew’s potential appearances. The vast majority of voters – 86 percent (5,833 people) – said “yes”, Princes Charles and William should put their foot down and keep Andrew out of the public eye during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. A further 14 percent (937 people) answered “no” and just 45 people said they did not know. Prince Andrew had a prominent role at Prince Philip’s memorial service last week where he escorted the Queen which left the Royal Family “dismayed”, according to the Daily Mail. This was the Duke of York’s first appearance since settling his out-of-court lawsuit with his sexual assault accuser Virginia Giuffre for allegations he vehemently denies. There are reports Andrew might escort his mother again to the Platinum Jubilee service on June 3. A royal source told Express.co.uk: “Prince Andrew does want to participate in the Platinum Jubilee celebrations and to be present at the St Paul’s Cathedral service of thanksgiving and to pay tribute to the Queen’s magnificent 70 years of public service. “The Prince and Queen do have a close bond. The Queen knows exactly what she is doing. She’s very much in charge." Express.co.uk readers shared their views in the comments with many agreeing that Charles and William should keep Andrew from the limelight. Username Charles Wasdell said: “Without a doubt. This is a celebration of the reign of our queen, not a private family affair and as such Andrew must not be allowed to play any role in the official celebrations!!!” Username Giillian vaughan said: “I sincerely hope so. His presence would bring the whole occasion down.” And username L65 said: “Yes they should but think they will be overruled.” Some thought that Andrew’s role in the family was ultimately the Queen’s decision and was not for Charles or William to decide. Username Piccasso said: “It's up to our Queen, he is her son whatever he has or has not done. The rest of the family should respect her decision.” DON'T MISS:Prince Harry is likely to come back without Meghan - ‘needs to stay onboard with Queen’ [VIDEO]Royal POLL: Do you think William and Kate should move closer to the Queen? [VOTE]Kate’s ‘strategic’ royal career allows devoted mother to have ‘space for parenting’ [INSIGHT] Username Siwn said: “It all depends on what the Queen wants.” Username Rocco wrote: “ It's the Queen's Jubilee, nothing to do with Charles or William.” And username sadie123 said: “With all due respect to both Prince Charles and Prince William – the Jubilee is about Her Majesty, not about them.” Username Dhsaber said: “I think it's her day, which she earned, and therefore it should be her choice if her son is there.” While username John F Walton said: “I think that the whole family should respect Her Majesty's wishes, after all, it is HER jubilee !!!!!!!!!!” Others thought that Andrew deserved to be present as the Queen’s second son. Username Tgs5995 said: “If Her Majesty wants her son there, so be it.” And username ducs added: “This is his Mother's celebration and he should be part of it.” Meanwhile, username Sports2160 said: “I think Andrew should be able to attend the festivities but should be in the background, not front and centre.” The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations are due to take place over a four-day weekend from June 2 to 5.