With the war now passing 50 days since Russia invaded, the Ukrainian President has once again called on the West to supply more arms at a quicker rate to the country as Russia prepares to move its focus to Eastern Ukraine. Huge losses have been suffered on both sides, with Russia reportedly losing 15,000 troops, and Ukraine seeing around 3,000 soldiers dead, and 10,000 injured.  Yet in spite of the losses, Mr Zelensky remains confident the war will be won.Speaking in his regular address to the nation, the President, deemed a hero by the international arena said it is hard to predict how long the war will last. He said: "Of course, I also hear different predictions. “I have much more information than some media outlets about the intentions and capabilities of the Russian army. "About the potential of the Russian economy. “About the emotional state of society in Russia.”  Mr Zelensky highlighted two key factors in determining just how long the conflict will rage on. He said: “The success of our military on the battlefield is really significant."Historically significant. But not enough to clean our land from the occupiers yet. “We’ll beat them more. "Sanctions against Russia are very significant. Economically painful. “But still not enough for the Russian military machine to be left without means of subsistence. “We promote stronger, more destructive ones." READ MORE:Russian TV declares Ukrainians must be 'erased' in genocidal claim  Delivering his key message on how to end the war quicker, he ended: “If someone says: year or years, I answer: you can make the war much shorter. “The more and the sooner we get all the weapons we have requested, the stronger our position will be and the sooner peace will come." From a Russian point of view, Vladimir Putin had pencilled in May 9 for a significant victory to occur. The iconic date ties in with the Russian interpretation of the end of WWII, and is known in the country as “victory day”.  DON'T MISS:Elon Musk suffers major blow as Twitter 'go nuclear' [REPORT]'Panther' like 'big cat' spotted in Somerset [REVEAL]Kittens rescued after being born in gutter [NATURE] With Russia suffering huge losses in recent weeks, none more so than the sinking of its flagship vessel the Moskva in the Black Sea, analysts predict Russian forces will intensify their assault in order to revenge the ship, and aim to declare a victory on May 9. Reports suggest Russian forces are now regrouping to attack Ukraine from the East to liberate Donbas, and the South, to fully occupy the key port city of Mariupol. However, Russian forces are being accused of heinous war crimes as their withdrawal from central and northern Ukraine continues. Mass graves and scenes of torture, rape and civilian executions have emerged placing immense pressure on the world to add more sanctions on Russia, and bring Putin to trial for genocide.  In spite of a withdrawal from Kyiv, reports have emerged this morning of explosions in the city. Similar reports have emerged from the western city of Lviv. Vitali Klitschko said blasts hit the Darnytskyi district on the outskirts of the city of Kyiv. He added the number of casualties was unknown and rescue workers were at the site. Governor Maksym Kozytskyi of Lviv said an air raid had taken place between 5:46 am and 7:02 am local time. He said Ukraine's air defences were working but supplied no further information on what was hit and whether there were any casualties. 