Piers Morgan famously left ITV's Good Morning Britain last year after a heated on-air spat with Alex Beresford, and the TV personality is finally returning to prime team TV this coming week. He has already teased viewers with a clip from the TalkTV show where he interviews former US President Donald Trump, who storms off the set, but in a new clip, Trump opens up about Vladimir Putin and how he would deal with the nuclear threat. With less than a day until his new show premieres, viewers are wondering just how "uncensored" Piers will be. In a brand new clip, fans see the TV personality grilling Trump about his connections to Putin. Piers said: "So what would you do right now in Ukraine, if you were the President?" Trump replied: "Putin uses the 'N word'. I call it the 'N word'. He uses the 'N word', the nuclear word all the time. That's a no-no, you're not supposed to do that. He uses it on a daily basis. Read More: ‘I switched off!’ BBC backlash as viewers blast Ros Atkins show ‘Not what we expect’ "And everybody's so afraid, so afraid, so afraid. And as they're afraid he uses it more and more. That's why he's doing the kind of things he's doing right now." With the conflict between Russia and Ukraine continuing, refugees have fled their Ukrainian homeland to find temporary solace in neighbouring countries. Trump continued: "That's right. He's preying off the fear." "He's doing them because he thinks nobody's gonna ever attack us. Because they're all stupid, and they're afraid to talk." Piers agreed with his guest as Trump added: "Instead of Biden saying, 'Oh, he's got nuclear weapons', he keeps saying he's got nukes, we have better weapons that we have the greatest submarine power in history." The former GMB presenter asked: "So what would you say and do?" Trump described: "I would say, we have far more than you do. Far, far more powerful than you. "And you can't use that word ever again. You cannot use the nuclear word ever again. And if you do, we're gonna have problems." DON’T MISS…Owain Wyn Evans husband: Who is the BBC Breakfast star married to? [LATEST]Esther McVey in pop at Harry and Meghan ‘What happened to Netflix - lost 200k subscribers'[LATEST]Prince Charles ‘at end of tether’ with Harry and ‘was not happy’ about meeting with Queen [LATEST] The first interview clip that emerged saw the pair's chat take a turn for the worse when Trump tried to take his microphone off and walk off of the set. On the stormy clip, Piers commented on the ex-president's apparent annoyance at the interview and said: "We haven't even aired it yet, and he's already released two furious statements... about a PROMO?! "Take a chill pill, Mr President - it's a great interview, even if you did lose your rag a bit." Trump's reaction in the video and demand to "turn the camera off" has intrigued fans as to what else the interview will unearth.     Trump's two statements said: "Piers Morgan, like the rest of the fake news media, attempted to unlawfully and deceptively edit his long and tedious interview. "He wanted to make it look like I walked out on the interview when my time limit of 20 minutes went over by an hour." Viewers can see the full interview when it airs on Pier's premiere show tomorrow evening. Talk TV launches at 7pm on Monday, April 25, with Piers Morgan Uncensored airing at 8pm. 