Patio weeds pop up between paving slabs. They look messy and they can destabilise your paving. One British gardener discussed the best way to kill weeds on the patio or driveway. Nicole Laird, who runs Nicole at Cherry Garden and is the co-host of the Let's Grow Girls podcast advises a certain tool. Nicole is a Peterborough-based cut flower grower, allotmenteer, and dahlia queen and has appeared on Gardener's World. She explained why weeds are more difficult when they are on the patio. She said: "Patios can be a bit trickier because they like to grow between slabs. "Try laying some good weed membrane beneath them to stop them coming up in the first place." READ MORE: Gardening jobs to do now to 'really help reduce weeds' according to gardening guru Weed membrane is also sometimes referred to as landscape fabric. It can also be called weed control fabric, week barrier, geotextile membrane, and weed protection. A weed membrane is a woven fabric that suppresses weeds. It's a good method of weeding while avoiding chemicals. The woven nature of the fabric still allows water and air to run through. DON'T MISS'I have very, very few weeds to deal with': Gardener's no dig method [INSIGHT] 'Really good': Mark Lane solution to kill weeds 'down into the roots' [EXPERT] ‘Perfect’ baking powder solution to kill weeds on your path, patio or drive [MARK LANE] To eliminate weeds on the patio with a weed membrane takes a bit of work, but it will be worthwhile in the long run, according to Nicole. Pull up the patio or driveway and lay the membrane beneath it, before placing it back. Weeb membrane can also be used for flower beds, under mulch, under gravel, and under artificial grass. Vinegar Your weeds will die within 24 hours of a good dose of vinegar. Apply it liberally with a spray bottle. Baking soda Simply sprinkle baking soda on the leaves of the plants. This will dry out the plant and kill the roots. Baking soda will damage other plants around the weed in the flowerbed, but on paving stones it is ideal. Salt Salt kills weeds too, similarly, by drying out the root. Mix some strong salty water and pour it over your patio weeds. For weeds in your lawn or flower bed, Nicole has a clever tool, which she claims is the "best strategy". Nicole uses a Japanese gardening tool to eliminate weeds in the garden. She uses a hori hori knife, with a curved, shovel-like blade. It digs "deep into the ground tackling as much of the root as possible".