Prince Harry, 37, appeared to issue a veiled warning to those closest to the Queen saying he wanted to make sure his grandmother was "protected" and had "the right people around her" in an interview with NBC's Today show. The Duke of Sussex did not elaborate on whether he was referring to royal aides or members of his own family. Daily Mirror Royal editor Russell Myers has hit out at Harry for his comments having overshadowed the Queen's 96th birthday. Speaking to Today Extra, Mr Myers said: "Obviously there are people that we speak to. "I can tell you that they are absolutely bereft at the way the situation has unfolded and why wouldn't they be? "They afforded Harry and Meghan pretty much everything that they wanted without having this sort of half in, half out model which was totally unworkable. "But they essentially left with everyone's blessing and they've continued to run roughshod over the institution that they left behind. "They've left and they've earned tens if not hundreds of millions of dollars in the process. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'concerned' new book will 'damage her image' - claim "They have a very sweet life in California and they just cannot let go and continue with these barbed comments from the other side of the world. "I just think it's deeply, deeply unfair. "Today is the Queen's birthday, her 96th birthday and we are talking about Harry and these ludicrous statements that he's making about protecting her when he was the one that left and he's the one living 5,000 miles across the other side of the world." Harry was questioned after he left a venue in The Hague, where he had been watching a powerlifting event, and as he was driven away on an electric buggy he was asked by a reporter if had managed to wish the Queen, who turned 96 on Thursday, "happy birthday". The duke turned away without speaking and ignored another journalist who asked: "How do you feel about the reaction to your interview, sir?" As the buggy pulled away another journalist asked "How are you going to protect the Queen, sir?" but got no response. In his NBC interview Harry also said he did not know if he will return to the UK to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, saying there are "security issues and everything else". And he appeared to commit his immediate future to the US, saying: "Home for me now is, you know, for the time being, it's in the States, and it feels that way as well." DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'need to be on good terms with the Queen' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's 'dig at Queen's aides' exposed - expert lifts lid [ANALYSIS]Harry and Meghan will be 'told by Netflix' to avoid Platinum Jubilee [VIDEO] The Queen was praised as an "inspiration" to so many in the UK and Commonwealth by the royal family as she celebrated her 96th birthday at her Sandringham estate. The head of state has received well-wishes from the Prince of Wales, Duchess of Cornwall and Duke and Duchess of Cambridge as she marked her birthday privately. Gun salutes rang out across the capital in honour of the Queen's anniversary and Prime Minister Boris Johnson paid tribute to the monarch for her "dedicated and faultless service" over 70 years. The Queen, who has faced mobility issues in recent months, was photographed being driven on her Sandringham Estate where she has retreated to celebrate the milestone.