It’s not yet known which shows or channels will be axed when the cuts are announced but it will be to help save £285million. Tim explained the BBC’s previous plan to “do everything with every service” was no longer viable and it needed to focus on its most popular content. He insisted whole channels would not be axed but spending would be reduced on each channel’s content. However, giving his view on Jeremy Vine on 5, Graeme Brown said the BBC “must change or die”. Host Jeremy began: “They’ve got to the Line of Duty haven’t they Graeme, the big shows, the big hits?” “Yeah and more importantly, they need to change,” Graeme replied. “The BBC needs to change or die. “Storm [Huntley] mentioned Netflix before, we’ve had it said this week that Netflix might be outdated by the people consuming media. “The BBC is run by a 10-year charter and I would contest it is run by 50-year-old sensibilities. READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' “It is just inconceivable that the BBC, without absolute catastrophic change, much, much bigger than this is ever going to be relevant. “I watch kids consume TV, the BBC is not prepared for that, and they are the consumers of the future. “It’s change or die and like I said, this is just the start really.” It comes after Tim said traditional television and radio channels will stay on our but consumers should expect to hear reused content and repeats. He stated: “What I’m not willing to do is to compromise on quality.” The director-general added the BBC is committed to ensuring the licence fee was worth its value. Tim explained they want to ensure viewers are happy with the content they get for £13 a month. “We’re not trying to be Netflix, we’re going to be highly distinctive and of the highest quality,” he said at the Voice of the Listener and Viewer conference. DON'T MISS...'Disgraced Duke!' Jennie Bond’s brutal take on Andrew ‘He's toxic' [VIDEO]Eamonn Holmes fumes over councils failure to catch fly-tippers [WATCH]GB News hit with Ofcom complaints after Eamonn's Prince Harry remark [LATEST] It comes as it was reported earlier this month, Netflix is also facing a loss as subscribers quit the streaming service. Shares in Netlix have dropped by 35 percent with users cancelling their subscription and many more reportedly set to end their contracts too. With the rise in streaming services, Netflix is said to be facing competition from the likes of Amazon Prime, Disney+, Hulu, Hayu, Starz and Paramount Plus. In order to reduce streamer’s losses, it’s said to be planning a crackdown on sharing passwords. One other reason for the slump in shares could be down to the streamer cancelling many popular series. So far in 2022, it has been revealed hit series Stranger Things will end with season five, Ozark also ends this week, Never Have I Ever is coming to an end. Archive 81 was cancelled after just one series, Locke & Key was cancelled after three seasons and On The Verge was axed after one season. Jeremy Vine on 5 airs weekdays on Channel 5 at 9.15am.