Richard Madeley sparked outrage with Good Morning Britain viewers after he and ITV co-host Kate Garraway discussed the latest claims Russian troops have used rape as a "weapon of war" against Ukrainian civilians. The duo were joined by former senior British advisor to US central command, Chip Chapman, who gave his view on the claims.  However, shortly into the segment, Madeley asked their guest: "Chip, we've said something that was widely reported this morning that rape was used as a weapon of war. How exactly is rape a weapon of war?" "It's trying to impose some sort of will on the enemy as I mentioned in Second World War times," Chapman replied. "It is absolutely horrific and if you've got compromised morality and unchecked par with those with weapons you have a lethal combination of the future. "It is absolutely disgraceful and people need to be held to account." READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in...  He went on to add: "We know the unit that was around Bucha, it was the 64 Motor Rifle Regiment Brigade. "They're the ones we need to start looking at in the first instance." Angry viewers took to social media following the segment, with many slamming the host for asking the question. Archie fumed: "Richard Madeley on #gmb has just asked, 'How exactly is rape a weapon of war?' ?????!!!!!!!" (sic) Miranda replied: "What? Can he really be as stupid as he appears?" User @Roy_the_boyo tweeted: "Madeley, 'how is rape a weapon of war?' What a d**k!!! #GMB." (sic) While user @@StevenT15921796 said: "Madeley bit too interested in the rape subject #GMB." "'How is rape a weapon of war?' - Richard Madeley on #GMB @GMB - enough! Get rid of him, please," Clare raged. DON'T MISS...Cillian Murphy says goodbye to Peaky Blinders [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow guest stunned over 'unbelievable' Rolex valuation [VIDEO]Channel 4 air Grease despite calls to never be shown again [REACTION]   Patty Cakes went on to say: "Richard Mad Madeley at it again, How is rape a weapon of war? "Don't actually know where to start with how ignorant and shocking this question is. Educate yourself!" According to Ukrainian officials, more than 30 villages and towns that had originally been attacked by Russia had been reclaimed back under Ukrainian control. The reports came after it was claimed the bodies of Ukrainian civilians were left on the streets following the Russian army's invasion. Ukrainian MP Kira Rudik, who visited the town of Bucka on Sunday, claimed she saw "dead bodies on the side of the road". The MP went on to add civilians had their hands tied behind their backs, and they had a single shot wound in the back of their heads. "There are burned bodies of women who were raped and then burned, and they took at least 15 children with them as human shields, hoping that the Ukrainian army will not be able to follow them," Rudik claimed. She added to Radio Times: "There are at least two mass graves of civilian people whose bodies were thrown just into one place." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.