Amelia (played by Daisy Campbell) has become fixated on her appearance in the last few weeks on Emmerdale, concerned about whether she can get the attention of some of the young boys in the village. A cruel and harsh rebuttal from Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) saw her confidence drop even further and she has turned to the internet for inspiration on how she should look. However, in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, her father Dan Spencer (Lia Fox) will try to help her and when it seems he is at a lost cause, he could call on Sean Spencer (Luke Roskell) for help. The drama continues in next week's episodes as it becomes clear Amelia is becoming a very different teenager from the one who was always focussed on religion. It seems a lot of her behaviour is down to what she is seeing on social media through the many influencers she follows. Instead of becoming her own person, she has begun to adopt mannerisms and styles they wear in their posts, with the youngster believing this will make her more popular. Having noticed the changes in his daughter for a few weeks, Dan ends up getting some advice from his friends in the village. They suggest a few ways in which he can help his daughter live in the real world, rather than through the virtual world of the mobile phone. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces However, although they are close, Dan does feel somewhat of a disconnect from Amelia because he is not her mother who she could get advice from. Dan tries a few of the things his friends have recommended but it is yet to be seen whether they will prove to be helpful. If all his attempts fail, it could be a case of going back to the drawing board and seeing what other action he can take to help his daughter. With Sean having not made a visit to the village in a fair few years, Dan could call on his son to come and have a word with his sister. Sean would be more than willing to help, knowing he and Amelia have a close bond and she would listen to him. As they talk, Amelia could confess how low she has been feeling with her self-confidence and the pretence she feels she has to put up. Knowing his sister is struggling with being in the village, Sean could offer her a place to stay at his so she can get a break away from the pressures of being a teenager. With nothing keeping her in the village other than her father, Amelia could agree to make an exit so she can try to build her confidence back up. Although it would be hard for Dan not to have his daughter around, he could agree this would be the best course of action. Dan also knows Sean would be able to take good care of his little sister and give her the guidance she needs to avoid the pressures of being a teenager. DON'T MISS...Paige Sandhu health: Soap star on 'terrible' anxiety - symptoms [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Paige Sandhu teases Meena’s trial fate in tense scenes [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT] It was 2014 when Sean last made an appearance on the show and this was a fleeting visit to tell his father he had suffered an injury whilst being in the forces. The actor who plays Dan, Liam, has expressed interest in his character's son returning, whether it be for a short stint or something longer. Liam explained: “I think it might be nice to see Sean come back at some point. "To be honest, I don’t know if Luke Roskell would come back because he’s doing his other stuff now. "But certainly the character of Sean, maybe sometime in the future," the soap star said in an interview with Entertainment Daily. Speaking at the time of his departure from the show, the actor who played Sean, Luke, did not hint at a comeback in the future. He said in a statement to Digital Spy: "I have had an amazing three years on Emmerdale and I will miss everyone loads. "I wanted to explore other opportunities and I am excited to find out what the future holds." As the character hasn't been killed off-screen, there is every chance he could return in the future, whether it be soon or in a few years' time. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media earlier this year, the executive producer for the show, Jane Hudson, teased some familiar faces would be returning to the village. Ahead of the soap's 50th-anniversary celebrations, she shared some plans of what could potentially be in store for viewers. The soap boss said: "We're going to be having a golden month of celebration to mark our 50th. There are going to be mind-blowing stunts, more heartbreaks, secrets and lies are revealed. It's going to be the gift that keeps on giving and the party no one wants to end. "Our 2022 is very much going to be building our stories for the 50th golden month of celebrations. We need to make this the biggest year we've ever had. "There are some really big things that will test couples' strength and them as parents, so there is a lot in store. "We might see some old faces returning, we're not sure yet. I think there is a lot coming up – the focus is really to celebrate Emmerdale turning 50." So could one of these ghosts from the past be Sean? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.