Warsaw's move, reported by Polish television channel TVP, comes amid rising tensions between Russia and what the Kremlin calls "unfriendly countries" that refuse to pay for energy in roubles. Poland, in response to Vladimir Putin's escalation of the gas matter, said the nation had been preparing for the possibility Moscow might limit its exports by diversifying supplies. Deputy Foreign Minister Marcin Przydacz confidently said: "I'm pretty sure that we will manage to handle this." Gas has been at the forefront of the West's decision-making and has since the start of the Russian invasion on February 24 greatly influenced its response to Putin's assaults. On Tuesday, after Poland refused to pay in Russia's currency, it was the first time the Kremlin cut off a country's gas supply during the war, although the threat has been looming for weeks. It also represents the first cut-off to Europe since disputes on gas prices between Russia and Ukraine in 2006 and 2009 led to disruptions in onward supplies to European nations. Anna Moskwa, Poland's climate and energy minister, confirmed it had stopped receiving supplies through the Yamal-Europe pipeline, and Mateusz Morawiecki, the Polish prime minister, said: "We have been threatened with the suspension of gas supplies by Gazprom and have taken steps to diversify supplies. We will protect Poland against this Russian measure." Ukraine LIVE: Russia threatens to bomb Britain in 'immediate' and 'high-precision' attack Similarly, Bulgaria's economy ministry said late on Tuesday Russia's state energy giant Gazprom had notified it shipments of gas would be halted from Wednesday. A statement read: "Bulgargaz received a notification today, April 26, that natural gas supplies from Gazprom Export will be suspended starting April 27. "The Bulgarian side has fully met its obligations and has made all payments required under its current contract in a timely manner, strictly and in accordance with its terms." Bulgaria's energy minister, Alexander Nikolov, condemned Putin's use of natural gas "as a political and economic weapon in the current war". He said the country had already paid for Russian gas deliveries for April and halting the supplies would be a breach of its current contract with Gazprom, adding Bulgaria would continue to observe the European Commission's stance urging countries not to pay in roubles. In a sign the Russian president's threats may not materialise after all, gas supplies under the Yamal contract to Poland edged up on Wednesday morning after dropping to zero earlier, data from the European Union network of gas transmission operators showed. However, a later statement from Gazprom said it had completely suspended gas supplies to both the Bulgarian company Bulgargaz and the Polish PGNiG as neither had paid on time in roubles. It read: "Gazprom Export has notified Bulgargaz and PGNiG of the suspension of gas supplies from April 27 until payment is made in accordance with the procedure established by the decree." DON'T MISSWorld's most powerful tanks ranked [ANALYSIS]Top weapons as Ukraine fights off Putin’s troops [EXPLAINER]Russia vs NATO: Tanks and subs compared [INSIGHT] On Wednesday morning, gas supplies under the Yamal contract to Poland edged up after dropping to zero earlier, data from the European Union network of gas transmission operators showed. As governments across Europe need to decide whether to accept Putin's terms or lose crucial supplies, which means facing the prospect of energy rationing, gas prices across the continent surged more than 20 percent, with traders digesting the sudden move and trying to figure out which countries could be hit next. The focus is now inevitably on Germany, which is heavily dependent on Russian gas. Last week the EU suggested there was a potential way out of the standoff as it said bloc members might be able to work around Russia's demand to receive gas payments in roubles without breaching sanctions if they pay in euros or dollars which are then converted into the Russian currency. The move against Poland and Bulgaria, though, probably makes some kind of compromise less likely. It also removes the EU's option of sanctioning Russian gas.