Pictures show Beatrice and Eugenie with the Tindall’s at the exclusive Scott's restaurant in London's Mayfair following the thanksgiving service for the late Prince Philip at Westminster Abbey. The Duke of York's daughters also brought along their husbands, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and Jack Brooksbank, who had also attended the memorial.  Eugenie and Beatrice were both wearing the same outfits they had worn to the service, although Beatrice had removed her hat and was carrying it in her hand. Zara had also removed her hat but seemed to be wearing a completely different coat from the one she had worn at the service. Mike and Zara were without their oldest daughter Mia who had attended the memorial service with them. Once lunch was over at the restaurant the Tindall’s were seen leaving in a black taxi.   Beatrice, Eugenie and Zara were among seven of the Queen and Prince Philip's eight grandchildren who had attended the memorial service earlier that day. Only Prince Harry was missing following concerns over security. The Duke of Sussex remains across the pond with his wife Meghan Markle and two children The Queen attended the service despite concerns about her health, in particular her mobility. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry may attend Brooklyn Beckham's wedding next week Her Majesty had been determined to attend and was heavily involved in the planning of the event. The Queen entered the Abbey with a walking stick in one hand and held on to her son, Beatrice and Eugenie's dad, Prince Andrew with the other. And it appears the sight of her father and grandmother together as the congregation sang the first hymn caused Beatrice to break down in tears. Beatrice could be seen covering her face with an order of service before reaching into her handbag for a tissue as she became visibly emotional.  DON'T MISS:  Princess Charlotte's cute gesture to teary Beatrice [REVEAL] Princess Beatrice broke royal tradition with outfit at Philip memorial [INSIGHT] Royal Family: William & Kate 'overwhelmed by remorse' after tour [SPOTLIGHT] The Duke of York’s appearance at the memorial was a controversial one and was his first public appearance since he settled his US civil court case.