Britain’s Got Talent made a return last weekend following its two-year break due to the coronavirus pandemic. Simon Cowell and his fellow judges Amanda Holden, David Walliams and Alesha Dixon were back to give their critique on some of the best acts in Britain. The panel watched a number of performances ranging from singers, dance groups and even a creepy magic act. So far, Amanda and Simon have both used their one and only golden buzzers of the series. Amanda was blown away by The Greatest Showman singer Lorren Allred, who belted out the movie's hit Never Enough. While Simon was impressed by comedian Axel Blake who left the audience and the judges in fits of laughter. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk and other press, head judge Simon admitted they have to edit some of the acts very carefully. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ He explained some of the more controversial performances can't be shown on TV. "There are always moments, particularly with some of the comedians, you’re like ‘Woah’," the music mogul began. "Well luckily, those aren’t lives we can then edit [them]. So we really consider carefully what's going to be shown and what’s not going to be shown. "Some stuff you think you know, it's okay on the day and then you watch it back and it's a bit boring, so we have a lot to choose from." During the last series of Britain's Got Talent, the ITV talent show came under fire following Diversity's controversial dance routine. In light of the Black Lives Matter movement, Ashley Banjo decided to create a routine in support of that. However, the group's performance sparked more than 24,000 Ofcom complaints at the time. Diversity sparked further uproar after the TV watchdog decided not to uphold the complaints. DON'T MISS...Neighbours theory: Hendrick Grayson to exit in tragic romance twist [SPOILERS]Simon Cowell speaks on shaking up BGT judging panel  [INISIGHT]Denise Welch clashes with Nadia Sawalha in fiery Prince Harry row  [VIDEO] Hitting back at the complaints, Simon said: "I don't know why anyone would complain about that. "And secondly, there are 65 million people in this country and how many complaints were there? "A few hundred, that’s what always makes me laugh, it’s like hundreds of complaints, but millions are watching so most people didn't complain. " Despite the backlash, the 62-year-old admitted he always encourages people to speak out about how they feel about the show. He added: "I always encourage people when they feel passionate about something to do something. "I'm not afraid of being outspoken or the people working with us being outspoken in the slightest. But we have no issues on that." On Saturday, several more acts will take to the stage in a bid to impress the judges. Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly will also be back to front the ITV show. Britain’s Got Talent returns on Saturday at 8pm on ITV.