 Conservative Party Chief Whip Chris Heaton-Harris has ordered an investigation into claims that a Tory MP watched adult footage on his phone while in the chamber. These allegations come after Deputy Leader of the Labour party Angela Rayner was accused by Tory MPs of flashing her legs to distract Boris Johnson, according to the Mail on Sunday.   It also comes as 56 MPs are being investigated for sexual misconduct including three cabinet ministers and two Labour front benchers, according to the Sunday Times. The Shadow Attorney General spoke on ITV’s political programme about the most recent event that was dubbed “disturbing” by Robert Peston. He added: “No one expects those who govern us to be saints, but I think many of us expect a bit better than this.” Co-host Anushka Asthana spoke to a senior female figure in the Conservatives who said: “Everyone was disgusted. I am personally ashamed that this has happened in our party. “The person needs to be named and shamed otherwise this hangs like a bad smell over all our male MPs.”   Mr Peston asked Ms Thornberry: “This looks like some kind of cesspool, what the hell is going on?” She replied: “I don’t really know what to say. “All I can say is that today I was in a photo that was being taken of women MPs because we’re 51 percent of the parliamentary party and I think having more women in politics is part of the answer.” She added: “It is a terrible time [for politics], of course it’s a terrible time, and I’m sorry, but may I also say, we’re led by a Prime Minister who is being given fines by the police for breaking the law. “There’s layer upon layer upon layer of this and in the end, people have to have confidence that politics can make a difference to their lives in order to ensure that our democracy is properly underpinned, and people have some faith and belief in it so they vote.” READ MORE: Grass care: How to get rid of moss from your lawn using baking soda  According to Mumsnet research, 44 percent of women do not enter politics due to a fear of misogyny in the “macho culture” of Westminster. Ms Thornberry called for the MP’s suspension while the investigation continues and said: “Unless this person is suspended then there’s a dark cloud above every single male MP on the Conservative side. “If it’s proved, there seems to be two witnesses, then they should be out.” Conservative MP Victoria Prentis was also on the Peston panel and said: “It’s clearly completely unacceptable behaviour…I’m certainly not going to apologise for anyone or say that it is. “There is no excuse for watching porn in any public environment and certainly not in the work environment.” DON'T MISS: POLL: Is Germany doing enough to support Ukraine? (POLL)Spain weather: Muddy rain and storms hit the Costa del Sol (INSIGHT)Verstappen's dad disagrees with star after lapping Hamilton at Imola (REVEAL)  On discussing the comments about Ms Rayner, Ms Prentis went as far to avoid her local papers about discussing the subject because it was “really demeaning for everybody” and “I didn’t want to [discuss it] because I don’t think it reflects well on men in Parliament either.” A near point of contention arose as Ms Thornberry remarked: “Wait a minute, you just said ‘doesn’t reflect well on men either’, you’re not implying that it didn’t reflect well on Angela because obviously she was completely innocent in all of this.” Ms Prentis quickly replied: “No of course not! I almost don’t want to talk about it Emily, because I think it’s nasty and upsetting for Angela and nasty and upsetting on all levels.” The Labour MP concluded stating that the comments against the Deputy Leader were “not just misogynistic” as they were also “sneering about class”. Both politicians agreed at the end of the segment that the culture of misogyny which has and continues to encompass Westminster is “demeaning for all of us". 