Horrified witnesses saw Martin Newman swerve across three motorway lanes in his Ford Transit, before "slamming" into a Ford Fiesta on the hard shoulder. Gracie-Ann Lucas, four, and her brother Jayden-Lee, three, suffered catastrophic brain injuries in the crash on February 5. The youngsters, who had been at a birthday party, were travelling to a family day out with their mother Rhiannon Lucas and her partner Adam Saunders. Ms Lucas suffered a torn liver and broken ribs in the crash. Cardiff Crown Court heard the night before, painter and decorator Newman, 41, had been drinking double vodka and lemonades with workmates at a Travelodge motel near Leicester. He then went back to his room and drank 10 cans of cider and took cocaine until 5am. The next day, he had sipped wine from a bottle in his van cup and was also seen by another driver "glued to his phone". Prosecutor Roger Griffiths said the family, from Tredegar, South Wales, had pulled over on the M4 in Newport, Gwent, because Gracie-Ann said she had a bad tummy. Newman's van then "slammed into the car at speed". Father-of-two Newman was found to be more than twice the drink-drive limit and over the drug-drive limit. Mr Griffiths said Newman, of Croeserw, near Neath, had been too "tired, drained and hungover" to go to work that morning and decided to drive back to Bridgend. He told police: "I want to ****ing die... I shouldn't have been in a rush to get home." Mr Griffiths said Newman had a heated phone argument with his ex just seven minutes before the smash. He admitted causing the deaths of the children and seriously injuring their mother by dangerous driving. He also pleaded guilty to driving while above the alcohol and drug limit. In a victim statement, Ms Lucas said: "The man responsible for this has taken everything I had." Jailing Newman for nine years and four months, Judge Daniel Williams said: "No punishment I pass upon you can compare with the unending suffering of those who keenly feel the loss of Gracie-Ann and Jayden-Lee." Newman was also given an extended driving ban of 14 years and eight months.