Julia Bradbury, 51, has selected a walk in Ireland as a must-do for her future walks. There are few places the presenter of Countryfile and Watchdog hasn't visited in the UK. However, one is close to her place of birth and offers stunninunitedg woodland walks, mountains and a waterful. Julia has walked across so much of the United Kingdom, picking a favouite proves a challenge. There are some places she has yet to visit, so where is on her to-do list? She told Express.co.uk: "I’m not sure there are many places in the UK have I have yet to visit. "Sometimes I get to places and go ‘oh yes, I’ve been here!’ but any mountain, park or river looks completely different one day to the next, so I like revisiting places." Julia is keen to visit her place of birth, Ireland, which is notorious for its natural beauty. READ MORE: 'No rent just a tent': I was the first person to wild camp on all 214 of England's fells Julia said: "I especially love woodland walks - and I haven’t explored too much of Ireland. "I was born in Dublin and I’d like to visit the Glengarriff Nature reserve in West Cork." Glengarriff Nature Reserve is 200 hectares across the Glengarriff Forest. The area is covered in oak woodland. It is also home to the Sika deer, known as the spotted deer or the Japanese deer, and the Kerry slug, a spotted species of slug. DON'T MISS'I had no idea': Van life traveller surprised by 'beautiful' Spain [CAMPING] Best UK spots for staycations and camping 'full of beautiful walks' [EXPERT] The UK’s best walk named as Malham Cove route in Yorkshire [FULL LIST] The reserve has a variety of nature trails, including a gentle river walk and a climb up to Lady Bantry's Lookout. There is the long Big Meadow circuit and the Esknamucky Trail, a more rugged walk with great views. The mum-of-three, who was diagnosed with cancer in 2021, previously detailed her favourite walks in the UK with Express.co.uk. Her number one choice was Dovedale Valley in Derbyshire. She also suggested Castle Crag in the Lake District, Black-a Tor Copse in Dartmoor, The West Highland Way in Scotland and a loop in the Isles of Scilly. Julia recently tackled Mam Tor in the Peak District National Park with her mum. She told her fans: "Had an emotional hike up Mam Tor today in the gorgeous Peak District. "'Mother Hill' was as welcoming as blue skies are to Skylarks today. "It's the first time my Mamamou has been up there in more than 40 years. "Three generations holding hands on the Great Ridge. There were tears." The National Trust detailed 100 of Britain's favourite walks. Here are the top 10: