Netflix’s latest coming of age show Heartstopper has taken viewers by storm, as it quickly shot to the platform’s Top 10 list. While Olivia Colman had a significant role in the series, creator Alice Oseman shared how nervous she was when it came to casting the actress.  Heartstopper premiered on Netflix last week and its heart-warming storyline tugged on the audience’s heartstrings. It followed the lives of teenagers Charlie Spring (played by Joe Locke) and Nick Nelson (Kit Conner) as they explored love and heartbreak alongside high school. The series is an on screen adaptation of a graphic book of the same name written by Alice Oseman. The storyline unfolded with Charlie, who identified as gay, forming an unlikely friendship and falling in love with Nick who sat next to him in his new form. READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry Heartstopper also depicted the reality of having supportive friends who were from all corners of the LGBTQ+ community. This included Nick’s mother Sarah Nelson, who was played by Academy Award-winning actress Olivia Colman. The creator Alice opened up about choosing Olivia and revealed why it was a nerve-wracking moment for her. Alice and the show’s producer Patrick Walters spoke to Metro.com and stated: “It was always a dream come true.” “I was talking to Alice and suggested Oliva Colman to play Nick’s mum and it felt like a total fantasy. Patrick added: “That would be brilliant but that’s incredibly unlikely, so we only sent the part to her and she said yes!” Alice chimed in: “I literally thought this was the stupidest idea ever. “I thought there was no way she would want to be a part of this or anyone famous would want to be a part of this. I was proven wrong!” DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop host Jay Blades has DIY show axed by BBC [INSIGHT] Heartstopper fans break down as Netflix hit tops ratings [REACTION]Kit Connor age: How old is the Heartstopper Nick actor? [INSIGHT] After agreeing to be a part of the series, Olivia was able to film her parts alongside Kit in just two days. This included one of the most moving scenes in the final episode when the teenager comes out as bisexual. Many viewers were left in tears after Nick’s admission, especially because Olivia’s character looked back at him with nothing but love and support. Patrick opened up about a behind the scenes moment and revealed the scene was just as emotional for the actress. The producer disclosed: “In their scene when he’s coming out to her in the rehearsal she was just looking at Kit and his performance was so moving she just burst into tears and forgot her lines.” He added: “It was a kind of amazing dream.” Patrick continued: “In being there with her on those days, she seemed to really respond to Kit and what he was doing in those scenes. “And to feel like the open communication between a mother and a son of that age, she said that was really lovely and nice to play.” Heartstopper is available on Netflix. 