Stranger Things season four is eagerly awaited by fans of the hit sci-fi series. The show is on its way back to Netflix and regular updates are being teased until its return. Express.co.uk has rounded up all you need to know about the sci-fi hit, as well as the fate of the beloved Jim Hopper (played by David Harbour). On February 17 it was announced the much-loved series would be ending with a fifth season. The announcement also revealed the release date for the fourth instalment, and the creators have decided to go against tradition. The fourth season will be split into two parts, with the first volume airing on May 27. Fans will then have to wait five weeks for part two, which will arrive on July 1. There was no expense spared on the fourth outing, with the Wall Street Journal reporting that the upcoming season cost $30 million per episode to make.  READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4 theory: Mike to turn villain Many of the major stars of Stranger Things are expected to return in season four. This includes Millie Bobby Brown as Eleven, Finn Wolfhard as Mike Wheeler, Gaten Matarazzo as Dustin Henderson, Joe Keery as Steve Harrington and Winona Ryder as Joyce Byers. Other actors expected to return include Noah Schnapp as Will Byers, Caleb McLaughlin as Lucas Sinclair, Natalia Dyer as Nancy Byers, Charlie Heaton as Jonathan Byers, Sadie Sink as Max Mayfield and Brett Gelman as Murray Bauman The biggest question over the returning cast is whether David Harbour could be coming back as Jim Hopper. The character was seemingly killed in third season finale, but it has now been confirmed he is alive. This will be exciting news for fans who will be able to see the star back in action. Netflix has also confirmed some new faces will be joining the cast for season four as well. This includes Eduardo Franco as Argyle and Jamie Campbell Bower as Peter Ballard. Other new stars include Joseph Quinn, Mason Due, Robert Englund and Tom Wlaschiha. The official trailer was released in April 2022 and it fans heard an eerie voice saying: "You've broken everything". They could see clips of the damaged portal to the Upside Down, which Hopper and Eleven attempted to close in the previous season. The voice adds: "Your suffering is almost at an end." Max is then seen paying tribute to her brother Billy, saying: "I don't even know if you can hear this, ever since you left everything has been a total disaster. "For a while we tried to be happy, normal, I know it's impossible." READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4: Does Upside Down clock confirm renewal? Aside from the hint that the latest season will be expanding outside of Hawkins, Indiana, there have been a few more clues about its potential direction. This was teased by a mid-credits scene at the end of the third season that opened on a Russian laboratory in Kamchatka. In the short scene, it was revealed that the Russians had a Demogorgan in their possession, as well as an American prisoner. This scene caused major speculation about who this could be after Jim Hopper’s devastating death in the season three finale. READ MORE: Stranger Things season 4: 5 questions fans want to see answered Now, Netflix has confirmed Hopper is the prisoner afterall in a tense teaser. This showed the beloved character in Russia - and this is bound to be what a lot of season four focuses on. As well as this, there have been some hints in the teaser trailer which featured a number of Easter Eggs. Eleven is warned "we cannot win this war", suggesting her demise could be imminent as she makes the ultimate sacrifice to save the world. Stranger Things seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Netflix. Season 4 airs on May 27.