Selling Sunset season five has just arrived on Netflix and the reality series delivered plenty of drama. Romance was also on the cards for some of the Oppenheim Group agents, including Emma Hernan. She met property developer Micah at a house viewing and the pair found plenty in common. Selling Sunset fans were blown away by the heartthrob Micah who joined the latest season. The entrepreneur and property developer had been working on a stunning home in Beverly Hills, California. He was also planning to open a restaurant and mezcaleria at 3216 Glendale Blvd in LA, which is now called Sagrado. Micah won Emma over with his passion for business and his family, two things she also values highly in life. Fans are keen to find out more about Micah, including his surname which is missing from his credit in the show. READ MORE: Casualty theory: Dylan Keogh's secret rumbled in affair twist Micah has kept his surname off his social media profiles, but elsewhere online he has been named Micah McDonald. As for whether the restaurant owner is still seeing Emma in a romantic way, it appears this is not the case. Emma spoke to Us Weekly in December 2021 saying her job was keeping her busy. She said: "Honestly, I haven’t been dating even though I’m single. I’ve been so busy with work and everything else. "But I’m sure, of course, me and Chrishell [Stause], you know, [now we’re] single together [and] we’ll have some fun girl time." The pair had been on a romantic date ahead of Micah's official restaurant opening. Emma is known for her empanada business and Micah vowed to use her delicacies on his menu. True to his word, it seems the pair still have some form of working relationship. Micah hails from Texas and he is on Instagram under @iam_micah. He and Emma do not appear to follow each other, suggesting they are no longer exploring a romance. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Carla Connor and Peter split after betrayal [THEORY] Antiques Roadshow guest in awe over £4 charity shop frame valuation [VIDEO] Emma Hernan suffers wardrobe mishap in front of Selling Sunset cast [INSIGHT] His latest Instagram post was of the completed house in Beverly Hills, which boasts over four levels and a stunning pool. The home was just a work in progress when Selling Sunset was filmed, so fans have loved seeing the finished product. Micah said: "The vision for this home began back in 2016! More than five years later the vision became reality! She came out even better than expected!" One fan commented: "Just saw this on the show. It looked great then but this is fabulous!! The spa [heart emoji] You are very talented!" Danifeped's added: "And having @emmahernan as your consultant, this is a bomb! We need more Micah in @sellingsunset please!" Lifeofgingerly shared: "Doing it TX style, big and gorgeous. My takeaway from SS: I need to visit the mezcaleria." Micah's restaurant has its own website and it says: "We introduce our customers to the sacred techniques of Mezcal making kept secret for generations within the Mezcal families of the Oaxaca region. "It is with pride that we bring their legendary stories and their Mezcal to the world."  Selling Sunset season 5 is on Netflix now.