Charley Webb, 34, has taken to social media to give fans the latest update on her son Ace, two. The former Emmerdale star shared a picture of Ace sporting a cast on his right arm as he watched Peppa Pig on a tablet in the car. In view of her 561,000 followers, Charley wrote: “Someone fell off the trampoline and broke 2 little bones. “Back next week for his proper cast. “A&E twice in the past for this little terror.” The actress added: “Got a cute new leather car seat though, so….. not all bad. @cozynsafe” Charley’s new Story post comes a month after Ace fell ill and had to be taken to hospital. She shared an Instagram video of herself explaining how it had been "beyond scary" to see her son feel unwell. In the clip, shared in February, Charley said: "So we've had a stressful few days. "Ace has been poorly since Friday, being sick, on and off, but he's just been really lethargic. "And then on Saturday, he took a turn for the worse and we had to get him to hospital." Charley then explained that Ace was getting better, but highlighted that the illness had been “scary”. She said: "So yeah, he's not been great but today he's turned a bit of a corner. "But it's been really scary. Ambulance, everything." DON'T MISS...Mick Jagger's daughter Jade, 50, and his girlfriend, 35, stun at event [LATEST]'I'm a jealous person' Emma Willis banned husband Matt from Strictly [INSIGHT]Penny Lancaster, 51, puts on affectionate display with Rod Stewart, 77 [PICTURES] She added: "There's nothing worse than when your kids are poorly." Charley gave further insight into her scare in the caption of her video. The Debbie Dingle actress wrote: "I've never had one so poorly and it's been beyond scary. "The hospital and paramedics were amazing with him. "So important to always follow your instinct. It's taken him until day 6 to be back to normal. "So happy to have my little terror back." Charley shares Ace, as well as sons Buster and Bowie, with her husband and Emmerdale co-star Matthew Wolfenden. The couple have been married since 2018.