Spring is the perfect time to enjoy a getaway with your loved ones. Warner Leisure Hotels now has an exciting offer that’s perfect for a short staycation. Warner Leisure Hotels is offering guests free £100 spending money for guests booking a Dinner, Bed & Breakfast break. Available on stays in April and May, the offer is great for planning a spring staycation. The £100 can be spent however you wish and there are plenty of options available at Warner Leisure Hotels. Guests can use the spending money to redeem an exciting excursion, afternoon tea, a night at the bar or to treat themselves to a relaxing spa treatment. Warner Leisure Hotel has several hotels across the UK including Somerset, Isle of Wight, Cheshire and more. To redeem, enter the code ‘APRIL100’ when booking. Book the £100 offer here. Plus, there are more late deals available for stays in April and May at Warner Leisure Hotels. Guests can book a stay for four nights from 25 April 2022 onwards at Alvaston Hall in Cheshire for a bargain price and the deal includes daily breakfast, three-course dinners and activities. The main attraction is a performance by Benjamin Moss who will be performing soulful songs and comedian Ben Nickless will also be performing. Book on Warner Leisure Hotels (£329 per person) Guests can book a stay for four nights from 2 May 2022 onwards at Gunton Hall Coastal Village in Suffolk for a bargain price and the deal includes daily breakfast, three-course dinners and activities. The main attraction is a performance by Kieran Sutcliffe who will be performing songs from the Everly’s and ballroom activities. Book on Warner Leisure Hotels (£259 per person) Guests can book a stay for three nights from 2 May 2022 onwards at Littlecote House in Berkshire for a bargain price and the deal includes daily breakfast, three-course dinners and activities. The main attraction is a show by 2 Smooth, multi-instrument duo with songs from the 50s to the present day and comedy entertainer Jeff Stevenson, as well as party dancing and leisure activities. Book on Warner Leisure Hotels (£299 per person)