Mr Macron has been re-elected for a second term beating far-right candidate Marine Le Pen by a comfortable margin, according to official results so far. France’s interior ministry puts Mr Macron on 51.29 percent of the vote in comparison to 48.71 percent for Ms Le Pen. France headed to the polls on Sunday, April 24, to vote in a run-off election between current French President Mr Macron and Ms Le Pen. The outcome of the election, with Mr Macron winning a second term, not only affects the future of France but has wider implications for Europe as well as the UK. In Mr Macron’s victory speech at the Champ de Mars by the Eiffel Tower, he thanked French voters for trusting him after “five years of hard times”. He said: “From now on, I'm no longer the candidate of one camp, but the president of all.” UK Shadow Foreign Secretary David Lammy congratulated Mr Macron for “defeating the far-right to win a historic second term”. He said: “This is a victory for democracy and co-operation over nationalism and intolerance. “The UK-France relationship is vital for both countries. “As Putin continues his illegal war in Ukraine, it is more vital than ever that the continent of Europe and our Nato allies remain united in defence of our common security.” In a poll that ran ahead of the French elections, from 11am on Saturday, April 23, to 6pm on Sunday, April 24, Express.co.uk asked: “Who do you think Britain should be most worried about, Le Pen or Macron?” A total of 1,699 people responded with the vast majority, 76 percent (1,290 people) voting that a Macron win is most worrying for Britain. Meanwhile, 19 percent (330 people) said a Le Pen win is most worrying and just five percent (79 people) said they did not know either way. Before the results were announced dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article with readers sharing their views on the French presidential candidates. DON'T MISS:Gloating Macron delivers victory speech as he vows he is 'guardian' of France in new era [LATEST]French election results LIVE: Emmanuel Macron VICTORY as Marine Le Pen admits defeat [LIVE BLOG]French election riots erupt as police clash with protestors angry at Macron victory [REPORT] Username RavenOn said: “Macron has already proven he hates the UK, so I would like to see Le Pen win.” Username Littleislander said: “It doesn’t matter which one wins. Traditionally the French politicians hate the English.” Another, username Bumpy Grollix said: “I'm not 'worried' about either of them but then neither are friends of the UK.” Others were not concerned about either as they could not influence the outcome. Username ScreenDrifter said: “Can't say I'm worried about the success of either candidate.” Username 3downnotout said: “Who can be worried about something they personally have no control [over].” And username Kittykat100 wrote: “France is a democracy, so it’s up to them who they elect.” Following the results, Europe director of the EurasiaGroup consultancy, Mujtaba Rahman, said that the result is a “great victory”. He tweeted: “This is a great triumph for Emmanuel Macron, in all the circumstances: a victory for Europe, a victory for democracy and above all a victory for France.” Yet Ségolène Royal, the Socialist candidate defeated by Nicolas Sarkozy in 2007 warned the close victory could cause future trouble for Macron. She said: “I think that the French have been deprived of a true choice. It would be a serious mistake on the part of Emmanuel Macron to consider that this re-election means that he can continue carrying out the same policy, in the same manner, for the next five years.” Ms Le Pen has not given up after conceding defeat and vows to fight Mr Macron in the run-up to June parliamentary elections. She said: “The French showed this evening a desire for a strong counterweight against Emmanuel Macron, for an opposition that will continue to defend and protect them.”