Melissa Twigg said that while Meghan Markle “oozes LA stealth wealth” and that Kate Middleton was a “little too styled”, Sophie’s fashion sense was more relatable. The Countess of Wessex has dazzled fashion watchers during her recent royal tour of St Lucia, St Vincent and the Grenadines and Antigua and Barbuda with her husband Prince Edward.  Ms Twigg described Sophie’s relatable style as that of a “glamorous godmother at an English country wedding.” She said in The Telegraph: “As wedding season ramps up, and women everywhere open their wardrobes - or their internet browsers - looking for inspiration, the answer may lie in the Countess of Wessex’s latest ‘tourdrobe’. “Over the last week, Sophie and Edward have followed in the footsteps of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and embarked on their own visit to the Caribbean islands – this time St Lucia, St Vincent and the Grenadines, Antigua and Barbuda. “The steamy temperatures, sunshine and endless array of events make a royal tour the ideal opportunity to dress up in the sort of pretty colours and flattering shapes we’ve been sorely missing over the last two years.   “If I had to describe Sophie’s tourdrobe, it would be ‘glamorous godmother at an English country wedding’. “In fact, I’d be far more likely to copy Sophie’s tour outfits than the Catherine Walker-style coat dresses she tends to wear to actual weddings.” Ms Twigg also described in detail the brands that the Countess prefers, admitting that despite her everywoman appeal they don’t come cheap. She explained: “Much like the Duchess of Cambridge, the Countess of Wessex, who’s 57, mostly wore pieces from independent brands in the Caribbean – pieces that were well-made without veering too far into luxury territory READ MORE:Harry and Meghan 'tried to enforce' royal tour rules in The Hague stay “Silhouette-wise, all of Sophie’s dresses were very similar: elbow or bracelet-length sleeves, a nipped-in waist and a long skirt. “Sophie’s best outfits included a calf-length pink and yellow polka dot dress from her perennial favourite, Suzannah, which cost £1050, which she paired with Kate-style nude heels. “It’s not cheap, but it’s not in the same realm as Meghan’s £38,000 Invictus Games wardrobe – and for any mothers of the bride wondering anxiously what to buy for their daughter’s wedding this summer, it could be a good option, given it’s a dress you could re-wear for years to come. “For anyone feeling understandably queasy about spending four figures, the Countess of Wessex also wore several more affordable pieces on tour – and nodded to the high street when she went to an event in St Lucia in a £225 floral dress with a tiered hem by Me+Em.” DON'T MISS:  Zara Tindall 'stopped cooking' for Mike after giving up red meat [REVEAL] Prince Harry 'refuses to bend' on Camilla title [INSIGHT] Queen faces fresh republican woes in the Caribbean [SPOTLIGHT]  The Countess’ choice in accessories also reflected the area she was touring, as she sported a £795 gold pendant by London jeweller Cassandra Goad engraved with the Bob Marley quote ‘Love the life you live, live the life you love’. Ms Twigg further acknowledged Sophie’s rising popularity as a representative of the Royal Family: “What is indisputable is that the Countess of Wessex has become the surprise star of the Firm in recent years.” 