Lynnett Alptekin, 40, abused her position of trust over four years by creating false invoices and fake suppliers to transfer the cash into 10 of her personal bank accounts. A court heard the accountant, who is now heavily pregnant, eventually confessed to splurging the cash on luxury items and holidays to Turkey. But Alptekin's crooked behaviour went undetected until a new financial controller was employed by the family-run firm in Clay Cross, Derbyshire, and noticed bank discrepancies. The company "nearly closed" as a result of the fraud and bosses even had to make one member of staff redundant due to the losses, reports Derbyshire Live. Alptekin was eventually arrested and was yesterday sentenced to three years in jail for fraud by abuse of position. The defendant admitted the offence at Derby Crown Court. Jailing the accountant, Recorder Justin Wigoder said: "In my opinion the reason for your offending was greed. You were employed as an accountant and they trusted you. "You realised it was easy to steal from them, you began with smaller sums and they became larger and larger. Sustained criminality over a long period of money that seems to have gone on a house, a car and trips to see your husband. "The impact has been graphically illustrated by the victim impact statement. The impact on the business was very nearly terminal and the impact personally on them was huge."   Max Crampton, company director of Carlton Technologies, said he'll suffer the impact of the fraud for many years. A victim impact statement read out in court said: "We are a family-run business started by my parents in 1997 and I took over the running of it in 2019. We thought it was successful, employing six people and due to the fraud carried out by Lynnett the company nearly closed and this would have meant the loss of those six jobs. "I had to make one person redundant which was incredibly hard for me. I had to take out a personal loan against my family home for £150,000 which, if the business had folded, would have meant I'd have lost my family home. Our credit rating was destroyed and we struggled financially. The impact of the fraud will impact us for years to come." Alptekin syphoned cash into her own accounts weeks after she started her role in September 2015 up until shortly before her dimissal in December 2019. Aaron Dinnes, prosecuting, said: "There were 246 suspicious payments into 10 different bank accounts totalling £362,103.73. Each one was between £60 and £3,000. "She said she did not know how much money she had taken but had used it to buy a house and on trips to Turkey. She said she was 'not in a good head space'." Alptekin, who is married, has no previous convictions. The defendant, from Osmaston, Derby, is due to give birth in June. Ali Naseem Bajwa QC, mitigating, had urged the judge to give Altpekin a suspended sentence. "This was a terrible series of events and the impact has been extremely serious financially and emotionally. There are some mental health issues, that's not an excuse but it is substantial mitigation," the lawyer said. But Altpekin was jailed and police will soon look to claw back the stolen cash through the Proceeds of Crime Act.