Charles Leclerc admits his Ferrari engineers will have some work to do overnight to find out why they lost so much pace to Max Verstappen towards the end of the sprint in Imola on Saturday, with the Dutchman taking the chequered flag. Leclerc and Verstappen have been battling at the front of the grid since the first race of the season and that's continued this week into Imola. The Dutchman was able to capitalise in a chaotic qualifying session on Friday to secure pole ahead of Leclerc for Saturday's sprint. But the reigning world champion got off to a slow start after the lights went out with Leclerc quickly taking the lead into Tamburello. Zhou Guanyu's crash a few corners later led to a Safety Car period, which gave Leclerc some breathing room. And the Ferrari driver was soon pulling away from his championship rival when the track was green to restart the race. It looked as though Leclerc would be heading for his first sprint win, but graining on his tyres allowed Verstappen to close up in the final few laps. And he was powerless to Verstappen overtaking on the penultimate lap with the Red Bull star taking the chequered flag and all eight points on offer. JUST IN: Toto Wolff answers question on Lewis Hamilton after being left angry  Leclerc wasn't too downbeat after the sprint, but admits that his garage have some work to do in order to find out why their tyres were not able to last as long as the Red Bull. "It's still a front row start," he said. "We struggled with the tyres at the end, so we need to analyse that for tomorrow. We need to make sure that we're ready. DON'T MISS  "The pace was good until then, we started to have some graining on the front left and lost it towards the end. That's life, we'll go to work and come back stronger tomorrow." Sergio Perez clinched the final podium spot after he was able to overtake Lando Norris with Carlos Sainz also climbing above the Brit. Daniel Ricciardo, Valtteri Bottas and Kevin Magnussen made up the final eight with Mercedes unable to get anywhere near challenging for the points. George Russell finished where he started in 11th while Lewis Hamilton dropped down to 14th, where the pair will start tomorrow's race.