King Henry VIII famously had six wives during his tumultuous 36-year reign over Tudor England. His extraordinary life will be explored on Channel 5 tonight in ‘Hampton Court: Behind Closed Doors’. The documentary takes viewers inside Henry’s former royal residence on the River Thames in southwest London. Hampton Court was once the King’s pleasure palace, devoted to his lavish displays of wealth and his gluttonous appetite. Sandra Vasoli, who is based in the US, wrote the 2015 book ‘Anne Boleyn's Letter from the Tower: A New Assessment’. She spoke of her amazement at a collection of 17 letters Henry penned to his Queen, which are housed in the Biblioteca Apostolica in the Vatican Library in Rome. She said: “When I first looked at them, there's something that just comes off the page. “You can see them digitised and there are a couple of them that are fairly available on the internet, even though the Vatican Library does protect them. “But when you see them in person, when you sit right there with them, it's so uncanny. “There is just an aura that comes off of them that is very hard to describe.” The historian, who is writing a new book about the letters, claimed they expose intriguing details about the couple’s relationship. She said: “Some of them you can kind of mark in time, but others you cannot. “But what I found the first time I looked at them was that Henry pursued her for almost seven years, and she kept him at bay. “She kept him at a distance. And really, in that way, she was alluring and seductive, but she didn't really return affection. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'pushed out' to stop clash with 'lazy' Kate and William, Vine guest slams [LATEST]Royal POLL: Can Harry and Meghan help boost Netflix after major subscriber loss? [INSIGHT]Sophie and Edward 'forgiven' by Royal Family after 'humiliating' misstep early on [ANALYSIS] “And a lot of people even say he was a predator and she was trying to get away from him.” However, Ms Vasoli’s interpretation of the letters, which are not dated, was that Henry and Anne shared a deep love for one another. She said: “I looked through them, I came away from that session knowing that she loved him, that she grew to love him. “And she loved him, I would say, as much as he loved her. And that surprised me. “But one of the really notable things about the early ones is that it is like a schoolboy who is writing. “The early ones were very, very neat. We know Henry did not like to write. He had scribes, secretaries who wrote for him all the time. “His handwriting was large, just like him. Large and very bombastic.” ‘Hampton Court: Behind Closed Doors’ airs on Channel 5 tonight from 7:15pm. ‘Anne Boleyn's Letter from the Tower: A New Assessment’ was written by Sandra Vasoli and published by MadeGlobal Publishing in 2015. It is available here.