The Republic en Marche leader won a second round of voting at the weekend, seeing off right-wing rival Marine Le Pen with 58.5 percent of the vote to her 41.5 percent. However, his re-election poses worries that the ardent anti-Brexit figure continues “to make the UK’s relationship with the EU as difficult as possible”.  Mr Macron’s win last week may have been well over the 50 percent threshold, but was a drop in the proportion of the vote he received by over seven percent when compared with the 2017 results. During the first round, the incumbent President had received nearly 28 percent of the vote, out of a field of 12 candidates. Mr Macron, Ms Le Pen and left-wing candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon were the only candidates to garner more than 20 percent of the vote share. Douglas Murray, a political commentator and author of The Strange Death of Europe, commented that Mr Macron should not feel smug about the victory as there was “little love for him in France”.  READ MORE: Macron faces Frexit demands as eurosceptics rising since ‘2002' He added that there was “even less enthusiasm about how he has governed the country”, claiming that the main reason the French President won a second term was because “his surname is not Le Pen”. Mr Macron “saw Brexit Britain as an affront to his deepest values”, Mr Murray said, as a staunch Europhile who has been seen as looking to take unofficial leadership of the EU from Germany and return it to France. The European leader came to bitter verbal blows with Boris Johnson last year amid a row over licences for French vessels to ship in British waters. A member of Mr Macron’s cabinet at one point threatened to cut off the power supply to Jersey over the issue, before later withdrawing the threat.  Mr Macron allegedly described Mr Johnson as “a clown” during the dispute. Mr Murray said that Mr Macron’s statements following Brexit were in “a tone so petty that it is amazing it came from a grown-up”. The Prime Minister has publicly remained cordial with Mr Macron, previously citing the long friendship the two nations have had when questioned on the diplomatic spat. Following the election win at the weekend, Mr Johnson voiced his congratulations to Mr Macron, reiterating that France was “one of our closest and most important allies”.  DON'T MISS Brexit: Major shock as EU imports fall by a quarter [ANALYSIS] Lavrov fires chilling threat to US 'Make sure New York NEVER forgets' [REPORT] Emmanuel Macron SNUBS Boris! President speaks to Biden but not PM [INSIGHT] Commenting in the Sun yesterday (Monday), Mr Murray said: “For Britain the question [now] is whether or not he will give up his rude and arrogant attitude towards this country. “Over the past five years Britain has been an easy kicking-dog for Macron. As a fevered supporter of ever more EU integration, Macron hated Britain voting to leave the EU. “And in the years since Brexit he has done everything he can to make the UK’s relationship with the EU as difficult as possible. “There was never any need for this. If France had ever given its people a vote on EU membership, it is very likely the French would have voted to leave too.”  Mr Murray added that if that had been the case, the UK would have treated France “decently”. He continued: “It is in nobody’s interests to have a child in charge of France. It is in no one’s interests to have a vengeful counterpart in Paris.  “From the economy to illegal migration, this country and France need to work together. As Johnson showed in congratulating Macron on his victory, there is goodwill on this side of the Channel. “Will it be reflected across the water? That is the choice of one man. Emmanuel Macron.” 