Paul Pogba is primed to leave Manchester United as a free agent for the second time in his career this summer. And whilst the Frenchman will likely attract plenty of heavyweight interest, he could favour a return to his homeland with Ligue 1 giants Paris Saint-Germain. According to Foot Mercato, Pogba has met with PSG sporting director Leonardo to discuss a potential summer switch. The Parisiens have made him their 'top priority' in the hope of bolstering their midfield following another anti-climactic Champions League campaign. The 29-year-old midfielder has also indicated that his family are eager to move to Paris once his six-year spell in England comes to a close. But latest developments could leave him in the dark with less than three months until his United contract expires. The report adds that an overhaul is expected at the end of the season after PSG's latest European collapse, and some French media believe Leonardo will be forced out of the club. He is currently working on summer transfer targets, including Pogba, and is involved in the proposed restructure. JUST IN: Eriksen view on Tottenham return outlined as bidding war poised Despite continuing his operations, for now, PSG's Qatari owners are yet to inform the 52-year-old whether he'll still operate as the club's sporting director beyond the summer. The French champions-elect have even approached several other candidates to potentially take up the role in recent months. Such circumstances might not leave Pogba with significant confidence, given the primary link between the World Cup winner and PSG potentially won't even be present next season. And it could give the upper hand to other clubs in the race for his services, with Juventus and Real Madrid also linked. READ MORE: Liverpool's Jurgen Klopp launches angry rant at BT and Premier League After leaving as a breakthrough talent in 2012 under Sir Alex Ferguson, Pogba re-joined United from Juventus four years later in a then-world record £89million deal. But the France international hasn't had the impact at Old Trafford that he promised; his only silverware since was the League Cup and Europa League in 2017. The Red Devils are expected to undergo somewhat of a talent overhaul in the summer transfer window, in line with the incoming arrival of a new permanent manager. It seems fitting that the club's record signing, and one of several big-money flops under Ed Woodward's reign, is departing at the start of a fresh era under new chief executive Richard Arnold. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.