The impact of sanctions imposed on Moscow by the UK, US and EU are having a devastating impact with the Kremlin scrambling to keep the economy afloat. Moscow has been badly hit by measures being slowly ratcheted up since the invasion of Ukraine on February 24. It has left Russia isolated economically, cut off from accessing foreign currencies while its banks are unable to use the SWIFT payments system - which speeds up transactions between countries. Western companies have also pulled out of the country, suspending trading in Russia. More than six weeks into the Ukraine conflict, Western officials believe tough measures are badly hurting Moscow. One said: "Russia is on course for a deep recession in 2022. READ MORE ON OUR UKRAINE LIVE BLOG  "GDP growth forecasts range from minus seven percent to -12 percent. "That would mean it's worse than the 1998 financial crisis which hit Russia, but also worse than 2008 for them." In 1998, the Russian stock, bond and currency markets collapsed in what became known as the "Ruble crisis". It led to the Ruble being devalued and Moscow defaulting on its debt. The economy shrank by 5.3 percent and widespread protests broke out across the country. Western allies have been working in collaboration to ensure maximum impact from sanctions on Vladimir Putin and his cronies. READ MORE: Germany backs down and REFUSES to cut energy ties with Russia  Prime Minister Boris Johnson has spoken of his desire to turn Russia into a "pariah" on the world stage as punishment for his incursion into Ukraine. It is hoped the crippling impact of the sanctions on the Russian economy will force Putin and the Kremlin into a rethink on war. Today, No10 indicated Mr Johnson is eager to impose even further sanctions on Moscow after fresh evidence of atrocities in Ukraine emerged. DON'T MISS:Putin 'deliberately' cut himself off from bad news about Ukraine [INSIGHT]Putin's troops 'execute Ukrainian mayor with husband and son' [UPDATE]Russian state TV fumes about UK in desperate propaganda [WATCH]  Mass graves have been discovered in areas where Russian forces had withdrawn from around Kyiv and there have been reports of the military using rape as a way to terrorise the civilian population. The Prime Minister's official spokesman said scenes over the weekend were "barbaric". He said: "These are despicable attacks against innocent civilians and they are yet more evidence that Putin and his army are committing what appear to be war crimes in Ukraine and certainly leave us in no doubt that it's entirely right to continue to go further on sanctions, on defensive military aid, and all other measures to put pressure on Putin and his regime to turn back and stop this war." He added: "We will continue to speak with our allies about how we can move further and as much as possible in lockstep to continue to ratchet up the pressure."  Foreign Secretary Liz Truss added: "Putin is yet to show he is serious about diplomacy. A tough approach from the UK and our allies is vital to strengthen Ukraine's hand in negotiations. "Britain has helped lead the way with sanctions to cripple the Putin war machine. "We will do more to ramp up the pressure on Russia and we will keep pushing others to do more. "We will continue to support those who are suffering as a result of Putin's illegal invasion of Ukraine, including the victims of sexual violence and those in need of humanitarian support."