Britain has been pushing the administrations of former US president Donald Trump and current incumbent Joe Biden for a free trade agreement (FTA) for years. The United States and Britain ended a four-year dispute over US steel and aluminium tariffs on March 23, leading some to believe it could smooth the way towards an FTA. But Katherine Tai, US counterpart to Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan, appeared to pour cold water on the prospect of a trade agreement, telling a press conference in March that such a deal was a "very 20th century tool". Ms Tai said: "A free trade agreement is a tool. A very 20th Century tool. It has its place in the toolbox. "I want to ensure the conversations and the approaches that we bring today, especially with the pressures that were facing, are maximally responsive so that we don't spend years and spend a lot of blood, sweat and tears working on something that isn't going to be relevant to the needs of our people and our economies." Dr Peter Holmes, a fellow at the University of Sussex's UK Trade Policy Observatory, told Express.co.uk: "The US is not very interested in free trade agreements.  "The Biden administration is concerned about promoting good quality American jobs, restoring the US lead in advanced technology and strategic independence, where possible, from China. What can the UK contribute to that? Not very much." He added that Biden's push for a worker-centred, domestic trade policy and carbon reductions do not fit completely with the British Government's approach. Dr Holmes said: "The British Government is not the natural partner of a Biden administration. Biden does not feel opening US markets to British exports is the top priority for trade policy. "They are not interested in trade liberalisation."  READ MORE ABOUT BREXIT BRITAIN REPAIRING ITS RELATIONSHIP WITH THE EU A Government spokesperson said: "We’re working hard to build on our already strong trade links with the US and have just negotiated an expansive removal of Section 232 tariffs on our steel and aluminium exports. "We will work with our US partners on delivering a broad and ambitious trade agenda through our joint trade dialogues and programme of state-level engagement, and we will resume full FTA negotiations when they are ready." However, of more interest to Washington is the European Union which, Dr Holmes said, is far more in tune with the Biden administration's priorities on reducing subsidies and cutting planet-warming carbon emissions. Britain's refusal in its Trade and Cooperation Agreement (TCA) with the EU to restrict industrial subsidies puts the UK at odds with Brussels and Washington.  DON'T MISS: Children set fire to Morrisons in town where parents must 'get a grip' [REPORT] New study finds walking may add 15 years to your life - Dr Ellie's tip [LATEST] Queen gave Camilla Queen title to stop Harry from 'harming' her [REVEALED] Signs of pressure on the Government to row back on its net zero commitments, and the promises to protect sacked P&O employees made "under duress", are further signs of divergence between London and Washington, according to Dr Holmes. And along with Japan, the UK looks likely to be locked out of EU-US negotiations over a global arrangement to address excess capacity and carbon intensity in the steel and aluminium industries. US Trade Representative Katherine Tai said on March 22 that the United States' vision for the global arrangement "requires that other leading countries and economies participate too". But the US and the EU have not stated when they will invite other countries to participate in the negotiations, according to a report by global law firm White & Case.  It said US officials also suggested Washington would prefer to negotiate at least some elements of the global arrangement bilaterally with the EU to ensure that they reflect "high ambitions." Dr Holmes said: "The UK is really on the outside. Biden does not have the same interest as the Trump administration in opening up British markets. "The agricultural industry is not as important to Biden as it was to Trump. Biden would not consider privatisation of the NHS, in trade terms. Generally and strategically, Britain has marginalised itself by Brexit. The EU is the big player now." A UK-US FTA would be interesting to Washington if the NHS was opened up to American healthcare providers and Britain revised its food safety standards, but both would be "incredibly difficult" for London to offer, Dr Holmes said.  He cautioned: "The US does not care about those aspects of trade enough to give the British sweeteners." The UK diverging from European standards towards the US would also cause further problems in Northern Ireland which the Biden administration would want to avoid. On the US-UK steel and aluminium tariffs deal, Dr Holmes said: "This deal does not represent a first step towards signing a free trade deal. "[The US is] not interested in FTAs as they don't address the top priorities of the Biden administration. It reflects the fact that Britain is out on a limb."  Since May 2020 the Government has had five rounds of negotiations with the last in October of that year. A source told Express.co.uk that much of the legal text was agreed across multiple chapters through the course of the negotiations. Ms Trevelyan and Ms Tai hosted the first joint UK-US Dialogue on the Future of Atlantic Trade in Baltimore, Maryland, in March. A second joint UK-US meeting is being planned for the UK in late April with the aim of identifying further steps to develop the bilateral trade relationship.  The Government insists that negotiating a comprehensive and ambitious transatlantic free trade deal is more important than meeting any deadline. Dr Holmes said: "For the time being, it's difficult to see a really serious free trade agreement on the cards, particularly under the Biden administration." 