The nation is unable to cope with the amount of flights departing from UK airports due to staff shortages and a massive influx of travel post-pandemic. The chaos at UK airports can be attributed to a number of factors. For the first time in around two years, holidaymakers are free from most travel restrictions, prompting more people to take a trip abroad over the Easter break. More travellers in airports means a need for more staff. But a surge in Covid cases means that while it is no longer a legal requirement that those with the virus isolate, many airport staff have become too unwell to go to work. Coming out of the pandemic, UK airports are also tremendously understaffed, which has only compounded the problem. READ MORE: Costa Blanca tourist tax causes strong reaction Manchester Airport has been particularly chaotic in recent weeks, with one holidaymaker, Jack Makin, describing the scenes he witnessed as utter "mayhem". The airport reportedly saw five-hour long queues, where the health of some travellers was put into question, according to Jack. He stated that one child was sick from "dehydration and exhaustion". He continued: "Kids were having to pee in the plastic bags that you'd usually put liquids in. It was horrific. "Trust me when I say this was the worst experience I've ever had at an airport, and I've travelled quite a lot." The chaos was so bad that Jack and his wife, Laura Story-Makin, were worried they would miss their flight, eventually boarding their 8.05pm flight at 11:15pm, arriving in Malta at around 5am for a well-deserved holiday. Explaining the reason for the chaos, he said: "We were flying out of Terminal 3 but had to go through Terminal 1 to their security, and then across the Terminal 3 to fly as Terminal 3 didn't have the staff to open security there. "So we had two terminals worth of people going through one security area. It was mayhem." Jack then revealed that both a woman and older man collapsed during the course of their flight, but that Ryanair staff were "amazing", he told Manchester Evening News. Manchester Airport issued a statement apologising for the delays. "We also have a special assistance service available for passengers who are less mobile and those who cannot stand for long periods, which can be pre-booked through their airline. "We have launched one of our largest ever recruitment drives and hundreds of new security staff are in the process of being vetted and trained. Unfortunately though, this is not a quick process, and at times in the coming weeks, we do expect wait times in security to be up to 90 minutes." Ken Wells took to Twitter, stating: "An embarrassment of an operation, it's killing Manchester's reputation internationally, I know people who won't go there just because of how this airport is operated." Express.co.uk has contacted Manchester Airport for comment. A spokesperson said: "We apologise to passengers whose experience on the evening of Friday 1 st April was unsatisfactory. “Our industry is facing staff shortages and recruitment challenges at present after the most damaging two years in its history. "On some occasions, including on the evening in question, this led to delays in passing through security, as well as other parts of the passenger journey that are managed by airlines and third parties, such as check-in and baggage reclaim. “Wherever possible, our security staff prioritised passengers within queues, with the aim of ensuring that they did not miss their flights. "We also have a special assistance service available for passengers who are less mobile and those who cannot stand for long periods, which can be pre-booked through their airline. “We have launched one of our largest-ever recruitment drives and hundreds of new security staff are in the process of being vetted and trained. "Unfortunately though, this is not a quick process, and at times in the coming weeks, we do expect wait times in security to be up to 90 minutes. "As such we are asking passengers to arrive at the airport three hours in advance and to double-check their hand luggage complies with security rules before arriving, as any additional screening of bags will add to wait times. “If passengers do this, we are confident that we will be able to get them away on their travels.”