Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, first found fame online after she started to share ingenious cleaning tips and tricks. Now with more than 4.4 million followers, her account is more about day-to-day family life. Inspired by the cleaning guru, Mrs Hinch fans often share their own advice on dedicated Facebook pages, including how to clean unblock drains. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to unblock her bath drain due to a buildup of hair. Bethany Cook wrote: “My bath pipe has serious hair blockage. Tried drain unblocker liquid and powder but just no luck. “It takes hours for my bath to drain. Are they any household products I can use?” A blocked drain can quickly turn your relaxing evening shower into a dreaded chore. READ MORE: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants Bath drains can become clogged up with product, hair, and dirt over time - no matter how careful homeowners are. Gathered dirt and product will prevent running water from being flushed down the drain, leaving a pool of dirty water in the bathtub. Fortunately, Bethany’s post was inundated with many comments from Mrs Hinch fans eager to offer up their advice. Of all the comments, the most popular solution was to use hair removal cream to unblock drains. DON'T MISS: Weeds: Use baking soda to quickly get rid of ‘stubborn’ patio weeds [TIPS]Property for sale: Hydrangeas and other plants to add home value  [EXPERT]How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas [INSIGHT] Jules Wager said: “Put loads of hair removal cream down the drain, it will dissolve all traces of hair.” Den Matthews agreed: “Yes, hair removal cream really works, absolutely amazing.” Sharon Gibbs commented: “Use hair removal cream and leave it for as long as possible.” Isabelle Smeets wrote: “I put hair removal cream in every once in a while. I get the cheapest one from Poundland.” Alexander Green suggested: “Hair removal cream definitely works, you need to try it.” Tracey Fraser said: “Hair removal cream works a treat.” Alicia Bolderson explained: “Hair removal cream and leave a little while, then rinse down with hot water.” Emma Barker advised: “Put hair removal cream in a jug with warm water and mix, then pour down the plug hole and leave overnight. The next day, rinse.” Hair removal cream can be picked up from Wilko for only £1. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using baking soda and white vinegar. Rosemary Cunningham said: “Baking soda, white vinegar and boiling water works a treat.” Karen Evans added: “I use white vinegar and baking soda and leave overnight then pour boiling water down the drain.”