Valtteri Bottas claims Sunday’s Australian Grand Prix will be “tactically quite interesting” with four DRS zones set to be used. Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc both tactically used DRS zones at the first two Grands Prix to get the upper hand. Leclerc purposefully let Verstappen past into turn one in Nagrin to repass the Red Bull driver into turn four. A week later in Jeddah, Leclerc repeated the move into turn 27 to repass at turn one a lap later. At one stage both drivers purposefully broke earlier in a battle to reach the DRS line last and get the advantage down the front straight. Verstappen eventually timed this to perfection and passed Leclerc moments later. Usually, F1 only puts two or three DRS zones in place but a record four will be used to encourage overtaking on Sunday. Bottas warns drivers could use gamesmanship in a bid to get the upper hand on cars around them. READ MORE: Red Bull may have even bigger advantage over Mercedes at Australian GP He explained: “I think it’s going to make the race tactically quite interesting. When you’re fighting with other drivers, you need to make sure that you will have the upper-hand when it really comes to the overtake itself, and especially if it’s a battle towards the end of the race, you need to time things right.” The Australia track has seen a range of updates ahead of this year’s race in a bid to boost overtaking. The biggest change comes with the removal of the tight turns nine and ten chicane in exchange for a fast sweeper. Verstappen and Leclerc’s DRS battle in Jeddah provoked many to question the current rules. Haas driver Kevin Magnussen warned easy overtaking is “also bad” for F1 and has pushed for bosses to loom at making some adjustments. DON'T MISSCharles Leclerc set for 'significant' upgrade in warning to Verstappen [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen concerned for ex-Red Bull team-mate Daniel Ricciardo [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen concerned F1 demands could affect title bid [COMMENT] He claimed: “Then they can do some adjustments for the following season. Shortening or lengthening the DRS zones or removing some zones or whatever. I think that too easy overtaking is also bad. It's a balance.” After the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix former F1 driver Tiff Needell also questioned the DRS battles so far in 2022. He said: “Problem is that, having calmed down after the genuine excitement of the race, you remember all the enthusiasm that Jenson Button created with the battle for the last corner DRS line. But Grand Prix drivers deliberately not overtaking when they could? Is that really what we want?”