The Labour leader revels in his status as a former director of public prosecutions but in the House of Commons yesterday it seemed he was in the persecution business. Boris Johnson has apologised unreservedly for a June 2020 gathering in Downing Street that breached lockdown rules and paid a fine. He admitted "people had a right to expect better of their Prime Minister" and he clearly understands why so many were disappointed and irritated. The PM admitted that he made a mistake. Sir Keir responded with a pre-scripted, venom-sodden speech that portrayed Mr Johnson as a merchant of dishonesty who should be ejected from No 10. The world knows what truly wretched rulers look like – Vladimir Putin is responsible for war crimes - and Sir Keir's attempt to demonise the PM for a very human error was foolish and ugly. At worst, Labour is attempting to exploit the enduring grief of families who lost loved ones. Mr Johnson was hospitalised with Covid-19 and needs no lectures from a Left-wing lawyer about the terror, isolation and sorrow wrought by the pandemic. Since June 2020, the PM has delivered a triumphant vaccine programme that has unlocked liberty in this land and he has led international efforts to defend the freedom of Ukrainians. In this time, Sir Keir has done little but hop from one bandwagon to another in his tawdry mission to stir up bitterness. The country has moved on from "partygate" and the Metropolitan Police need to conclude their investigation as soon as possible so politicians can once again tackle issues that threaten the security and livelihoods of us all. ------------------------- The bosses of Britain's biggest energy firms have warned that up to four in 10 people could be plunged into fuel poverty in October because of rocketing wholesale prices. They want the Government to deliver "unprecedented" measures. There will be intense debate about how best to respond to this challenge in the cost-of-living crisis, but a first step would be to give Britain's most vulnerable citizens assurances that the country's best minds are working flat out on a solution. ------------------------- Liam Gallagher's admission that he may need a hip replacement is a reminder that even relatively young demi-gods of rock and roll can suffer the agony of arthritis. We wish the former Oasis frontman the very best for a truly supersonic recovery.