The Met Office has confirmed that temperatures will "return to near average for many" across the country next week. The updated frost comes as bitter Arctic air unleashed ice and frost and dumped up to 5cm of snow in parts of England and Scotland. The latest turnaround in the weather will come as a welcome relief for many, amid growing concerns over the cost of heating and rising energy bills. This afternoon, the Met Office tweeted: "Cold Arctic air will slowly be replaced with warmer Atlantic air over the coming weekend. "So by next week, temperatures return to near average for many. "But perhaps not for all, notice colder air will never be too far away from the north." Overnight, temperatures dropped to as low as -8C in Tulloch Bridge, Scotland, while they plunged to at least -4.8C in Bridgefoot, England. JUST IN: BBC QT: Blackford blasts Sunak amid crippling cost of living crisis The cold weather will only start to pick up on Sunday according to the weather agency. A spokesperson said that Saturday will see "high pressure lie to the west of the country, allowing cold Arctic air to continue to feed in from the north". They continued: "It is a cold and frosty start for many, cloudier in the west with a band of showers, some wintry, sinking south. "Temperatures still below average for the time of year, but slightly higher than Friday's." This comes as parts of eastern England and Scotland ended March by waking up to flurries of snow on Thursday morning. Top temperatures across the UK this weekend will only be 10C - a sharp contrast to last week’s highs of 20C. Next week's warmer weather will be welcomed by those concerned about soaring UK energy prices. @nulpointsnet responded to the Met Office's tweet by responding "hurrah for that!" while @YoucefZYX added: "Let's hope so." DON'T MISS: UK snow forecast: SECOND Polar blast hits NEXT WEEK - 22cm in Scotland [FORECAST]'Ukrainian curling' Soldiers kick anti-tank landmines out of road [VIDEO]Royal Family LIVE: Beatrice's 'risky gesture' to Andrew and Queen [LIVE BLOG] Today marked a 54 percent rise in the energy price cap, which means a household using a typical amount of gas and electricity will now pay £1,971 per year. The £693 a year rise in a typical energy bill will affect 18 million households, with 4.5 million customers on prepayment metres facing an even bigger increase of £708 a year. The Office for National Statistics (ONS) found that some of the poorest in Britain are being forced to make tough choices between heating and eating due to the soaring costs. According to an extensive survey of more than 13,000 adults in Great Britain, the ONS found that 34 percent of those affected report using less gas and electricity while 31 percent are spending less on food.