Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex, and Sophie, the Countess of Wessex are due to travel to the Caribean on April 22nd, for a week. The couple is set to visit Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia, and St Vincent and the Grenadines. This royal tour follows the many challenges faced by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge during their own trip to the Caribbean realms. Prince William and Kate were met with protests over slavery and demands for reparations and apology, during their stay in Jamaica and Belize. It came as both nations have stated that they are planning to remove the Queen as their Head of State. In an article in the Telegraph, royal commentator Victoria Ward has claimed that palace officials are “desperate” to avoid any more “PR pitfalls”. For that reason, the Earl and Countess’ itinerary is being “carefully studied”, according to the expert. For example, Ms Ward suggests that Edward and Sophie will be looking to avoid imitating the Queen’s gestures in past visits to the area. While in Jamaica, William and Kate attended a military parade and made a salute while standing on a Ceremonial Land Rover, mimicking the Queen and Prince Phillip. Imagery like this is one of the factors that encouraged the criticism, according to Ms Ward. The royal expert said: “Part of the criticism facing the Cambridges’ tour was that there was too much focus on emulating the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh’s hugely successful tours of their day.” READ MORE: Kate and William's 'missteps' to be lessons for Sophie and EdwardSophie Wessex's engagement ring echoes Kate and MeghanQueen's uncle Edward VIII 'actively engaged' with plot to oust royals Mr Palmer suggested that similar incidents to those of Kate and William's tour could be on the horizon. He said: “I suspect Edward and Sophie will face similar issues when they are out there in April.” The extensive map of royal tours has been arranged as part of a celebration for the Queen’s upcoming Platinum Jubilee. Similar Royal engagements occurred in 2012 as part of commitments for the Diamond Jubilee.