Alongside GB News co-host Isabel Webster, Eamonn Holmes shared the latest headlines with viewers on Wednesday morning and Prince Harry’s comments regarding the Queen during an interview with NBC’s TODAY were high on the agenda. Eamonn and Isabel welcomed David Mellor and Claire Muldoon to ponder over Harry’s comments and it’s safe to say there wasn’t much empathy for the reasons behind Harry’s visit to Her Majesty. Prince Harry had told TODAY: “It was just so nice to see her [the Queen] you know, she's on great form, she's always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm making sure she's protected and got the right people around her." He added: "Home for me now is for the time being is in the States and it feels that way as well. “We've been welcomed with open arms and we have such a great community up in Santa Barbara." Deciphering his comments, Eamonn began the discussion on Wednesday as he said: “Prince Harry and being surrounded by the right people, David… READ MORE: Lorraine skewers Starmer over calls for Johnson to resign “A ‘royal rumble’ they’re calling it in the Daily Mail. Who are these right people he wants to be surrounded with?” David pulled no punches as he shared his thoughts: “I woke up this morning having been to an opera for five hours last night and thinking I’ve got to come and see you and thinking how can I cope with this? “Then on came the news about Harry saying that his granny needed to be protected and I fell about. “I mean this was a real comic turn - the world’s best-paid comedian couldn’t be funnier than that. What is the man on? Or rather what is he off?” He continued: “He is really showing signs… I think what it is is his life is really distorted now by becoming a sort of Kardashian-type figure where he’s surrounded by people who want to photograph him because they’re paying him lots of money for the privilege of filming him. “And the Queen becomes important to him only because he has to see the Queen for his credibility on Netflix.” Eamonn echoed David’s stance as he weighed in: “Yes, gotta be photographed, gotta be on that balcony [for the Queen’s Jubilee]. “He’s bringing a book out where he’s slagging off Camilla [Parker-Bowles] and maybe William and his father,” the former This Morning star fumed. DON'T MISS:Rayner squirms as Kate Garraway challenges Rwanda scheme oppositionGMB hosts sparks outrage over 'biased' Thornberry interviewRichard Madeley admits he isn't sure about GMB future after backlash He went on: “How on earth - why wouldn’t they throw him over the balcony and her [Meghan Markle] with him?” David replied: “Can I mention one thing? I have no reason to believe, in fact, people say the Queen is still sharp as a tack. “Physically, I mean when you’re 95, you and I will probably look a little bit sad about (it) but basically, she’s bright. “Do you imagine for a single solitary moment that she didn’t say, ‘Harry what’s going on? Why are you out there in California?’” Eamonn then turned his attention to Meghan Markle, suggesting the Queen would be unable to confront her grandson in her presence. He added: “She might’ve said that if Pinnochio wasn’t with him. “She might’ve brought that up,” the GB News host opined. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays at 6am on GB News.