Helen Lee Bouygues, President of the Reboot Foundation - established to research and advocate for more critical thinking education- believes that social media sites should be treated as a “health hazard” in the same way as tobacco and alcohol. Speaking Express.co.uk, she said: “The Reboot Foundation is a proponent of treating social media as what it is, which is a health hazard. “At a minimum, we should treat it like it's tobacco or alcohol, which goes as far as to say, just like we now on cigarette boxes, have indications of it being hazardous I think we need to do the same thing with social media to make sure that that awareness and alertness is front and centre in people's mind.” Ms Lee Bouygues added that it is not only social sites like Facebook and Twitter which spread misinformation but also those most commonly used by the younger generation, such as TikTok.  She said: ”TikTok is being used very much by the younger generation. And we all think that it's gimmicks for videos, but there is true content and misinformation just as much on TikTok, as there is on Facebook.” She said that in order to protect children from the dangers of social media, warnings should be posted on social media sites and that "social media should also potentially be banned for children up to a certain age." TikTok banned content originating from Russia in early March after the implementation of a new Russian law criminalising “fake news” about the invasion - an offence now punishable by lengthy prison sentences. In a blog post on March 6, the company wrote: “Our highest priority is the safety of our employees and our users, and in light of Russia’s new ‘fake news’ law, we have no choice but to suspend livestreaming and new content to our video service in Russia while we review the safety implications of this law.”  However, despite this, Russian controlled state media still continues to post ample content on the site. TikTok has added labels identifying 49 Russian State-controlled media accounts. The labels appear as unobtrusive semi-translucent grey boxes at the bottom of the screen and are not visible on the mobile app. In recent days, Russian domestic news agency RIA Novost has shared a video accusing the Ukrainian military of denying treatment to a wounded soldier and another claiming that the atrocities found in Bucha were committed by Ukraine.  A new study has shown that new TikTok users are exposed to misinformation on the war in Ukraine within 40 minutes of signing up for an account. The study, conducted by fact-checking group NewsGuard found that new users searching for information on the war "led to TikTok suggesting multiple videos that contained disinformation in its top 20 results". In order to complete the study, six NewsGuard analysts in countries across Europe and the US scrolled through TikTok’s “For You” page, and watched in full, any videos relating to the conflict in Ukraine.A report on the study read: "Toward the end of the 45–minute experiment, analysts’ feeds were almost exclusively populated with both accurate and false content related to the war in Ukraine — with no distinction made between disinformation and reliable sources.”  DON'T MISS:Netherlands breaks EU ranks and cuts all Putin ties Finland calls for NATO accession process to be sped up BBC's Clive Myrie says Zelensky shell of a man after secret meeting Ms Lee Bouygues said that people who use social media more frequently have a higher susceptibility to misinformation. She said that this is because of the echo chambers created by social media algorithms which show users content similar to previous content that they have heavily engaged with, instead of showing differing perspectives. She added: “Psychological studies have shown that even those things that don't sound credible at first, if you hear them repeated over and over again, you start believing them.” 