Tottenham could be in the market for a central midfielder in the summer with star man Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg a target for Newcastle United ahead of the summer transfer window. If the Dane is to depart, Tottenham would be in need of a creative midfielder and a holding midfielder with the new campaign on the horizon. Express Sport takes a look at four potential options for Antonio Conte to bolster the engine room. James Ward-Prowse When will Ward-Prowse finally earn his big move? The Southampton star has been in superb form this season, scoring 10 goals and recording seven assists in just 38 games for the south coast side as he excels from central midfield. His usefulness from set pieces and his pressing ability will be highly valuable for any club, especially with the new five-sub rule coming into play next season. However, he will likely command a large fee with Ralph Hasenhuttl's men not in a position to sell their star asset. Youri Tielemans Tielemans has been one of the Premier League's most creative midfielders since he made his Leicester loan move permanent two years ago. The Belgian's eye for a pass and unbelievable technique would make him a star player for most Premier League outfits, if not all. With just twelve months left on his contract come the end of the season, Europe's top sides will surely be sniffing around for his services. Spurs could use Tielemans in a pivot midfield with Rodrigo Bentancur which would plenty of attacking and defensive quality. Yves Bissouma Bissouma has thoroughly impressed at Brighton since his move from Lille in 2018. The Mali international has proved himself as one of the Premier League's most coveted midfielders after a spate of superb performances in the centre of the park for Graham Potter's men. Links formed in the winter over a potential move to Aston Villa, with a £40million bid reportedly being prepared by Steven Gerrard in a bid to bring him to the Midlands. But with Villa at the wrong end of the table and Tottenham likely to qualify for at least the Europa League, Bissouma could be tempted into a move to north London. Houssem Aouar Aouar has been linked to the Premier League for years, mostly to Liverpool, Arsenal and Spurs. But with Lyon likely to miss out on a Champions League spot, there is no better time than now for a move to be completed. The Frenchman only has a year left on his contract, meaning a cut-price deal could be agreed for his services. And with five goals and three assists in a relatively poor Lyon team, the attacking midfielder would undoubtedly improve those numbers behind Harry Kane and Son Heung-min.