  Piers Morgan is returning to ITV today, just over one year after he walked off the set of Good Morning Britain following a nasty spat with weatherman Alex Beresford. Ahead of his appearance on Lorraine this morning, Piers revealed in a new interview that he believed Alex was after his “moment of fame” and that their altercation had been rehearsed ahead of time.      Piers, 57, dramatically exited the set of Good Morning Britain in March 2021 after Alex, 41, slammed his attitude towards Meghan Markle. The journalist has now claimed that the weatherman had an ulterior motive for calling him out. “Apparently he was heard out the back rehearsing his lines,” Piers said. “Clearly wanted to have his little YouTube moment of fame, and that’s fine. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’    “I know he was planning a Hollywood career,” he continued brazenly. “I’m not quite sure how it’s going; I’ve not heard any updates.” Express.co.uk have contacted Alex’s representatives for comment. Early last year Meghan, 40, claimed that racist treatment she received while working as a senior member of the royal family left her feeling suicidal in a sit down interview with her husband Prince Harry, 37, and TV’s Oprah Winfrey. Questioning the credibility of the Duchess of Sussex’s claims, Piers told 1.9 million GMB viewers at the time: “I’m sorry, I don’t believe a word she said, Meghan Markle.       “I wouldn’t believe it if she read me a weather report.” Alex went on to suggest Piers’ response was due to him having some sort of personal vendetta against Meghan. During the exchange, Alex said: "I understand you’ve got a personal relationship with Meghan Markle, or had one, and she cut you off. "She’s entitled to cut you off if she wants to. Has she said anything about you since she cut you off? READ MORE... Phillip Schofield and Luke Evans' secret friendship exposed on holiday [NEWS] Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey emotionally follows hearse as funeral begins [NEWS] Alison Hammond feared she'd 'killed' This Morning co-star  [INSIGHT]      "I don’t think she has, but yet you continue to trash her." When Piers furiously left the studio, Alex was heard saying: “This is pathetic. Absolutely diabolical behaviour.” Alex’s accusations caused Piers to storm off the set of the ITV show and he has not returned to the channel since. Piers had previously told Express.co.uk he would not speak to Alex again as he reflected on his departure from the programme.     However, the star decided to further stir the pot yesterday when he tweeted out to his 7.9 million followers ahead of his appearance on Lorraine: “Anyone know who’s doing the weather on ITV tomorrow morning?” Despite his defiant attitude towards Alex and GMB, who he has previously mocked for their declining ratings since his departure, Piers admitted in the interview that he did harbour some regrets about his exit. “I don’t think the walkout was a good thing,” he told The Times. “I just was annoyed, and thought the consequences of me not walking out, staying there, were probably worse than the consequences of being ridiculed for walking out.” Piers refused to apologise for his comments last year, even after the Duchess personally contacted ITV’s chief executive Carolyn McCall, so his job with Good Morning Britain ended. Alex spoke out about their public feud afterwards, tweeting: “I wish I had the privilege to sit on the fence. In order for me to do that I would have to strip myself of my identity and that’s not something I can do. “It’s not any of our places to pick apart claims of racism in order to make us to feel more comfortable.” The controversial journalist and new host of upcoming show Piers Morgan Uncensored on TalkTV makes his dramatic return to ITV this morning. Watch Piers Morgan on Lorraine at 9am on ITV.   