Arsenal fan Piers Morgan has called on his cherished north London side to launch a transfer pursuit for Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo this summer. The Gunners are already in need of attacking reinforcements and more departures are expected at the end of the season, with many fans still reeling from Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's abrupt exit. Ronaldo's future is up in the air with Man Utd's top-four bid faltering under interim boss Ralf Rangnick. Incoming boss Erik ten Hag, who already has a verbal agreement to become the Red Devils' next manager, is supposedly not planning to incorporate the five-time Ballon d'Or winner into his plans. The likes of Real Madrid, Sporting Lisbon and Paris Saint-Germain have all been touted as possible destinations for the 37-year-old in what would presumably be the final move of his glittering career. A move to the Emirates would be a highly unlikely one, but that has not stopped Morgan trying his luck. "Arsenal should sign Ronaldo this summer," he said on Twitter, "I’m deadly serious. That would solve our striker problem and help me move on from Aubameyang. I’ve already sorted Cristiano a shirt," accompanied by a photo of his interview with the Portuguese where he presented him with a Gunners jersey. JUST IN: Gary Lineker applauds Leeds fans for grand gesture towards ousted boss Marcelo Bielsa  The transfer plea comes as Morgan, along with plenty of Gooners, is still reeling from Aubameyang's January exit. The prolific frontman fell out with Arteta after a disciplinary breach and the Spanish coach eventually sanctioned his exit which involved the club shelling out £7million to pay off his contract. That has left the Gunners short in attack with only Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah left to lead the line, and the former was recently struck down with Covid. To rub salt in the wounds, Aubameyang has notched 10 goals in 15 games for La Blaugrana in an electric start to his Camp Nou career. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal Ronaldo boasts a healthy goals return since sealing an Old Trafford comeback in a dramatic transfer saga last summer, but not everything has run smoothly. His overall contribution, particularly when he doesn't find the net, has often been criticised and he recently made headlines for all the wrong reasons when he slapped a young Everton fan's mobile phone to the ground in frustration. Arteta has had trouble with big names before and trouble with Mesut Ozil saw the silky German side-lined for virtually a whole season before he was moved on to Fenerbahce. The Gunners have a squad full of hungry youngsters who, up until recently, looked to have sewn up a top-four finish and a return to the Champions League.  Ronaldo's old Juventus team-mate, Paulo Dybala, is believed to be on Arsenal's hit list ahead of the summer as he approaches the end of his contract in Turin. Inter Milan are also in the running and could hold an advantage if the forward would prefer to stay in Italy, while Atletico Madrid are also supposedly prepared to offer the Spanish-speaking star a new home. If that move falls through for the north London side and Morgan's touted swoop for Ronaldo never materialises, the Gunners could reignite interest in long-term attacking targets such as Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Alexander Isak or Jonathan David.