In households across the UK, dishwashers are used daily to keep cups, plates and cutlery clean. However, the appliance itself often gets forgotten about when it comes to the weekly kitchen clean. If you run a load daily, you should clean your dishwasher's filter and drain once a month to keep it running to the best of its potential. According to experts from Good Housekeeping, you should give your dishwasher a deep clean every two months. However, in order to tackle the chore, you don't necessarily need to fork out on expensive cleaning products. Whether you are looking for a more cost-effective cleaning process, or prefer not to use harsh chemicals near your plates and cutlery, white vinegar and baking soda could be the solution. According to Architectural Digest, using these two simple kitchen cupboard ingredients can leave your appliance "looking brand new" and will ensure it is running "more efficiently than ever". READ MORE: Three signs you have carpet beetles and how to get rid of them To clean your dishwasher, you will need: To begin, remove the filter, utensil holder and dishwasher racks from your appliance. In some cases, this may mean digging out your toolbox to unscrew them. Place them into a mixture of warm water and one cup of vinegar, then leave to soak for 30 minutes. DON'T MISSGardening: ‘Eliminate’ garden weeds within 24 hours using vodka [COMMENT]Is it cheaper to use an electric heater or your gas radiators? [INSIGHT]Cleaning: How to unblock drains using hair removal cream [EXPLAINER] Food and debris can become lodged in the cracks and crevices of your dishwasher. Wipe down the interior of your appliance, and then use a toothbrush or toothpick to remove debris from smaller nooks. Be sure to wipe down the spray arms and the interior walls. Fill a dishwasher-safe bowl with one cup of white vinegar and place it on the bottom of your dishwasher. Set the appliance to run on a hot cycle. Doing so will help break down any leftover bits of grease, soap scum, residue or food in the dishwasher. White vinegar works well as a natural cleaner because of its high levels of acetic acid. The acidity helps to dissolve away all manner of buildups. After the first cycle has finished, remove the bowl and sprinkle one cup of baking soda along the bottom of your appliance. Then, run it on a short cycle. Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, works well because of its mineral structure and alkaline properties. The mineral structure of baking soda means it can work as a gentle abrasive, which is why it is often used as a multi-purpose cleaner. Baking soda can also remove stains and absorb unwanted odours, making for a fresher dishwasher. Finally, you should complete the job by making sure the outer dishwasher door is gleaming. Multi-purpose cleaners can work on most materials, however, if your dishwasher is stainless steel you may want to consider purchasing a specialist cleaner in order to avoid streaks. Alternatively, a simple mixture of dish soap, water and white vinegar can act as a great homemade cleaner safe for most dishwasher surfaces.