Fans of Starz’s romantic drama Outlander are well into season six and it looks as though Claire Fraser (played by Caitriona Balfe) could suffer another life-threatening situation. After the promo for the upcoming sixth episode was released it hinted at the potential loss of the time-travelling nurse.  Ahead of the impending Revolutionary War, the beloved occupants of Fraser’s Ridge could soon come face-to-face with another form of danger. The promo for the upcoming episode, which is titled ‘The World Turned Upside Down’, saw Claire in grave danger as she battled against a life-threatening sickness. The clip showed Roger Mackenzie (Richard Rankin) open up about his concern for Mr and Mrs McNeil, having not seen them in a while. Claire then responded: “You and I can stop by the cabin later and look in on them.”  READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... In the next scene, Claire, her daughter Brianna (Sophie Skelton) and Malva (Jessica Reynolds) were outside the McNeil home when they noticed a heap of ravens on the roof. Noticing this, Malva remarked: “Somethings dead nearby.” Inside, the women were shocked to see Mrs McNeil’s dead body and after realising something sinister was at play, Claire warned the women not to touch their faces. Later, as Claire and Brianna caught up with Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan), the nurse fainted into her husband's arms.  In the next scene, Jamie was sat beside Claire while she rested in bed and it was made clear her fainting wasn’t at random as Brianna stated: “She’s burning up.” With the death of Mrs McNeil and Claire’s warning about touching faces, it's likely a major poisoning was at play. While it will unlikely lead to her death, she could be bedbound and fighting for her life for a long time. As well as finding out whether it was in fact poison which killed Mrs McNeil, fans will have to stay tuned to find out if it will affect the other women too.  DON'T MISS...Vera's Kenny Doughty admits he’s ‘never been on a job like’ ITV drama [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Sam Heughan on Superman audition that made him 'change' [INSIGHT]Outlander season 6: John Bell details Ian and Malva kiss cut out [INSIGHT] Alongside Claire’s serious illness, the Frasers could face another danger as Wendigo Donner’s (Brennan Martin) comeback was hinted at the end of the recent episode. This came after Claire could hear a faint whistle in the wind. However, she disregarded it as the wind even though it was a man whistling a tune from Wilmington Jail. The song was ‘Colonel Bogey March’ which was written 150 years in the future, meaning only a time traveller would know the tune.  As Claire, Brianna and Roger were the only time travellers, fans predict the person whistling could be none other than Donner. Although his face wasn’t revealed, viewers saw long, wavy hair and Claire had encountered him in the season finale. Donner was one of Lionel Brown’s (Ned Dennehy) men and he had also admitted to being a time traveller after he asked the nurse if she was familiar with Ringo Starr. While Lionel and his men were killed for attacking Claire, Donner wasn't one of the violent members as he was long gone before the assault. Though it didn't seem as though he wanted to harm her when they first met, the name Wendigo was given in Algonquian folklore to a cannibal monster or evil spirit, so fans will have to stay tuned to see what this will mean for the Frasers. Outlander is available to stream on Starz in the USA and on Starzplay in the UK 