As one of the Royal Navy’s Astute-class nuclear-powered submarines, HMS Audacious is among the most sophisticated underwater vehicles ever constructed. Following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the UK along with a number of its allies have stepped up their level of preparedness for any potential escalation in the conflict. For security purposes, the Royal Navy does not give out exact details of where its vessels are located. But it’s believed HMS Audacious is currently on deployment in the Mediterranean Ocean. Last week the submarine was seen anchored in Gibraltar where it was pictured being loaded with Tomahawk cruise missiles. READ MORE: Benidorm chaos as foul-mouthed row erupts on bus to hotel  HMS Audacious was docked next to the US naval submarine, USS Georgia, which arrived at the base last Wednesday. The USS Georgia is an Ohio class ballistic missile submarine, one of four US Navy submarines converted to carry cruise missiles rather than Trident missiles. Typically, it’s unusual for two submarines to be in Gibraltar at the same time. The previous occasion this happened was in 2019 with the USS Olympia and HMS Talent.  Their presence highlights Gibraltar’s increased role as a naval logistics base for the UK’s military and its allies. The sightings of the submarines have also been viewed as a message from the UK and its NATO allies to Russian President Vladimir Putin owing to fears that the war in Ukraine could spiral into a wider conflict. HMS Audacious arrived in Gibraltar just hours after President Putin banned multiple UK politicians from entering Russia, including Prime Minister Boris Johnson and several other Cabinet members. Spain’s Government is understood to have protested the arrival of the two submarines.  DON'T MISS: Horror as British man 'stabbed to death' in Algarve holiday resort [NEWS]'Boris can't keep it in his pants' Dr Shola blasts PM over Rayner [WATCH]Brexit LIVE: 'Invincible' Macron to unleash hell on 'isolated' Britain [LIVE] The US decided not to send the USS Georgia to the nearby Spanish naval port of Rota, where the country has a permanent facility. Verdemar, an environmental group, also criticised the development stating the “presence of the two submarines poses a risk to communities around the Bay of Gibraltar”. The group has previously campaigned for a permanent ban on nuclear-powered ships in the port. Measuring at 97 metres long, HMS Audacious is one of seven Astute-class attack submarines built by BAE Systems for the Royal Navy.  Two years ago, the 7,400-tonne vessel set off on her inaugural journey to Her Majesty’s Naval Base Clyde, the home of the UK’s Submarine Service. The submarine can be employed in a variety of important roles, including covert intelligence gathering and strategic strike using the fearsome Tomahawk Land Attack Missile. While at sea, the top speed which HMS Audacious can reach is more than 30 knots. 