Fernando Alonso was unable to prevent his Alpine car from sliding into the barriers to bring out the red flags during the final part of Saturday's qualifying session at the Australian Grand Prix. The veteran Spaniard was in the process of putting together a near-perfect lap in Q3 before he lost control in the final sector and smashed into the wall at Turn 13 to put an end to his running on the streets of Melbourne. Alonso and his team-mate Esteban Ocon both managed to make it into Q3 but the former was ultimately prevented from setting a lap time after his unfortunately-timed accident ruled him out of the rest of the session. The left side of his car appeared to stray onto the grass as he approached the apex of Turn 13, forcing him into a spin which he failed to correct in time to avoid crashing into the barriers on the edge of the track. The two-time Drivers' Championship winner was unhurt and quickly jumped out of the cockpit before his Alpine car was lifted away by a recovery vehicle. Alonso, who has only picked up two points since the beginning of the new season, told his race engineer via team radio: "I locked the hydraulics and I couldn't change gear." Alonso's incident marked the second red flag of Saturday's qualifying session after Lance Stroll and Nicholas Latifi's earlier collision due to a misunderstanding in Q1. The Williams driver clipped his Aston Martin rival as he attempted to overtake on his cool-down lap before spinning out of control and ending up in the wall near Turn Three. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton complains about Max Verstappen over team radio Meanwhile, Alonso will be hoping to make amends for his crash in Q3 with an improved showing over the course of Sunday's race as he looks to follow up from his retirement in last month's Saudi Arabian Grand Prix with a points-paying finish. He was forced to install a third power unit ahead of this weekend's event after struggling with performance and reliability issues in the first two races of the new season. The 40-year-old still appears to be looking for Alpine to make improvements in spite of a productive day of practice running on Friday. He managed to set the fourth-quickest lap of the day at the end of FP2 in a big statement of intent and will be desperate to pick up as many points as possible when the five red lights go out to start tomorrow's race. "We had some minor things that delayed us a little in FP1, but we still managed a pretty normal day for us," said Alonso. "We completed a good amount of running and got a lot of information from both sessions. "There are some balance issues that we need to solve, especially on the higher fuel runs. I obviously saw the track yesterday, but I think the changes are positive and the lap is obviously much quicker now. "I’m not sure if there will be more overtaking on Sunday, but let’s see. It’s definitely great to be back here in Melbourne." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE