Royal biographer Tina Brown claimed palace aides suspected the Duke of Sussex would one day quit the Firm. Ms Brown added that Meghan "understood the world of agents and deals" and gave her husband the "tools to leave". Ms Brown, author of new book The Palace Papers, told Washington Post Live: "A very close adviser told me 'we always knew he would go at some point he was very unhappy'. "Even the Queen knew. I really think Harry wanted out, himself. "Meghan gave Harry the tools to leave. "She understood the world of agents and deals. "I mean this wasn't Harry's world, but suddenly he had in Meghan a very worldly strategist who he decided to trust above all the other advisors." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex quit as working royals in March 2020 for a new life in the US. The couple are now living in the celebrity enclave of Montecito in California with their two children Archie and Lili. Since ending royal duties, they have signed lucrative deals - thought to be worth well over £100 million - with Netflix and Spotify as they launch new careers across the pond. READ MORE: Camilla takes to the stage in new role swiped from Meghan Markle They also spoke out about the Royal Family in an explosive interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021 plunging the monarchy into crisis. Harry and Meghan returned to the UK together earlier this month for the first time since Megxit. The pair met the Queen at Windsor Castle en route to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. However, Harry sparked fresh controversy with an interview days later which saw him say he wanted to make sure his grandmother was "protected" and had "the right people around her". DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan 'stunned' by 'shut door' [LIVE BLOG]Harry felt marrying Meghan was best way to get her police protection [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's 'protecting Queen' remarks 'calculated dig' - Expert [VIDEO] Speaking to NBC's Today show about his meeting with the 96-year-old monarch, he said: "Being with her it was great, it was just so nice to see her, she's on great form. "She's always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure that she's protected and got the right people around her." The Royal Family have rallied round the Queen since her beloved husband Prince Philip died in April, and she has been supported by a smaller and closer-knit group from her household during the lockdowns of the past two years. His comments are likely to deepen the rifts between the Duke and the institution of the monarchy and his family. Harry also said he did not know if he will travel to Britain to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June amid a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection. When asked about returning to the UK for the event, he replied: "I don't know yet, there's lots of things - security issues and everything else. "So this is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that, you know, I can get my kids to meet her." Harry also appeared to commit his immediate future to the US, saying: "Home for me now is, you know, for the time being, it's in the States, and it feels that way as well 