The UK is sanctioning 178 individuals who are deemed to be "propping-up the illegal breakaway regions" in eastern Ukraine, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has announced. The Foreign Office has long planned to focus on those behind the Russian-backed so-called Donetsk and Luhansk People's Republics, and Ms Truss said the shelling of a railway station in the eastern Ukrainian city of Kramatorsk had spurred the Government into action. The sanctions are being co-ordinated with the European Union, the Foreign Office said. The Foreign Office said individuals sanctioned include Alexander Ananchenko and Sergey Kozlov, which it described as self-styled Prime Minister and Chair of Government of the so-called Donetsk and Luhansk People's Republics. Further family members of Russian oligarchs were also targeted, including Pavel Ezubov, cousin of Russian billionaire Oleg Deripaska, and Nigina Zairova, executive assistant to businessman Mikhail Fridman. Maria Lavrova, the wife of Russia's Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, is subject to a travel ban and asset freeze. Russia has refocused its military efforts in recent weeks as Russian president Vladimir Putin looks, according to Western intelligence, to mount an offensive on the Donbas region. The Foreign Secretary said: "In the wake of horrific rocket attacks on civilians in eastern Ukraine, we are today sanctioning those who prop up the illegal breakaway regions and are complicit in atrocities against the Ukrainian people. "We will continue to target all those who aid and abet Putin's war." Ms Truss also said the latest package of punishing measures would include extending the import ban on Russian goods. READ MORE: EU savaged for shameless ‘spin’ as it gloats over Brexit move She added: "From tomorrow, we are banning the import of Russian iron and steel, as well as the export of quantum technologies and advanced materials that Putin sorely needs. "We will not rest in our mission to stop Putin's war machine in its tracks." The Government will also move ahead with legislation this week to ban the import of iron and steel products as well as the export of quantum technologies, advanced materials and luxury goods. DON'T MISS:Kremlin files leak in Anonymous cyber attack [INSIGHT]Ukraine snubs German President over ties to Russia [ANALYSIS]'Take back control? That's a lie!' Boris savaged over fishing promises [REACTION] The sanctions come after Friday's missile strike on Kramatorsk train station, which left more than 50 dead and many more injured. The platforms were packed at the time with thousands of women and children seeking to flee westwards ahead of the expected Russian offensive. In total, the UK Government announcement on Wednesday included sanctions for 206 individuals.