Former professional footballer Peter Shilton opened up to Good Morning Britain hosts Kate Garraway and Richard Madeley about his role in supporting lower-league and non-league clubs after calling for ministers to remove all gambling sponsorships from the games. He opened up on the impact it has on the supporters and explained the big league clubs could survive without having sponsorships from the addictive websites. Touching on how easy he feels it can be for people to become addicted, Peter explained: "I think you are right to say there is a moment when you do get hooked. "It can be a big win or something like you see other people get a win, and you think that's easy money, and you start betting. "I mean, these days, they give you free bets and pop up adverts and all sorts of things that entice you to start!" Kate added: "And that can lure people in, can't it, but of course, gambling is a big industry it has deep pockets. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... "It is hard for clubs, particularly small clubs, to refuse that sponsorship we've also seen, a whole evaluation haven't we of club ownership. "The big questions asked about how football is funded and how clubs are owned, and it is almost a moral questioning of where, how the business should be funded and how people survive as clubs. "If they are making moral decisions like turning down gambling sponsorship, like turning down owners of clubs which we don't feel comfortable about, do you feel that is one of the challenges of football now?" "Well, I'm not against gambling as a product," Peter began. "What I'm against is, you know, I think football has got caught up in it. "Football is the number one gambling product now; it's constant when there is a matter that you can bet on anything that is going on in the game, and I think that football has taken easy money. "If they are running their business on relying on gambling company's money, then the model for their business is not right, and there are a lot of clubs who don't have sponsorship and survive. "I just think that it is easy money, there are big wealthy people coming in the game wanting to gain a profile and also invest in clubs, and it has become a money merry-go-round!" he slammed. Peter continued: "I mean, at the moment, I think there is £275million paid to agents throughout a season by premiership clubs. DON'T MISS...Peter Shilton on how wife saved him after losing millions gambling [INSIGHT]Peter Shilton highlights key tactical tweak Southgate should have made [LATEST]Peter Shilton hits out at taking the knee after England glory  [WATCH] "It's a staggering amount of money, and they are paying agents that sort of money, yet they say they can't survive without it. "I think it is £110million that are paid to premiership clubs by gambling companies, you know, so the two things don't go together!" The movement from Peter comes after his own personal battle with gambling, as he struggled with the addiction for 45 years. He recently joined campaigners handing in a 12,000-strong petition to 10 Downing Street and told BBC Sport: "This government needs to do something about it." In a feature written for the Daily Mail back in August 2021, Peter opened up about how his addiction became what it was and thanked his wife, Steph, for helping him out of debt. His addiction started to get in the way of their relationship, and once Steph told him she would be sleeping in their spare bedroom, he revealed that was when he knew he needed to make a change. "I knew how much she loved me. There and then, I knew I couldn’t lose her, so the gambling had to go. It was as though a light bulb just turned on in my head. "I was beginning to realise I was gaining nothing but misery with the gambling. The only way out was to walk away from it." Treatment and support groups are available for people who want to stop gambling: GamCare offers free information, support and counselling for problem gamblers in the UK. It runs the National Gambling Helpline (0808 8020 133) and also offers face-to-face counselling. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.