Dr Peter Caddick-Adams, a British historian explained what benefits NATO would have if Sweden joined the military membership. Russian President Vladimir Putin has been slammed for threatening Sweden and Finland not to join the alliance. Despite brutal warnings from the Russian dictator Sweden look to be taking the first step in the application process to join. Mr Caddick-Adams discussed NATO being happy with Sweden joining the military alliance as Sweden already makes a lot of the artillery used in the West. Mr Caddick-Adams said: "That's a big advantage, both countries although they're neutral, they spend a huge amount on defence. "Just like Switzerland does, so they are already up to scratch with the rest of the NATO nations. "And in terms of defence spending and in terms of modernisation, they're probably beyond a lot of the other NATO partners. "So in fact they have already added to the pot, and one thing NATO likes is standardisation.  JUST IN: White House considering to send Biden or US official to Kyiv to meet Zelensky Mr Caddick-Adams added: "And a lot of Sweden makes... Particularly Sweden is already used, the Swedish Bofors company already makes a lot of artillery. "Are already widely used throughout NATO so it's a big win. "Because actually, NATO would very much like to have Sweden's part of the alliance, and has always wanted that. "And it's more that these countries have held back, rather than NATO being quite sceptical of the advantage. READ MORE:Edward VIII and Wallis Simpson's chateau seized by French government Mr Caddick-Adam said: "So this will be a huge huge boost for NATO. NATO secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg spoke to a reporter last week about a possible application from Sweden. Mr Stoltenberg said: “If they decide to apply, I expect that all allies will welcome them. We know that they can easily join this alliance if they decide to apply. “If they decide to apply, I expect that all allies will welcome them. We know that they can easily join this alliance if they decide to apply. “I am certain that we will find ways to address concerns they may have regarding the period between the potential application and the final ratification.” 