So, we have arrived at (probably the only thing anyone will be arriving at) the ludicrous situation where the transport sector is totally ill-prepared for Easter getaways. Who would have guessed, after two years of Covid lockdowns, that many people would want a break? Airlines and the Border Agency didn't seem to figure that out or plan for it, so are short-staffed, and Network Rail scheduled repair works. On top of those who gave the disruption no thought, we have those who gave it plenty of thought - the militant agitators, who go under the banner of ecowarriors, aiming to cause as much pain as possible to the public, and who will "escalate" their activities this weekend - and cause misery to 800,000 holidaymakers who plan to fly from Heathrow. This week these anarchists held demonstrations across London - and half a million hard-working Londoners suffered at their hands, costing about £12million, but what do Extinction Rebellion or Just Stop Oil care? They blockaded oil terminals too and caused fuel shortages across England. For those who can't see it, our nation's discipline, semblance of order and belief in the rule of law is under attack and those things - which helped to make our country great - are being destroyed by a small group of discontents aided and abetted by industries that don't prepare sufficiently. To the judge that said these ecomilitants acted in a way they believed was morally right - along with actress Emma Thompson who stood with them at Oxford Circus and the brother of Environment Minister Zac Goldsmith who seemed to defend them on Twitter - shame on you. There are better ways to support the environment - supporting chaos for the public isn't the path to follow. Guerrilla tactics achieve nothing - they just create misery for those who want to get on with their lives. ----- Over the Queen's Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend let's hear the National Anthem belted out across the airwaves. BBC TV stopped playing it back in 1997 - surely they should bring it back for that weekend. Radio 4 still plays it after the Midnight News and before the World Service, but it's not exactly peak listening time and sadly missed by most, but GB News play it every day before the breakfast show. So why don't the BBC, ITV and C4 play it at peak time over those four days? Who knows, it could even get into the charts - bought by a whole generation that seldom gets to hear it. HM The Queen - We Will Rock You. ----- If you fancy a bit of a lift this weekend then watch Phantom Of The Open. This film tells the true story of shipyard crane operator Maurice Flitcroft who blagged his way into the 1976 golf Open Championship. Hilarious and poignant, if it hadn't happened you wouldn't believe it could! ----- Research from University College London's Covid-19 Social Study reveals more people are now worried about their finances than catching Covid. Some of us were banging on about the damage lockdown would bring and the poverty it would wreak. No one in Government and certainly no one on the Opposition benches wanted to listen. They laughed at us - but nobody is laughing now. ----- No-fault divorces became law last Wednesday, thereby ending the need for one party to blame the other. This is meant to help divorcing couples resolve their issues. One couple who weren't looking for a no-fault divorce, and probably one of the most bitter Hollywood divorces ever, is Johnny Depp, left, and Amber Heard who headed back to court this week for episode two of their soap opera, a whopping $100million defamation trial - this is going to be box office. ------