As the hot weather approaches, many Britons may be eagerly looking forward to relaxing in their garden. As well as flowers and plants, a healthy lawn is the key to an attractive garden. Leigh Barnes from Jacksons Fencing told Express.co.uk: "Many overlook the importance of your lawn; it is the centrepiece of many gardens and must be maintained so that it stays looking its best." But all of this maintenance can take up lots of time that could be spent soaking up the sun, or spending time with friends in the garden. This is why the expert recommends getting started with some essential lawn tasks now to lessen the workload come summer. READ MORE: Grass care: How to 'safely' get rid of moss from your lawn Spring is a prime time for weeds and moss which can unexpectedly spring up on your garden lawn. Ms Barnes said: "Start caring for your lawn in spring by removing weeds and moss patches that sprout over winter. "Weeds and moss will thrive in the warmer months, so getting rid of these earlier will make your lawn appear healthier and save you a lot more maintenance over the summer." DON'T MISSLawn care: Essential mowing rule to beat hay fever symptoms [EXPLAINER]‘Indestructible’ garden plants which will ‘thrive’ on their own [INSIGHT]Garden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [COMMENT] But before reaching for the pesticide, the Royal Horticultural Society(RHS) encourages gardeners to get to grips with weeds the natural way. The RHS states that "avoiding pests, diseases and weeds by good practice in cultivation methods, cultivar selection, garden hygiene and encouraging or introducing natural enemies, should be the first line of control". Luckily, there are plenty of ways gardeners can attempt to get rid of weeds using natural substances such as baking soda or white vinegar. These should be applied directly to the weed or moss patch and repeated as necessary. Even when applying natural substances to weeds, gardeners should try not to cover other areas of their lawn and garden. You can also hand pull weeds, though be sure to remove the full root so that the plant does not grow back. Much like plants, lawns can benefit from fertiliser every now and then. According to Ms Barnes, spring is the perfect time to give your grass a good feed. She explained: "In terms of feeding your lawn, opt for a spring feeder now, but when the warmer months approach, swap to a summer lawn feeder as this will provide the appropriate nutrients. "Weeding and slow growth can result in patchy areas, to avoid this try adding new seeds by loosening the soil and sowing them in over an evenly raked surface. "Rake this once more afterwards to ensure they are combined. "Keep an eye out just in case there isn’t any rainfall for a few days, if so, give your lawn a generous water. "Seven to 10 days after this, the grass should start growing." Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Mowing your grass regularly is essential for keeping it healthy and full, as well as warding off weeds. Although most lawns won't need mowing in the winter months, as the temperatures begin to rise, gardeners should start to think about their grass cutting routine. Ms Barnes said: "You should be mowing your lawn once a week in spring, but increasing this to twice a week in the summer. "And remember, try to avoid removing over a third of the leaf growth as this can damage your lawn." Trimming your grass too intensely can risk leaving bald patches, known as scalping, which makes your lawn susceptible to weed growth.