Mike Dean has admitted "times have moved on" as he opened up on the reasons behind his decision to quit his post as a Premier League referee at the end of the season. The official also dismissed speculation over being offered a VAR role as he gets set to bring and end to his 22-year refereeing career this summer.   The 53-year-old announced last week that he is bringing the curtain down on his long and illustrious Premier League career. Since taking up a position in England's top-flight back at the turn of the millennium, Dean has officiated 553 matches and issued 114 red cards in the process - the most of any Premier League referee. The iconic official has garnered a reputation for his showman-like style and no-nonsense approach over the years, and admitted "he will go out in his terms" as he shed light on the factors behind his decision to retire from refereeing. Dean revealed to Sky Sports: "I mentioned to the bosses in September I was thinking of finishing this year. "22 years I've been doing this so I had another chat with them in November and December and made the decision for definite in January. Times have moved on. JUST IN: Man Utd target Christopher Nkunku ‘wants Leipzig to accept lower fee'  "Referees are getting older, I'm not getting as fit as what I used to be so things have got to change. I have made the decision myself and I've gone out on my terms, which is what I want to do and nobody else's terms which is good. "I'll miss it on August 6 when the season starts and I'm not walking out to referee a game but I've had a good innings - 22 years so it's time to move on and see what is in the future, but we don't know yet, so we will see." There have been widespread reports in recent weeks that Dean was set to follow in the footsteps of Lee Mason by making the switch to become a permanent video assistant referee with the Professional Game Match Officials (PGMOL) following retirement. However, Dean has clarified that isn't the case. DON'T MISS Liverpool receive boost over possible Salah replacement Adeyemi Liverpool backed to sign Steven Gerrard-like Jude Bellingham Neville claims Liverpool fans only 'quiet' on ownership due to success  The avid Tranmere Rovers fan added: "Contrary to media reports and speculation, I have been offered no VAR role at all so that's just word of mouth, I think. It could be there if I want to go for it but I don't know yet. I will keep my options open and see what is available." Dean also revealed he will dearly miss the camaraderie with other officials when he calls it a day come the end of the current campaign. He admitted: "I think I'll miss the banter with the lads, the referees and stuff. We give up quite a lot as guys back home, we don't really have an outside life. I'll miss the guys I work with week in, week out."  