Devin Roundtree (played by Caleb Castille) clashes with the police in the next episode of NCIS: Los Angeles, Perception. The popular CBS spin-off will be coming back for its next episode this Sunday and could put the NCIS task force in direct conflict with the LAPD if fellow agent Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) takes the matter into his own hands. The latest previews of NCIS LA’s 15th episode of season 13 have teased a major conflict between the team and the Los Angeles Police Department. Sam is enraged by a case of racial profiling against Devin and could go rogue to put the cops to justice if Admiral Kilbride (Gerald McRaney) refuses to step in. In a newly released sneak peek, agent Devin and his sister Jordyn (Ava McCoy) are pulled over and held at gunpoint by a white cop. Things escalate when Devin is forced out of his vehicle when he reaches for his licence and is detained when he claims he’s a federal agent. READ MORE: Jackson Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jackson Lonie now? The officer refuses to believe him and his partner detains Jordyn, pepper-spraying Devin when he tries to come to her aid. Later, Devin’s colleagues G Callen (Chris O’Donnell), Fatima Namazi (Medalion Rahimi) and Sam are shown footage of the traumatic incident. Sam is particularly shocked and makes it clear he’ll stop at nothing to ensure justice is served. When Devin comes back to the office with his eyes red but otherwise uninjured, his team rallies behind him with their support. Devin assures them: “Jordyn’s good, everything’s fine.” To which Sam replies: “Not after what I just saw.” After Callen says the team needs more information, Sam hits back: “What we need is to transfer this case so we can go down there.” He later adds: “I’m getting tired of this. Real tired.” Sam’s fellow agent and his sister were clearly victims of racial profiling, so he’ll do anything to ensure this doesn’t happen again. DON'T MISS:Blue Bloods theory: Jamie betrays Frank to report officer assault [THEORY]Outlander cast return to set as filming for season 7 underway [LATEST]Moon Knight: Accent expert calls out ‘Americanism’ catchphrase [INSIGHT] Although Devin has recovered from the incident, the NCIS operatives could take matters into their own hands to ensure the two officers are kicked out of the LAPD. Thankfully, it seems Kilbride also has his back as he’s seen furiously talking to the officers’ superior at the start of the scene. “Names, badge numbers, a full report - I want everything!” he rages down the phone. Kilbride will ideally want to make sure any disciplinary action is handled through official channels. However, real-life cases of racial profiling have proven such incidents are all too commonly swept under the rug. While the two cops will ideally be suspended for assaulting Devin and Jordyn, they may only get a cursory talking-to before being sent back out on the streets. If Sam hears the officers still have their badges, he may decide to go down to their precinct himself to personally make sure they don’t repeat their mistake, especially given his furious reaction to his colleague's ordeal. NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS. A UK release date is yet to be announced.