The 52-year-old mum of four teenagers has been able to drastically cut back her working hours as a sustainability consultant since letting out her quirky campervan on Airbnb. She told Express.co.uk how she's turned her quaint corner in the quarry into a goldmine. Being a mother to four teenagers doesn’t come cheap. 52-year-old George who lives on the outskirts of St Briavels, on the edge of the Wye Valley and the Forest of Dean, knows this only too well. She told Express.cok how she has turned her love of the outdoors into a money making side hustle. George said: “We've always been 'van people' travelling, spending summers living in nature and going to festivals with our kids." READ MORE: Brits who take in Ukrainian refugees could get £1,000 off council tax “We knew that with our beautiful garden we had a real asset that could help us make money - and offering a van as a place to stay could be the way to do it. “So after about four years on our drive, we drove Cosmo. “We had to hot-wire him as we'd lost the key but he started first time! We then parked him up in a corner of the quarry. “He sat there for another couple of years while we formulated the plan." DON'T MISSPIP claimant 'distraught' after DWP process - 'Debt piling up' [INSIGHT]State pensioners could miss out on pension by giving wrong details [WARNING]PIP claim: 87 conditions that could mean you qualify for £627 a month [UPDATE] George continued: “We got wind of a brand-new TV makeover show 'My Unique B&B' and applied. “We were successful and during the first year of the pandemic in between lockdowns we worked on the conversion.” No ordinary van, Cosmo boasts a cosy bedroom and a hand-crafted kitchen as well as a warming log burner. An outdoor bathroom boasts a claw foot bath where guests can soak and watch the clouds float by, or on a clear night, enjoy a relaxing soak under the stars. During Covid, George made a comfortable £10,000 a year from Cosmo the campervan - a figure that she’s sure will be surpassed now travel is returning to normal. The entrepreneur added: “We have four teenagers - expensive as anyone knows - which also take up lots of time. “So if I want to work a little less on my main business I will let the van more. Or if I'm very busy I could in theory do it less. “But actually it's a pretty easy way of making some extra money once it's set up.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea She continues: "I love it because it gives me options for how I want to work and live and means I can be at home more on our land, with the animals and kids! “That flexibility is really important to me, especially with the children." When asked if she'd recommend this option to others, she replied "Absolutely. Once you're up and running and you get used to it it's an easy way of supplementing income and can lead to a more flexible and free life. "And we've met some really lovely people through the experience - it can be great fun. "I'd say make yourself stand out. It’s a competitive business. "It's been a huge adventure and we certainly don't have any regrets." 