Ex-boxer Darren Wall, 44, known as 'Jack' after the Union Jack tattooed on his neck, led a brutal gang involved in kidnapping, extortion, drug trafficking and gunrunning, according to police in Manila. He and his wife were both arrested in a nightclub in Manila's Poblacion red-light district after Mr Wall was accused of assault and brandishing a gun in the club. Mr Wall, from the East End, moved to the Philippines' capital five years ago. He lived in a villa in a gated community called Better Living, and recently married a glamorous former bar-girl half his age called Khanary Jane Abejo, 23. After his arrest at the nightclub, detectives said he was found armed with a 9mm Beretta pistol and 6g of cocaine. It took six officers to subdue him, and he is currently being held at Taguig Southern Police District HQ, Southern Manila. After Mr Wall was imprisoned following the arrest, investigators discovered evidence against him and his gang, with CCTV footage seized of him viciously beating up victims who refused to pay his protection money. Five officers, up to the rank of Major in the Philippines National Police are also being investigated, suspected of being on Wall's payroll, thus making him feel 'untouchable' from the law. Once news of Mr Wall's arrest became public, police were bombarded with calls from other victims willing to give evidence, safe in the knowledge he was no longer protected from the law. In a video discovered by police, Mr Wall is seen giving a savage beating to a man he is accused of trying to extort money from in a hookah bar. The man is initially seen pleading with some of Mr Wall's paid thugs, holding his hands together in supplication, before Mr Wall rushes in, pushes his men out of the way and delivers punch after punch to the victim while the henchmen make feeble attempts to pull him away. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Dover fury as EU threatens MORE checks While still in the UK, Mr Wall and two other crooks bungled a raid on an ATM machine in Gloucestershire nine years ago. After stealing the cash dispenser, getaway driver Mr Wall managed to crash their van into a ditch and trapped himself and one accomplice in the vehicle. Mr Wall, the gang's ringleader from east London was jailed for four years after admitting trying to steal a cash machine from a garage, near Cheltenham on Christmas Eve, 2012. Judge William Hart said: “As far as Wall was concerned, this was a piece of professional villainy. “You came down here with this offence in mind very shortly after committing a similar offence in Cambridgeshire as well as a burglary in the West End.” DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: Poland 'open' to nuclear weapons on soil - huge fallout Queen put foot down in stern warning to Prince Charles and William Nicola Sturgeon 'fooling no-one' as she 'stalls' Scexit Mr Wall will be tried for his crimes later in 2022, and if he is convicted, he will most likely be sent to the capital's New Bilibid Prison in Muntinlupa City, a prison noted for having the most overcrowded jail population in the world. Colonel Michael Villanueva, District Chief of the Criminal Investigation and Detection Group (CIDG), told the Daily Mail that if convicted of drug dealing and having an illegal weapon, Mr Wall would face a life sentence of 18 years with no remission. He said: “He ran his criminal protection racket through fear. “It's unusual for a foreigner, particularly a westerner, to come to the Philippines and become a leading player in the underworld. “But now his reign of terror is over. He felt he could do anything because he had paid off policemen. We are investigating five officers, and one is quite senior – a major – but we may yet find his network is even more extensive. “A lot of money was going through his hands each day – we understand he paid his enforcers and bouncers by the day and he paid off the corrupt officers at the rate of 2,000 pesos (£30) a day. [more than doubling their salary]. “It is clear from the CCTV we have seized that 'Jack' thought he could get away with anything, and didn't even worry about pulling a gun out on camera. ‘We have been contacted by many of his victims and they have shown us their very bad injuries for evidence.”