Her Majesty, 96, has maintained a near-constant presence at the Trooping the Colour parade, which is a royal tradition over 250 years in the making. But the Queen’s reported mobility issues and concerns over her health will likely mean the key event of the Royal Family calendar will be tweaked for Her Majesty’s benefit. Ian Lloyd, author of newly-published "The Queen: 70 Chapters in the life of Elizabeth II", told Express.co.uk the demands of the Trooping the Colour will be reimagined with “tremendous thought” for the Queen’s age. The Trooping the Colour parade, Mr Lloyd said, “involves an hour on Horse Guard’s Parade, and normally involves getting in and out of carriages, and sitting on a dais”. The parade, which moves from Pall Mall down to Whitehall, typically features appearances by senior royals in carriages or on horseback. Her Majesty previously made the ceremonial journey on horseback, before switching to the comforts of a carriage. Members of the royal household will then watch from a balcony in Buckingham Palace as an RAF fly-past whizzes over the royal residence. Mr Lloyd predicted: “If she attends that particular event, she will stay in the carriage and not get in and out.” He added that there could be a “shortened version” of the parade “where she goes around the arena”. He claimed that the Queen would likely remain seated in her carriage for the parts of the celebration where she would typically exit and greet the public. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Is it enough?' Harry opens up about 'struggle' The Trooping the Colour parade will take place on Thursday, June 2, 2022, as one of the first events of the extended bank holiday weekend to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The following day, a Service of Thanksgiving will be held in St Paul’s Cathedral, ahead of Saturday’s Derby at Epsom Downs. Mr Lloyd told Express.co.uk “things will be adapted” in this hectic running order of events to make sure the Queen is included in her own celebrations. He said: “There will be tremendous thought going into it to make sure the Queen can fully participate." DON'T MISS: Prince Harry may ‘regret extraordinary comments’ come Platinum Jubilee [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry’s return for Platinum Jubilee ‘suits brand purpose’ [ANALYSIS] Queen ‘prayed for a brother’ to avoid the crown, says expert [REVEAL] He continued: “I doubt she will be able to walk down the steps of St Pauls, which she has normally done. “She may go through one of the side entrances.” A similar provision was made for the monarch as she attended the Service of Thanksgiving for her late husband, Prince Philip. The Queen entered Westminster Abbey via a separate entrance last month as members of the Royal Family reflected on the life of the Duke of Edinburgh. Prince Philip died in April 2021 aged 99. During in-person appearances, Her Majesty has increasingly begun to use a walking aid, and commented during a Windsor Castle meeting earlier this year: "Well, as you can see, I can’t move.”