Prince William shared a strong bond with his brother Prince Harry from their childhood to their young adulthood, forged by the fact they both grew up experiencing the scrutiny of the public eye. Since they were children, William and Harry learned together how to behave in front of cameras and how to carry out royal engagements. The possibility to share the burden of public life with another loved one likely had an impact on Prince William, who could be trying to replicate this experience when it comes to introducing his children to public duties, it has been suggested. Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, six, have so far marked some very important royal milestones together, despite Kate and William's daughter being two years younger than the third-in-line to the throne. The decision to have the two young royals face major public moments together may have been made by their parents to provide them with reciprocal support - something the Duke of Cambridge himself used to have with Prince Harry when they were children, leading child psychologist Dr Alison McClymont claimed. She told Express.co.uk: "I think this is possibly down to William's own positive experience having his brother with him throughout incredibly difficult life stages, and his understanding of the benefit of having a 'support system' next to him and around him. "I imagine he wants very much for George to feel supported in his role as future King and he loves the idea of having Charlotte with him to share the responsibility and attention." Among the major milestones they crossed together, Prince George and Princess Charlotte attended for the first time in 2019 the Christmas Day service at Sandringham's St Mary Magdalene Church. While this is a family outing, the yearly appointment regularly attracts dozens of royal fans, who line up outside the chapel to catch a glimpse of those in attendance. As a consequence, the little Cambridges took part together in their first walkabout, during which they exchanged a few words with members of the public while being guided by their parents. READ MORE: Prince Harry takes ‘direct shot’ at Palace to protect Meghan Last month, George and Charlotte supported one another with their presence once again as they attended a major engagement - the service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip. The siblings, under the watch of Kate and William, shook hands and spoke with the clergymen welcoming prominent guests at Westminster Abbey ahead of the service. Last week, the brother and sister were also spotted for the first time attending the Easter Sunday service at St George's Chapel in Windsor. Dr McClymont believes Kate and William may be introducing their two eldest children to certain duties at the same time not to "overwhelm" them. She said: "They have shown to be very protective parents and they are both aware of the challenge of facing public scrutiny. "In William's case, he is aware of the challenge of this at a young age, so likely they want to bring them both together to share the experience and prevent overwhelming the children at a young age. "William has been very vocal about the media and the attention towards the Royal Family, so he is understandably protective of his children and wants to make it as comfortable for them as possible, whilst understanding what the preparation needed for their future roles." As the third-in-line to the throne, Prince George is destined to become King after the end of his father's reign. On the other hand, the role his sister may take on is not yet defined. However, she may inherit the title of Princess Royal, normally given to the sovereign's eldest daughter, and carry out royal work in support of the Crown and King much like Princess Margaret used to do with his sister the Queen. While the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge may be already preparing their children for their future life under the spotlight, they have also been adamant in their efforts to try and give George, Charlotte and three-year-old Prince Louis as normal a childhood as possible. The doting parents are personally involved in the three children's education: they do the school drop-offs and pickups and try to adapt their working schedules to their needs. While undertaking their tour of three Caribbean nations last month, Kate reportedly spent part of her nights organising her children's schedule - including Charlotte's ballet classes. Moreover, the couple were able to return from their tour in time to spend Mother's Day with George, Charlotte and Louis. Similarly, prior to their tour of Pakistan in October 2019, Kate and William reportedly managed to drop Charlotte and George off to school and returned in time to spend the weekend with their children.