New research carried out by the Volkswagen Financial Services Fleet (VWFS Fleet) has shown that 74 percent of car journeys could be done in an electric vehicle. The study analysed more than 720,000 journeys spanning nearly 6.5 million miles. VWFS Fleet studied data from its Future Fleet Analysis tool and found that the vast majority of fleet drivers could make their journeys in an electric vehicle based on their journey habits. The study used a mid-range Volkswagen ID.3 as the benchmark. The findings suggested that 74 percent of fleet drivers could make the switch to an EV now, whilst for two percent of the motorists, a plug-in hybrid would be the best option. In contrast, only 11.6 percent of new cars registered in 2021 were battery electric vehicles. READ MORE: Electric car owner fined £100 after charging his vehicle in car park The data also highlighted that only 21 percent of the drivers were best suited for a petrol vehicle. When it comes to diesel cars, that option was only recommended for three percent of the drivers analysed. The analysis looked at telematics data and studied aspects such as journey distance, average speeds, average distance, maximum distance travelled and dwell times from over 724,061 individual journeys to show the types of vehicles fleet drivers would be best suited to. Previous analysis of the same data, which took place in 2019 and was based on a Volkswagen e-Golf, showed that only 11 percent could switch to an EV. DON'T MISS Drivers to be fined for parking in EV bays this month [REVEAL] 'Is this fair?' Motorists call on classic cars and EVs to pay car tax [INSIGHT] Drivers told to ditch petrol and diesel to save £1,900 a year with EVs [WARNING] Comparatively, a further 37 percent of drivers fell into a "potential EV" category, where most of their journeys were suitable for an EV, but occasional longer trips may have required an internal combustion engine vehicle. In 2019, 36 percent of drivers were best suited to petrol cars, and seven percent would suit a diesel vehicle. The shift from 11 percent to 74 percent is a result of the progress that has been made in the driving range that is now achievable by battery electric vehicles. Mike Coulton, Fleet Product and Policy Manager at VWFS Fleet, said: "It's going to be a surprise for a lot of fleet drivers that many of them can make the switch to an EV now, despite the above-average journey distances many company car drivers make. “When we've looked in detail at the journey data, most of them could comfortably be done in an EV like the mid-range ID.3, which has a WLTP range of 260 miles, or a Tesla Model 3 with a potential range of 360 miles.” Mr Coulton added: "In the past couple of years, EVs have developed rapidly with driving range increasing. "Previous analysis showed that only one in 10 of us would have suited an EV, but the new generation of electric car models are more driver-friendly and actually, most drivers would find their lifestyle and journeys fit perfectly." The expert continued: "We know that EVs might not work for all journeys right now, and we're helping businesses identify where and how they can start to transition to EV and where they might need to keep traditional petrol and diesel cars for now. "With the 2030 ban on petrol and diesel cars looming, now is the time for businesses to look at where they can make changes to their fleet to start the transition as early as possible." The news comes after British motorists have called for EV owners to pay their equal share of tax. Drivers have been demanding further changes to make roads more equal by introducing a form of car tax for electric vehicle owners. Some of them claimed that electric vehicles “still pollute” as fuel is used to “generate the energy for a charger to charge a battery”.