The 64-year-old earns up to £250 a day as a film and TV extra and says “absolutely anyone can do it”. She’s currently starring in a new film directed by a well-known Hollywood director. It’s not everyday you get the chance to meet a Hollywood legend, but working as a film and TV extra certainly comes with a few perks. Not only does this side hustle pay up to £250 per day, but people don’t need any previous acting experience to apply. Carolynne Selway has been doing it for the last seven years and says she’s had around 20 gigs so far. The retired trauma nurse says it’s a breath of fresh air after being in charge of a very busy A&E department. READ MORE: NS&I announces Premium Bonds jackpot winners for April 2022 Carolynne told Express.co.uk: “I don’t do it full time - it’s my hobby. “I’ve probably done it 20 times now. “You can earn £200 to £250 per day depending on your costume, what time you have to be there and travel - all of this. “It’s not bad money for dressing up - it gets you out there doing things that you probably wouldn’t do in real life.” DON'T MISS:'Thank you!' Martin Lewis saves man £492 a year on his Sky TV bill [INSIGHT]State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less [WARNING]State pension: Six increases will take place from next month [UPDATE] Although Carolynne used to enjoy amateur dramatics when she was younger, acting experience isn’t a requirement. She explained: “When I retired, I was at home for about two weeks and soon got bored. “Then I thought, ‘I’ve always fancied being an extra’ so I Googled it and signed up with a few agencies. "It’s gone from there - it’s snowballed - I’ve even dragged the old man along to a few.”  Carolynne carefully considers which jobs she will take on and always thinks about how much travelling is involved. One of the downsides is that the days are really long - often starting at 5am and finishing at 6 or 7pm. Recently, however, she jumped at the chance of starring in a new film directed by a famous Hollywood actor. She can't reveal who it is yet because she has signed a Non Disclosure Agreeement (NDA). However, she said this has been one of the highlights of her supporting artiste career so far. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Carolynne has some great tips and advice for anyone who is looking to follow in her footsteps. How to become a film and TV extra: 1. “Sign up to all the agencies - Uni-Versal Extras and Casting Collective are just a couple. 2. “Don’t take yourself too seriously - I recently spent two months dressed up as an elf. 3. “Be prepared for long days - take sweets, energy bars, a drink, book a phone charger and warm clothes. 4. “People might have to travel - but wherever they are in the UK they will get work. 5. “Expect to have fun - extras are a gregarious lot."    Carolynne wouldn't think twice about doing it all again. For her the pay is simply an added bonus. It's clear that the real reason she does it is because she is having so much fun. She encouraged others to "go for it", adding: "You only live once!” Do you want to share your story with Express Money? Get in touch by emailing personal.finance@reachplc.com. Unfortunately we cannot respond to every email.  