Tom Ellis was well known for his role as Lucifer Morningstar on Netflix’s fantasy series Lucifer, which came to an end in 2021. Thankfully, fans will soon get to see more of the actor after he landed a huge new role on the streaming platform.  The self-proclaimed Luci-fans will remember when Netflix saved Lucifer after the series was prematurely cancelled by Fox in 2019. While this was a huge win for its dedicated viewers, it also proved to be a huge success for the platform as it took the crown of Netflix’s most-streamed show in 2021, according to Deadline. Lead star Tom Ellis, who played the crime-solving devil, is set to return to the platform after landing a huge new role. As well as the new project being an animated series, it will also be very different from his previous character.  READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small boss details story development TV Line reported Netflix will release a series and mobile game based on the card game, Exploding Kittens. This is “a card game for people who like kittens and explosions and laser beams and sometimes goats”. Exploding Kittens - The Game, is set to be released in May, while the follow-up series is expected to land on Netflix in 2023. As well as Ellis, the animated series titled ‘Exploding Kittens’ will also star Lucy Liu, Abraham Lim, Ally Maki, Mark Proksch and Sasheer Zamanta.  The premises reads: “The eternal conflict between Heaven and Hell reaches epic proportions when both God and the Devil are sent to Earth — in the bodies of chunky house cats.” Exploding Kittens will see Ellis take on the role of God Cat, while Zamanta voices the Devil Cat, Lim and Maki will portray siblings, as Liu plays their mother. It’s yet to be revealed which character Proksch will play as he was cast in an unknown role. Ellis took to Instagram to share the announcement with his fans with a caption which read: “Very excited to be part of the new Netflix animated comedy series, EXPLODING KITTENS - produced by comedy legends Mike Judge and Greg Daniels!!!!!”  DON'T MISS...Adam Henson gives sad update on beloved dog Peg [INSIGHT] Lucifer star 'in tears' as son announces new TV role [INSIGHT]Lucifer’s Dan star sent tributes for huge new role [INSIGHT] This caused a huge frenzy in his comments with thousands of fans praising the actor for landing his new role. @kmd0219 worte: “Congratulations! So excited for you and this new project!” @Livscrain remarked: “You playing lucifer then god... iconic actually.” @Anamuriel91 added: “You as God?! I can't wait! This will be so funny!”   @Auntijayne55 commented: “Congratulations! Looking forward to seeing this.” Exploding Kittens - The Game will retain the same gameplay as the original source material, however, after the release of the series it will be adapted. Future releases, including cards and the game mechanics, will be themed around the series, so viewers can bring their favourite characters to life. The game will be available to Netflix members without additional fees or in-app purchases. Lucifer is available on Netflix. 