Gabriel Jesus has refused to confirm whether he will be staying at Manchester City next season amid the ongoing speculation linking him with a summer move to Arsenal. The Brazilian forward is said to have already been contacted by the Gunners, with technical director Edu keen on bringing his compatriot to the Emirates Stadium in advance of the new campaign. Jesus has scored 11 goals for City in all competitions since the beginning of the current season and remains tied down to the Premier League champions until the summer of 2023. However, he chose not to commit his immediate future to City when quizzed on the topic by The Guardian over the weekend to hand Arsenal a welcome boost in their efforts to secure his services."It’s not time to think about this, you expect me to say this, but it’s true," said Jesus. "This is no time to think about this. Now is the best moment of the season."I want to enjoy, to keep focused on my team, with my teammates, to fight for the Premier League. I won it with my teammates three times. And I know how that feels and I want to have that feeling again. JUST IN: Arsenal star Mohamed Elneny makes contract plea to Mikel Arteta "And then of course we also have the tough game on Tuesday against Real Madrid [in the Champions League] and that is my focus."It seems as though Jesus' hopes of regular first-team minutes at City may take a major hit if Erling Haaland joins the club in the upcoming summer transfer window. City are said to be in advanced talks over a move for the Borussia Dortmund striker, who is widely expected to seek a new challenge at the end of the current season. Haaland's arrival in Manchester would leave Jesus on the fringes and in need of a move elsewhere in order to play on a consistent basis ahead of this year's World Cup in Qatar. The City forward went on to admit that he would be happy to feature more regularly but conceded that he knows what to expect in his current role under Pep Guardiola's management."It’s not just me, it’s [all] the players," he added. "If you ask, everyone’s going to say ‘I want to play’ and the season that I arrived here I played a lot, I think."I know what I expect of course but I know we have very good players who can play every game as well and sometimes it’s not just me, it’s Riyad [Mahrez], sometimes Raz [Sterling], and [Jack] Grealish arrives this season and sees how it is here. We have a lot of good strikers, wingers and forwards." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here