The Prime Minister, who was issued with a fixed penalty notice by the Metropolitan Police following Scotland Yard's Operation Hillman investigation into 'partygate', could receive more fines for breaking lockdown rules and attending parties. The Mirror has claimed that Mr Johnson led the celebrations at a leaving do for a staff member in November 2020.  The Prime Minister allegedly poured drinks as part of a tribute to his former director of communications, Lee Cain, and repeatedly encouraged his staff to “let off steam”. Sources from Downing Street have denied that Mr Johnson was the organiser of the leaving bash. The event reportedly began with drinks at the press office to celebrate the end of the working week. However, once the Prime Minister arrived, he is alleged to have encouraged staff to start drinking during the event.  A source told the Mirror that pictures of the leader of the Conservative Party were taken by the official taxpayer-funded photographer who was present at the party. These photographs have since been handed to Scotland Yard as part of the Met's investigation into the breaches of lockdown rules. Insiders from Downing Street have revealed that the Prime Minister did not act to break up gatherings of his staff, who were reportedly “sitting there drinking”, as he went to his flat when indoor socialising was not allowed. One source said: “He would come in and say, ‘Hello everyone, had a hard week? Letting off some steam? Oh great’. “The idea that he didn’t know there were drinks is total nonsense.” READ MORE: Woman not allowed on flight with family due to 'confusing' rule  They added: “If the PM tells you to ‘let off steam’, he’s basically saying this is fine.” The 'partygate' revelations and subsequent fines have led to Mr Johnson receiving widespread backlash, with Labour’s Angela Rayner saying he “has demeaned his own office”. Labour’s deputy leader said: “If the latest reports are true, it would mean that not only did the Prime Minister attend parties, but he had a hand in instigating at least one of them. “He has deliberately misled the British people at every turn.” DON'T MISS: POLL: Should Harry bring Lilibet to meet the Queen? (POLL)State pension age hikes could be accelerated pending ongoing review (INSIGHT)Ferrari and Mercedes worried about Red Bull engine plan with Porsche (REVEAL)  She added: “The Prime Minister has demeaned his own office.” This week is supposed to be a critical one for Mr Johnson as Commons Speaker Lindsay Hoyle is due to hold a vote on Tuesday over the decision to launch an investigation into the Prime Minister for misleading Parliament when he told the House he had not broken lockdown rules. The Prime Minister also faces a vote on Wednesday that will decide if he will be referred to the Parliamentary Privileges Committee, where if it is found he broke the rules, he could find himself suspended from Parliament over contempt of privilege. 