The first PS5 restock for the week beginning Monday April 25 has just gone live, with BT offering its customers a range of Disc and Digital bundles. When the restock first went live earlier this morning BT broadband customers were able to purchase the PS5 Disc or Digital consoles on its own, or choose from a range of bundles. BUY PS5 FROM BT If you want to purchase a PS5 from BT then you'll need to be an existing broadband customer and have been sent an access code for a PS5 restock. To ensure you get sent an access code for any future PS5 BT restocks then make sure you register your interest by clicking here. At the time of writing, the only options to sell out are the PS5 Disc and Digital standalone stock - all other bundles and are still in stock on the BT website. Only one PS5 Digital bundle is available, which offers a PS5 Digital console plus an extra DualSense controller for just under £420. But there are plenty of PS5 Disc bundles available, which offer accessories or a game with the in-demand Sony console. The accessory bundles include an extra DualSense controller (£508.98), extra controller and charger (£533.98) or an extra controller plus a headset (£598.95). While BT also has two PS5 Disc game bundles, both priced at £518.98. You can get a PS5 with either Horizon Forbidden West or Gran Turismo 7. A PS5 Disc console with 12 months worth of PS Plus access is also available for £498.99.   Just bear in mind though that you will be getting a year's worth of access to the current version of PS Plus, which offers free monthly games to download, the ability to play multiplayer games online, cloud storage and exclusive discounts. In June Sony will be rolling out its revised version of PS Plus which offers new membership tiers which offer access to a library of hundreds of PS4 and PS5 games to play - including exclusives such as Returnal, Death Stranding and Spider-Man Miles Morales - as well as a retro library of classic PS1, PS2, PS3 and PSP games.  The current PS Plus service will be known as PS Plus Essential, while the new tiers are PS Plus Extra (£10.99 monthly, £31.99 quarterly, £83.99 yearly) and PS Plus Premium (£13.49 monthly, £39.99 quarterly, £99.99 yearly). If you currently have a PS Plus membership and want to upgrade to a different tier you'll simply be able to pay the difference.