Howard Hamlin (played by Patrick Fabian) could be about to meet his downfall in the current season of Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould’s acclaimed Breaking Bad spin-off, Better Call Saul. The rival lawyer has been a thorn in the side of Jimmy McGill/Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk) and Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) since the AMC drama began back in 2015, but he could have some more tricks hidden up his sleeve to ensure he comes out on top. Co-showrunner Peter has hinted Howard may have a scheme of his own to get back at Jimmy and Kim. In the two-part season premiere, Wine and Roses and Carrot and Stick, the duo were peddling a rumour to destroy Howard’s career once and for all. They tried to convince Craig Kettleman (Jeremy Shamos) and his wife Betsy (Julie Ann Emery) to hire them to defend Craig’s embezzlement case by falsely claiming Howard is a cocaine addict. Jimmy even went so far as to plant a bag of fake cocaine in Howard’s locker, which was witnessed by Clifford Main (Ed Begley Jr). READ MORE: Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’ Howard’s number seems to be up heading into the final season, but, as always with Better Call Saul, fans should expect the unexpected. A recent clue from co-showrunner Peter suggests Howard’s case isn’t as hopeless as the last two episodes have made out. He explained: “Howard has depths that you have not seen yet. “You're going to find out what Howard Hamlin's made of — and it's maybe not exactly what you'd expect.” Howard has been in Kim’s crosshairs since the end of season five, in which she joked about ruining his reputation. However, their conversation soon grew more serious, as they realised Jimmy would receive a cool $2 million if Hamlin & McGill were forced to settle the Sandpiper class action suit. As Howard is clearly no longer a part of Jimmy/Saul’s life when fans first met him in Breaking Bad, it would be easy to assume Kim’s plan to derail his career proved successful. Even so, there’s still a chance Howard could be sowing the seeds which will eventually lead Jimmy to go into hiding as Gene Takovic. DON'T MISS:Lorraine clashes with Piers Morgan over cancel culture fury [VIDEO]Life After Life cast on sharing apartments with MAFS stars [INSIGHT]NCIS LA theory: Callen betrays Kilbride to unearth past [THEORY] Having fled Walter White (Bryan Cranston) and the cartel, Jimmy’s depressing life as a Cinnabon manager has been glimpsed in Better Call Saul’s flash-forwards. Viewers are still wondering how Jimmy reached this point of his life, and Peter’s clue in Entertainment Weekly about Howard could hold the answer. Although Saul is still a practicing lawyer at the start of Breaking Bad, he’s living in terror of the cartel and has seemingly lost Kim - plus, he doesn’t act like someone who’s received $2million in settlement money. Howard could have a plan of his own to ruin Jimmy’s reputation as a lawyer, ultimately forcing him to work with the emerging meth supplier Walter/Heisenberg. Then again, Peter also assures fans Kim won’t be going down without a fight. He teased: “How far is Kim willing to go? Also: How does she square the contradiction of doing evil to do good?” Will Kim pull a Walter White and kill off Howard before he gets too close? Or can Howard overcome the odds and send Jimmy’s life into a tailspin? Better Call Saul season 6 continues Mondays on AMC in the USA and the following Tuesday on Netflix.