Hazel Kirby, 61, from Harwood, Bolton, described the punishment as extortionate and disproportionate when compared to the £100 maximum penalty issued for a speeding offence. The retired University of Manchester employee said: "The fine is extortionate and I believe it is disproportionate when you compare it to a speeding fine - which is potentially a life-threatening offence." "Is it fair to say that the council is being overzealous? It just seems easy money to me to stop and fine someone for giving a pigeon a few crumbs of bread. "I dropped a crust to a bird - it is not the crime of the century. I do not drop litter and am a responsible citizen. I just feel it is heavy-handed on the part of the council. It is triple the amount of money paid by the Prime Minister and it comes within the context of the cost of living crisis." Ms Kirby explained how she went into the city centre on March 31 for a hair appointment and bought a cheese and ham sandwich from Marks and Spencer for lunch. She said there were two small crusts left over which she threw to a pigeon in Manchester's Piccadilly Gardens that gobbled them up more or less straightaway.  Ms Kirby continued: "I just chucked it across and a pigeon swooped in and took it. It was there for a matter of seconds and as far as I am concerned, there was no littering. "I went over to dispose of the wrapping in a bin and a woman from the council called me back. "She was very careful to not tell me what the fine would be until she took my details. "I was given a ticket at the scene. I have paid because I knew that if it went on anymore... she said it could go up to a maximum of £2,500 or I could go to court."   READ MORE ABOUT RAF JETS SCRAMBLED OVER SCOTLAND "I just think that it's not on and the whole issue needs airing in public. "It is too much money - I thought it would be a £30 fine or something like that. Not this." A Manchester City Council spokesperson said: "We know that people want to see a clean city centre which is why we make no apology for continuing to crackdown on littering. "We have dedicated officers in the city who won't hesitate to take action against any person found dropping litter, no matter what type of litter it is, and anyone who is caught can expect a fixed penalty notice.   DON'T MISS: Massive US Air Force jet spotted over Scotland [REVEALED] London's Blackheath sees 'serious disorder' - Parents issued warning [REPORT] 'Quite painful' Harry set to snub Jubilee as Queen' [LATEST]  "There are more than 700 bins across the city so there is no excuse for dropping litter." Walking around Piccadilly Gardens after the what happened, Ms Kirby said could not see any warning signs about littering and feeding pigeons.  In email correspondence, environmental enforcement company 3GS, which issues notices for the local council but does not set fines amounts, said there were 11 signs around Piccadilly Gardens. They told Ms Kirby that feeding pigeons in "most cities" was a problem and can encourage pests as well as vermin into an area. 3GS added that feeding birds also carries "both nuisance and health implications". 