Presenter Gabby Logan was one of eight celebrities to give up the comforts of their own homes and relocate to the Italian mountains on the BBC’s latest survival show, Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof. However, the 48-year-old sparked major concern after one of the challenges left her struggling for air.  The BBC’s latest show sees musicians, footballers and Strictly stars get together to take on tasks in sub-zero temperatures. In order to test their limits, the celebrities were guided by motivational speaker and extreme athlete Wim Hof, who is renowned for his ability to withstand freezing temperatures. Also known as ‘The Iceman,’ Wim Hof has inspired millions of people across the world to switch to cold showers and ice baths alongside guided meditation. When Gabby Logan took on one of his extreme challenges, she sparked major concern after battling to catch her breath. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof, hosted by Holly Willoughby and Lee Mack, sees the celebrities swap their day-to-day lives for a tented village in the Italian Alps. This is where the famous faces will push their limits and take on the freezing challenges. As well as Gabby Logan, the group consists of footballers Chelcee Grimes and Patrice Evra, actress Tazmin Outhwaite and weatherman Owain Wyn Evans. Musical theatre legend Alfie Boe is also part of the group alongside Strictly star Dianne Buswell and rapper Professor Green. The most recent episode saw the celebrities plunge into a deep ice bath carved into the icy ground. As she prepared for the jump, Logan told viewers she wanted to prove being of a certain age didn’t mean she had to slow down. She stated: “I want to prove to myself and to everybody of my kind of age that middle age is not a period to stop or slow down, it's about pushing yourself and experiencing things that you maybe never thought you would.” Logan continued: “And to prove middle age is not beige.” DON'T MISS...'We call men boys!' Kriss Akabusi hits back at feminist policing [NEWS]BBC's Owain Wyn Evans in tears as he takes on ice plunge 'Scared' [REACTION]Alfie Boe admits he wants to become ‘better man’ after sad divorce [INSIGHT] As the 48-year old leapt into the cold waters, viewers had an underwater view as she swam back to the surface. While the group cheered and clapped at her achievement, Logan was breathing heavily with her elbows on the ice while the rest of her body was still in the icy waters underneath. After noticing she was struggling to catch her breath Wim Hof knelt by the edge and encouraged the presenter to “relax.” The others looked worried as Logan battled to take deep breaths but thankfully she did and later remarked: “Oh, I couldn’t breathe.” As the weeks go on, the challenges will gradually get tougher and more daring as the celebrities get closer to their pursuit to feel “happier, healthier and stronger.” Though the stars won’t be facing elimination, they will instead have to fight their own beliefs and limitations to overcome the challenges. The show also has a spin-off on BBC Three titled ‘Munya and Filly Get Chilly,’ which consists of interviews and behind the scenes content, hosted by Munya Chawawa and Yung Filly. Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof continues on BBC One and BBC iPlayer. 