Weather experts said that the temperatures are likely to plummet to -3C after the UK experienced a balmy weekend. Talking to the Mirror, former BBC and Met Office meteorologist John Hammond says the UK's weather “will go into reverse” this week.  He said: “The mercury will go into reverse, with a cooler trend to end April. Fresh waves of Arctic air mean a good chance, even across southern Britain, of temperatures falling close to or below freezing." Mr Hammond added: “One or two wintry showers are not ruled out later in the week, most likely on higher ground in the North.” The sub-zero drop will mean the UK is even colder than Stockholm's 3C nights, with the freezing forecast set to last seven days into the May Bank Holiday weekend.  Consultant meteorologist Matt Hugo said: “Will it be the coldest start to May in quite some time? Northerly weather into early May is gaining traction.” Some may manage to escape the icy blasts however, with London forecast to enjoy a few days at 17C. Elsewhere, a north-easterly wind-chill will mean highs of 11-16C will feel more like 9-14C. The Met Office said it is likely to be “chilly” overnight in the run-up to May, with rural frost setting in some areas.  READ MORE: Piers Morgan eviscerates Nigel Farage for 'two faced weasel treachery' But while temperatures could drop below freezing during the night to as low as -3C, the daytime is forecast to bring mainly dry weather with sunny spells. According to the department, throughout the start of May, much of the south is likely to see continuing dry and sunny spells. The Met Office stated: “Parts of the north and west are more likely to experience cloudier conditions, with spells of mainly light rain or showers at times. “Winds are expected to remain light and temperatures staying above average for most, but parts of the southeast may experience colder mornings and some late season frost.  DON'T MISS:Tories slammed for ‘sitting around’ Liz Truss warns allies must ‘double down’ support to UkraineMacron SNUBS Johnson's ambition to fix 'broken' relations “Moving through the period, the weather is likely to become more unsettled in northern and perhaps some central areas, bringing spells of rain and potentially some cooler air at times, whereas it's probable southern areas will remain more settled throughout. “Temperatures are likely to be above normal for the rest of the country.” 