Tom Parker's beloved wife Kelsey shared the emotional poem in the aftermath of last week's burial, which saw hundreds of fans lining the streets outside to pay their respects. The Wanted frontman died following a courageous 18-month battle with a brain tumour, and Kelsey's latest Instagram post hinted at her grief. The poem read: "Grief may feel like the dying of the soul, while the body still lives, but you are alive my friend. "And they are not, nor do they want you to be with them yet." She urged: “They very much want you to live... "Do not fear the grief you feel, it’s just love thrashing around, looking for somewhere to go. So give it somewhere to go.” READ NOW: Helen Skelton announces heartbreaking split from husband Richie Myler During a private service for the star on the day of the funeral, Kelsey elaborated on how the pair first got together, against the odds. "Tom told me he was going to be famous and wouldn't have time for a girlfriend, but he wouldn't leave me alone," she recalled lovingly. "I will treasure every memory because life with you was never dull. "You were always coming up with songs, new game shows and we all know how much you loved an invention - I bet you were gutted you never made it on Dragons' Den. "Marrying you was the best day of my life... soulmates, that's what we are." Tearful fans had lined up to watch the coffin as it was carried by bandmates Jay McGuiness, Max George, Siva Kaneswaran and Nathan Sykes into the church. Champagne Supernova by Oasis was the song playing at the funeral, showcasing the star's love for the iconic 90s rock group. It was earlier revealed that Tom had even been listening to an Oasis song - Live Forever - when he died last month. DON'T MISS... Johnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip [LATEST] Jeremy Clarkson says Amber Heard wanted Top Gear stint in bid for fame [INSIGHT] Peter Kay says he’s doing ‘great’ as he makes rare public appearance [UPDATE] The track's tribute to ever-lasting life and survival of the soul beyond the body is said to have encapsulated Tom's attitude perfectly. The star had battled bravely until the end after his horror diagnosis with glioblastoma, enduring several chemotherapy sessions and 30 radiotherapy sessions. Seemingly good news had emerged late last year when he announced that his tumour had shrunk and then had remained stable. Tom never lost hope of a miracle, refusing to hear how long doctors believed he might have left. He even spoke of his desire to have more children with Kelsey, who had already given birth to their much-loved daughter and son. However, his condition sadly continued to deteriorate and in the final shows he performed with The Wanted, the 33-year-old was confined to a wheelchair, He also wore sunglasses to disguise the fact that the tumour had forced one of his eyes closed. Those who, like Tom, have received a grade four glioblastoma diagnosis, typically live between three and 18 months after receiving the bad news.