Aldi’s shoppers love its Specialbuys and the supermarket had added new garden items to get shoppers ready for the summer. Perfect for all outdoor spaces, find out what’s available here. Aldi has added new Specialbuys online and now shoppers can find even more garden additions. This year, Aldi has added more furniture and accessories including day beds, living walls and it’s perfect for the sunny weather. Previously, Aldi’s garden Specialbuys have sold out quickly so shoppers need to hurry to buy the new items before they sell out. All of the new items can be found online here. One of Aldi’s newest additions is the Gardenline Wooden Garden Day Bed and it has an average of four and a half stars online. Combining style and comfort together, it’s perfect for creating an outdoor seating area and the pull-out base allows it to be used as either a sofa or day bed. It’s now available exclusively online here for £279.99. Aldi shoppers can also furnish it or other existing sofas with Outdoor Cushions and they can find a range of patterned designs for just £6.99. Summer is the perfect time to spend evenings outdoors and bask in nature. Aldi’s added a new Portable Outdoor Heater that’ll ensure that you and your guest stay warm throughout the night and it’s priced at £79.99. It’s a 1200W lamp that heats up instantly and has a clever carry handle that makes it easy to transport. Shoppers can also illuminate the garden with the Solar Flicking Flame Lantern, Solar Flickering Flame Torch or add the Patio Heater, which is ideal for big spaces. Gardeners can find plenty of bargains and popular items include the Soho Square Planter and Soho Round Planter, which is available for £3.99 each here. Stylish and extremely affordable, kids can also play with the Children’s Bucket Grow Kit which comes with a bucket, seed sachet and one bag of compost, and is only £4.99. Make a true statement in your home with a living wall and Aldi is now selling the Wonderwall Vertical Planter Kit for £99.99. The kit includes 14 planter sets and built-in self irrigation to help even beginner gardeners make a stunning living wall with plants and fruits. Plus, shoppers can even change the living wall throughout the year by just dropping 1L potted plants into each planter. The kit is compatible with Aldi’s Gardenline Starter Kit and if you’re short on outdoor space, you can also use it indoors to make a feature wall. Shop all Aldi Garden Specialbuys here.