Robert Lewandowski reportedly believes that he has earned the right to leave Bayern Munich this summer amid interest from Barcelona. The Bavarian giants have so far stood firm on prospects of a transfer exit as the striker's agent, Pini Zahavi, gears up for more negotiations with the German club. Lewandowski has been tearing up the Bundesliga for 12 years and bagging in a Bayern shirt for eight. Murmurs first emerged last summer that, after such a long time at the top of German football, he would be keen on finishing off his career by taking on a new challenge. At 33-years-old and with one year remaining on his deal at the Allianz Arena, a departure at the end of this season makes sense on many levels. Fierce speculation persists that a move to Barcelona could be on the cards, but Bayern have so far stood firm when pressed on the matter in public. SPORT claim that the prolific frontman is 'determined' to make the move happen this summer, and he believes he has the right to do so after eight years of superb service. Super-agent Zahavi is scheduled to hold more crunch talks with Bayern on Wednesday. JUST IN: Chelsea stars 'worry' that Thomas Tuchel could quit club amid growing frustrations Barca have made a habit out of rounding up the continent's best free transfer opportunities of late, with financial struggles making life difficult. Franck Kessie and Andreas Christensen are already believed to be heading to Catalonia this summer, and Lewandowski could move on the cheap due to his contract situation. The Polish striker is Bayern's top earner but reports indicate that, like so many others, he would be willing to take a pay cut to turn out at the Camp Nou. Barca are enjoying a renaissance under club legend Xavi, who rescued their season to leave them second in La Liga.   It remains to be seen how the attacking power struggle would play out under Xavi with Memphis Depay, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Luuk De Jong already competing for minutes up top. Lewandowski's ridiculous numbers suggest that he will command one of the starting spots, however, which would hold true for virtually every team in Europe. The veteran frontman has bagged over 600 career goals, and despite venturing further into his thirties, the output is only speeding up. Across the last three seasons he has notched 151 goals in all competitions at club level alone, and the latest campaign is not done yet. It is therefore unsurprising that Bayern sporting director Hasan Salihamidzic is driving a hard bargain in public. "Yes [we can rule out a summer exit]," he told Sky90, "We will have talks, then we will see how things develop. He has a contract until 2023, now we will talk about what happens after that. I've seen Lewa absolutely relaxed in the last few weeks. He's an absolute professional. If he doesn't score, he's frustrated. That's what makes him special, that's why he's so good. "You have to manage him, but he also gives that back. I don't see that the fronts have hardened. I have spoken to his agent. We made an appointment. We have all the time in the world. We're happy and proud that he's here. Now we're waiting to see how the talks go. But that he has a contract for next year is clear."