Prince Harry was the only senior member of the Royal Family not in attendance at the Service of Thanksgiving for Prince Philip. He and his wife Meghan Markle decided to stay in California, where they nore reside with their two children. The couple’s absence has brought the status of their relationship with the family back into focus. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have not returned to the UK together since their exit. Harry has returned twice – first for the funeral of Prince Philip, and second to unveil a statue of the late Diana, Princess of Wales. His decision to stay in the US, instead of returning for the memorial service, has been criticised by experts, with one saying that the Duke will “regret” not attending. Russell Myers, royal editor at the Daily Mirror, told last week’s episode of Pod Save The Queen: “I think that certainly Harry will have regretted not being there [Philip’s memorial service]. He added: “I know that there was someone in the armed forces, who was speaking quite eloquently after the service and knew Harry, said that he thought he would regret it as well. “He’s going to be at the Invictus Games at The Hague, just a short – less than an hour – flight from here in the Netherlands in a couple of weeks. “It just seems an absolutely bizarre decision to have made.” Harry announced that he would be going to the Invictus Games just one day after he said he would not be attending Prince Philip’s memorial service. It’s been reported that the Duke will be joined by his wife in the Netherlands next week. The couple are expected to be followed by a Netflix documentary crew throughout the Games. The Sussexes previously announced a Netflix show about the Games, titled Heart of Invictus. A source told the Daily Mirror: “Meghan is excited to travel with Harry for the event, which is certainly close to his heart.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Queen pays emotional tribute to 'legacy' of Philip [LIVE] Meghan 'had to shrink' for Royal Family like 'Alice in Wonderland' [ANALYSIS] Prince Harry picks up habit from Meghan as Duke cuts ties from UK [INSIGHT] While a reason behind Harry’s decision not to return for the memorial service has not been given, it comes as the prince is embroiled in a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection for him and his family while they are in Britain. Harry has stated that he is "unable to return home" until it is resolved. The Home Office had previously ruled that Harry and his family were not allowed to pay the Metropolitan Police for security purposes while they were in the UK. Harry wants to bring his children to the UK, but "does not feel safe" to do so. But Ken Wharfe, a former royal protection officer, said: “I’m baffled about why Harry thinks he would be safer in the Netherlands than the UK. “He would have travelled to his grandfather’s memorial service with his brother or father and received protection from the Met. “It’s not like he would have been turning up at Westminster Abbey on a bike. “It is more of a risk to go to Holland to support a charity with a military link than coming to London last week.” The legal battle may influence whether Harry will return for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, and whether Meghan and their children will be in tow. In June, the Queen’s historic reign will be marked over an extended bank holiday. Between June 2-5 the monarch’s monumental milestone will be celebrated across the nation. Last September, royal expert Nick Bullen told the Royally Us podcast that the Jubilee is a “perfect opportunity” for Meghan and Harry to return, particularly because most of the Royal Family are yet to meet the Sussexes’ daughter – Lilibet Diana.