Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp is reportedly set to earn a new contract with the club after continuing to impress in his time on Merseyside with the Reds still in contention to complete a famous quadruple. And talks involving the German will avoid the haggle that the Reds have experienced with Mohamed Salah as talks continue to falter in a bid to keep the Egyptian ahead of his contract expiry next season. Liverpool's 2-0 win over Villarreal on Thursday evening further propelled Klopp towards greatness, with the Reds set to appear in their third Champions League final in just five years under his control. Having already won the Carabao Cup, Liverpool have also reached May's impending FA Cup final against Chelsea and sit just one point behind Manchester City in the Premier League title race. Calls from supporters for Klopp to be rewarded with a new contract have been rife given the amount of success the club have yielded since his appointment in 2015. But with the German boss formerly saying he would leave in 2024, the Anfield faithful have feared the worst. Those worries have been alleviated after a report by the Telegraph claimed that contract talks had been reopened following the Reds' remarkable form throughout the past four years especially. And the publication states that money is not thought to be an issue with Klopp's contract, unlike Salah - who is still yet to sign a new deal after not being rewarded with the financial commitment he feels he deserves amid his incredible form. READ MORE: Man Utd may be about to sign their own 'Xavi and Andres Iniesta' for Erik ten Hag  FSG president Michael Gordon was at Anfield for the drubbing of Villarreal, alongside Klopp's representative Marc Kosicke. Talks to improve Klopp's £200,000-per-week deal would see a wage hike, although money is not expected to be an issue. That differs from Salah, who believes that Liverpool have not offered him what he deserves after scoring 155 goals in 247 games at Anfield. But despite negotiations stalling, Klopp previously admitted the Egyptian star's deal was nothing to worry about. "I'm happy with it because there's nothing new to say - that's good," Klopp said about Salah's contract earlier this year. "The decisive parties are talking to each other and that's all I need." DON'T MISSErik ten Hag ‘pushes Man Utd’ into exploring free agent transfer this summer[REPORT]Mohamed Salah leaving Liverpool could deliver huge blow to Erik ten Hag's Man Utd plans [TRANSFERS]Barcelona identify third summer transfer as vultures descend on Erik ten Hag's Ajax side [GOSSIP] Salah spoke out about his contract after he bagged four at Manchester United back in October. "If you ask me, I would love to stay until the last day of my football career, but I can't say much about that - it's not in my hands," the Egyptian said. "It depends on what the club want, not on me." 