The aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic could pose a serious threat to retirement for Britons, with an alarming number of people expressing their concern over the impact issues like inflation are having on their ability to save. Half of the UK’s wealthiest savers say soaring inflation is the greatest threat to their retirement plans, according to new research from My Pension Expert. Inflation has skyrocketed in recent months and currently sits at a whopping 6.2 percent. As the cost of living rises, eating away at people’s earnings, it can be more difficult to put money away for the future. My Pension Expert surveyed 550 UK adults, all of whom have investments worth in excess of £50,000, excluding their primary property and any savings, and discovered a high level of apprehension among savers in the light of the current financial landscape. READ MORE: WASPI women receive update in state pension age fight as 'further evidence' to be reviewed Some 50 percent of wealthy Britons consider rising inflation to be a major threat to their retirement strategy. Almost half (48 percent) of those surveyed are also concerned about the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on their investments. These fears may have some validity, as 34 percent claim to be in a weaker position with regards to their retirement since the beginning of the pandemic. Worryingly, savers could be resorting to riskier propositions in an attempt to boost their pension pot. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis: Do you pay for dentistry and opticians? A little-known way to cover the cost [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak backlash grows – ‘I’m getting £2 extra pension while he’s got millions’ [REACTION]‘Do I have enough to retire?’ Dave Ramsey suggests a ‘rule of thumb’ for what you need [RETIREMENT] Over two fifths (44 percent) claimed that low interest rates have prompted them to consider riskier investments to provide greater returns. However, only 25 percent of respondents said they have consulted a wealth manager regarding their retirement investments, while just 32 percent have sought independent financial advice. My Pension Expert’s research also revealed that over a third (34 percent) of affluent retirement-planners have placed more of their savings into investments to counteract the combined effects of rising inflation and low interest rates. Andrew Megson, executive chairman of My Pension Expert, commented on the worrying findings and expressed his concern that savers could make devastating mistakes by chasing better pension fund growth. He said: “Covid has afflicted retirement planners, not only through job disruption and turbulence across financial markets, but also by contributing to rock bottom interest rates and, more recently, soaring inflation. “It is unsurprising, therefore, that so many wealthy Britons are feeling uneasy about the status of their assets. “However, the fact that these people are now feeling pressure to place their money in riskier investments is cause for concern – particularly as only a small proportion are seeking financial advice or consulting a wealth manager before doing so. “Indeed, making ill-informed financial decisions could result in irreversible losses and serious damage to their retirement strategies.” Mr Megson urged Britons to ensure they are informed before making a decision which could impact their retirement. He concluded: “Retail investors and pension planners must remain calm when faced with uncertainty; they must avoid making rash decisions. “Instead, seeking regulated advice from an independent financial adviser or a wealth manager will provide invaluable advice and insight into the economic climate. “With some outside knowledge, Britons will be able to make a fully-informed decision to strengthen their immediate, and long-term financial position.”