Having a supply of high-quality beer within arm’s reach is the stuff of dreams for beer lovers. Always having a companion through the highs and lows of watching a footy match, and always having something to go with a bag of crisps. While you may seem nothing more than a fantasy, it could be the reality for one lucky winner. That’s because we've got a huge stack of Hopsmore craft beer (360 cans!) to give away to one lucky winner. To be in with a chance of being that winner, just fill in the below form by giving us your name, age, email and telling us what your favourite type of beer is.   We want to know if you’re a lager lover, ale admirer or a bitter believer! You’ll need to hurry though, as you've only got till April 30, 2022 to enter the competition. When entering, you’ll be given the option to subscribe to our Hopmsore beer newsletter. It's full of helpful updates on beer deals and discounts, and signing up is super easy. Just click the part that says ‘Love craft beer & great tasting small-batch beers?’ at the bottom of the form. What’s the Hopsmore newsletter, and why should I sign up?    So, Hopsmore is a craft beer club that we’ve created. We're rather hoppy about craft beer and think that it's the best thing since sliced bread. We want to give everyone the chance to discover high-quality craft beer from the comfort of their own home, and for a great price. So, every month we release a new beer box containing a new set of completely different craft beers. Expect the likes of tropical fruit ales and lagers that remind you of your favourite hot chocolate, as well as tasty, classic beers. Just sign up to the Hopsmore newsletter when entering the competition and you’ll get to hear about great deals, discounts, new beers and boxes.  This competition is open to anyone who is a resident of the United Kingdom except employees of Reach plc. Closing date for all entries is 23.59 April 30th, 2022. Entrants must be 25 or over to enter the competition. Winners will be selected at random. Winners will be notified within seven days of the competition closing via the email address they have provided. To claim your prize, you must reply to the email notification within two days. Once details are received, prizes will be issued within 28 days. The prize is the following: a year's subscription to Hopsmore Beer Club, equating to 360 beers. The winner’s details will be purely used for administrative purposes to send out the prize. One entry per person. Standard Reach competition rules apply. Please drink responsibly, 25+ only 