Cruel thugs are said to have tied the helpless feline up in a pillow case before deliberately drowning it into the sea near Fife. A post-mortem examination revealed it was healthy and well looked-after until its death. This raised fears that the “deliberate act” may have taken the life of a beloved pet. Inspectors at the Scottish Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SSPCA) suggested an offence may have been committed. The cat’s remains were found washed up on the promenade in Leven, a seaside town north of Edinburgh, on the northern coast of the Firth of Forth, on April 20. The unfortunate animal was found in a pillow case, which had been tied up with a hair bobble so the cat couldn't escape. READ MORE: Calls for Mini's Law after hunting hounds killed beloved family cat The remains of a green bin bag were also found inside the pillow case, SSPCA reported. The cat, a young, female black and white cat, was not chipped, nor was she wearing a collar. However, she appeared to have been well-cared for, and was fed “shortly before she was killed”. Robyn Gray, an inspector for the SSPCA, said: “This is a very concerning incident that was understandably distressing for the member of public involved. “The cat is a young adult, black and white cat who is not microchipped and was not wearing a collar. “She was found in a pillow case, which was tied up with a black hair bobble. “There were also the remains of a green, plastic refuse sack inside the pillow case. “When the incident was reported we collected the cat and sent the body for post mortem. DON'T MISS Horror as British man 'stabbed to death' in Algarve holiday resort [REPORT] Russian aircraft filmed 'dancing' to the ground after Ukrainian strike [WATCH] Brexit LIVE: 'Invincible' Macron to unleash hell on 'isolated' Britain [INSIGHT] “The post-mortem has concluded that the cat drowned. “There is no bruising to suggest she was held down so it’s likely she was still alive when she was placed in the bag and put in the sea. “This has not been an accidental drowning, but a deliberate act and would have been a horrific, terrifying death for the animal." Mr Gray added: “It is an offence to deliberately harm or kill an animal and we’re sure that someone out there must recognise this cat, or the pillowcase she was found in.” The drowning of the cat in Fife is not the first to make headlines this year: in March, a man in a sleepy Dorset hamlet was taken to court after reportedly drowning his neighbours cat in a water butt. Richard Giles grabbed the tabby cat while it was on his property, and then put it to its death. It’s owner, Shirley Gear-Evans, told the Dorset Echo he freely admitted to killing the pet. He reportedly claimed it was “ruining” his crops, and failed to offer an apology. Animal welfare organisation PETA implored Weymouth Magistrates’ Court to impose the maximum sentence, including a lifetime ban on keeping animals. The SSPCA is urging anyone with information about the incident in Leven, Fife to get in contact via their confidential animal helpline on 03000 999 999.