Mr Sunak requested an investigation be launched, stressing his “over-riding concern” was to retain public confidence. The probe, led by Lord Geidt, has found the Chancellor declared all the relevant information appropriately. He advised the Prime Minister: “The requirements of the Ministerial Code have been adhered to by the Chancellor.” Lord Geidt said: “In reaching these judgments, I am confined to the question of conflicts of interest and the requirements of the ministerial code. “My role does not touch on any wider question of the merits of such interests or arrangements.” The Chancellor held a US Green Card for a year into his term leading the Treasury, as well as for some time while he was sitting as an MP. READ MORE: Putin pundit demands ‘Kyiv regime be wiped off face of the earth' On this, Lord Geidt reported “it has not been considered necessary for this interest to be specifically published in the respective Lists of Ministerial Interests”. Bow Group Chairman Ben Harris-Quinney suggested the story of Mr Sunak’s tax affairs received a lot of attention due to attempts by “back-biting” rival MPs to “knock his popularity”. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] The story hit the papers soon after the Chancellor was reported to be eyeing up Number 10, with Mr Johnson’s own popularity then battered by ‘Partygate’ and one backbencher telling Express.co.uk Mr Sunak was “on manoeuvres”. Mr Harris-Quinney told Express.co.uk: “There is nothing sensible or conservative about paying a lot of tax, but the Chancellor should spend a lot more time lowering the tax burden on the public than he has for himself. “It would be wrong however to suggest this issue ends Sunak's career or future prospects. He added that if Mr Sunak and the wider Government really wants to bring the public more on-side, it should focus on shaking off its “Blairite” policies and start being the “conservatives they were elected to be”. The Bow Group Chairman said Whitehall should “slash taxes, slash immigration, slash debt, stop being woke and start fighting woke". He added: “If they do that they will be amazed how quickly their fortunes improve."