Miriam Margoyles will be opening up to Alan Yentob in an upcoming episode of BBC’s Imagine… about her acting career, relationships and most vulnerable moments. Ahead of the interview, the Call the Midwife actress detailed her health concerns as she shared an “upsetting” health update with fans. The actress revealed: “I now have a fairly crippling condition called spinal stenosis, which is very painful. “I can’t be as active physically as I used to be and that’s irritating and upsetting.” Miriam’s mother suffered a stroke and the actress has previously attributed coming out as the reason for the tragedy. In the interview, Miriam was asked if she was worried about suffering from a similar fate as her late mother. Read more: Miriam Margolyes health: Star, 81, on 'horrible' declining health “I fear death,” the Call the Midwife actress continued. “I fear paralysis and being ill and losing dignity and being a bore to people, so they cross the road – ‘Here comes Miriam, oh Christ.’ “I do think about the end – how do I face it? With bravery, with equanimity? With dignity?” “How do I become the best of myself at the end of my life?” Miriam told Radio Times. In September 2021, Miriam released her autobiography This Much Is True. Miriam Margolyes: Up for Grabs is the latest Imagine… instalment which will air on Monday, April 25 at 10.40pm. The actress will open up about her extraordinary life and share more of the hilarious stories she has become loved for. Despite Miriam’s health concerns, the actress won’t be taking it easy any time soon. DON'T MISSMiriam Margolyes’ fears over 'worrying' illness her father had [INTERVIEW]Miriam Margolyes, 80, addresses health concerns as she gets older [INSIGHT]Miriam Margolyes speaks out on unlikely childhood gift from her mum [VIDEO] She has two documentaries to make in 2022 and has agreed to write another book. Miriam previously addressed her health concerns during an interview on Loose Women. In 2020, she opened up to the panel about her fears after her father Joseph Margolyes battled Alzheimer's. She revealed: “I think I’m on the way to losing my marbles — it’s worrying — worrying to all of us. “It is worrying. Anybody who has had any experience of looking after someone with Alzheimer’s, seeing them gradually disappear from you. “It’s a terrible thing. Old age is a horrible business. Dementia is a horrible business. “We need to be kind and loving and understanding and know more about it. The more attention it gets, the better.” Miriam Margolyes: Up for Grabs airs on BBC One on Monday, April 25 at 10.40pm.