Manchester United appear to be closing in on appointing Paul Mitchell as the club's new transfer chief. If they did so, it would mark a huge step forward, given the Englishman's success in similar roles at Southampton, Tottenham, RB Leipzig and Monaco. Mitchell has built a reputation as being one of the best recruiters in the business, something United desperately need. There are eight Mitchell signings in particular who the Red Devils will be excited by, as a potential insight into the future. Arguably the standout signing was Mitchell's recruitment career was Son Heung-Min for Tottenham in 2015. Mitchell bought the South Korean for £22million from Bayer Leverkusen, with Son becoming a crucial part of Tottenham's attack ever since, forming a brilliant partnership with Harry Kane. Mitchell also proved he can spot a player by bringing Sadio Mane to Southampton for just £10m. Mane was one of Mitchell's last signings for the Saints, and the Senegal international thrived, finishing as their top scorer before moving to Liverpool. READ MORE: Mitchell's view on taking Man Utd role as Rangnick gives endorsement If Son and Mane prove that Mitchell's scouting eye is spot on, the signing of Christopher Nkunku for Leipzig shows that he has not lost it. Mitchell bought Nkunku for just £11m and following a season in which he has scored 30 goals, the Frenchman is being chased by several top clubs. That trio of signings show that Mitchell can build attacking forces, but arguably more pleasing for United will be the move that saw Toby Alderweireld join first Southampton and then Tottenham. At his peak, the Belgian was one of the best defenders in the Premier League and a centre-back in a similar vein is desperately needed at Old Trafford. His adeptness with signing defensive players continued when Kieran Trippier arrived at Spurs for a bargain £3.5m in 2015. The Englishman became one of the best right-backs in the Premier League, successfully replacing the departed Kyle Walker, and was one of the key parts of Mauricio Pochettino's squad. DON'T MISS: Man Utd have a swap deal worth considering to delight Erik ten Hag (NEWS)Rashford and Lingard’s strange actions after Arsenal beat Man Utd (INSIGHT)Chelsea target Kounde 'has decided' he wants move with Man Utd keen (TRANSFERS) A trend from Mitchell's career has been signing players who develop into the best in their position. That can certainly be seen with Victor Wanyama, who starred in midfield after being bought by Mitchell for both Southampton and Tottenham. Another facet of Mitchell's work for United to get excited about, is revitalising players' careers, including Angelio. The Brazilian was a peripheral figure at Manchester City, but is now thriving at Leipzig, where he has been a key part of their recovery under Domenico Tedesco this season. Finally, Mitchell's most recent signing from his time at Monaco, Vanderson, also gives reason for excitement. Vanderson was being chased by several top teams, but opted to move to Monaco due to Mitchell's pitch for why he should join the Ligue 1 side.