The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who are living in the US after quitting royal duties, made a surprise visit to see the Queen and Prince Charles at Windsor Castle on Thursday on their way to the Invictus Games in The Hague. But ITV's royal editor Chris Ship said Harry did not see his brother the Duke of Cambridge while in Britain. Mr Ship told ITV News: "One person he didn't see while he was in the UK was his brother William." It comes as the brothers have been at the centre of a much-publicised rift, with Harry previously admitting the relationship was "space" during his and Meghan's bombshell Oprah Winfrey interview. During the explosive interview, Meghan also claimed Kate made her cry in the run-up to her royal wedding in a row over flower girl dresses, following previous reports it was the other way around. The Sussexes' face-to-face meeting with the Queen and the Prince of Wales has been viewed as an "olive branch" by a royal commentator. Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty Magazine, told The Sun newspaper: "It is a wonderful opportunity to clear the air and offer an olive branch. "After everything that has gone on it must have taken a lot for Harry and Meghan to go to Windsor. "Also Maundy Thursday is a very special day for the Queen as it is about forgiveness. "She is not one to hold grudges and I think she would have happily welcomed them with open arms." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's 'shocking' snub  Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty Magazine, described the visit as "a very welcome if long overdue move" on the part of Harry and Meghan. The couple have not been in the UK together since they quit as working royals more than two years ago. The trip to Britain comes after the pair were absent from Prince Philip's memorial service at Westminster Abbey last month. Harry is also embroiled in a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection for his family while in the UK. DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan’s secret visit offers hope of an olive branch [INSIGHT]Queen health fears mounting after missing Easter services [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry's snub from Dutch royals reveals their new status [VIDEO] The Duke wants to bring his children to visit but they are "unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous, his legal representative has said. Harry's decision not to attend the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service but travel to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games had raised eyebrows among some royal commentators. The Sussexes' unannounced return to the UK on Thursday comes as concerns continue to mount over the Queen's health. The monarch is expected to miss another traditional event of the Easter period on Sunday. The 95-year-old recovered from Covid in February which she admitted left her feeling "very tired and exhausted. The Queen, who spent a night in hospital last October before being ordered by doctors to rest, been experiencing mobility issues. Harry and Meghan are living in California with their two children Archie and Lili after quitting royal duties in March 2020. 