Netflix heartthrob Jonathan Bailey, who plays Viscount Anthony Bridgerton in the popular period drama, made an appearance on Friday’s This Morning to talk all about the Netflix series. However, ITV host Alison Hammond got a bit too carried away with the actor as she attempted to recreate some of the show’s love scenes, leaving co-presenter Dermot O’Leary shaking his head in shame. While explaining the distance in which the actors keep from each other during a sex scene, Alison began: “But you use a netball so that obviously you don't touch each other for real?" “Yeah, that was a new item,” Jonathan began to explain before Allison cut in and giggled: “Have we got a netball, anyone, for a demonstration?” In jest, the Bridgerton star chuckled in response: “Do some pivots.” Bringing the conversation back, the 47-year-old presenter asked: “So, how does it work? It’s not completely blown up, obviously...” READ MORE:Coronation Street theory: Gary Windass betrays Maria Connor in affair Jonathan replied: “Well no, it's actually half-inflated. But the idea is that it's obviously about safety first, obviously, and about [having] a barrier.” The actor then changed his sitting position, prompting Alison to shriek: “Oh, I thought you were coming over to show me then.” Co-presenter Dermot then broke out into laughter placing his face in his palms while Jonathan laughed as he got on all fours, making reference to Alison’s request. Alison grabbed two pillows from the sofa and got into position, sitting opposite the TV star, exclaiming: “I’m ready!” “A bit of shakey-shakey,” Jonathan mocked as Dermot began to shake his head at the pair. He went on to say: “It’s all about the angle.”   “We need three barriers, there’s a three barrier rule,” Jonathan explained while the host reached out from the side to wedge all three between them both. The Anthony Bridgerton star demonstrated to viewers at home: “I’ll have mine and then this would be the netball.” Alison then put her arm on the 33-year-old actor’s shoulder and admiringly looked into his eyes, asking: “So then we’d just like to look at each other?” Catching Dermot’s expression as he shook his head from the side of the sofa, Jonathan began to chuckle.   “What?” Alison said before she quipped: “I just want to know how it works.” As the host stood up to return back to her seat, Jonathan quickly grabbed her arm and brought her back to their position before Alison gasped: “Oh!” The TV actor mocked: “Do you know what? This is essentially a screen test. “I think you’re passing with flying colours?” he added to the This Morning host.   