Royal expert Jennie Bond was quizzed on Thursday's instalment of GB News about Prince Andrew's future after being stripped of his Freedom of the City of York honour following a vote by councillors. They voted unanimously for the motion which follows the settlement of the civil sexual assault case brought against him by Virginia Giuffre. Jennie told viewers why his family will not stand by him to come back into public life. Host Eammon Holmes asked: "Jennie, you said mothers stand by their sons but would brothers stand by their brother?" Jennie bluntly replied: "I don't think so. I think if this got to Parliament I don't think Charles would stand up for his brother and say, 'No you mustn't take his Dukedom away.' "There is not a huge bond between [Prince] Charles and Andrew I don't think and the other siblings. "I mean I am sure they love him as any other family loves their siblings but I don't think they will, in any public way, stand by him for him to come back into public life." READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry She stressed how the calls for Prince Andrew to be stripped of his title will "not go away". "York has been so forthright in what they have said about it all, they have said he does not reflect York's values," she added. Andrew was given the freedom honour from York in 1987 and he is the first person ever to have it removed, the council meeting was told. The dukedom was a gift from his mother on his wedding day in 1986 and was previously used by the Queen's father George VI.  In January, ahead of the legal settlement, the Queen stripped Andrew of his honorary military roles. During the GB news interview which went on to discuss the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, Eamonn added: "Can you imagine someone saying, 'Sorry not you Andrew, you can't come out here.' It's pretty embarrassing." Jennie said: "Yes, it is embarrassing. Luckily there is the precedent of the Diamond Jubilee when it was just the immediate heirs who have gone onto the balcony. "But that is the kind of life he lives now and I think he is a distraction and that is a problem. DON'T MISS...Royal 'precedent' which could see Andrew snubbed from Jubilee balcony [LATEST]Ingrid Seward hits out at 'unkind' York hurting Queen's Jubilee [DEBATE]Calls for Prince Andrew to lose Duke title after York honour loss [UPDATE] "If the Queen does want to invite him, as we saw at [Prince Philip's] memorial services, he is now a distraction away from what should be the Queen's big year and her big celebrations. "With the memorial service, it should have been just about the Duke [of Edinburgh] and the Queen mourning her husband." Prince Philip, who died last year aged 99, had more than 1,800 people attend his memorial service in Westminster Abbey on March 29. Jennie continued to say how "all the headlines were pretty much" about Andrew rather than his father.  Buckingham Palace and a spokesperson for Andrew declined to comment. The Queen's Platinum Jubilee Pageant will take place on June 5 outside Buckingham Palace. The Queen will be the first British monarch to reach the milestone. GB News is available to watch on Freeview and Virgin Media. 