Queen Maxima of the Netherlands led the royal women in style today. The monarch donned a Valentino wool and cashmere-blend cape in beige. The item is now sold out, however it once sold for a whopping £3,895.40.  She paired this with her Natan Couture pink dress which she has also worn before. Along with these, the Queen wore a pair of Gianvito 105 praline suede pumps. These shoes are a favourite among many royals, including the British Royal Family. They sell for an outstanding £560 on Net-A-Porter.  READ MORE: Prince Harry 'overthinks every word' in US interview - 'defensive' Maxima chose a hat from a designer that holds a Belgian royal warrant, Maison Fabienne Delvigne. As well as these, the Queen accessorised with earrings from Steltman Jewellery. She chose the diamond and Kunzite earrings, which are also a repeat wear for Maxima. Royal fans took to social media to praise the Queen's style.  Instagram user @brigittabish said: "The dress looks really nice and summery!" Another account, @very_vany added: "They look amazing!" How did her daughters dress for the celebratory day? Princess Catharine-Amalia of the Netherlands, 18, wore a MaxMara pinstriped cotton and linen jacket with matching trousers.  The trousers cost £399, but the jacket cost a whopping £850. For a spot of colour, the Princess accessorised with a Jacquemus 'Le Bambino' long leather shoulder bag in green for £615. Some royal fans were conflicted about Catharine-Amalia's outfit. For instance, Instagram user @paulaarsans commented: "I would love to see her wearing something more modern."  A couple of accounts replied with clapping hands emojis in agreement. Catharine-Amalia's younger sister Princess Ariane, 15, wore a beautiful Sandro Paris 'Lison' button-up flared dress for £299. She paired this with a Sophie Habsburg Moneypenny clutch in yellow for £261.42. Instagram user @emm_a_lire said: "I really like the dress of Ariane." Another account, @noiresmum added: "Their bright, happy smiles are the best accessories." 