Earlier this year, Danni Menzies confirmed she would be leaving A Place in the Sun after six years so she could pursue jobs closer to home. Danni may have already left the Channel 4 property programme, but some of her episodes are still yet to air. Over the past year, the programme’s newest property experts Leah Charles-King and Craig Rowe were added to the presenting team. Before that, Lee Juggurnauth was confirmed as a regular host on the show. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Lee paid a tribute to his co-star as he admitted: “No one can replace, Danni.” The 34-year-old also opened up about what viewers can expect from his latest episodes. Discussing Danni’s decision to leave the show, Lee began: “Danni is incredible, I love Danni and she has been on the show for years and I think you can never replace Danni. “I think she will always be associated with the show, and even though she has left, she still has a few episodes to come out in the next year. “ READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ He added: “I don't think it's the last that we've seen of Danni.” Lee, who also has had a successful career in the music industry, went on to add he doesn’t think Danni will be replaced with a new presenter. “I think in terms of…as far as I know, they brought in Leah, Craig and myself and they're a great addition to the team,” the expert continued. “But I don't think there'll be any more additions to the team because I think we've got quite a good dynamic now.” “Danni is a really fun person to be around,” Lee explained. “She's a great energy and she is incredible at what she does. I think it's not the last that we've seen on the show. “We've got a lot more episodes with her coming out, so I think in terms of now, the team is good, but you never know what they're going to throw at you.” When Lee isn’t busy with his clothing line, he is flying to exotic countries to film for A Place in the Sun. In one of his latest episodes, Lee recalled meeting with house hunters and siblings, Roz and Liz in France. DON'T MISS...Neighbours theory: Hendrick Grayson to exit in tragic romance twist [SPOILERS]Simon Cowell speaks on shaking up BGT judging panel  [INISIGHT]Denise Welch clashes with Nadia Sawalha in fiery Prince Harry row  [VIDEO] The presenter said for him, it was one of his “most favourite episodes to film”. “It was a really nice special bond that they had,” Lee detailed. “They've raised their kids, they've lived their life in the UK, they worked so hard and then they both had the same dream that as siblings, they wanted to retire together in France. “They stayed in my mind because they were very sincere, very humble and you could see how much this meant to them and I think the beauty of seeing Roz and Liz when we were in France all together was that sibling bond, no matter how old or young you are, it will always be there. “And it just showed that even though they had kids themselves, grown-up kids, they were fundamentally still sisters.” “So, to see that dynamic, it was very emotional,” he added. The property expert explained even though the sisters had plans to move together, they did not want to live together, so it was a challenging house search. He said: “It was one of those things where we were looking at properties and they were very specific about what they wanted, you know they didn’t want to live in the same house. “[In France] You find a house and there's always a guest house next to it, so, they were like 'Who's going to be in the guest house because I guess it was going to be smaller?’ “But they'd obviously discussed who was having what house [before they arrived].” A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.