Arsenal are keen to add a midfielder to their ranks in the summer. After their failed pursuit of Arthur Melo in January, the Gunners will have been hoping for more luck in their bid to try and sign Lucas Paqueta of Lyon – but their chances of signing the Brazilian have been handed a blow. Paqueta has been linked with a move to the Emirates Stadium for the last few months, impressing in the Ligue 1. However, Newcastle were reportedly interested in the playmaker too and some speculated that the St James’ Park outfit had a bid for the former AC Milan star rejected. But Mikel Arteta could make Paqueta a priority signing as Roma are expected to reignite their interest in Granit Xhaka in the summer. The Switzerland international has had a rollercoaster of a time in North London but his hot-headedness has been an issue ever since he arrived at the club. But Paqueta may be more tempted by a move to Newcastle now as Bruno Guimaraes has told the Toon Army that he would like to reunite with his former Lyon teammate. Asked in the Magpies’ matchday programme ‘if you could bring one former teammate to Newcastle, who would it be?’ the 24-year-old replied: “Ah, Lucas Paqueta. JUST IN: Chelsea player ratings: Lukaku and Christensen flop as Arsenal win to boost top-four hopes “He is my brother, my best friend and I really get on great with him. We have the same way of thinking, we are the same age and we were together everything day - always talking to each other. “He is a family member that football has given me and I hope that he’s happy wherever he is. He’s a great guy, he has a massive heart and people like that deserve the very best.” DON'T MISS...Chris Sutton slams Jesse Lingard's clothing choice vs LiverpoolMan Utd icon Paul Scholes tells club to finish 8th in 'saddened' rantMan Utd icon Gary Neville admits he was 'unprofessional' on Sky Sports Paqueta has impressed in France this season with eight goals and five assists in 31 appearances for Peter Bosz’s side, playing on the left of the three-man midfield. Playing in Arteta’s system – with two deeper midfielders focused on protecting the defence rather than attacking – may not best utilise Paqueta’s skillset. In comparison, Newcastle plays a similar formation to that of Lyon. He spent two years playing in the centre of the park with Guimaraes previously and the opportunity for the two best friends to be at the heart of a major project could prove very persuasive.