Protests have erupted across France following the result of the 2022 Presidential Election. Emmanuel Macron will return to the Elysee Palace for another five years after winning his second consecutive contest against National Rally's Marine Le Pen. Mr Macron is projected to have won the 2022 contest by a tighter margin than in 2017. The French President is set to receive 58.8 percent of the vote compared to 41.2 percent for the far-right candidate, according to IPSOS. However, opponents of Mr Macron have voiced their disappointment with the result by protesting. It had been reported riot police had come into contact with protesters and used tear gas. Elsewhere in the French capital, it has even been claimed two people have been killed after police opened fire at a vehicle which had failed to comply with a police request to stop. Paul Sugy, a journalist at the Paris-based daily morning newspaper Le Figaro and CNews columnist, claimed gunshots had been heard during the protests. Mr Sugy told his 13,000 Twitter followers in French: "Gunshots heard at the Pont Neuf, in the square du Vert-Galant." JUST IN: Frexit leader slams Macron after two people shot dead in Paris The gunshots are believed to have been fired by a police-issue Heckler & Koch G36 assault rifle. He added: "According to witnesses on the spot, a man forced a police barrage, which responded by firing automatic weapons. "Several victims on the ground are taken care of by the emergency services." In a separate tweet, he said: "The police confirm a refusal to comply. Two people died." However, there is no information at this stage on the identity of the driver or the reasons which led him to rush towards the police. Agence France-Presse also confirmed two people were killed during an incident in the French capital. READ MORE: Emotional Brigitte Macron speaks after Macron's victory They said: "Police officers fired this evening in Paris on a vehicle which tried to hit them, killing two occupants of the vehicle and injuring a third, learned the AFP from a police source." An investigating source has since said: "A car came rushing towards police soon after midnight, and refused to stop. "One of the police officers opened fire, killing two people and wounding a third." An examining magistrate arrived at the scene in the early hours of Monday morning. The scene was closed to traffic and the IGNP investigations unit was also present. An investigation into "attempted voluntary manslaughter on persons in charge of public authority" has reportedly been launched. Police confirmed the wounded person was a woman who had been sat in the back of the vehicle. DON'T MISS:Macron delivers victory speech & claims to be "guardian" of France [VIDEO]Read why Macron's challenger Marine Le Pen admitted defeat [INSIGHT]'Don't want Macron and don't want Le Pen!' French voter exasperated [REACTION] She has since been admitted to Pitié-Saplêtrière hospital "for urgent treatment". According to Mail Online, the source added: "It seems that they were simply in a car that was being driven erratically." A witness told Le Figaro: "A car was parked in the wrong direction along the Vert-Galant square on the Pont Neuf. "The police approached to control the individuals present in the vehicle by pointing automatic weapons at him. "The driver rushed off towards the police at full speed. "The police fired immediately." There is no evidence to suggest the incident was linked to the French Presidential Election or any terrorist acts.