This should be welcomed. After so much stasis for so long under Merkel, the country needs change and dynamism. Unfortunately, there seems to be almost no chance of the bold foreign policy being matched on the domestic scene. The governing coalition of Social-Democrat Party (SPD), the Greens and Free Democrats (FDP) mostly favours continuation of Merkelism, whereas Merkel´s own party, the Christian-Democrat Union of Germany (CDU) are now openly re-evaluating their position and ditching key parts of Merkel´s record in government and as party leader. It is a truism that Merkel pulled the country and her own party to the left. Being almost constantly in coalitions with the SPD, many compromises had to be made, but some of them might have been a more than welcome pretext for Merkel to ignore her conservative colleagues and accept safety in the centre ground. This has led to policies that will have damaging consequences for years if not decades: opening all gates for more debts, bailouts all over the continent, an unprecedented debt union, phasing out nuclear power plants, and opening the borders for a huge number of migrants to settle in EU countries. Think back to the Brexit campaign: how many of winning Vote Leave talking points were, in fact, Merkel policies? Immigration, centralisation of EU power, increased EU budgets. The UK’s exit is an unavoidable part of Merkel’s legacy.  Coming back to Germany, the Greens turned out to be the most massive supporters of Merkel and her policies. While the CDU needed half a decade to realise the immense societal conflicts and frustrations that Merkel´s Willkommenspolitik caused to the country, the Greens kept fingers crossed for her to succeed in these endeavours. With Merkel being on the top of the government, centre-left voters had a leading figure and there was no need to browse in the assortment of leftist parties. It was enough to vote for Merkel. The long-time chancellor took over many of the political postulations of the left and implemented them. This system was called “asymmetric demobilisation” as it meant to discourage some voters of the left to vote for the left, while presenting them an attractive model of the Merkel-CDU, the same time recurring on walk-in customers and abandoning conservatives and right-wing CDU voters. Over the years many members, voters and supporters left the party and turned towards the new far-right AfD, the Free Voters or even the FDP. Some of them turned away from politics forever. Merkel´s CDU left a huge representation gap of 20-25% on the centre-right, many conservative voters had simply nowhere to go.  The new SPD-Green-Liberal German government will not break with many principles of the Merkel years. Moreover, they intend to amplify numerous key elements of the Merkel governments. Conservatives in Europe will have no joy in seeing a further decline of all what they believe. There is, though, a ray of hope. After being defeated twice by loyal “Merkelians”, the party´s conservative darling, successful lawyer and businessman Friedrich Merz, has finally succeeded in becoming the new leader of the Party, as well as being elected the group leader of CDU/CSU in the Bundestag. With Merz, conservatives have a new guiding figure, an authentic leader who wants to bring back conservative values, present sound economy policies, solid transatlantic bonds and a better understanding of Central Europe.  It is already clear from a national security perspective that Merkel’s famous caution was a failure; the reversal of UK policy has happened so quickly it is a tangible admission of that. In the coming years it will become clear from an economic and trade perspective that Merkel’s policies in those areas were just as bad. Scholz has done well on the Ukraine crisis, but his domestic agenda remains tied to his predecessor.  