The financial journalist compiled a guide of the best bank accounts, which currently highlights the £175 free cash offer from HSBC, on the Money Saving Expert website. Martin Lewis explained new customers can get the cash if they switch to the HSBC Advance account via their specific link.  However, this deal will end at 11.59pm this Friday, something which he highlighted in the guide. On This Morning earlier, Martin said most people are probably only getting 0.1 percent interest on their savings right now. However, it’s possible to receive a higher interest rate while making sure money is still protected. Speaking on ITV, the Money Saving Expert founder disclosed his current top pick bank account is the JP Morgan Chase easy access account. This is currently offering 1.5 percent interest on savings which is much higher than some other easy access savings accounts. Mr Lewis said: “Most easy access accounts are paying about 0.1 percent so it will increase your interest by fifteen fold.” The financial journalist added that UK banks and building societies are safe places to store savings. READ MORE: National Insurance: How much more will you need to pay? These are authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority – which means savings of up to £85,000 are protected by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS). Meanwhile, Britons can earn even more interest on their savings if they can afford to stash the cash away for a longer period of time. Mr Lewis explained: ““If you could lock money away - well the top one- year fix is 2.1 percent but you got to lock the money away for a year. “Or for two years - 2.4 percent in a Allica bank.” DON'T MISS:Tesco Clubcard shake-up could affect anyone with points or vouchers [WARNING]List of councils seriously worried about council tax rebate scams [ALERT]'Don’t click!': Urgent parcel scam warning [INSIGHT] Mr Lewis continued: “So I’d be looking at where you can get the most interest as long as it’s a UK regulated savings account your money is protected and it’s safe. “But make sure you’re maximising the interest - I’d go online and look at best buy savings.” It’s not the first time the financial guru has highlighted the JP Morgan Chase account. In last week’s MSE newsletter, he said the “standout is giant US bank JP Morgan's new UK Chase savings paying 1.5 percent AER variable”. In the MSE newsletter, he said: “To get it, just open its free app-based current account (you don't need to switch bank to get it), then just open the savings in the app. “We've been raving about it, as the current account debit card also gives one percent cashback for 12 months and cheap spending abroad.” MSE fan Jo emailed: "I moved all of my savings to Chase as my circumstances require instant access to my money. “This will make an extra £480 interest for me this year, plus approx £70 cashback from monthly spending." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Shaun Port, managing director of savings and investments for Chase in the UK, said savers need flexibility right now. Speaking at the launch, he said: “With the cost of living increasing, we know that consumers want to maximise the interest they can earn with the reassurance of being able to access their savings instantly. “We have designed the Chase saver account to provide our customers with maximum flexibility alongside a competitive rate. “Savers can set up multiple accounts via the Chase app, each with a unique account number, making it easy to organise their savings for specific goals." MSE’s weekly Money Tips email has 8.4 million subscribers and is published on Wednesday. The latest Money Tips email can be viewed here. 