Novak Djokovic has been tipped to return to form in time for the French Open following a disrupted start to 2022. Following the explosive visa saga which saw him deported home the day before the Australian Open began, Djokovic has played just two tournaments this year due to his Covid vaccination status. His latest event at the Monte-Carlo Masters lasted just one match though. Playing his first match since February 24, he suffered a three-set defeat to Alejandro Davidovich Fokina 6-3 6-7(5) 6-1 in two hours and 54 minutes. The Serbian was noticeably fatigued in the deciding set, with his lack of game time seemingly proving telling against the world No 46. Although with Covid rules now relaxed, he can now beging to compete regularly again ahead of Roland Garros in May. Djokovic, 34, will go in as defending champion in Paris, with the tournament suddenly looking wide-open. The 13-time winner there, Rafael Nadal, whose Australian Open win took him above Djokovic on 21 Grand Slam titles, faces a race againtst time to be fit after sustaining a stress fracture in his rib cage. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal steps on court for first time in a month as Spaniard provides injury update Pundit Marc Rosset described Djokovic as being "crimson" in the latter stages of his match with Fokina, but thinks the change in circumstances surrounding entry rules and Covid will ensure he's soon back in form: "It's rare with him [to tire]! It also demonstrates that nothing is done with a snap of the fingers," Rosset said, as quoted by tennisworldusa. "But I think he will be well on his feet at Roland Garros, because if he wants to, he can now play every week from here to Paris," he added. "He is no longer in uncertainty, when he did not know which tournament he could participate in, when he could not put the same intensity in training. There, everything will go back in the right direction for him." DON'T MISS:Emma Raducanu dons Tottenham shirt as injury fears dispelled before Stuttgart OpenDaniil Medvedev still at risk of Wimbledon ban with Boris Johnson in 'close dialogue'Emma Raducanu warned of 'very tough year' ahead as teen told she has 'a long way to go Djokovic's only other action so far this year came at the Dubai Championships in February, where vaccination was not required for entry. After straight-set wins against Lorenzo Musetti and Karen Khachanov, he lost in the quarter-finals to Jiri Vesely. He then tried to enter both the Indian Wells Masters and Miami Open, but had to withdraw from both because of his refusal to be jabbed. Despite his issues, the world No 1 has still maintained his anti-vaccination stance. 