Britain's Got Talent had been a staple part of the weekend TV schedule since 2007, and after its pandemic hiatus, fans were delighted to see the show return on Saturday, April 16. Judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams, sat at the iconic panel, ready to see what this batch of potentials had to offer. They were floored by a performance from juvenile daredevils the Scooter Boys. Their impressive performance made Simon reveal he would not "let his son watch the audition" for fear of him copying. Presenters Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly encouraged the four-boy sporting troupe Scooter Boys to take to the talent show stage on Saturday's instalment. As they stepped out to meet the judges and introduce themselves to the live audience, an impressive series of skate ramps were brought on. The young athletes were made up of Tyler, 10, Red, eight, TJ, eight and Austin, six. Ant was astounded at their ages, especially Austin, and he said: "Six, he's six years old!"Read More: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ after TV exit decision    Looking concerned over what injury defying stunts the boys were about to perform, head judge Simon stated: "It looks so dangerous." Tyler leaned into the microphone and replied "yeah", which made the audience laugh. However, those laughs soon went silent when the act started their performance. Taking to their high starting points, they began to speed down the ramps.    Only seconds into their act, young Austin took a tumble when he failed to land on his scooter and slid down the ramp to a halt, with his teammates all coming to an abrupt stop. The judges' hands went to their faces as Amanda said, "Oh, oh, oh", in shock. Austin was taken off the stage to be assessed as Alicia added: "Looks like he really hurt himself." Simon gave a thumbs up to the remaining members to check they were OK as the camera panned around to show shocked members of the audience and judge David looking concerned. DON’T MISS…Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby betrays Imran as he frames Abi in drugs twist [THEORY]Simon Cowell labels fellow Britain's Got Talent judge David Walliams 'desperate' [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Gary Windass forced to turn killer again after Rick discovery[THEORY]   Shortly after, Austin heroically rushed back on stage with the audience erupting into applause, with host Ant raising his hands in the air as he exclaimed: "He's back." It didn't take the young athletes long to get back in the zone as each trick landed perfectly, and Austin scared viewers a second time as halfway through his performance, he lay at the top of the ramp while his friends executed flips and tricks over him. It was a unanimous decision from the panel, with all of the judges giving a resounding 'yes'. After they finished, Simon asked: "Is everyone alright?" and on their united "yeah" he continued: "Good for you, getting back on after that. "That took guts."  He also added: "It was fun. I am never letting Eric, my son, watch this audition, though." Still in disbelief, Amanda chimed in: "God knows how your parents feel. "My heart was in my mouth throughout." David joked and added: "I love seeing children risk their lives for entertainment." Britain's Got Talent continues on Sunday, April 17, at 7.35 pm on ITV and is available on ITV Hub