Stephani Bennett, from the US, has gone viral on TikTok after American channel TLC shared an old episode of Extreme Cheapskates, which showed what Stephanie does to save money. TikTok users were horrified to discover that Stephanie cooks certain foods in the dishwasher – instead of in the oven. In the Extreme Cheapskates episode, Stephanie made a lasagne using the cheapest meat from the butcher’s, which usually consists of a lot of fat. After adding the pasta and cheese, Stephanie covered her lasagne tray in foil and opened her dishwasher. She then placed the tray in the dishwasher, along with dirty dishes. Stephanie said: “Now to save money, I multitask with washing dishes and cooking meals with my dishwasher. READ MORE: Cambridges should ‘absolutely’ move closer to Queen in Windsor – POLL “I just got to make sure I wrap it really well – or else, the food will get really wet.” She explained that she cooks the meal in the dishwasher for 90 minutes, and the appliance reaches a temperature of 170°F, or 77°C. This method saves Stephanie and her boyfriend, Patrick, money because it doesn’t use extra gas from the oven. But it isn’t just lasagne that Stephanie cooks in the dishwasher. DON'T MISS: ‘Restrained' Kate & Will could learn from ‘loving’ European royals [BODY LANGUAGE]Prince Charles leaves Queen Letizia 'awkward’ with kiss on hand [EXPERT]Zara and Mike Tindall share ‘strong bond’ with Kate and William [COMMENT] She admitted to cooking hotdogs and even fish in the dishwasher “all the time”. As for the meat and other ingredients in Stephanie’s lasagne, the TV programme’s narrator explained that the American recycled tomato sauce and “supplemented the meat with beef fat”. “Stephanie saved 75 percent on the ingredients for her lasagne,” the narrator added. Although she said she has received criticism in the past for her way of cooking, Stephanie is not ashamed. She said: “It’s for me and my family. Not anybody else. “I don’t care what nobody says. It was the Stephanie way, and the Stephanie way is the better way.” She added that she gets “the utmost satisfaction being the cheapskate that I am”. The video clip of Stephanie’s dishwasher meal has made the rounds on TikTok, with many social media users expressing their disbelief in the comments. TikTok user @rayannarose_ said: “This can’t be real.” User @lucy.rose.georgina wrote: “So wrong.” User @ladyk2321 commented: “Okay that’s taking things way too far.” “I understand she wants to save but this is so wrong,” user @itsnajiahp added.