Summer in the UK sees insect species of all kinds boom for several months, with some nastier specimens among them. With every helpful bee comes an aggressive wasp, and they have bigger cousins in hornets. Local varieties also propagate in the warm weather and are occasionally joined by their Asian counterparts. Insect experts have identified lone Asian hornet specimens on the Channel Islands since spring. Francis Russell, a coordinator of the Asian hornet project, said people had discovered two insect bodies on Jersey and Guernsey. He told the Daily Star his organisation believes they have arrived from France, carried by north-easterly winds. Read More: Jo Whiley leaves fans terrified as she discovers 'giant spider' Mr Russell added the initial incursions would likely be "just the start", however, with more to come. As their name suggests, the hornets are native to Asia, but they became an invasive species in France after 2004. The predator species targets pollinators like bees and threaten the UK's native insects and ecosystems. Asian hornets have UK-based counterparts in the European hornets and have several features that set them apart. Their bodies are jet black, with a wide orange stripe draped around the fourth section of their abdomen. Asian hornet legs are half black and half yellow, giving them the colloquial "yellow-legged hornet" moniker. They range in size from around one and a half to two inches, giving them a distinctive loud and deep buzz. The UK has one native hornet population that has resided in the country since the mid-20th century. DON'T MISSWhy you should never kill spiders in your home [EXPLAINED]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to get rid of spiders - ‘repels them’ [INSIGHT]How to spot a spider infestation in your home [ANALYSIS] Their biology is similar to their Asian cousins, but they have several distinctive features. They are roughly the same size, if not bigger than Asian hornets and have mostly yellow bodies. The upper sections of their abdomen and thorax will appear reddish-brown, as will their legs and antennae. Around 60 years ago, European hornets were rare in Britain, but they have become commonplace in the last few decades. That makes some experts anxious that Asian hornets might follow a similar path. They are, at present, rare in Britain, and anyone who finds one should report their sighting. The Centre of Ecology and Hydrology (CEH) handles hornet sightings and will ask people for a detailed report. The report will ask people to detail what they saw, where they were when they saw the insect, and to provide a picture of the specimen if possible. Reports have left many Britons anxious as well, according to gardening experts. Liam Tickner, a manager of OnBuy's garden and outdoor living products said sales in insect swatters have surged since the news first emerged. He said: “We’ve seen an enormous increase in sales of insect swatters this week, with sales spiking by a staggering 250 percent. “The surge fell perfectly in line with news reports of killer Asian hornets being spotted on the Channel Islands, with Brits responding to the news by snapping up swatters at record rates.”