Britain's Got Talent is finally returning to viewers' screens this spring after a year away due to the coronavirus pandemic. Judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams are all returning to celebrate their 10th year working alongside one another. Presenting duo Ant and Dec are also coming back with a bang and are ready to cheer on the brave acts taking that stage at the London Palladium Theatre. Ahead of the return, Amanda has opened up about one of the auditions that she took part in and explained that she didn't remember half of what she did. After having an extra year to perfect their acts, this year's talent is set to be the best BGT has ever seen. The return sees a host of dancing dogs, harmonious choirs and a first-ever Phantom Man who left the judges speechless. Speaking about the mind-blowing act, Amanda said: "We had a phantom man perform, and he got me up on stage. "I’ll be honest, I can't really remember what happened, one minute I was on stage and then the next minute I was asleep," she told ITV. READ MORE: What happened to the real Ann Walker? "Alesha was like, 'Well, you just did this'. And I was like, 'No, I didn't!' I was tasked with guessing what the other judges had picked from a box. "He obviously had control over my mind because I guessed exactly whatever Alesha picked, even though I didn’t see. "I don't know how it happened or how it worked. I can’t wait to watch that one on TV." After ITV announced the return of the talent show, fans were elated to see it coming back on their screens. Taking to Twitter, the official BGT account posted: "We're SO excited!!" User @onlywalliamsfan said: "It's a YES from me!! Let the madness begin!" @RosieA72838843 commented: "I'm so so so damn excited welcome back!!." Barrie Scott added: "What a way to spend my birthday, looking forward to it." (sic) DON'T MISS...When is Britain's Got Talent back on? [INSIGHT]Craig Revel Horwood's 2-year marriage to a woman and BGT star ex [LATEST]Amanda Holden, 51, stuns fans as she poses with one leg above her head [WATCH]  Last year, Jon Courtenay was crowned the BGT 2020 winner after his comedic singing and went on to perform at the Royal Variety Show. The first look at the new series of BGT teases all the drama and excitement that viewers look forward to every year. According to The Mirror, the latest series of the ITV talent show will see Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, David Walliams and Alesha Dixon "go out to meet people". Speaking to the publication, a show source said: "The new element will produce some heartwarming moments.  "The judges are going out to meet people, but they don't know they are coming, and the idea is to highlight some brilliant people and tell their story in a different way. "It really helps to make their auditions memorable and special." The idea comes from the show's pre-existing "Golden Buzzer", which allowed the contestants to skip through the knockout stages and head straight to the semi-finals. Britain's Got Talent returns Saturday, April 16 at 8pm on ITV.