The state pension will get a watered down increase on April 11, 2022, but the outlook for 2023 may be much more promising. Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to discuss what the state pension could look like in a year’s time. Ms Morrissey believes the state pension could receive a healthy boost next year if inflation continues to rise. She said: “After a disappointing 3.1 percent rise in state pension this year, pensioners could be in line for a bumper increase next year if inflation remains high over the coming months. “The inflationary outlook remains uncertain but recent guidance from the Bank of England suggested it could hit eight percent in Spring and maybe go higher later in the year. “An eight percent increase would boost the weekly income of someone on the new state pension by approximately £15, giving them an income of almost £200 per week in 2023/24. READ MORE: WASPI women receive update in state pension age fight as 'further evidence' to be reviewed “Those on the basic state pension would benefit by just over £11 to around £153 per week.” An increase of eight percent would mean recipients of the full new state pension getting an extra £770 next year. Inflation is currently at an eye-watering level of 6.2 percent, double the rate at which the state pension will increase on April 11, 2022. Although high inflation could lead to a more generous state pension next year, in the present day it is causing problems for pensioners who are struggling to make ends meet as the cost of living rises. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis: Do you pay for dentistry and opticians? A little-known way to cover the cost [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak backlash grows – ‘I’m getting £2 extra pension while he’s got millions’ [REACTION]‘Do I have enough to retire?’ Dave Ramsey suggests a ‘rule of thumb’ for what you need [RETIREMENT] Ms Morrissey explained: “Next year seems like a long way away when people are struggling to meet the cost of living today. “Before the triple lock was suspended, pensioners were in line for an 8.3 percent increase in line with earnings, and the decision to go with an inflationary increase of 3.1 percent instead means a pensioner on a full new state pension is missing out on around £9 per week.” Lowering the increase pensioners will receive to their state pension in 2022/23 means a pensioner receiving the full state pension misses out on £288.60 of extra income. The reduced state pension increase also has a compounding effect on the 2023/24 state pension, as next year’s rise could have been even more sizeable had the triple lock not been suspended in 2022/23. An 8.3 percent increase this year would have taken the full new state pension from £179.60 to £194.50, an extra £14.90 per week. If the state pension then rose by a further eight percent from April 2023, the full new state pension would have been projected as £210.06 a week. This represents an extra £10 a week on top of Ms Morrissey’s projected 2023/24 state pension value based on an increase of 3.1 percent in 2022 and eight percent in 2023. Ms Morrissey discussed the reasoning behind the state pension triple lock being suspended. She said: “The decision to suspend the triple lock was taken because earnings data was seen to be unfairly distorted by the pandemic. “To award such a big increase would have been seen as unfair not only to people reliant on other benefits such as Universal Credit but also younger workers who were seen as having borne the brunt of the pandemic. “The suspension of the triple lock led to concerns that it might be scrapped altogether but ministers have said the suspension is for one year only.” Failing to honour the triple lock policy meant the Government broke a manifesto pledge from 2019. However, Chancellor Rishi Sunak recently provided fresh confirmation that the triple lock will be fully reinstated next year.