CBS’ hit procedural spin-off NCIS Los Angeles landed on screens with another look at the team of special agents cracking down on criminal cases. This time, viewers were enraged after the beloved G. Callen (played by Chris O’Donnell) was almost left without a job through no fault of his own.  Throughout season 13, Callen has been the victim of a deep fake and alongside his team, they had been trying to work out who was at the bottom of it all. It all began in season 12 when an uncanny deep fake of Fatima Namazi (Medalion Rahimi) appeared and proved to fool the team of investigators. As a result, an impersonation of Callen was also created, which led them to believe it had to be someone who was familiar with the team and their work. However, the impersonator had taken it to unforgivable lengths as they had even contacted Callen’s Dr Hodge (Tom Virtue). READ MORE: Esther Rantzen fumes as Queen is criticised for leaning on Andrew This was only discovered when the doctor contacted the special agent for a follow-up appointment, to which Callen was adamant he never had one in the first place. However, in a recent episode, he discovered it was in fact Katya (Eve Barlow) who had been sabotaging him using the mysterious deep fake technology. However, things took a turn for the worse when it was revealed Katya had pretended to be Callen and blasted his deep fakes throughout the US government. As a result, Hollace Kilbride (Gerald McRaney) was forced to take Callen off the field and was mainly on desk duty.  After watching this scene fans took to Twitter to share their annoyance at Callen being taken off Fieldwork as he was one of the best, even though the deep fake was the doings of Katya. An angry @ItsADarcyThing exclaimed: “Damn Katya is f******g with Callen's life with those deep fakes. Stop that crazy b***h!” @ChelseaAmuic added: “Katya is after Callen not cool!!” @JBrax29 agreed: “What kind of game is Katya playing now?!”  DON'T MISS...NCIS finale delay: When will NCIS season 19's final episode air? [INSIGHT]NCIS season 19: McGee set for heartwarming plot as child joins cast [INSIGHT]NCIS LA season 13: Callen and Anna on verge of split [THEORY] @Kenesha21_ stated: “It’s time to stop Katya. She’s been loose for far too long.” Another fan added: “Katya causing mayhem with this deep fakes for Callen. That last scene tho.” Using Callen’s face and voice, she had sent out hundreds of inappropriate messages. This included sexually explicit texts to every federal law official in the United States, which she had achieved with the help of online bots.  Even though he had been temporarily demoted through no fault of his own, Callen also had problems in his personal life. He had found out he was part of a secret organisation that tested children in the foster care system for potential spy work. Callen also discovered Hetty Lange (Linda Hunt) was one of the people who could provide answers as she ran the program, however she was yet to return to the team. Thankfully, NCIS LA will return to screens next week, so fans will soon be able to find out if Callen will be allowed back on the field and whether or not he will be able to have the answers about his past. NCIS LA is available on CBS in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 