France is days away from heading to the polls on Sunday, April 24, either to hand Emmanuel Macron a second term as president or opt to push him out with the National Rally leader. Its electoral system is based on in-person, on-the-day voting and does allow postal votes, meaning a lot lies on the presidential debate that each time occurs just days before polls open. Yesterday, on April 20, Mr Macron and Ms Le Pen went head-to-head in a televised, pre-election debate for the second time. In 2017, Ms Le Pen is widely considered, including by herself, to have fared badly. She conceded earlier this year: “The debate was a failure for which I paid a very heavy price.” But as this election, which polling suggests is much closer than the last, draws to a close, most pundits have argued her performance, while not perfect, was much better than it was five years ago. Talking jovially to journalists after the debate, Ms Le Pen said: “Who won? I'm not going to get into that, I'm not very interested, but the debate was conducted in a calm and correct manner and that is important. “I believe this is what the French were expecting.” Eurasia Group’s Europe Director Mujtaba Rahman agreed the debate was “far from the 2017 walkover” for Ms Le Pen, but added she “needed a knock-out” due to the narrow gap between polls and, yet, was “thrown off her stride” by Mr Macron. He cited an Elabe poll the day after the debate, on April 21, which put the incumbent President as the victor with 59 percentage points to Ms Le Pen’s 39. READ MORE: Macron blasts Le Pen as 'far-right' Mr Rahman wrote in a post on Twitter: “Macron took risk of seeming aggressive and arrogant. At times he appeared tetchy, even angry. “He came over as a bad-tempered professor dealing with a struggling student. “Interrupting your opponent – ‘oh no Madame Le Pen… You mix up everything Madame Le Pen’ – is always hazardous… In the end though, Macron’s strategy wore Le Pen down.” DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] He added the election now “looks like it’s all over but for the voting ends”. But Ms Le Pen told reporters she thought the debate had run more smoothly, and that she dealt with criticism better than in the past. She said the debate was “faster, calmer and more structured than the one in 2017”. On questions over her links to Vladimir Putin, the presidential hopeful added: “I was waiting for the attack on the Russian loan, but I think that it shows that there are not many attacks to be made on my actual project.” Numerous analyses of the debate agree Ms Le Pen performed much stronger than she did in 2017 but was still outcompeted by Mr Macron. Mr Rahman notes the National Rally leader was not able to focus as much on the current President’s five years in office as she is understood to have hoped. The result of all this will not, however, be clear until after the weekend. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega.