Stefan Weichert, a journalist in western Ukraine, discussed reports of Russian servicemen deploying chemical weapons on Ukrainian citizens in the city of Mariupol. Mr Weichert said the weapons were likely dropped by a drone over the city but confirmation of the attack had yet to be verified. Russian President Vladimir Putin has been previously warned about using inhumane weapons on the Ukrainian population, since the beginning of the invasion in February.  Speaking to GB News host Stephen Dixon said: "What have you been hearing about what's been going on in Mariupol?" Mr Weichert told GB News: "I am hearing the same thing as you're saying, that there's possibly been a chemical attack. "At least we are hearing that from the Ukrainian military, which had been dropped by a drone over Mariupol. "And should have made a lot of people hospitalized simply because it makes it impossible for them to breathe. JUST IN: Brexit ‘silver lining’ for businesses as huge move making UK ‘more resilient’ to shocks     Mr Weichert added: "We haven't verified whether this is true or not. "But it does come after a lot of fear of Russia potentially using chemical weapons in Ukraine. "And actually a few hours before a leader of Donetsk Peoples Republic, one of the Russian supported separatist regions was out saying maybe they should use chemical weapons at some point. "So it's definitely something that's worrisome I would say, and the reports that it's been horrendous for the people there."  READ MORE: Rishi Sunak refuses to resign as inquiry is launched into ‘damaging’ financial affairs    Reports of the use of chemical weapons first came from Ukraine's Azov regiment. Colonel Hamish de Bretton-Gordon, a British Army’s Chemical Weapons Unit expert, told Express.co.uk about the harmful effects of such weapons. Mr de Bretton-Gordon said: “If the Russians used something like chlorine, which is a toxic industrial chemical – not a chemical warfare agent, but was very successful in Syria – I think it would be very difficult for the West to act decisively.” He added: “If chemical weapons are used, there will be more sanctions. “There will be more restrictions, and we will give the Ukraine military more ammunition and weapons - more sophisticated weapons.” Foreign Secretary Liz Truss confirmed his speculation of more sanctions being imposed on Russia as punishment for Putin's possible crimes against humanity. Mr Truss wrote on Twitter: "Reports that Russian forces may have used chemical agents in an attack on the people of Mariupol. We are working urgently with partners to verify details. Any use of such weapons would be a callous escalation in this conflict and we will hold Putin and his regime to account." 