All Ukrainians who have arrived in the UK via the sponsorship routes have free access to use healthcare services provided by the NHS. This means you can visit a GP for minor ailments, or you can access hospital services in an emergency or for long term treatment. However, if you don’t speak English or aren’t confident in your language skills, this may prove a barrier to accessing healthcare services. Fortunately, there is a way around this which means you can look after your health while speaking your native language. If you need to access non-urgent healthcare, you can call NHS 11 by dialling 111 on your phone. You will be connected to an operator, and you will need to ask for an interpreter. They can then provide confidential interpreting services to ensure you are being understood correctly. If you need to see a medical professional for an appointment, either in person or online, you can also book an interpreter to accompany you for the appointment. You do this by speaking to the care provider (such as your GP surgery) and asking them to book one for you. This care provider is responsible for ensuring your interpretation services is booked in. It is also good practice for them to confirm the name and geder of who will be your interpreter before the appointment, These interpretation services are free, and can be provided either face-to-face, over the phone or by video calling. Your appointment with your doctor will be longer to accommodate for your translation. This service is confidential, so your interpreter will not share your medical details with anyone except your doctor and only if you wish them to pass this information on. You can also request the same interpreter for each of your appointments for ongoing care when it is related to mental health, trauma such as PTSD, maternity appointments or sensitive topics. You can find out more information about interpreting and translation professional associations in the UK including providers, their experiences and qualifications: