Gary Neville and Roy Keane are in agreement about who they think will win the Premier League title in the aftermath of Liverpool's draw at Manchester City. Many viewers say the game as a title decider, with City maintaining their one-point lead over the Reds, something Keane and Neville believes puts Pep Guardiola's side in control of the race. "I still stick with City, I think they'll just about do it yeah," Keane told Sky Sports after the draw. Goals from Diogo Jota and Sadio Mane saw Liverpool twice come from behind to rescue a point and keep their title ambitions intact. But while the Reds remain in the hunt, Neville agreed with Keane and believes that City will lift the title for a second successive year. He said: "I've said City all along and I thought Liverpool, a few weeks ago, they might there. But I think City, just City. There's no science behind that." Neville though did warn City that their final seven games could end up being tougher than Liverpool's run-in. Guardiola's men mostly take on teams who still have things to play for, while the Reds will face Everton and Manchester United, two of the worst form teams in the top-flight. READ MORE: Neville names teams that may trip Man City up in Liverpool title fight "In the Premier League, we’ve looked at City and thought that’s an easy run-in, but actually that’s because we’re looking at Merseyside derby and Manchester United which in an ordinary season would be tough, those two teams are appalling, they could be easier than any of the teams than any of the teams Manchester City have got," Neville added. "Watford are fighting for their lives, Leeds have to win games, Newcastle away. You look at Liverpool’s run in, Merseyside derby, Tottenham - you think it’s a tough run in but it’s not. I’d rather play Manchester United and Everton at home than West Ham away." DON'T MISS: Man City boss Pep Guardiola admits title doubts after Liverpool draw (NEWS)Liverpool ended incredible Man City run in Etihad thriller (INSIGHT)Roy Keane and Micah Richards criticise two Liverpool stars vs Man City (ANALYSIS) If City did successfully retain their crown, it would be their fourth title win in five years. Neville believes that adding another Premier League to their trophy cabinet would cement Guardiola's place as one of the English top-flight's best managers. "They’ve won three Premier League titles in the last four years. For Pep and to define his era, he’s won three Premier League titles, if he can win a Champions League, it can define his period here. If he’d not won the Premier League, to win back-to-back or two (Premier League’s) it does define you as a truly great team," he said.