Rio Ferdinand has declared that Sir Alex Ferguson would have dragged his Manchester United players in for meeting to get to the bottom of the club's current dressing room leak. In the past few weeks, a series of stories have made their way into the media, that have documented some of the problems Ralf Rangnick is facing behind the scenes at Old Trafford. The most recent of which, was that Paul Pogba has now left the United squad's WhatsApp group chat. And in the view of Ferdinand, the leaks just simply would not have happened under Sir Alex's watch... “I talk about the culture all the time, and that’s number one on my list,” explained Ferdinand told FIVE. “The culture has to be right, because you need to see, first and foremost, a work ethic. You need to see a culture of people not wanting to get beat. You need to see a culture of it [losing games] hurting people. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims "You need to see a culture of discipline in the group, nothing getting out. “Stuff that we’ve got in the papers, the manager [Sir Alex Ferguson] would pull the squad in immediately, and I don’t think this happens now.” United's faint hopes of a top-four finish have now faded following the 3-1 defeat at Arsenal last Saturday. The Red Devils are now in sixth position and six points adrift of the Gunners, who also have a game in hand. READ MOREErik ten Hag 'in love' with Darwin Nunez and 'personally requests' Man Utd transfer dealJurgen Klopp claims Anthony Gordon 'lucky' not to get sent off in Liverpool win vs EvertonErik ten Hag opens up on 'difficulty' in first interview as Manchester United boss  Erik ten Hag 'in love' with Darwin Nunez and 'personally requests' Man Utd transfer deal Ferdinand continued: “[He] would get that squad in, tight group, get in a circle. ‘What’s going on here? If I find out who is leaking stories to the media.’ “You’re standing there thinking: ‘I hope and I’m going to find out that no one in my team has spoken to anyone in the media, because I haven’t.’ “At the moment, there’s a mole in the camp. There are leaks coming out far too often which suggests this squad ain’t like that [hands close together]. This squad ain’t there." Paul Scholes has revealed in the past few days that Jesse Lingard privately told him that the dressing room was a 'disaster'. The United legend has since backtracked on his comments after exposing Lingard, who is set to leave on a free transfer at the end of June. He told talkSPORT: “I’ve had a little bit of stick for that. I don’t know why I did it! Honestly, sometimes words just come out your mouth. “I have spoken to him since and probably best I don’t tell you what he said.” The comments have not gone down well amongst United's fan base but there is evident frustration at the situation on Lingard's part, particularly for someone who has been desperate to play more regularly.