Leanne (played by Jane Danson) has been taking a backseat from the drama on Coronation Street of late but she has become a supporting player in the fallout of Abi Franklin (Sally Carman) sleeping with Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo). With her sister Toyah (Georgia Taylor) having to give up her chances of being a mother due to splitting up from Imran, she has been left defeated, wondering what she has done to deserve such heartache. However, knowing full well who is to blame for putting her sibling through a hellish ordeal, the ITV soap stalwart could have her eyes on Abi as her dark side emerges once more. At the beginning of Monday's episode, Leanne sat down with Toyah to discuss the latter giving back her foster daughter, Elsie, to social services. It was an extremely heartbreaking moment for Toyah, who had grown to see the youngster as her own since she and Imran took her on late last year. After bidding farewell to the young girl, Toyah called at the bistro to speak with her sister, who asked how it had gone. "I just feel drained, as if there is nothing left. One minute I had a child and then I didn't," Toyah remarked, before realising how insensitive her comment had been given Leanne lost her son. Having been through the process, she could give some sort of support to her sibling as she said: "It will get easier. It will." READ MORE: Emmerdale star explains how sexuality affected acting career With her sister asking for a glass of wine, Leanne ordered her to sit down so they could talk some more about the matter. It wasn't too long before Toyah began discussing her relationship with Imran, stating she thought he was "perfect" before finding out about his many secrets. Leanne replied: "Listen, I know how much you're hurting, believe me, I know. I don't what else to say to you other than you will get through this." "He probably thinks I'm just jealous and upset about Elsie but what he's done is so much more. He's destroyed everything I thought my life was," Toyah added. "Everything I thought we were and I don't know why," she continued before telling her sister she was going to march around to the solicitor's office and give Imran a piece of her mind. Although Leanne convinced her to go straight home, the heartbroken factory worker decided to ignore her sister's advice and the former lovers did go head to head. As they rowed, Leanne bumped into Abbie in the corner shop and she didn't think to hold back in telling her what she thought of her. "You know what? I've just realised why you're a smackhead. I mean, you've destroyed so many people's lives and that's got to be hard to get your head around, even for someone like you," she said. Abi replied: "Let's just leave it, shall we?" Leanne bit back: "No, let's not. Let's talk about you having sex with my sister's partner and her going AWOL because social services have just taken away her foster daughter away from her." DON'T MISS...Michelle Collins, 59, engaged to toyboy beau, 38, after 10 years [COMMENT]Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim [COMMENT]Corrie’s Beverley Callard begged Ricky Gervais for role in After Life [COMMENT] The mechanic tried to defend herself as she said: "It takes two to Tango and I think it's Imran you need to be having a word with. "And Toyah is not the only one have to deal with social services. I could have my son taken off me for good, too, you know?" "Poor little mite won't be that lucky and I mean, let's face it. Being adopted is probably better than having a useless junkie for a mother," Leanne remarked. Instead of buying anything, she stormed out of the shop as she couldn't bear to be in the same room as the mother of four. Although this was only a brief encounter, it could have been hinting at what's to come as the consequences of Abi and Imran's secret continues to send shockwaves across Weatherfield. Leanne has demonstrated the ability to be able to kill someone before, especially when certain people have crossed her in the past. Last year, she was willing to kill drug lord Harvey Gaskell (Will Mellor) for grooming his son into a drugs gang storyline. After he left people for dead, the pair entered into a car together as he had taken Leanne hostage for lying to him for months. Seeing an opportunity to end her ordeal, Leanne drove a car into a construction skip and Harvey was left seriously injured. Of course, he was sent back to prison after initially being seen in the hospital and he lived to see another day. However, Abi might not be as lucky as it seems Leanne doesn't have enough patience left to hold back her anger. Simply seeing red when she confronts Abi the next time, Leanne could end up driving into her and killing her instantly. This would spark a brand-new storyline for Leanne as she would be seen trying to harbour her deadly secret and her guilt. She could realise the gravity of the situation but will she be caught out and who by? Will they have wanted Leanne dead, too? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.