Devon Roundtree (played by Caleb Castille) and his sister Jordyn (Acadias McCoy) will find themselves at the centre of a hard-hitting storyline in the next episode of NCIS: Los Angeles when the two are pulled over for no reason by two LAPD officers. In what’s been confirmed in the CBS synopsis as a case of racial profiling, a sneak peek at the episode shows the extreme lengths these officers go to - as well as Devon’s refusal of help from the likes of Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) and G Callen (Chris O’Donnell). In Sunday’s episode, Devon and Jordyn are driving through LA when a police car’s lights start to flash behind them. “Put your hands on the dash,” Devon tells his sister as the LAPD officers approach before he winds down his window and asks: “Hey, how’s it going?” “License, registration and insurance card, please,” the stern, straight-faced, white officer says before Roundtree asks: “Why’d you pull me over?” “License, registration, insurance,” the officer repeats as his tone harshens, to which Roundtree agrees and begins to lean over to his glovebox. READ MORE: NCIS’ Katrina Law teases ‘huge surprise ending’ for Agent Knight “Stop reaching!” the LAPD officer snaps while a puzzled Roundtree - who was following orders - replies: “What? I’m just -“ “Hands up. Out of the car! Now!” the officer barks before withdrawing his gun and aiming it into the car at Roundtree and his sister. “Whoa, whoa, whoa. Easy. I’m gonna step out of the car,” Roundtree protests before turning to his sibling to try and reassure her: “It’s alright.” After stepping out of the car, Roundtree informs the officer he’s a federal agent but when he admits he’s forgotten his badge, the officer refuses to listen and slams him onto his car before placing him in handcuffs. Later in the office, it transpires that a passerby caught the ordeal on camera and shared it online, something Sam and Callen aren’t aware of as they enter. “I want names, badge numbers, a full report - I want everything!” Kilbride can be heard shouting from his office as the duo enter, prompting Callen to ask Fatima (Medalion Rahimi): “What the hell’s that all about?” “Better to show you,” Fatima tells them before taking them to a screen. “Roundtree got pulled over by LAPD this morning, somebody posted this video online.” In the video, Roundtree can be seen pleading for one of the officers to ease up on his sister - who by this point has also been placed in handcuffs. DON'T MISS:NCIS fans rejoice as series introduces Kasie Hines' girlfriendNCIS universe: How NCIS connects to JAG and rest of CBS franchiseKatrina Law husband: Is the NCIS star married? “You’re hurting her!” Roundtree says in the clip before he wrestles his way out of his hold but is pepper-sprayed by the other officer as he tries to protect his sister. “There better be a good explanation,” Callen says but an incensed Sam replies: “Unless Roundtree murdered somebody this morning there’s no explanation for this.” Roundtree then enters HQ with red and tear-filled eyes with the repercussions of the pepper spray ordeal still having an effect. “Hey! Are you okay?” Fatima quickly asks to which Roundtree tries to assure his colleagues: “Yeah, yeah. We’re good. Jordyn’s good, everything’s fine.” “Not after what I just saw,” Sam furiously interjects before a similarly angry Fatima adds: “Those agents can’t get away with this.” “And they won’t, but we need more information,” Callen points out but Sam doesn’t seem to be in any frame of mind to listen as he barks back: “What we need is to transfer this case so we can go down there.” Roundtree refuses, however, as he tells his pals: “Look, I appreciate it but I’m handling things, you guys just go back to doing whatever you were doing.” “Agent Roundtree, head on over to the boatshed,” Kilbride interrupts but as he and Roundtree leave to go through what happens, Sam says: “I’m getting tired of this, real tired.” Fans will have to tune in on Sunday to see what the fallout will be but it’s safe to say Sam will not let this kind of discrimination slide against one of NCIS’ own. NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 airs Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.