US officials, including a nuclear envoy, headed to Seoul on Monday to discuss North Korea’s "escalatory" actions. It comes after North Korea test-fired a new weapons system under the supervision of leader Kim Jong-un, according to state media. US Special Representative Sung Kim sent a clear warning that the US will not tolerate more of these threats. He told reporters: “It is extremely important for the United Nations Security Council to send a clear signal to the DPRK that we will not accept its escalatory tests as normal. "We agreed on the need to maintain the strongest possible joint deterrent capability on the peninsula.” DPRK refers to North Korea’s official name, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. Mr Kim added that the US would "respond responsibly and decisively to provocative behaviour", explaining that the country is ready to react "anywhere without any conditions". North Korea’s recent missile test was allegedly a “new-type tactical guided weapon”. The official Korean Central News Agency reported on Sunday that test was “of great significance in drastically improving the firepower of the frontline long-range artillery units and enhancing the efficiency in the operation of tactical nukes”. South Korea’s military said both missiles were fired on Saturday evening from the North’s Hamhung coastal region into the sea. Satellite images suggested they travelled nearly 70 miles at a height of 80,000 feet and a speed of less than Mach 4 or 3,044 mph. A shorter-range missile would enhance North Korea’s ability to launch strikes against South Korean cities and American bases in Asia. Duyeon Kim, senior analyst at Washington's Center for a New American Security, said: "One reason for the political timing could be to protest anticipated U.S.-South Korea military drills. READ MORE: Putin and Xi to exploit Brexit Achilles heel and spark 'chaos' "The test also tells his people that their country is strong despite their apparent economic difficulties.” US Defense Department spokesman Lieutenant Colonel Marty Meiners said: "We are aware of the North Korean statement that they conducted a test of a long-range artillery system.” And back in January, North Korea sent tensions soaring by conducting a record number of missile launches. It also tested an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) for the first time since 2017 last month. ICBMs are primarily designed for nuclear weapons delivery and support multiple independently targetable reentry vehicles (MIRVs). This allows a single missile to carry several warheads, each of which can strike a different target. DON'T MISS Archaeologists were stunned at apparent proof for Jesus' resurrection [REPORT] NASA scientist in TEARS as he issues warning over impending disaster [REVEAL] UK squanders huge opportunity to harness geothermal in FIVE locations [INSIGHT] But the US has also been stepping up its defiance to North Korea in recent weeks too. Earlier this month, in a major show of US military force, a US. aircraft carrier neared the coast of South Korea for the first time since 2017. A US official told Reuters that carrier strike group is in the East Sea, also called the Sea of Japan, conducting exercises with Japanese forces “to reassure allies and partners in the region”. In the event of a sudden destabilisation of the North Korean regime – the US does have a plan to launch Operation Plan 5029. The classified mission, headed up by the former commander of US Forces Korea (USFK), General Robert Bruce Abrams, would ensure that the state’s nuclear missiles were not set off during a power struggle. Little is known about the exact details of the covert operation, but it is said to also secure the border. The existence of OPLAN 5029 was first publicly acknowledged by the US military in 1999, when General John H. Tilelli Jr, then commander of USFK, responded: “It would be unusual if we didn't have one."