Alex Kingston and Valarie Pettiford starred as Sarah Bishop and Emily Mather, respectively, in Sky’s epic fantasy series, A Discovery of Witches. As the aunt of one of the world’s most powerful witches Diana Bishop (played by Teresa Palmer), the Doctor Who star played a key role in keeping the world in balance in the series, and has revealed she will remain friends with her on-screen partner well after their time together on-screen comes to an end. Sarah and Emily’s relationship was one of fans’ favourite parts of A Discovery of Witches, the hit Sky series based on the All Souls trilogy by Deborah Harkness. Diana was raised by her aunt Sarah and partner Emily following the tragic death of her parents as a child. They soon became the heart of the series, although viewers witnessed Emily’s time with Sarah get cut brutally short by Peter Knox (Owen Teale) at the end of season two. When asked why the couple were so compatible, Alex replied: “For a start, it begins with casting. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage “Casting two women who are going to obviously be right for the characters.” Alex was well-known to UK viewers as Doctor Who’s River Song, while American actress Valarie was known in the States for her roles in family sitcom Half & Half as well as a recent guest spot in NCIS. While the two co-stars came from very different worlds, they instantly connected when they met for the first time on the set of A Discovery of Witches. “But also, you want two actresses who are going to be able to have charisma and have a bond,” Alex continued. “The moment that Valarie and I met we knew that this was a friendship that was going to last forever. Off-screen as well as on-screen!” Sarah continued to play a vital role in Diana’s quest following Emily’s death throughout the third and final season. Back in the present day after Matthew Clairmont (Matthew Goode) hid her in Elizabethan London, Diana is desperately searching for the missing pages of the Book of Life. In episode four, Sarah helps Diana cast a locator spell, which leads them to the reclusive daemon Timothy ‘TJ’ Weston (Jacob Ifan). DON'T MISS:Blue Bloods theory: Jamie betrays Frank to report officer assault [THEORY]Outlander cast return to set as filming for season 7 underway [LATEST]Better Call Saul’s Jonathan Banks lands role in new drama [NEWS] Later, after absorbing the pages and becoming the book itself, Diana and Sarah fend off an attack from the villainous witch Peter and finally turn him to dust with a powerful spell. Although Diana eventually succeeds in reuniting the Congregation of witches, vampires and daemons, she and Sarah are still mourning the loss of Emily by the end of the series. Alex’s co-star Valarie also agreed their friendship will endure despite Emily’s absence during the third season. At the show’s recent Q&A to mark the release of the final season, the two co-stars opened up about their time together as Diana’s guardians. Valarie added: “The chemistry between Alex and I... I was also a huge fan of hers beforehand, so you always hope that your idols are wonderful off-screen as well as on. And folks, yes she is. The best thing ever. “Emily is the softer side to Sarah. She is the cream in her coffee, she is the more tender to Sarah’s passion and force and stuff like that. “That’s why Em loves Sarah. Because she’s a go-getter and she doesn’t mince words and she’s so passionate and true and loving.” Sadly, their time together has come to an end, though there’s always a chance Sky will adapt Deborah’s spin-off novel, Times’ Convert. A Discovery of Witches is available to stream on Sky Go and NOW.