The Cluanie Inn - on the A887, the main Skye to Inverness road in Scotland - was advertising diesel for £2.07-a-litre and unleaded petrol at £1.90-a-litre. The remote petrol station is believed to be among the most expensive in the UK. The price at the Highlands garage equates to £9.43 a gallon and was spotted over the Easter weekend. According to the RAC the average UK price for unleaded petrol on April 13 was £1.62-a-litre while diesel was £1.76. This is slightly down on record highs seen in March, where average pump prices hit 167.3p per litre for petrol and 179.9p for diesel. It also comes after Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced 5p-a-litre cut to fuel duty. READ MORE: UK ranked as the third best-prepared country in Europe for EV adoption Drivers took to social media to share their astonishment at The Cluanie Inn prices. One wrote: "Gold flakes in that fuel.” "At least Dick Turpin wore a mask," said another, while a third added: "At that price they don't need to be open all day! “Few cars in that's them made a profit." DON'T MISSCyclists urged to be careful amid Highway Code changes [WARNING] Drivers could be fined £1,000 for not drinking enough water [REVEAL] Woman hits out at council after it painted a disabled bay around car [SHOCKING] "I would push my car to the next garage," said a fellow motorist. Another joked: "Might fill-up the lorry there tomorrow." Fuel prices first started rising due to high global demand as the UK began to come out of the coronavirus crisis. But the war in Ukraine has pushed up prices even higher, largely down to sanctions on the imports of Russian-sourced oil. Changes in prices at the pump are linked to the price of crude oil and the dollar exchange rate. Russia is one of the world's largest oil exporters and demand for oil from other producers has increased since the invasion, leading to higher prices. Although the UK imports just six percent of its crude oil from Russia, it is still affected when global prices rise. It comes as the UK inflation rate rose to seven percent in the year to March, the highest rate since 1992 and up from 6.2 percent in February, says the Mirror. The cost of living is expected to rise even further after the energy price cap was increased, driving up gas and electricity bills for millions. Fuel had the biggest impact on the inflation rate, with average petrol prices rising by 12.6p per litre between February and March. The Cluanie Inn has said that its fuel prices were based on its remote location, the cost of transporting petrol and diesel to the site, and that it relied on a diesel generator to power the pumps and point of sale machine 24/7. Vanessa Crasto, vice president of parent group Black Sheep Hotels, said: "We do not make any profit out of the fuel sales. "It is more a service we provide. “There is no other fuel pump for many miles and we keep ours open 24/7 as a service. “The Cluanie Inn has no (mains) electricity. It relies on the diesel generator." Express.co.uk has contacted The Cluanie Inn for comment.