Monday will bring the best of any sunshine with temperatures in parts forecast to nudge 20C. However, high pressure responsible for the recent cold but settled conditions will weaken today and tomorrow allowing a rain-laden weather front in from the north. Then after the weekend thermometers threaten to nosedive bringing a return to morning frosts and a late risk of snow. Met Office meteorologist Alex Deakin said: “A weather feature from the northwest will cause some issues and eventually bring some showers this weekend. “On Monday there is the possibility of a few showers, but otherwise it should be fine. “There will be some showers in western areas, and while temperatures will stay around average, it will feel cooler where there is cloud. “It is a possibility that things will get colder next week.” Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, added: “There should be some sunny spells around this weekend but for the most part it will be nothing special. “The first part of the weekend will see showers, but once we get rid of the rain later on, it should turn brighter.” Weather models currently disagree on a cold snap which some outlooks predict will sweep the nation towards the middle of next week. The European forecasting system warns cold air will push in from the north sending temperatures tumbling and bringing a fresh risk of frosts. Some forecasting systems reveal a risk of snow across Scotland towards the end of the first week of May.  Mr Deakin said: “Cold air is lurking well to the north of the UK initially, but it is pushing down to the northern isles by Monday. “Weather model runs don’t agree at the moment, but the European model has that cold air pushing south and by Thursday, it is right across the UK and that will bring something of a chill and the continued likelihood of frosts.” Low pressure ‘sucked into’ Britain after the weekend will collide with freezing air over Britain spawning mammoth rain clouds. While some forecast models suggest a return to colder weather after the weekend, others are more optimistic. Weathertrending’s John Hammond said: “Next week, high pressure responsible for pushing Arctic air towards us will retreat. “Temperatures should recover erratically, and the threat of overnight frosts will retreat. “But longer-range models suggest a broad trough of low pressure will begin to extend its influence south-eastwards. “Low pressure sucks in moisture, allowing rainclouds to grow taller, especially within coolish air, so I expect a tentative trend to more showery, if not especially warm, weather through the week.” Weakening high pressure will bring a mixed bag of dry and wet weather through the bank holiday.  Rain will set in later today with further showers forecast on Sunday before the sun finally breaks through on Monday. Met Office deputy chief meteorologist David Oliver said: “The high-pressure that has been dominating the UK in recent days will move away to the south, allowing a low-pressure system to move in from the northwest. “This will bring with it some more unsettled weather with showers or some longer spells of rain across the north on Saturday and then southern areas on Sunday. “A good deal of dry weather is expected on Monday with most areas only seeing some isolated showers and mild temperatures, widely in the mid-teens.” Bookies are undecided on whether to hedge their bets on hot or cold weather through the last month of spring.  Coral is offering 5-4 from 4-1 on the coldest May on record while Ladbrokes has slashed the odds on Monday being the hottest day of the year. Coral’s Harry Aitkenhead said: “Spring is going to be a cold one overall, so much so that we have now slashed the odds on this May entering the record books as the coldest we have ever had. “We make it odds on for snow to fall in the capital during the fifth month of the year.” Ladbrokes’ Alex Apati added: "With temperatures once again on the up, there's every chance next Monday goes down as a record-breaker for the year.” Netweather forecaster Jo Farrow said temperatures could hit 19C in parts of the UK over the next few days. 