Roma striker Tammy Abraham has already insisted that he could make a return to the Premier League one day as he continues to be linked with a summer move to Arsenal. The Gunners are said to be weighing up the idea of launching a bid for the former Chelsea striker, who has enjoyed a new lease of life in Italy after swapping the Premier League for Serie A back in pre-season. Abraham has chipped in with 24 goals in all competitions for Roma this season and has been tipped to move back to England in the near future despite having been deemed surplus to requirements at Chelsea towards the end of the previous campaign. The Roma marksman admitted earlier this month that he would be open to a Premier League return while hinting at his London roots when quizzed on what the future holds for him by talkSPORT. "When I see reports linking me with other clubs it makes me feel good, it makes you feel like you’re doing something right," said Abraham. "It’s a nice feeling seeing your name all over newspapers."But for me it’s about focusing on doing my business here. I can keep getting linked with many clubs but who knows what the future holds? JUST IN: Real Madrid boss Ancelotti responds to Rudiger question - 'Who?' "Of course I grew up in England, I’m a London boy. So maybe one day I’ll be back in the Premier League to make noise there."But for me right now it’s about focusing on Rome, on doing the best I can and hopefully winning these guys a trophy which they haven’t done in many years."It remains to be seen whether Abraham will eventually decide to join Arsenal if the Gunners firm up their interest in his services over the coming weeks and months. They will seemingly be forced to shell out a significant fee in order to bring him to the Emirates Stadium in the near future, with Roma set to hold out for around £67.5million to let go of their prized asset, according to football.london. Meanwhile, reports in Italy have claimed that Arsenal scouts will be in attendance to watch Abraham lead the line for Roma against Leicester City on Thursday evening. Former Premier League striker Noel Whelan recently insisted that Arsenal could do far worse than to chase a move for Abraham this summer due to the Roma man's sky-high potential and impressive goalscoring prowess."He’s still young, and he’s got the best years of his career ahead of him," Whelan told Football Insider earlier this month. "I’m sure it won’t just be Arsenal looking at him, that’s for sure, he leads the line so well."Good in the air, good on the floor, and a real poacher’s instinct. They’re going to need to go out and get two or three forward players this summer at Arsenal, but he’s someone who will definitely complement them, there’s no doubt about that." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here