Some 3.4 million pensioners could be eligible for Attendance Allowance which is paid to people who are physically or mentally disabled. It's worth up to £370 a month depending on the severity of someone’s condition.  Older Britons with a disability or illness should check whether they could claim Attendance Allowance from the DWP. This underclaimed benefit could help people survive the cost of living crisis by providing extra financial support at a time when it is needed most. Claimants don’t need to have a full time carer to apply. However, how much they’ll receive will depend on how much their condition affects their ability to carry out everyday tasks. David Samson, Welfare Benefit Specialist at poverty charity Turn2us, said unclaimed benefits are a huge problem. He explained: “Whether it is because of an overly complicated system, societal stigma or simply not knowing, there are many reasons why people miss out on their benefits. “People over the age of 65 are especially likely to be missing out on their entitlements. “We urge anyone who is unsure of what they are entitled to, to do a benefit calculation to see if there is anything they can claim.” DON'T MISS‘Easy way to make money’ Woman shares simple money making tip [INSIGHT]State pension age alert as number of 100-year-olds set to grow [ALERT]20 ways Britons can save on their energy bills now [UPDATE] From April, all DWP benefits increased 3.1 percent inline with inflation. This is a yearly increase of £145.60 for Attendance Allowance. Depending on someone’s condition, they could receive £60 on the lower rate or £89.60 on the higher rate. How much someone receives depends on certain factors but people who need help during the day and at night could get the higher rate of £89.60. Am I eligible for Attendance Allowance? Those who can claim for the elderly care benefit must: What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, the new Pension Age Disability Payment will replace Attendance Allowance for people in Scotland. The benefit rollout will be overseen by Social Security Scotland who is taking over responsibility from the DWP. Although most things will stay the same when it comes to claiming these new benefits, one of the biggest changes is that there will no longer be face to face assessments. Just like Attendance Allowance, this new state benefit will be paid to pensioners who require help around the home.