Explorer Lucy Shepherd shared her childhood experiences as she took her place as the latest guest on Express Sport’s Women in Sport series #SheCan. The 29-year-old was speaking live to the Express' assistant head of social Pandora Forsyth during episode six on Wednesday. Shepherd became the first person to walk east to west across the Kanukus in Guyana when she and four indigenous brothers from local the Amerindian group conquered the 253-mile trek. They started their journey at the Essequibo River and finished on the border of Brazil, climbing mountains as high as 1300 metres and hacking through dense jungle as well as navigating perilous caiman-infested rivers. Her expedition is regarded as one of the most extraordinary journeys through jungle territory in recent years and she was subsequently made a fellow at the Royal Geographical Society at the age of 23. She also became the youngest ever member of the Scientific Exploration Society Council. But Shepherd revealed that during her childhood she noticed how boys and girls were treated differently when it came to embarking on new adventures. “It’s something I recognised really early on actually,” the explorer told Forsyth.   “When I was younger I recognised how I was being treated differently by peers, other kids in the school or teachers, instructors. I recognised as a girl I wasn’t being pushed in the same way. They weren’t saying, ‘you can do this,’ or ‘you can go higher,’ or anything like that. I remember it very clearly. “I observed the boys in the playground and I would try and do what they did, go higher. And a lot of the time I would find that adults go, ‘oh you cheeky thing,’ with the boys or ‘you naughty boy.’ But then with girls they’d be like, ‘get down, you’re going to hurt yourself. Don’t do that.’ And I hated that.”    But Shepherd believes things are now starting to move in the right direction and the narrative is changing for the better. “I think people are becoming more aware of how they treat younger girls and to treat them the same [as boys] and what toys you give them and the words you use,” she continued. “But there’s still a long way to go. I think we should just encourage girls and empower them to get out and push themselves. If you’re worried about doing something physical, you can do it - you’re brave. Not catering to being like, ‘oh you fell down, you poor thing.’ I hope that role models and society is going in the right direction and I think it is hopefully.” The #SheCan series has proved popular since it began earlier this year, with the likes of Express Sport’s tennis correspondent Yasmin Syed, McLaren development driver Katie Milner, Olympic boxing sensation Caroline Dubois, Team GB's first ever Sikh female powerlifter Karenjeet Bains and BT Sport presenter Jules Breach already starring on the show. To watch Shepherd chatting to Forsyth, visit the Express Sport Facebook page by clicking HERE. 