Meghan Markle and Prince Harry attended the Invictus Games 2020 Opening Ceremony at Zuiderpark this evening. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex walked in to cheering crowds holding hands. Meghan chose classic colours - a white top and black trousers - for the occasion. Meghan’s top was white or ivory in colour and sat off the shoulders with a ruched knot in the middle of the bust. It is said to be a bodysuit by desinger Khaite and is new season. Khaite’s Cerise Off-Shoulder Knotted Stretch-Cotton Jersey Bodysuit “has an artfully twisted front that beautifully drapes off-the-shoulder and creates an elegant fold-over back”. “It's cut from stretch-cotton jersey for a close fit and has a smooth base that will layer neatly under fitted skirts and pants,” its description read. It is currently available on Net-a-Porter for £597 or $780. READ MORE: Amanda Holden wows in risqué yellow dress and pink latex dress Meghan paired the top with black high-waisted trousers. In terms of her hair, she wore it up, at the nape of her neck in a chic bun. Around her neck was a very simple gold necklace which is said to be from Cartier, and there are two variations of it - which one Meghan is definately wearing is unknown. The older Just a Nail Necklace design is made from yellow gold and is 4.5mm in width. It comes in three lengths, 29, 31 or 33. It is currently unavailable on Cartier’s website but has a price tag of £24,400 or €29,500. The newer designer of the Just a Nail Necklace is in yellow gold set with 57 diamonds totalling 0.20 carats - this is what royal fashion finders believe Meghan is wearing. It is available in one length and is priced at £12,250 or €14,800. DON'T MISS...Royal LIVE: 'Talking about Prince Harry' gives William 'a headache' [INSIDER]Harry and Meghan beaming as children drive Sussexes around [PICTURES]Meghan and Harry's 'shocking' snub [UPDATE] Meghan also wore large diamond studs. On her wrists were more delicate diamond and gold pieces of jewellery. It is also thought the heels Meghan chose to complete the outfit are from Manolo Blahnik. Eagle-eyed royal fashion fans believe the heels are the Camparimesh, also known as the Black Mesh Polka Dot Mary Jane Pumps. The heels feature and “elasticated front strap with decorative button, silk piping and black silk stiletto high heel”. They are currently available direct for £695. One royal fan commented: “Understated glamour.” Someone else wrote: “Meghan looks beautiful.” A third exclaimed: “Her outfit. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!” Another said: “Meghan looks fantastic tonight! This look is very simple but it’s gorgeous, this top is perfect… I wonder if her Necklace is from Cartier, it looks like it.” One added: “I really appreciate Meghan’s stylish and simple outfit. The main part of the evening will be the Invictus Games event and competitors, not Meghan’s clothing.” Both Meghan and Harry were invited up onto the stage. Meghan was first and introduced her husband as the founder of Invictus Games and the Duke of Sussex, before Harry then joined her.