The Queen was joined by almost 2,000 guests at a memorial service for her late husband, Prince Philip last week. The 95-year-old had been married to the Duke for over seven decades, until his death in April 2021. It has been reported that, at the memorial, the Queen carried a photo of her and Prince Philip in her bag. The photograph was one taken in the early days of their marriage. Speaking on the latest Royally US episode, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross discussed the photograph that Her Majesty carried with her at Westminster Abbey and other "sentimental" pieces at the service. Ms Garibaldi said that its been reported that "Queen Elizabeth carried two keepsakes of Prince Philip's in her purse." She added: "While at the memorial, the mirror reported that she was holding a photograph of the couple as newlyweds and a white handkerchief of her late husbands." Speaking of the photo, Ms Garibaldi said: "The photo was said to be of their time when they lived in Malta, they lived there from 1949 to 1951. "This is where he was stationed in the royal navy. "It is said to be one of their favourite times together. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan shares heartbreak as Harry 'nearly' brings crowd to tears "She loved those years together and you know just always carrying a piece of him with her." Ms Ross said: "She seems so, she's just a sentimental person I think." She also noted that the Queen is "using Prince Philip's walking sticks now that she's not in very good health". The memorial also included other personal touching tributes to the Duke, such as the orchids that the Queen carried on their wedding day in the flower arrangements. Ms Ross concluded: "You can tell that she's really adding these personal touches to remember him." READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'likely to raise eyebrows' with new legal move, claims royal expert Prior to the memorial, questions arose as to whether her health struggles would prevent her from attending. Speaking to US Weekly last month, royal author Robert Jobson discussed how Her Majesty "desperately" wanted to be at the memorial due to the funeral having to be "curtailed because of Covid". He continued: "But if she can't, she can't, she will be well represented by her eldest son, the Prince of Wales." He also discussed how Her Majesty “must accept '' that her physical health may prevent her from royal duties. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] The commentator added: “She is mentally agile, mentally fit but sometimes physically can’t do the things she wants to do." She defied all the odds and did attend the memorial, which took place on March 29. She arrived at the Abbey, arm in arm with her second son, Prince Andrew. The 95-year-old monarch only confirmed her attendance at the Service of Thanksgiving shortly before it commenced. Palace aides are said to be concerned about the Queen's frail health. Her Majesty is to celebrate her 96th birthday later this month.