Sainsbury’s has recalled its Taste The Difference Pesto Swirled Houmous because of undeclared milk. The Food Stardards Agency explained: "This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents." Taste The Difference Pesto Swirled Houmous Pack size 200g Use by April 20, 2022 April 22, 2022 April 23, 2022 READ MORE: Daily horoscope for April 19: Your star sign, astrology and zodiac   The product contains milk which is a health risk for people with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents. The Food Standards Agency explained: "Sainsbury’s is recalling the above product from customers and have been advised to contact the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall." The supermarket issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. "If you have bought the above product and have an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents do not eat it," the Food Standards Agency warned.  It states on the website: "Instead return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund." Shoppers can return the houmous to their nearest Sainsbury's without a ticket for a refund. Customers can visit Sainsburys.co.uk/help or contact 0800 636262 if they have any concerns. The supermarket has recently recalled other popular products from its shelves. Fray Bentos Just Chicken Pie from Baxters Food Group Ltd has been removed from all the supermarkets as it may contain small pieces of plastic. Sainsbury's has also recalled numerous Kinder egg products: Product batches affected are: Kinder Surprise 20g and Kinder Surprise 20g x3 Kinder Surprise 100g Kinder Mini Eggs 75g Kinder Egg Hunt Kit 150g All date codes are affected. Tesco has recalled its Tesco Free From digestive biscuits, pack size 160g, because they may contain small pieces of metal. The supermarket also removed its Chicken and Vegetable cup soup with croutons from its shelves. The pack size is 110g and the best before date is October 31, 2023.