The stewardess explained most of her luxury clients are "mainly very rich British and American people" who rent the plane to enjoy their glamorous holidays or spend a good time with friends and family. The flight attendant, who wished to remain anonymous, said the clients are not "just rich people" but "only rich people who can afford to fly in jets". "Cost a bloody fortune!" she said. Although the stewardess couldn't disclose who the clients are, she explained it is mainly "the aircraft owners" on board as well as celebrities and other personalities. "And I once had a YouTuber renting the plane," she said. The cabin crew member shared some of the craziest situations and requests she has had on board the private plane. READ MORE: Costa Blanca tourist tax sparks fury as Alicante says it's 'a mistake'  She explained: "Once I did a trip with one of my clients in America and his girlfriend. "Then we came to Europe and he had another girlfriend and I had to act like super normal! "It was my first time flying with him, a super rich guy. "It was such an awkward situation," she admitted.  She said: "Nobody told me anything about the girlfriend so thank God my captain informed me as soon as they came on board." The private flight attendant shared other bizarre requests. The crew member explained: "I had clients going to a funeral and asked me for champagne on the way there. "I obviously didn’t have any with me thinking they would not drink something like that for a funeral." However, she said she is "lucky" her clients "are pretty normal" and she gets "lots" of tips. "My highest tip was €1,500 (£1,250) on a trip which lasted five days," she revealed. "I’ve never really had bad experiences with those clients. "But I had bad behaviour multiple times with some of my current passengers (but I can’t tell where they’re from and what they do at all)," she admitted. However, she said "most passengers are so so so lovely". "When flying in England they are absolutely amazing. "They put the speaker on board the aircraft, they are drinking champagne, dancing, going on holiday... They are just happy people, it's just fantastic." She explained the service on board has to be impeccable and the crew "needs to do a full course meal" even if it is just one hour flight. "For us, it’s a normal situation but not for people from a commercial airline."