Kim Woodburn left her Instagram followers worried on Friday after she posted a snap of herself lying in a hospital bed. However, speaking to Stephen Dixon and Anne Diamond on Saturday's GB News this morning, the How Clean is Your House star put the record straight and told them, "I'm not ill." The 80-year-old explained to the hosts that she'd had an operation to remove a bad disc from the back of her neck. However, despite having to rest for a few weeks, she insisted she was "fit as a fiddle." "Do you want a bit of excitement?" Kim asked the GB News hosts. "It's been all over the papers, it's a scoop for nothing." She went on to insist: "I am not ill. I'll show you what's wrong with me, it's on my neck." READ MORE: Naga Munchetty tells viewers Boris Johnson is in prison Kim proceeded to pull down her turtle-neck jumper to reveal a bandage on her neck. "I had my throat cut yesterday," she explained. "I had a very bad disc in the back of my neck right here, and it was affecting my hands, so I haven't been able to use them." She continued: "So, I went to the hospital on Wednesday, and he's cut my throat...a big gash here. "I've just had a chin lift and he's cut my throat, what a waste of money." Kim added: "He's cut my throat and he went in with his fingers, took out the disc in this hole in my neck and put a titanium disc in. How he did it through this hole I don't know. "He stitched me up and of course, what I do was for a joke, they came to the hospital bed and said, 'Do you fancy a pee? Not in that, I said, 'I'm not', I said, 'I'll use the toilet.' "She gave me a little paper pot so I stuck it on my head for a joke and said 'Do you like my new hat?'" "And I put it on the internet, my husband put it on for me. I've had calls from America, ‘Kim, Kim, oh Kim's ill’." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Dawn Taylor working with Jamie Tate in affair twist  [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise star 'cried' after getting rejected from role [INSIGHT]Simon Cowell responds to Amanda Holden racy outfit backlash [NEWS] "No, it’s a few hours after my surgery, it's painful, I've got stitches, they sent me home and my love, I’m as fit as a fiddle. "I've got about four or five weeks to rest but I've got this big cut-throat. Mind you, it’s not stopped me talking," she finished. Following Kim's post on Instagram, worried fans rushed to wish the star well. This Country's Daisy May Cooper wrote: "Hope you feel better soon queen." Drag Race star Bagachipz shared a heart emoji along with the message: "Sending love Kim." While other concerned fans quizzed the TV personality about what had happened. "Oh lord!! Whatever happened? Hope you get well soon," user @the_best_vacuum_collector said. While Jean-Paul asked: "Whatttt happened my love ??? Get well soon." (sic) Breakfast with Stephen & Anne begins at 6am on GB News.