The United Nations' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) insists the world must halve emissions by 2030. Jim Skea, Imperial College London professor and co-chairman of the working group who compiled the assessment, said: "It's now or never if we want to limit global warming to 1.5C. "Without immediate and deep emissions reductions across all sectors, it will be impossible." The world is heading for temperature rises twice as high as the 1.5C seen as the threshold beyond which the worst impacts of global warming will be felt, concluded the IPCC. UN secretary-general Antonio Guterres said of the findings: "The jury has reached a verdict and it is damning. This report is a litany of broken climate promises. "It is a file of shame, cataloguing the empty pledges that put us firmly on track towards an unlivable world. "We are on a fast track to climate disaster - major cities under water, unprecedented heatwaves, terrifying storms, widespread water shortages, the extinction of a million species of plants and animals. "This is not fiction or exaggeration. It is what science tells us will result from current energy policies." The IPCC document said reducing emissions in the energy sector required deep reductions in fossil fuel. It indicates the use of coal must decline by 95 per cent by 2050 on the levels recorded in 2019. Oil must reduce by 60 per cent and gas by 45 per cent by that date, the report added. It recommended people shift to healthier, more plant-based diets and reduce food waste to curb emissions. The Daily Express Green Britain Needs You campaign has called on everyone to do their bit for the planet. The first part of the IPCC's climate assessment came out in the run up to last autumn's COP26 summit in Glasgow, which aimed to keep limiting global warming to 1.5C. The second part landed just days after the world was plunged into a geopolitical crisis with Russia's war on Ukraine. Experts admitted that yesterday's IPCC conclusions complete "the full picture of the climate crisis". Alok Sharma, the COP26 president, said: "This report makes clear the window to keep 1.5C degrees alive is closing alarmingly fast. "The warning lights are yet again flashing bright red on the climate dashboard and it is time for governments to act before it is too late." Mr Sharma said it was "absolutely vital" that countries strengthen their 2030 emission reduction targets "to avoid the catastrophic impacts" of climate change. But he did add: "This report also gives hope that the rate of growth in emissions is slowing and that, thanks to the falling cost of renewables and technological innovation, it is possible to transition to a cleaner future." Russia's war on Ukraine has no end in sight - while at home energy bills are soaring. The latest report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) doesn't offer much better news. The planet is heating up. It's likely global warming will rise above 1.5C - the safety threshold for our planet. Global efforts to reduce emissions are nowhere near enough. The world's current infrastructure - its future plan for fossil fuels alone, in fact - would lead to emissions heating the planet far beyond 1.5C. The new report is endorsed by every single government on Earth. But what it says isn't all doom and gloom. There's still time to keep us all under 1.5C and it's never been easier. Renewable energy is expanding at record-breaking levels across the globe, with costs of technology like solar and wind falling by up to 85 per cent since 2010. The conclusion for the UK is simple. If we want to reduce our bills, we should go green. There's no point in extracting more fossil fuels from the North Sea - the UK has almost no control over gas prices. The UK pays Russia £6million a day for oil and gas, which funds Putin's war. We could cut Russian imports 80 per cent this year - and save an average of £150 per household - by making homes more energy-efficient. Britain's homes are the worst-insulated housing stock in Western Europe currently. Doing this, and investing in more solar and wind power, would let us kiss goodbye to Russian gas and oil within a year. We would also be celebrating cheaper bills, warmer homes and a safer, greener planet for all.