Wisteria plants typically begin to flower around this time of year into a gorgeous array of lilac blooms. Most often, flowers begin to show between late April and June, depending on the weather and care conditions. Though there is little gardeners can do to change nature, there are key care tips that can encourage your wisteria to produce some of its finest blooms. These include fertilising, watering and pruning at certain times of the year. How can you care for your wisteria in the coming weeks? READ MORE: Gardeners can get rid of pests with cupboard essentials Wisteria plants can dry out quickly, especially during hot spells or when planted in light or sandy soil. The Royal Horticultural Society(RHS) recommends keeping them "well watered, particularly when newly planted or in dry periods". If there is no rainfall, gardeners should aim to water their wisteria plant every two or three days. Alternatively, you can test out how dry the soil is by inserting your index finger. During dry spells, check your wisteria plants daily. DON'T MISSGarden weeds: How to use white vinegar to ‘kill’ weeds between stones [INSIGHT]Dandelions: Why you should never kill dandelions [REVEALED]Weeding: How to create an ‘affordable’ weed killer in seconds [EXPLAINER] April and May are perfect times to give your wisteria some added oomph with the help of fertiliser. Shop-bought plant fertilisers can work, though do be sure to read the specific care instructions. The RHS states: "In sandy soil, which has low potassium levels, also apply sulphate of potash at 20g per square metre. "You can also use rose or flowering shrub fertilisers. "In containers, feed wisteria with liquid tomato fertiliser, Phostrogen, Miracle-Gro or a similar flowering plant food. "Alternatively you can mix controlled-release fertiliser into the compost." You can hold off pruning your wisteria for now, though it is a good idea to make a note of it on your calendar. Regular pruning at the right time will ensure your plant flowers once the season arrives. Wisteria has a reputation for being difficult to prune, though this is not necessarily the case. The RHS advises: "Regular pruning means shortening the excessive whippy growth in July or August to five to six leaves, about 30cm." Pruning in the summer allows the wood to ripen and improves the chances of flower bud formation. RHS continues: "Then, in February, further shorten these shoots to two to three buds, about 10cm, to tidy the plant before the growing season begins to allow the new flowers to be seen."