NCIS: Los Angeles is currently in its 13th season on CBS and the special agents had been under the guidance of Hetty Lange (played by Linda Hunt). The actress was part of the main cast for the first 12 seasons, but only appears as a special guest in the latest episodes. The series has now confirmed she will not return to the procedural until next season. Operations Manager Henrietta 'Hetty' Lange appeared in the season 13 premiere, much to the delight of fans. She told Admiral Hollace Kilbride (Gerald McRaney) she needed to return to Syria for an ominous mission. Season 14 has already been confirmed and the star will be making a comeback eventually. Back in October 2020, Showrunner R Scott Gemmill explained Hunt's absence was due to the COVID-19 pandemic. READ MORE: NCIS’ Sean Murray pays tribute to daughter ahead of guest role He told TV Line at the time: "We're doing everything we can to keep everyone safe, and Linda is a little extra special in terms of how we have to look out for her." Gemmill gave some insight into what fans can expect from Hetty's character and why she continues to be absent. Speaking to Parade.com he said: "She was in at the beginning of this season and then we had her disappear. "The plan is to follow that up next [season] with some reveal. "We've pitted her a little bit against Callen in terms of what he went through as a child, so that's something we're very eager to explore and have fun with. "We saw a little bit of that confrontation earlier this year, but before they could really have it out, she disappeared again. That'll be a focus for us in season 14 when we come back." By May 2021 Hunt had received both Covid vaccines, so she was able to return to filming. The 77-year-old actress was thrilled to be back on set as she had been gone for so long. DON'T MISS... NCIS LA: fans fume as Katya ‘causing mayhem’ jeopardises Callen [DISCUSSION] NCIS LA season 13: Callen fears for Hetty’s safety [INSIGHT] NCIS LA’s Hetty to be rocked by former enemy as star hints at return? [THEORY] The series will return with a double bill on May 1, with episodes 18 and 19 airing. The instalments are titled Hard For The Money and Live Free or Die Standing. Hetty fans will be sad to hear she will not feature in the show again until the next season. Actor Eric Christian Olsen, who plays Marty Deeks, paid tribute to the popular actress. On why he thinks her character is such a hit with fans, he said she serves as the show's rock. Speaking to Cinemablend he said: "I think it’s what Linda Hunt brings to Hetty. "I don’t think you can separate that. I think Linda Hunt is the ground that Hetty stands on. "The foundation that gives it that gravitas comes from deep within the bones of Linda Hunt. "I think that’s why it’s such a powerful character. "I think that she’s the glue that holds the group together."  NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 airs on CBS with episode 18 scheduled for May 1.