A Place In The Sun presenter Danni Menzies has revealed she is often trolled by viewers angrily reacting to her dress sense. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the star, who recently left her presenting role on the Channel 4 property show, told how she had the urge to fight back and "put them in their place", but explained that the comment she received about wearing a "hooker dress" merely made her laugh. Speaking about the dress in question, Danni said: "Even if I did, so what? That might be in fashion! Julia Roberts dress, you know, that's come back in!" "It's just some bitter old lady having a go at me because she doesn't think anyone should show any skin," she continued. "I know I don't look like a hooker! She's making herself look like an idiot!" Danni claimed. Danni also revealed she had similar comments about a pair of boots, which prompted her to wear the same pair on-screen a second time. READ NOW: ITV's Charlene White slams 'misplaced vitriol' aimed at Prince Harry Danni explained: "I purposely wore [them] in the next show just as a little 'ha-ha'!" Though Danni often resists the urge to hit back at comments, she admits: "Sometimes you've got to set them straight!" "But people will always find a way to be negative." Danni also voiced her concerns about "regulating social media for younger people". The property expert, who has a younger sister who uses the platforms, worries about the impact it might have on someone of a younger age. Danni explained: "I know a lot of young girls like my sister's friends who are feeling more liberated than I would have done when I was younger [though]." "[When I was younger], I hated anybody saying things to me or giving me attention or whatever, so I just wore jeans and a T-shirt." The Edinburgh beauty's front-facing role as a presenter meant that she would receive plenty of attention, but Danni says she is "wiser" now than in her younger years. Danni has also reflected on a trip to Mexico earlier in her career for a modelling job when she found herself and another girl being "followed". DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [INSIGHT] Phillip Schofield and Luke Evans' secret friendship exposed on holiday [INSIGHT] 'Who’s doing the weather?' Piers Morgan on Alex Beresford run-in fears [DEBATE]  She recalled the terrifying ordeal, which she claimed almost led to her almost getting kidnapped "three or four times". Danni claimed that bolts were removed from the door on the place where she was staying, and she spent her last night in Mexico City with a sofa pushed against the front door and a pair of scissors in her hand. After that ordeal, Danni told how she's better equipped to handle criticism on social media. As well as being branded a hooker, she has also been called "an alien" after posting video footage of herself dancing in a sports bra. "I know they were trying to be mean but it tickled me," she joked on Instagram at the time. "Probably best word ever to describe [me]!"