Many celebrities have torn into Prince Harry's controversial wife, Meghan Markle, since she fled the UK with him after splitting from the Royal Family - but Danni Menzies isn't one of them. The A Place in the Sun star, 33, has claimed that the ex-royal is "absolutely" a "role-model". "I think she's probably had a bit of a rough ride," Danni reasoned, "and she does a lot of very good things." The TV presenter, who recently announced her departure from Channel 4 show A Place in the Sun, has confessed she "hasn't been reading the headlines" on Meghan due to her hectic schedule. However, she was supportive of the difficulties she is said to have endured during her time in the Royal Family, after she claimed she "didn't want to live" while working as a Duchess. READ NOW: Kaleb Cooper breaks silence on being branded a 'sell-out' Meghan's account of her time in the Royal Family polarised the celebrity world, with Piers Morgan insisting he "didn't believe" she had been suicidal. However, while Piers dismissed the pair as "shameless spoiled brats", the likes of Stacey Dooley and Amanda Holden had both expressed support for her. Meanwhile, Strictly Come Dancing star Motsi Mabuse made it clear where her feelings lay about Meghan's claims, writing on social media that she had "zero tolerance for racism". Now Danni has joined those in the showbiz world who are Team Meghan. However her goodwill doesn't extend to cat kicker Kurt Zouma, who - as a committed animal lover - she finds "disgusting". "I don't know what you'd do to punish someone like that," she mused. "Too right [that he lost sponsorships] - he's disgusting," the Edinburgh beauty continued. "It was really awful seeing that, especially because he was in front of his kids, wasn't he? DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress [PHOTOS] Melanie Clark Pullen dead: EastEnders' star dies aged 46 [LATEST] Insight into Brooklyn Beckham's star-studded brunch [INSIGHT]  "Teaching your kids that that's acceptable behaviour is disgusting." Danni's other bugbears include how social media trolling could affect vulnerable young adults. "People will always find a way to be negative," the star reasoned, having experienced aggressive comments from fans of A Place in the Sun in the past. Though she's more than capable of fighting back if the mood takes her, having recently blasted someone who said she looked like a "hooker" on the show, she's concerned about how the constant criticism of social media could impact teenagers and very young adults. "I think it's more important to find ways of regulating social media for younger people," she claimed. "Once you're older, you kind of know what you're getting yourself into, you're a bit wiser, but with young people it's important that you [protect] them." Danni has a younger sister, and revealed that she and her friends are trying to break the mould when it comes to sexist judgment of women by dressing the way that they want. However, she added: "They [feel] more liberated than I would have done when I was younger!" Anyone who has experienced difficulties like those described in the article should contact the Samaritans by phoning 116 123.