Paris Saint-Germain boss Mauricio Pochettino could have four options on the table if he leaves the Parc des Princes this summer. Having been on Manchester United's radar for some time, the latest reports indicate that the Red Devils are instead closing in on the appointment of current Ajax boss Erik ten Hag which threatens to leave the Argentine high and dry. With Zinedine Zidane heavily rumoured to be in line for the PSG job this summer, Express Sport looks at four potential destinations for Pochettino if he is tossed aside in France: A rogue venture into international management may have naturally led Pochettino to Italy after their humiliating defeat to North Macedonia dumped them out of the qualification process for the 2022 World Cup. Instead Roberto Mancini, who had won the Euros less than a year prior, is expected to stay on as boss. Nevertheless, the Spain job could yet become available if current manager Luis Enrique leaves his post after the World Cup. Enrique was also believed to be in the running for the Man Utd job before it became clear that his national duties would get in the way, and he may be tempted back to club football after four years at the helm. Pochettino would therefore have to bide his time until later this year, but having spent 10 seasons in La Liga it could be a natural fit for the coach who once called Spain a home from home. JUST IN: Man Utd 'begin work on Kalvin Phillips transfer' as welcoming present for Erik ten Hag Thomas Tuchel is in no imminent danger of being sacked, and many would assess his spell in charge as a roaring success after leading the Blues to a Champions League triumph last season. This campaign they sit third in the Premier League and, despite being well-beaten by Real Madrid on Wednesday night, they are still hanging on in Europe too. But Roman Abramovich's hasty exit from Stamford Bridge has prompted an ownership fiasco behind the scenes, which naturally brings forward the prospect of a management change. Tuchel is rarely scared to voice his feelings and, if he and the new owners do not see eye to eye, the club could be on the hunt for a new boss. Although he does not have the silverware to prove it, Pochettino acquitted himself well across London with Tottenham and would surely be near the top of their list if out of work. READ MORE: PSG 'could sell Lionel Messi and Neymar to MLS this summer' in surprise transfer twistThomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea bossMan Utd watch Darwin Nunez rough up Virgil van Dijk as Liverpool battle past Benfica Marco Rose was only appointed as BVB boss last summer, and it has hardly been a disastrous campaign as they sit second in the Bundesliga, nine points behind perennial champions Bayern Munich. But he also oversaw premature exits from the DFB-Pokal and the Europa League against St Pauli and Rangers respectively, two teams they should have beaten on paper. There were even rumours of crisis talks after being hammered 4-2 at home by the 'Gers, and they were thrashed again last time out at home to RB Leipzig. Rose is therefore one of the more vulnerable names to be in charge of a top club, and he could be even more so this summer if Pochettino suddenly becomes available. Staying at PSG is not out of the question as they sit 12 points clear in Ligue 1. But as we have seen time and time again, domestic dominance is not necessarily enough to stay in the hotseat. Pochettino oversaw a crumbling display against Real Madrid that ended their Champions League dreams for another year, and they have conceded at a rate of almost one goal per game this campaign. Zidane is rumoured to be in line for the job should Pochettino make way, but that change is far from assured. Sporting director Leonardo told RMC Sport last month: "We shouldn't throw everything in the bin. We shouldn't start from scratch after every loss. The objective is to win the Champions League, and until half-time we were fine." Pochettino spent two-and-a-half seasons as a PSG player and arrived with a solid managerial reputation, so it is entirely possible that the club are not willing to give up on their partnership just yet.