After months of promotion, Piers Morgan's return to TV made an impressive impact on viewers who eagerly waited for his return. The show began with a heated rant from Piers as he informed viewers the show would eliminate "cancel culture" and would be using freedom of speech. The former ITV presenter also featured an explosive interview with former US President Donald Trump, however, the momentum seems to have died as the second episode shed nearly 200,000 viewers. Taking to Twitter, journalist Jim Waterson posted the difference in ratings between GB News and Piers Morgan's show on Tuesday night (April 26). He wrote: "Tuesday night TV ratings for the new news channels GB News 7pm-8pm: 73,000, 8pm-9pm: 41,000, 9pm-10pm: 59,000. "TalkTV: 7pm-8pm: 44,000, 8pm-9pm (Piers Morgan): 216,000, 9pm-10pm: 20,000." Clapping back at the tweet, Piers replied: "For proper context, you should also show the ratings for long-established BBC News & Sky News, (spoiler alert: I hammered all of them..)." READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry Associate editor for GB News presenter Dan Wootton, Lucy Jones also celebrated their ratings and tweeted: "Our @GBNEWS show @DanWootton tonight got more than 3x the ratings of TalkTV’s new show with Sharon Osbourne last night, we keep pushing." It's a significant fall for the controversial presenter after he celebrated his first night by drawing 400,000 followers from the first show. He tweeted to his fans: "BREAKING NEWS: @PiersUncensored got bigger ratings at 8-9pm last night than BBC News, Sky News and GB News…. COMBINED!!! What a start, thanks for watching!" There is no doubt that Piers will pull out all the stops to regain his momentum and regain the viewers that he lost. In a bid to draw back his viewers, Piers has already announced two high profile guests who will be giving an exclusive interview on his TalkTV show. Heavyweight boxer Tyson Fury, who recently announced his retirement from the sport after winning against Dillian Whyte, will appear on Wednesday evening. Piers shared with his fans: "BREAKING: World Heavyweight Champion @Tyson_Fury will give me his first TV interview since retaining his title on Saturday to @PiersUncensored tomorrow night – LIVE! You won’t want to miss this." Speaking on his retirement after the fight, Tyson said: "You know I promised my lovely wife Paris of 14 years that after the Wilder three-fight that would be it, and I meant it. It was a great trilogy, but I meant that." DON'T MISS...Trump slams Morgan for 'overreacting' in Meghan Markle GMB walkout [INSIGHT]Piers savages Trump aide as he exposes reason for storm off [LATEST]Boris slaps down TalkTV's Tom in tense cost of living probe [WATCH] Piers also announced Caitlyn Jenner would be joining him on Thursday, despite their recent fallout. Ahead of the launch, Caitlyn revealed she dropped out of speaking to Piers over his "repulsive misconduct" after Donald Trump stormed out of his interview. However, days after the comments were made, Piers and Caitlyn seem to have made peace with one another which is bad news for rival channel GB News. He posted an update to his fans about the pair's fallout and said: "I had a great clear-the-air chat with Caitlyn on the phone last night. "As a result, she will now be appearing exclusively on @PiersUncensored tomorrow night for an extended live interview." When one follower attempted to call Piers out by noting that GB News "has her tonight so not an exclusive", Piers snapped back: "Sadly, I think you'll find they no longer do." Caitlyn is a notoriously outspoken Trump supporter who also regularly comes under fire for her views on trans women in sports. Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs weeknights at 9pm on TalkTv.