Prime Minister Boris Johnson is presently in Kyiv to demonstrate the UK’s steadfast solidarity with Ukraine and hold in-depth discussions with President Zelenskyy on military and economic assistance. He reiterated the UK will do everything in its power to support Ukraine’s brave fight against Russia’s brutal and unprovoked invasion and ensure its long term security and prosperity.  The move has been applauded by several Brexit-backing figures on social media. Former politician Daniel Hannan tweeted: “Delighted that we're scrapping all tariffs and quotas for Ukraine. Thanks, @BorisJohnson @trussliz and @annietrev We're able to do it because we're outside the EU. “It would be nice if Brussels followed suit. “It would also be nice if we made the same offer to other countries.”   In response Nile Gardiner, a political analyst and a former Thatcher aide tweeted: “Brexit is playing a key role in advancing British leadership on the world stage, and strengthening trade ties with Britain's allies.” The former Brexit minister, Lord David Frost also weighed in, responding to Mr hannan: “100% agree”. The Prime Minister set out new military assistance of 120 armoured vehicles and new anti-ship missile systems, to support Ukraine in this crucial phase while Russia’s illegal assault continues. This is in addition to the £100 million worth of high-grade military equipment announced yesterday, including more Starstreak anti-aircraft missiles, another 800 anti-tank missiles, and high-tech loitering munitions for precision strikes. READ MORE: ‘Blatant hypocrisy’ as SNP councillor driven in private car six times  The Prime Minister also confirmed further economic support, guaranteeing an additional $500m [£385m] in World Bank lending to Ukraine, taking our total loan guarantee to up to $1 billion. This comes alongside the £394m the UK has provided in grant aid, and will help ensure the continued running of vital humanitarian services for Ukrainians. Mr Johnson said: “Ukraine has defied the odds and pushed back Russian forces from the gates of Kyiv, achieving the greatest feat of arms of the 21st century. “It is because of President Zelenskyy’s resolute leadership and the invincible heroism and courage of the Ukrainian people that Putin’s monstrous aims are being thwarted.  “I made clear today that the United Kingdom stands unwaveringly with them in this ongoing fight, and we are in it for the long run. “We are stepping up our own military and economic support and convening a global alliance to bring this tragedy to an end, and ensure Ukraine survives and thrives as a free and sovereign nation.” DON'T MISS:Cold snap to fade way into glorious heat with 19C Consumers face higher costs during peak hours in major changePrincess Anne eclipses William as hardest working royal “I made clear today that the United Kingdom stands unwaveringly with them in this ongoing fight, and we are in it for the long run. “We are stepping up our own military and economic support and convening a global alliance to bring this tragedy to an end, and ensure Ukraine survives and thrives as a free and sovereign nation.” 