David Coulthard has warned Lewis Hamilton is ‘not happy’ after a string of poor results for Mercedes so far this season. Hamilton dropped back one place in yesterday’s sprint race meaning he will start this afternoon's race from 14th. His Mercedes team-mate George Russell is 11th but it’s a stark contrast to Mercedes' dominating performances since the start of the turbo-hybrid era in 2014. After the sprint race, Hamilton appeared frustrated and even claimed the team were not in the championship hunt after a difficult start. The seven-time champion was even spotted in a heated discussion with team principal Toto Wolff on Friday after the Mercedes duo were knocked out in Q2. Speaking on Channel 4, Coulthard said: “Inevitably he’s not happy about that. The team are not happy about it. It is going to be a long hard slog.” Hamilton later clarified his disappointment, claiming he was not considering leaving Mercedes after their troubled start. He said he still believes the team could still ‘fix’ the issues but warned it would be a ‘painful year’. READ MORE: Ferrari boss suggests Mercedes’ issues are not all down to porpoising Hamilton explained: “​​We have had amazing times together, highs and lows together, and I am 100 per cent committed to this team and there is nowhere else I want to be. Just because we have hit a rough patch, it is not in my DNA to pack up. We are still world champions and we can fix this. It is just going to take longer. "It will be a painful year that we have to ride out together. Hopefully, we can rectify it at some point in the year, or worst-case scenario, by next year." He added: “We’re nowhere near where we want to be but we’ll just keep fighting, keep working as hard as we can and just hope that eventually, we see light at the end of the tunnel.” However, Nico Rosberg claimed the arguments between Hamilton and Wolff claimed the stress was getting into the team. DON'T MISSToto Wolff agrees with Lewis Hamilton as Mercedes problems worsen [INSIGHT]George Russell echoes Lewis Hamilton pessimism after Imola sprint [ANALYSIS]Toto Wolff answers question on Lewis Hamilton after being left angry [COMMENT]  He also suggested the discussion showed there was some tension at the team, with Wolff possibly ‘annoyed’ at the seven-time champion. Rosberg said: “If I had to speculate now, it looks to me that Toto was annoyed about something that Lewis had done.” He added: “It just shows the stress is starting to get there, rather than going forward they are actually going backwards. Naturally the tension is going to build internally.” Wolff clarified the matter ahead of yesterday's sprint race, claiming there has been no disagreement between the pair.