The ex-Prime Minister was slammed by phone-in-caller Rebecca who criticised Mr Blair for making Brits pay for university courses. Before Mr Blair university courses were free, but now students pay up to £9,000 a year. Caller Rebecca explained that there was a lack of options and pathways for young people who do not want to attend university. Caller Rebecca also explained how many people she went to school with felt forced by teachers to go down the university route to obtain a degree. Mr Vine said: "I was about to say to Owen that newspaper columnist is actually like child chimney sweeps a defunct profession. "You're going to tell me it's not, right?" Caller Rebbeca told Jemery Vine: "Well I'm actually on the opposite side of this one, so I think it's really rich of Blair to say to someone who most likely didn't have to pay for his degree. "Telling people, you need to go to university now when he brought the fees in for it. "I'm not saying that university isn't good for a lot of people, but some people are not made for university. JUST IN: Energy crisis: Sunak tipped to scrap £153 green levy: 'Millstone around necks!' Caller Rebecca added: "When I was at school, everyone was banging on, all the teachers like you have to go! You have to go, and some people were getting upset. "It's not something they want to do but they were getting screamed at by teachers like that's what they had to do." Journalist and political commentator, Owen Jones followed up with his comments about Mr Blair's statement on Jeremy Vine. Mr Jones said: "I think university is a social good, it is good for the students and it's good for society and I think there is a whole range of different degrees that I am not going to be snobby about which do a great job in creating well-rounded individuals. READ MORE: Five men arrested after 'rival gang' shooting in broad daylight     Mr Jones added: "Look, I don't like Tony Blair and his awful interventions, I wish he'd just shut up. "But I think in this particular case, I am sympathetic because the fact is almost all middle-class kids go to university."  Many young people in the UK have concerns about the repayment of student loans and job prospects after studying for degrees. Due to the increased costs of gaining a degree, many have suggested other options such as more apprenticeships and paid schemes should become available. DON’T MISS: Prince Harry set for major US interview TOMORROW with Royal Family braced for bombshells Due to the increased costs of living in the UK, along with an increase in National Insurance, many students will be hit hard financially. Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak has been slammed for the changes. The president of the National Union of Students, Larissa Kennedy, explained how Mr Sunaks Spring statement was a “disgrace”. “Students are paying hundreds of pounds extra in energy bills, relying on food banks thanks to soaring inflation, and being forced to choose between heating and eating,” she said. 