The iconic M&S store on one of the world's busiest high streets is set to be demolished, with the retailer hoping to replace the near 100-year-old Edwardian store with a 10-storey building. The revamp will be complete with offices and a gym above a smaller shop. It will also boast a new modern pedestrian arcade, a far cry from the current art deco layout. It is not the first M&S store that has closed in recent months, with Marks & Spencer recently announcing that it will close its flagship Glasgow store this month. The branch is set to shut at the end of this month, on April 30. More than 100 Marks & Spencer stores were closed in 2021. But the decision to demolish the Marble Arch store on Oxford Street has not come without backlash. READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham marries into astonishingly wealthy family  An expert warned that the scheme contradicted new City Hall policies requiring the retention and retro-fitting of old buildings to be prioritised. The Mayor of London has declined to intervene despite concerns about the amount of carbon emissions that would result from the large-scale project. Simon Sturgis, who helped draft the London Plan’s guidance on “whole-life carbon” aspects of building schemes while working as a sub-contractor, had his reservations about the decision. He stated: "It seems the mayor isn’t really serious about achieving the climate goals he’s set out or net zero by [2030]. “Given the climate crisis and the need to change direction [on development and construction], many local authorities say they want to achieve net zero faster than central government."But they simply aren’t delivering on that. This is business as usual.   However, a spokeswoman for Mr Khan said: “The mayor can only intervene in council planning decisions where the proposed scheme does not conform with the London Plan. "After a thorough assessment of this proposal, including the total carbon footprint involved, it was determined that grounds did not exist to allow the mayor to intervene. It will therefore remain with Westminster City Council to determine the application." With Westminster granting planning permission, the demolition can go ahead. This is, of course, subject to agreeing wider community benefits with developers. Only an intervention by Communities Secretary Michael Gove can now derail the scheme. But neighbourhood campaigners fear that the new 10-story build will result in a loss of Oxford's Streets authenticity and character. Simon Sturgis claimed: “I never thought that a Labour mayor of London would prove to be less progressive on climate change than a Conservative Government - and this decision just after the publication of the IPCC Report making clear the urgency of the climate emergency.” Rather than a demolition, Simon Sturgis suggested that a comprehensive refurbishment would be a more suitable environmental choice. However, a “heavy refurb” including retaining the facade was “not considered feasible as the embodied carbon saving would have been immaterial”. A "light refurb" was thought to be the most beneficial in terms of "embodied carbon". However, it was found that over the building's 60-year predicted lifespan, this would have been less efficient than a new-build due to the need for multiple upgrades and poor energy performance. The GLA report stated: “On balance the buildings can be demolished.” As a result, Westminster council said it expected to grant planning permission “in the very near future”. It is up to Michael Gove to decide whether he wishes to call in the application. Save Britain’s Heritage is one group who hopes it will be scrapped. Henrietta Billings, director of Save Britain’s Heritage called on M&S to honour their sustainability goals: “If the London mayor is serious about tackling climate change this cycle of trashing and rebuilding from scratch must stop. This decision flies in the face of national and London wide policy, and goes against the advice of the Mayor’s own sustainability advisor. “The M&S building is a handsome landmark that has characterised Oxford Street for almost 100 years, helping shape one of London’s most famous and historic streets." An M&S spokesperson said: “We are continuing to make progress on our plans to invest in the west end of Oxford Street for the long term by establishing a new, vibrant M&S store fit for modern retail, along with best in class sustainable office space. “We will keep the local community updated as our plans progress.”