Piers Morgan has labelled Tiger Woods the ‘golf GOAT’ and has backed him to win The Masters this week. On Tuesday afternoon the 46-year-old confirmed he intends to play at Augusta.  During the pre-tournament press conference, Woods added: "It is great to be back and to be able to feel the energy and the excitement again. “Hopefully we are going to have a great week. As of right now, I feel I am going to play." The golf world was buzzing over the 15-time major winner's inclusion in the tournament, including the former Good Morning Britain presenter. Taking to Twitter in response to a clip of Tiger claiming he can win at Augusta, Morgan wrote: “Who would bet against him? Tiger's not just the golfing G.O.A.T. but the toughest competitor in any sport, ever. “His mental strength is astounding. Go for it @TigerWoods.” Morgan was among the first to react to the news that Woods could well play at the tournament as he posted: “Incredible… 13 months ago he had the car crash people said would end his career. JUST IN: Tiger Woods confident he can win Masters after icon confirms he wants to play at Augusta   “There’s nobody in world sporting history with more steely resilience and mental strength than Tiger Woods.” Woods played a practice round in front of thousands of fans at the prestigious Georgia golf course this week as he bolsters his recovery from last year's shocking car crash. However, there had been no confirmation from Woods whether he will tee up come Thursday - until yesterday afternoon. During the pre-tournament press conference, when asked if he believes he can triumph, Woods confidently responded: "I do. I can hit it just fine. I have no qualms what I can do physically from a golf standpoint. "Walking’s the hard part. This is normally not an easy walk to begin with. Now given the condition my leg is in it gets a little more difficult. 72 holes is a long road and it’s going to be a tough challenge and a challenge that I’m up for.”   "I love competing and I feel like if I can still compete at the highest level, I’m going to. And if I feel can still win, I’m going to play. But if I feel like I can’t, then you won’t see me out here. You guys know me better than that. I don’t show up to an event unless I think I can win it. “That’s the attitude I’ve had. There’ll be a day when it won’t happen and I’ll know when that is.” Woods is set to tee up tomorrow in the opening round of The Masters alongside Louis Oosthuizen and Joaquin Niemann. 