Blue Bloods returned for its 12th season at the end of 2021 and has enthralled fans who switch on every week for another exciting episode. Since making a comeback, the Reagan family series has taken several breaks, the most recent being in mid-March when it didn't return until the beginning of this month. Sadly, yet again, fans are going to be left waiting for more as another delay has arrived. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Blue Bloods.Blue Bloods was last seen on Friday, April 8, for an episode called Long Lost, on CBS. In the episode, Erin Reagan-Boyle (played by Bridget Moynahan) met up with an old college rival who asked her to look into an alleged wrongful conviction. Meanwhile, Jamie Reagan (Will Estes) was left torn as to whether or not he should report a sergeant for assaulting a fellow officer. It was a busy episode all around for the family but this will be the last fans will see of the Reagans for a couple of weeks. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry Blue Bloods' 19th episode will not be airing on CBS until Friday, April 29. Instead, a repeat of a previous episode is going to be shown in its timeslot. An exact reason for another delay in the drama's scheduling hasn't been revealed. These breaks may have already been planned and so have not been made to make way for any other shows. Another reason could be that the drama is still feeling the impact of the coronavirus pandemic. Like with many other shows across the world, filming was delayed on Blue Bloods and this has taken its toll on the latest two series. Whereas seasons usually consist of 22 episodes, seasons 11 and 12 are two short. So the multiple breaks could be CBS' way to prolong the show's air time. DON'T MISS...'You owe your lifestyle to oil!' Richard Madeley slams ego activist [REACTION]Blue Bloods theory: Jamie betrays Frank to report officer assault [THEORY]Blue Bloods star Donnie Wahlberg shares exciting filming update [CAST] Few details have been released on what season 12, episode 19, Tangled Up in Blue will be about. But the synopsis does note that Frank Reagan (Tom Selleck) will be dealing with a "troubling" medical diagnosis for his dad Henry (Len Cariou). What is his condition and could this spell the beginning of the end for Frank's dad? Tangled Up in Blue is going to be the penultimate episode of season 12. There will be no more breaks for Blue Bloods following episode 19 on CBS. The week after on Friday, May 6, the grand finale will air and be called Silver Linings. As of yet, the network hasn't announced if there is going to be another series. Blue Bloods season 12 will continue on CBS in America on Friday, April 29. A UK release date hasn't been announced.