Fashion designer Tan France, 38, said it was “dumb” that a member of the royal family reportedly asked questions about the skin colour of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s children. Meghan made the claims during her interview with Oprah Winfrey last year. The Duchess of Sussex said at the time: “In those months when I was pregnant, all around this same time we had in tandem the conversation of, [Archie] won’t be given security, he’s not going to be given a title, and also concerns and conversations about how dark his skin might be when he is born.” When probed by Oprah whether discussions included questions about “how dark her baby was going to be”, Meghan nodded and said: “Potentially, and what that would mean or look like.” In a new interview, Queer Eye’s Tan France, who grew up in a Pakistani-Muslim family in Doncaster, said he was not shocked that such questions had been raised. Tan, who has one baby son named Ismail, said: “When I heard the Meghan and Harry stuff about the baby’s skin colour, it didn’t shock me at all. READ MORE:Victoria Beckham shares David's cheeky pic of her passed out by toilet “My family thankfully know not to say dumb s**t like that to me, and they would never have asked how light-skinned Ismail was when he was born. But my son is mixed race – half-white, half-Pakistani – so they would have assumed that he’d be fair-skinned. “So no, thankfully my family didn’t ask, but it is the most common question when a South Asian baby is born. And, apparently, when a royal baby is born," he added to the Radio Times. Tan and his husband Rob welcomed Ismail in July 2021 via a surrogate. After Meghan made the claims, Oprah also asked Prince Harry about the nature of the conversations. He said: “That conversation, I am never going to share. At the time it was awkward, I was shocked... I’m not comfortable with sharing that.” Following the interview, Oprah clarified in a CBS appearance that the unnamed royal was not the Queen or Prince Philip. Shortly after the interview was aired, a statement was issued by Buckingham Palace on behalf of the Queen which said, “recollections may vary”. It read: “The whole family is saddened to learn the full extent of how challenging the last few years have been for Harry and Meghan. DON'T MISSCarol Kirkwood sets record straight on BBC Breakfast future[LATEST]'Complete b******t!' Piers Morgan reignites row with Meghan Markle[INSIGHT]Holly Willoughby admits 'crying a lot' during separation from children[NEWS] "The issues raised, particularly that of race, are concerning. "While some recollections may vary, they are taken very seriously and will be addressed by the family privately. "Harry, Meghan and Archie will always be much loved family members." In the following days Prince William was asked whether the Royal Family is a “racist family” during a trip to a school. William responded: “We are very much not a racist family.” It comes as Meghan and Harry travelled to the Netherlands last week to attend the opening ceremony of the Invictus Games. Prior to their arrival, the couple stopped at Windsor Castle to see Prince Charles and the Queen in Meghan’s first in-person meeting with the senior royals since March 2020. Neither Prince Charles or the Queen have seen Archie since Autumn 2019 and they are yet to meet 10-month-old Lilibet.