John Travolta, 68, has penned a heartfelt tribute as he remembered his late son Jett Travolta, who would have turned 30 today. Jett sadly died in 2009 after hitting his head during a Christmas family break in the Bahamas. He was the eldest of John and Kelly Preston’s three children and had been suffering from seizures from the age of two. At 15 months he was also hospitalised and diagnosed with a rare inflammatory condition called Kawasaki disease. Earlier today, John took to Instagram to share a throwback picture with Jett as he penned a birthday message for him. In view of his 3.8 million followers, the Saturday Night Fever actor uploaded a black and white picture of himself and Jett sharing a hug and smiling. READ MORE: Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress He captioned the shot: “My dearest Jetty, I miss you more than words can say. “I think about you everyday. Happy Birthday.” John signed off the message saying: “Love, your Dad.” Fans of the Hollywood star rushed to the comment section to send him support through this tough time. Amyofob typed: “I'm so sorry for your loss and grievous pain. “Blessings of strength and joyous memories of your son, Jet.” Adnankhan95hotmailcom added: “Goodbyes are only for those who love with their eyes. “Because for those who love with heart and soul there is no such thing as separation. Rumi” DON'T MISS...Johnny Depp's best friend sobs in court over Amber Heard abuse case [LATEST]Victoria Beckham dressed celeb pals at Brooklyn's wedding [UPDATE]Danni Menzies reignites row with viewer over 'hooker outfit' swipe [INSIGHT] Falana54 commented: “Happy Birthday to your beautiful son Jetty. “He is celebrating with the angels and his mamá.” John also lost Jett’s mum, Kelly, to breast cancer two years on from her diagnosis in 2020 Kelly's death marked the end of an almost 30-year marriage between the pair. Back in August 2021, John said he had been helping his 11-year-old son Ben overcome his fears about his mortality after facing the two devastating deaths. Speaking to comedian Kevin Hart on an episode of the Hart to Heart talk show, John revisited the words of advice he gave Ben. John recounted: "'Ben, you have always loved the truth, and I'm going to tell you the truth about life.' "'Nobody knows when they are going to go or when they are going to stay.'"