Published in JAMA (Journal of the American Medical Association) the study concluded: “Alcohol consumption of all amounts was associated with increased cardiovascular risk but marked risk differences exist across levels of intake.” In summary, this study suggests alcohol intake of any level results in an increased level of cardiovascular risk and that the risk rises with consumption. The more units someone drinks per week, the more likely they are to have cardiovascular issues later on. Subsequently, even those who consume just one or two pints a week will experienced an increased risk of heart disease. READ MORE: Olivia Newton-John health: Actress on stage 4 breast cancer  On alcohol consumption the NHS advises that men and women should: “not drink more than 14 units a week on a regular basis. If a person desires to find out how many units they consume per week, there is a unit calculator on the Alcohol Change website. The link to the calculator can be found here.   As well as an increased risk of heart disease, the NHS lists a number of conditions alcohol misuse can also raise the probability of a person developing. These conditions include:• Stroke• Liver disease• Liver cancer• Bowel cancer• Mouth cancer• Breast cancer• Pancreatitis. Meanwhile heart health is set to become a more significant problem going forward in the aftermath of the Covid-19 pandemic. A study published in Nature Medicine earlier this year found those who experienced a mild case of Covid-19 faced an increased risk of cardiovascular problems. According to the BMJ patients had a:• 72 percent increased risk of heart failure• 63 percent increased risk of heart attack• 52 percent increased risk of stroke. Author of the study Dr Ziyad Al-Aly spoke to Express.co.uk about the report soon after its release and warned this new wave of heart patients would: “pose a serious challenge on already strained health systems like the NHS and health systems in the US. “There need to be more resources put into the system to establish more post-Covid clinics…we need to move into an integrated care system where people can receive comprehensive or integrated care for long Covid.” As a result, more resources will need to be directed to cardiovascular treatments on the NHS to help those requiring long term care. For more information on heart disease contact the NHS or consult with your GP.