The Princess Royal was arguably the first “modern princess” posing for Vogue magazine on her 21st birthday while also developing a stylistic reputation for wearing bright colours, garish 70s patterns and statement hats. However, speaking on the ITV documentary Anne: The Princess Royal at 70 Anne admitted that the pressures of being a royal was applied more to younger female members of the firm which made it “always worse”.  She added that “social media” has added to the scrutiny for younger royals joining the family such as Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle. She said: “The pressure that is applied to the younger members of the family, it's always worse. “That's what the media is interested in. That's hard sometimes to deal with. “But there was no social media in my day, and it's probably made it more difficult.”  In the same programme, fashion writer Sarah Mower argued that much of Anne's popularity came down to the fact she was “very much her own person, not her mother or her aunt”. She said: “She was very fashionable as a young woman, and she was her own person within those parameters.” Anne was known for her colourful love life in her younger days as she had a brief relationship with in 1970 Andrew Parker Bowles who later married Camilla Shand who is now the Duchess of Cornwall and married to the Prince of Wales. The Princess Royal married Mark Phillips in 1973 having met at a party for horse lovers in 1968. READ MORE:US columnist questions Meghan Markle's royal title  They had two children Zara and Peter before separating in 1989 and formally divorcing in 1992. Just months after her divorce, Anne married Timothy Laurence, a commander in the Royal Navy who she had met on the royal yacht Balmoral. The wedding had to take place at the Scottish royal residence Balmoral as the Church of England did not permit the marriage of divorcees to take place in Churches at the time. Whatever the pressures faced by the Duchess of Cambridge and the Duchess of Sussex they have yet to face the terrifying kidnap attempt Princess Anne survived in March 1974. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry's covert visit to Queen at Windsor Castle confirmed [REVEAL] Prince Harry will have 'nothing' stop him from 'getting what he wants' [INSIGHT] Queen health fears mounting after missing Easter services [SPOTLIGHT]  When returning to Buckingham Palace, another driver Ian Ball forced their car to stop on the Mall and began firing a pistol wounding several people, reports revealed. Ball was eventually arrested. 