Ibinabo Jack joined the Vera cast in 2018 and has played DC Jac Williams ever since. The detective, who is usually found in the office doing the background work for DCI Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn), quickly became a firm favourite with ITV fans. Jac also works closely with fellow detective Mark Edwards (Riley Jones), who joined the drama in 2011 as a uniformed police officer. However, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the actress has opened up about filming for a new TV role. Ibinabo, who was a West End star before landing her first TV job in Vera, embarked on a new role in children's television. She went on to admit she had no idea how much energy is needed to work on children’s TV. Speaking about her latest role, the Jac Williams star began: “When you watch kids TV, I watch it with my nieces and nephews and it's so fun, bright and energetic and you kind of really take it for granted how much energy it takes.” READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revenge She continued: “Whereas with something like Vera there is a lot more sitting down, which is great. There is also a lot of emotional dialogue. “But this is more presentational and keeping up the energy for pre-schoolers. “Whenever I watch a kid’s show again, I'll be like, 'I know what they've gone through to produce this.'” Ibinabo went on to discuss how tiring it was while filming, as she admitted: "It's been exhausting.” The actress added: “We are filming in Cardiff, it's absolutely lovely here and the people are really lovely. “But it's just, I hate being away from home for long periods of time and I just need the rest afterwards." Despite Ibinabo's hectic filming schedule for Vera, she is still able to fit in new projects around the series. The star admitted while there is a hesitation to leave, she would never want to take herself "out of a job". DON'T MISS...Ukraine general forced to sit out war freed 'Banged up in Germany' [VIDEO]Death in Paradise star on why BBC bosses made costume 'too big' [INSIGHT]Owen Jones savages Blair's calls for more people to go to uni [REACTION] "Even though there is the kind of hesitation to leave, I love it," Ibinabo said. "But at the same time, I don't want to take myself out of a job because you don't know what else is going to start filming and what else is going to clash essentially. "I think it's just making things work. The good thing about my character is I don't have to be there [Newcastle] all the time. "So Kenny [Doughty] and Brenda are in every single shooting day for a series, whereas I do a fraction of what they do in terms of being up in Newcastle." "So there's always the flexibility of doing other stuff as well as and that would be the goal to do Vera as well as other stuff," she added. Filming for series 12 is currently underway, although, fans are still waiting to watch the final episodes of series 11. The first four instalments of the latest series has already aired, and fans expected the final two to air in January. It is unclear when the remaining episodes will be broadcast, but they are expected to be shown later this year. Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.