Buckingham Palace has announced the Queen will not be taking part in the Royal Maundy church service next week and instead, she will be represented by her son and heir Prince Charles. The Maundy Service is a key event in the Queen's calendar, and this will be the first Maundy Service she has missed since 1970.  The Queen has missed previous services for Maundy Thursday after welcoming her third and fourth children, Prince Andrew and Prince Edward. She has also missed some services while she was away on tours abroad. But in the past, the Queen Mother has taken the monarch's place at the service, and this will be Prince Charles' first time gifting Maundy money to the people of Windsor. Charles will be joined by his wife and future Queen Consort, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, for the huge honour. The Queen has kept her public appearances to a minimum in recent months, and whether or not she will attend high-profile engagements has only been confirmed on the mornings of events. The Queen, who is thought to be experiencing some mobility problems, was present at Prince Philip's memorial service last month with other members of the Royal Family. But the Queen is increasingly delegating her public duties to other senior royals like Prince Charles and Prince William while she keeps to a diary of virtual or smaller engagements at her Windsor Castle base.   READ MORE: Are Kate, Meghan and Camilla princesses? Royal title rules explained On Maundy Thursday, the Thursday before Easter Sunday, a special service commemorates Jesus washing the feet of the Apostles at the Last Supper. On this date, the Queen distributes Maundy money in-person to local communities across the country. The Queen decided early on in her reign to distribute the money to people across the UK rather than just to people in London, so she usually travels to cathedrals and abbeys across the country.   Recipients of the Queen's Maundy money will be given two leather purses, one red and one white. The red purse contains coinage which is a gift from the Queen for food and clothing, while the second purse contains Maundy coins. The Queen's Maundy money reflects her age, so when she turned 80 she gifted 80p of Maundy money to 80 men and 80 women.  DON'T MISS:The Queen received £66m necklace as wedding gift - 'Extraordinary' [PICTURESAndrew steps up horse riding after scandals [INSIGHT]Royal expert wades in on Queen and Andrew row – 'won't denounce him' [ANALYSIS] The Maundy money is a gift recognising the dedication people make to their community and the church. The Royal Family website explains: "The service dates back to 600AD and these special coins have kept much the same form since 1670. "They still bear the portrait of Her Majesty designed for her coronation in 1953, even though the image on ordinary circulating coinage has since been changed four times." While the Maundy money is legal tender, the site adds many "normally prefer to retain them as a keepsake". 