Manchester United could reignite their interest in Sergej Milinkovic-Savic this summer, according to reports. United would more likely be keen on the midfielder if Paul Pogba leaves Old Trafford. Pogba is out of contract with the Red Devils at the end of the season. United therefore would likely look to replace the Frenchman if he were to depart. Milinkovic-Savic has been a target for United in the past. In Monday's edition, Italian newspaper Corriere dello Sport says their strongest interest in the player came in 2019. And three years later, United 'could return' for the Serbia international. Milinkovic-Savic's contract at Lazio expires in 2024, so this summer could be a good time for the Serie A side to cash in and get a large fee for him. READ MORE: Man Utd players being ‘split’ over Erik ten Hag speaks volumes about the squad  There is no mention in the report of exactly how much Lazio would want for the midfielder. Lazio president Claudio Lotito is said to want a high figure, though that will be dictated by the level of interest shown in Milinkovic-Savic. He joined Lazio from Belgian side Genk in 2015 and has made almost 300 appearances for the club in all competitions. He only turned 27 in February, so could be heading into the peak years of his career. United's midfield has taken plenty of criticism this season. Fred, Scott McTominay and Nemanja Matic are the only options if Pogba does not sign a new deal. Milinkovic-Savic would provide a goalscoring threat from the middle of the park, something United lack. He has nine goals and nine assists in 30 league matches so far this season. DON'T MISSChelsea have four players who may be dropped for Real Madrid clash after Brentford mauling [OPINION]Man Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford job [REPORT]Tottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle win [GOSSIP]  It is his second-best campaign in front of goal with over a month remaining before the Italian league comes to an end. He has made 30 or more Serie A appearances in each of the last six seasons, proving he can be a reliable option for the Red Devils. Meanwhile, United legend Rio Ferdinand has hit out at his former club for allowing the likes of Pogba to run down his contract. “Business has been done poorly at the club,” Ferdinand told his FIVE YouTube channel. "We shouldn’t be allowing players to get down to this stage in their contracts. I don’t think it should happen. “Economically, to let someone you’ve spent £80m, £90m on, plus wages, leave on a free transfer is absolutely criminal. Twice, it’s like they’ve pulled our pants down twice.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here