Merseyside Police have released a statement saying they are investigating an 'alleged assault' which happened following Everton's match with Manchester United on Saturday. United star Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to smash a mobile phone out of the hand of an Everton supporter. The Portugal forward was walking off the pitch with his team-mates after the final whistle. He had rolled down his left sock and taken off one of his shinpads, showing a cut he suffered on his leg during the match. A fan wanted to get close-up footage of the injury but Ronaldo took exception, appearing to hit the phone out of the hand of the supporter onto the ground. The footage has gone viral on social media following the incident and now Merseyside Police are looking into it. The statement reads: "We are liaising with Manchester United Football Club and Everton FC following reports of an alleged assault at the Everton v Manchester United football match. As players were leaving the pitch at 2.30pm it was reported that a boy was assaulted by one of the away team as they left the pitch. READ MORE: Mikel Arteta and Edu only have themselves to blame if Tottenham beat Arsenal to top four  "Inquiries are underway and officers are currently working with Everton Football club to review CCTV footage and are carrying out extensive witness enquiries to establish if an offence has taken place." Following the incident, Ronaldo apologised for what happened on his personal Instagram account and offered to invite the fan to a United home match. He wrote: "It’s never easy to deal with emotions in difficult moments such as the one we are facing. "Nevertheless, we always have to be respectful, patient and set the example for all the youngsters who love the beautiful game. I would like to apologize for my outburst and, if possible, I would like to invite this supporter to watch a game at Old Trafford as a sign of fair-play and sportsmanship." DON'T MISSAntonio Conte relying on double Tottenham exit before making James Maddison bid [TRANSFERS]American billionaire Ken Griffin makes Chelsea transfer promise if takeover gets go-ahead [QUOTES]How Man Utd missed out on 7 world-class stars including Mane and Robben for £46m [TRANSFERS]  The mother of the fan, Sarah Kelly, has spoken to the Liverpool Echo about the incident. And she claimed Ronaldo made contact with her son, who has been left with a "bruise". She said: "At full-time the Man United players started walking off. We were in the Park End so we were right by the tunnel where they came walking past - my son was there videoing them all. "He filmed all the United players walking through. And then he lowered his phone because Ronaldo had pulled down his sock and his leg was bleeding.  "He lowered his phone to see what it was - he didn’t even speak. Ronaldo then just walked past, with a terrible, terrible temper and smashed the phone out of my son’s hand and carried on walking. "You can see by the bruise that he’s made contact. I just can’t believe I’m talking about it." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 