Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle received two truly iconic engagement rings from their respective spouses. Kate's diamond and sapphire ring from Prince William famously belonged to his late mother, Princess Diana, while Meghan Markle's diamond trilogy engagement ring from Prince Harry included stones from Diana's collection and a stunning central gem from Botswana. But instead of wearing their engagement rings simply alongside their wedding bands, Kate and Meghan have also sported eternity bands too. Eternity rings have been all the rage in recent years, and as modern royals, it seems Kate and Meghan have jumped on the trend too. The rings are often gifted to mark a marriage anniversary, or they can be a 'push present' to welcome the birth of a couple's first child. In Kate's case, it is believed she received her diamond eternity ring from Annoushka to celebrate Prince George's birth in 2013. Jack Cherry, Sales Consultant & Gemologist at Queensmith told Express.co.uk: "The Duchess of Cambridge’s eternity ring is a beautiful display of simple jewellery that so perfectly suits her notably refined taste.  READ MORE: Prince Harry skewered for 'insulting' Royal Family "This minimalist ring features an estimated total of around 0.25 carats of round brilliant diamonds - each perfectly chosen to match in colour and clarity grades to ensure a continuation of white, bright sparkle. "The thin ring is set in pavé style, where tiny ball claws keep each diamond in place." According to Mr Cherry, Kate's eternity ring is a "subtle addition" to an already gorgeous collection of rings. He added: "The width of the eternity band matches that of both Kate’s famous sapphire engagement ring and Welsh gold wedding ring, and is a subtle addition of sparkle to her bridal set.  "Kate’s thin, pavé eternity ring is around 1.8mm and would retail around £1,250, making this one of the more affordable pieces in her extensive jewellery collection." At Trooping the Colour 2019, Meghan Markle was also spotted wearing a third band on her ring finger. A diamond-encrusted ring was debuted just below her Welsh gold wedding band and her stunning diamond trilogy engagement ring. DON'T MISS:US TV host slammed for comparing Will Smith's Oscar slap to Meghan [INSIGHT]'It was a pointed snub' Harry blasted over 'missed chance' for Archie [ANALYSIS]Royal Family LIVE: William & Kate 'overwhelmed by remorse' after tour [LIVE]  According to a Harpers Bazaar report at the time, the ring was designed by renowned jeweller, Lorraine Schwartz. The ring was thought to be a gift from Harry to mark their first anniversary and the birth of their first baby Archie. In fact, the stunning ring included the birthstones of Meghan, Archie and Harry on the underside of the ring in tribute to their new family. A source told the publication: “Meghan was touched. A lot of thought went into it." 