Tracey Baldwin, 50, lives in Stockport and said her windows have been smashed 14 times over the last two years. She also said fireworks have been thrown at the property she lives in with her 25-year-old daughter Jodie. Now, Ms Baldwin has said police have warned her “life is in danger" if she doesn't leave the area she has lived in for her entire life. She said: “They are targeting my house. There's a big gang of them. "I can't even walk to the shop without being intimidated by teenagers, or go out of the house without looking behind my back. That's how bad it is getting. "I've reported every incident to the police and they've done nothing. They've said my life is in danger at the property." The first attacks on Ms Baldwin’s home were reported in 2020, which caused the 50-year-old to spend more than £500 on CCTV cameras. However, despite splashing the cash, the cameras have done nothing to deter attackers from vandalising her home in Norcross Close, Offerton. CCTV footage, seen by Manchester Evening News, show youths approach the property before launching bricks through Ms Baldwin's windows. The most recent incident happened on Saturday, when someone kicked Ms Baldwin's gate before another person threw an item at her window. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: 'Major shock' Boris warned 'surprising' change to trade Days before, the mum said her kitchen and bathroom windows were smashed by a gang of youths. Ms Baldwin, also a cleaner at Manchester Airport, said she has been forced to take time off to work to deal with the incidents. She said she has reported each of the attacks to Greater Manchester Police. The force says it investigated the incidents but no suspects were ever identified. Stockport Homes, the housing association that owns the property, has also urged Ms Baldwin to move elsewhere, which she has reluctantly agreed to do. Speaking to MEN, Ms Baldwin said: “They're [the youths] forcing me out of my home. "I don't want to go anywhere else but I have no choice. "I have been here for coming up to 51 years. They should be helping me rather than moving me out. “Why should I have to move if I'm not the one causing the problem?" Superintendent Shan Nasim, from GMP’s Stockport district, said: “We are currently investigating two reported incidents of criminal damage at a property on Norcross Close in Stockport and a number of lines of enquiry have been carried out. “Previous incidents reported to us were investigated and all lines of enquiry including CCTV and forensics were followed up but no suspects were able to be identified. “We’re working alongside partners to resolve the situation, help prevent any further incidents and continue to carry out enquiries at pace as no one should feel unsafe in their own home. “Anyone with information is asked to report it online or via LiveChat at www.gmp.police.uk or by calling 101. Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.” John Bowker, executive director of operations at Stockport Homes, added: “We have been working closely with the resident and the police to identify the perpetrators and hold them to account for offences and have provided additional security measures to deter incidents occurring. "We are committed to ensuring safe homes and neighbourhoods as the safety of residents is our paramount concern – we have previously discussed rehousing options with the resident whilst working to tackle the issues and, as a move has now been requested, we will support the resident in securing a new property and help them to move. "We will of course continue to work with the resident and the police in identifying the offenders and holding them to account for the damage and harassment caused.”