Steve Jones has opened up on the one thing he looks forward to the most when he returns home after working away. The Formula 1 presenter admitted he loves spending time in his ‘Roger room’ with his wife - but it’s not as rude as it sounds. Welsh telly star Steve, 45, has been married to American-born wife Phylicia Jackson-Jones since 2014. The pair met in LA, and they actually got married twice. First was their low-key London ceremony at Mayfair Library, followed by a reception near Tower Bridge. But due to Phylicia’s parents being unable to attend, the couple decided to tie the knot again across the pond, in a lavish Vegas bash. The couple were even given away by an Elvis Presley impersonator. Even after two weddings, Steve has revealed he’s keen for a third. “The problem though is that Phylicia’s so fantastic I want to keep marrying her,” he gushed. Steve has been linked to some high profile stars over the years including Pamela Anderson, Alex Jones and Fearne Cotton. But he’s put his star-studded dating days behind him and claimed it feels “disrespectful” to even discuss it. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Steve opened up on what happens when he returns to one of the two homes he shares with Phylicia after working away for weeks on end. “Coming through the door and seeing my wife, and then we have a bar in our home, so we will sit in the bar and have a few glasses of champagne, put on the good music, sit down and catch up,” he explained. “When I’ve been away for a couple of weeks working, that is my favourite thing, sitting in our bar. “We call it the Roger room - it sounds raunchy but it’s not!” He clarified: “When we were living in LA together, our favourite bar is called Roger room. We modelled the bar in our home after Roger room.” Steve has been quoted as saying he feels his marriage is his greatest achievement in life. Quizzed on what the key to happiness has been for them, the presenter believes it’s that they are so similar. “I know a lot of it comes down to luck,” he said. “It’s a popular saying, ‘opposites attract’. But we are not opposites, we’re very similar. “All the decisions we make, we make together, and they’re very easy because we have the same goals, the same taste, the same interests. “There’s no arguments, well, there’s not none, we are only human! But they are so rare and we solve them very quickly.”