Meghan Markle has not set foot in the UK since she and Prince Harry attended their last event as working members of the Royal Family in 2020. After a brief stint in Canada, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex set up their new family home in California despite maintaining their residence in the UK. But with Meghan now having cut nearly all her remaining links to the UK, Daily Express' royal correspondent Richard Palmer questioned whether she will ever return to England. Speaking to Royal Roundup's host Pandora Forsyth, Mr Palmer said: "She's cutting ties with British charities, there's only one left now, Smart Works. "Perhaps that patronage continues, I don't know. "The hardened fact is in all of this is she and Harry are based in the States." He continued: "Formally, they remain residents in the UK but people inside the royal circles are really not sure whether we'll ever see Meghan ever again in the UK.  WATCH THE ROYAL ROUNDUP'S LATEST EPISODE HERE "Harry, I'm sure, will be back eventually. Probably when he comes to Holland for the Invictus Games, he'll probably spend some days in the UK." On Wednesday, the animal rescue charity Mayhew announced they had decided with Meghan Markle she would no longer serve as their patron. The news came after the Duchess revealed close friend Oli Juste had passed away, prompting Mayhew's chief executive Howard Bridges to reveal she had "generously made a donation in memory" of her dear friend. Mr Bridges added: "Although we have mutually agreed not to extend the patronage, as a committed rescue pet parent, The Duchess will continue to support Mayhew and champion our ambitions. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have 'no room to heal' relationship with Royal Family   “Her enthusiasm for our mission has inspired many more people to support and donate to our charity to save dogs and cats from a life of cruelty and neglect, support local pet owners in crisis, and find loving and forever homes for abandoned animals.” Mayhew was personally chosen by the Duchess of Sussex as one of the first charities she became a patron of when she first joined the Royal Family in 2019. Meghan Markle is known to be a passionate animal welfare advocate and to have adopted rescue dogs in the past. She and Prince Harry are the proud owners of beagle Guy and a black labrador believed to be named Pula. Despite her move to the United States, Meghan reportedly maintained frequent contact with Mayhew to get updates on their work within the community. An insider closed to the Duchess said at the time: "The Duchess is in touch and working with Mayhew at this time. "One thing many people may not realize is the range of work Mayhew does. It is not your classic animal charity. They are supporting so many other people in the community too." The Duchess last year told the charity's CEO Caroline Yates her dogs had played an important role in her life during the pandemic. Ms Yates said: "Whenever we talk to the Duchess about the charity, she always references how important her dogs are and what a support they are, particularly during everything that's happened this year, with COVID, and with the personal trials and tribulations she went through this year."