Over the last two year, scam operations have grown during the pandemic with thousands being affected each year. The rise of scams over apps, such as WhatsApp, mean that Britons are in more danger of being targeted than ever before, with Action Fraud reporting that users have lost upwards of £50,000 over a three-month period. Due to this, victims want to seek justice, however this is easier said than done. According to research carried out by KPMG, the value of alleged fraud making its way to UK courts in the first half of 2021 reached just below £140million. Overall, the number of scam cases nearly doubled the amount reported over the same time in 2020. On top of this, an estimated 4.6 million people are impacted by fraud each year , according to a recent report from the Victims’ Commissioner. The report suggests that 700,000 are reportedly set to deal with great financial and emotional pain due to being defrauded.  READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  Phillip Sinel, a senior partner at Sinels and author of the best-selling book Restitution and How to Obtain It, spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk about how people can boost their case. Mr Sinel said: “You have lost money, what now? If going through the courts, be careful about using the 'F' word. “The burden of proof in fraud cases is high and it is not wholly uncommon for individuals who lost money to fail to prove their case and end up with indignity of having to pay the other side’s costs. “Speak with a lawyer and consider whether breach of contract might be the easier route to financial redress. “Financial restitution in such cases may be lower, but it is easier to prove and so might be plainer sailing.” On top of this, Mr Sinel shared how the courts often look up cases of fraud and the consequences of a guilty verdict. He added: “If your legal adviser suggests pursuing fraud, there can be some advantages. “Damages may be higher, and judges sometimes look favourably on defrauded individuals and react accordingly. “Equally, if an individual is found to be fraudulent, it ‘vitiates’ all other contracts (terminates them, in other words) freeing you from any other contractual obligations. However, one of the main attributes of building a case is documentation. According to the fraud expert, keeping track of files and correspondence are vital in appeasing the court. Mr Sinel explained: “Every case is different, but at the start of every new business deal I advise you to request addresses, passports and credit history. “Keep detailed notes of calls: I worked on a case representing a trustee where the beneficiary side falsely alleged fraud, but ‘struggled’ to remember the details and failed in their efforts. “If you are speaking to parties by phone, just a simple log detailing when calls took place and what was agreed is enough. “Follow up by email, too. Digital paper trails are invaluable. Bank statements are a godsend – even if you are paying in cash, keep printouts showing withdrawals. These help prove that the transaction actually took place.” Mr Sinel added: ““It is important to remember to question the validity of all documents, ensuring that they are all genuine and none are counterfeit, as to date, signatories or content. “Checking signatures can also be a vital step towards building a case. Asking to see signatures first hand, or wet signatures as it were, can be a good move. Hand-writing experts can even be employed to get a professional opinion into the validity of signatures. “Digging out complete email trails and ensuring they are safely saved can also help to deliver some strong evidence when it matters. Is the email trail complete? Does it tally with the final product?”