A shocking exchange between a Russian soldier in Ukraine and his partner back home has been intercepted in a Ukrainian intelligence operation. The phone call sees the Russian soldier's wife encouraging him to commit rape before adding just two chilling conditions "use protection and don’t tell me." In the 30-second recording, a woman can be heard saying: "So yeah, do it over there." It soon becomes clear what she is referring too: "Ukrainian women there. Rape them. Yeah "Don't tell me anything, understand," adds the woman. A man can be heard replying:  'Uh-huh, so I should rape and not tell you anything?" The woman replies: "Yes so that I wouldn't know anything." "Why do you ask?' she continues. 'Can I really?' questions the man again. His partner replies with a giggle: 'Yeah, I allow you, just use protection." It comes as US President Joe Biden said for the first time that Moscow's invasion of Ukraine amounted to genocide, as Putin said Russia would "rhythmically and calmly" continue its operation and achieve its goals. Russia has denied targeting civilians and has said Ukrainian and Western allegations of war crimes are fabricated. Many towns Russia has retreated from in northern Ukraine were littered with the bodies of civilians killed in what Kyiv says was a campaign of murder, torture and rape. Interfax Ukraine news agency on Wednesday quoted the Kyiv district police chief saying 720 bodies had been found in the region around the capital, with more than 200 people missing. DON'T MISSLe Pen victory would mean Frexit in all but name – expert [INSIGHT]China 'preparing for war with US in Asia' alongside Russia [ANALYSIS]Emmanuel Macron facing frustration as Poland blocks pet project [REPORT] Moscow's incursion into Ukraine, the biggest attack on a European state since 1945, has seen more than 4.6 million people flee abroad. The conflict has killed or wounded thousands and left Russia increasingly isolated on the world stage. The Kremlin says it launched a "special military operation" to demilitarise and "denazify" Ukraine. Kyiv and its Western allies reject that as a false pretext for an unprovoked attack.