Louise Minchin, 53, stepped out with her rarely-seen husband, David Minchin, on Sunday to attend the Grand National Horse Race in Liverpool. The former BBC Breakfast presenter took to Instagram to share a picture of the pair beaming at the Aintree Racecourse. The post, shared in view of Louise’s 129,000 Instagram followers, was captioned: “What a treat to be out at the Races #aintree #grandnational #hats” The picture showed Louise and David smiling broadly as they posed with their arm behind one another’s back. The post quickly gathered the attention of many of Louise’s fans and friends. Among those taking to the comments section was Dan Walker, Louise’s former BBC Breakfast co-star. Dan, who is also set to leave the show, simply stated: “Gorgeous.” Also, former BBC Breakfast star, Steph McGovern chimed in: “You both look fabulous.” Instagram user margaretfowler116 said: “You look fabulous. Love your outfit. Hope you had a wonderful time.” Annie.Emmerson commented: “Wow both looking absolutely gorgeous.” Nickydbrady added: “Lovely photo, hope you got the winner.” Earlier this month, Louise spoke out on Dan’s BBC Breakfast exit, which came after her own departure from the show last year. She took to Twitter, where she enjoys a following of 253,000 followers, to respond to the news that her former colleague shared. He explained that he would be leaving the programme to join 5 News and Channel 5 after the broadcaster announced the news with a short clip of Dan speaking about his career move. DON'T MISS...‘Your hair looks lovely’ Jason Manford aims jibe at Will Smith [INSIGHT]Fern Britton admits being seen by neighbours while skinny dipping [UPDATE]Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show [LATEST] The post read: “Some news to share with you all from us at @5_News. “@MrDanWalker will be bringing you the news at 5pm every day from now on. “And he's got something to tell you all - watch his video down below.” Louise quote-tweeted the announcement, adding: “Massive congratulations and good luck Dan. “You will be missed on @BBCBreakfast but you won’t miss the early alarm calls.” In the video, Dan admitted it was a hard decision to leave the programme he has been a presenter of since 2016. He explained: “This has been a massive decision for me because I love Breakfast. I love working alongside Sally and I love the team there. “But Channel 5 came with big ambitions, with big plans. I don’t think opportunities like this come around very often.”