UK YouTuber Lara Joanna Jarvis told her subscribers how they can save hundreds of pounds per month on their food shopping. She started: "I just love helping people save money where they can. "There are some things that you shouldn't scrimp on, but it is a real shame that produce is sometimes so expensive that it that it means it's not available for everyone, which is a real shame." Lara's first tip was to pay attention to yellow stickers. "At the end of the day, and sometimes at the end of the week, supermarkets will do yellow stickers and they'll cut [prices] in half. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans on how to remove tap limescale with 2p coin "Yellow stickers are going to give you such a good discount when it comes to food." While Lara did suggests against shoppers visiting their local supermarkets every day because it can lead to an increase in expenditure, it's a great hack for buying one type of product in particular. "If you're a meat-eater, buy it when it's got those yellow stickers, chuck it in the freezer and freeze it until you need it." Next, the money-saver expressed the importance of "doing the basics". She elaborated: "I'm talking potatoes, rice, kidney beans, chickpeas, lentils - all of these things are really good to have in the cupboard. "You can whip up a meal with these things and they're very affordable, will keep you full, lots of protein - it's a much more affordable way of eating." Then she offered some advice about a typical family favourite - chicken. "Buy a whole chicken rather than chicken breasts because you're going to get four or five meals out of that one bird, whereas with a chicken breast you might only get one or two." With a whole chicken, someone can make a plethora of meals including a roast dinner, chicken pasta, chicken and noodles, chicken salad, chicken soup - "you can do so much". Another way to make food go further is by adding just a few key ingredients. "Things like chickpeas and oats fill meals out, so if you're doing a stew for example, chuck a load of pulses in and it's going to be so much more filling." She also told viewers to be savvy when it comes to deals individual supermarkets are offering. "Know your prices. If you are buying a deal and it's not actually a deal, you're not saving money. "If that product was only on offer higher the week before just so that the deal looks like it's a deal, it's not a deal - so know your prices." Finally, Lara urged parents to consult with their Citizens Advice Bureau to check if their children are eligible for free school meals. She urged viewers: "Don't be afraid to try and get this help and don't be ashamed. "If you need the support, it's there for you, so please reach out and get that help, because free school dinners can obviously save you £40 a month or something."