This comes after the Duke of Sussex  said in an interview with American television that his “special” relationship with his grandmother meant she would tell him things she would keep from others. Speaking to a journalist from NBC while taking a break from the Invictus Games in the Netherlands, the Duke discussed his recent meeting with the Queen at Windsor Castle.  He said: “It was great. It was really nice to see her in some element of privacy. “Being with her it was great, it was just so nice to see her, she's on great form. “She's always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure that she's protected and got the right people around her. “Both Meghan and I had tea with her, so it was really nice to catch up with her. We have a really special relationship, we talk about things that she can't talk about with anybody else.”   In the interview Harry also clarified that he saw himself living in the US for the foreseeable future and no longer saw the UK as his “home”. There has been speculation that the Royal family may be keen for the Sussexes to return to the UK for the Platinum Jubilee but he made it clear in the interview this is not a done deal. The Duke also appeared to take a swipe at Royal staff in a reference to the “men in grey suits”who advise the Queen. READ MORE:Royal POLL: Would you welcome Harry and Meghan back to live in the UK It is understood that the Duke’s decision to quit as a senior working Royal in 2020 and move to California has upset his grandmother. A spokesman for the Duke reportedly refused to explain his remarks in the interview further on Wednesday. Neither Buckingham Palace or Kensington Palace choose to comment about the controversial comments. DON'T MISS:  Meghan flies home WITHOUT Harry- 'resolve conflict' [REVEAL] Meghan Markle paints on Ukraine flag UPSIDE DOWN in Invictus gaffe [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle paints on Ukraine flag UPSIDE DOWN in Invictus gaffe [SPOTLIGHT]  However, one royal source told the Daily Mail of the sense of shock at his “breathtaking arrogance” and made clear that many felt Harry's delusion knew “no bounds”. They said: “'It is the Queen's birthday and despite a difficult year people are working full steam ahead on making her Platinum Jubilee an event to remember that properly honours such a remarkable woman. She just doesn't deserve this. “I have no idea what intention he may or may not have had in saying this, but Harry needs to start thinking before he opens his mouth.” 