Bargain Hunt continues to air on BBC One and the TV series is known for featuring a talented range of experts. Kate Bliss has offered her assistance to the Red and Blue teams for a long time and fans are keen to find out more about the star off-screen. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the star and her children. Kate, who was born in Herefordshire, has appeared on the small screen in Flog It! and Secret Dealers. She is also known for her role on Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is. The expert specialises in jewellery and silver, having studied Fine Art. She married Jonathan Bliss in 2005 and they have two children. Kate has a daughter called Lily and a son called Ben. READ MORE: David Harper children: Does the antiques expert have children? Back in 2014 the jewellery expert said in an interview that Lily was seven and Ben was five. As eight years have passed since then, the children are now both in their teens. She spoke to My Baba in 2014 about what her perfect night without the children would be. She said: "Dinner with lots of friends and then dancing to a great band – ideally in the summer, outside. "Or, a walk on the coast with supper under the stars on the beach." The TV star said her favourite family recipe was either her mum’s steak and kidney pie with suet pastry or bread and butter pudding. She used to help out in her father’s antique saleroom as a child, but it was not always her ambition to follow in his footsteps. Kate believed she would end up at music college, or even become a barrister. She read English Literature at Brasenose College during her education. Kate is also a talented pianist and in her early teenage years, she performed at Dorstone Parish Church in Herefordshire. DON'T MISS...Caroline Hawley: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? [INSIGHT] Jonathan Pratt age: How old is the Bargain Hunt expert? [EXPLAINER] Caroline Hawley husband: Who is the Bargain Hunt expert's husband? [INSIGHT] She opened up about her own childhood and why she chose a career in antiques. She said: "My father had his own saleroom when I was growing up so I started rummaging for treasure and sitting on the auctioneer’s rostrum, from an early age. "I think a lot of the antiques business is in the blood. "So many traditional dealers impart their knowledge and enthusiasm to the next generation, and so the tradition continues. "My father certainly taught me how to auctioneer and command the room. "My parents love antiques and quirky objects (my mother’s idea of a great Christmas present is an antique shrimping net!) and their passion has rubbed off on me. "I also loved studying the craftsmanship of pieces and the history behind them." Kate also shared some family secrets, including her biggest guilty pleasure. Mentioning her son and daughter, she said: "Marshmallows. Usually, I eat them secretly when the children aren’t looking, otherwise we would get through hundreds."  Bargain Hunt airs on weekdays on BBC One at 12.15pm.