If motorists leave their vehicles facing against the direction of traffic they could be fined up to £1,000. According to the Highway Code, drivers must park the same way as the flow of traffic at night if a marked parking space is not being used. The rule is not very well-known among UK motorists, who could be at risk of being issued with a hefty fine if caught. The rule is meant to stop drivers from parking facing the traffic in unlit roads, as this could lead to serious accidents. According to Scrapcarcomparison.co.uk, vehicles parked the wrong way at night are totally in darkness to drivers passing by would struggle to see them properly. Rule 248 in the Highway Code states: “You must not park on a road at night facing against the direction of the traffic flow unless in a recognised parking space.” READ MORE: UK ranked as the third best-prepared country in Europe for EV adoption This is because when a car is parked against that traffic flow, there’s no indication to catch the headlights of an approaching vehicle, and therefore, your car may be a potential hazard to the road. A Scrapcarcomparison.co.uk spokesperson said: “Motors parked the correct way would be visible and illuminated by headlights bouncing off the rear reflectors. "We’ve dealt with cars that have been written off due to a passing car crashing into them as they have partly stuck out from a parking space.” During the day it is not an issue, but as soon as it goes dark drivers risk being fined for breaking the rules. DON'T MISS Land Rover driver fined £1,000 after passing cyclist [SHOCKING]Cyclists urged to be careful amid Highway Code changes [WARNING]Driving in sandals could land motorists with a £5,000 fine [INSIGHT] In unlit areas, parking the wrong way can be particularly dangerous as it is a vehicle’s rear reflectors that alert passing cars to the fact that they are there. Whilst there’s no risk to an offender’s driving licence, the fines associated with flouting this rule can be hefty. Car owners face a fine of up to £1,000 for the offence and owners of goods vehicles or passenger vehicles for over eight passengers can land a fine of £2,500. The RAC also reminded motorists where they can and cannot park. A double yellow line – either painted on the road or on the kerb – means parking and waiting are not permitted at any time. In some cases, there might be seasonal restrictions, which will be indicated by signs at the roadside. Loading and unloading may be permitted, providing drivers can be seen doing so continuously - unless there are specific restrictions against it, indicated either by signage or yellow 'kerb dashes'. Blue Badge holders can park on single or double yellow lines for a maximum of three hours, providing there isn't signage to say otherwise, it is safe to do so and it is not causing an obstruction for other drivers. A double yellow line parking fine is usually £70 and is reduced by 50 percent if paid within 14 days. This, however, may vary depending on the local authority. A single yellow line – either painted on the road or on the kerb – means no waiting, parking, loading or unloading at the times shown on the accompanying sign. The restrictions tend to be lifted during evenings and weekends, but drivers were urged to check the sign before parking. The same as on double yellow lines, Blue Badge holders can park on single lines for a maximum of three hours, providing there isn't signage to say otherwise, it is safe to do so and it is not causing an obstruction for other drivers. In some cases, red lines are used instead of yellow lines. In London, the double and single red lines used on Red Routes indicate that stopping to park, load, unload, or to board and alight from a vehicle is prohibited, except for licensed taxis and Blue Badge holders. The times that the red line restrictions apply will be shown on nearby signs, but a double red line means no stopping at any time.