The horrific claim was made by the Ukrainian ambassador to Estonia Mariana Betsa in a heartbreaking tweet with pictures too graphic to show. With Russian troops pulling out of central Ukraine and the surrounding Kyiv area, shocking images have emerged of dead bodies and mass graves, with many calling for Vladimir Putin to be placed on trial for war crimes.  In the latest terrible news to come from Ukraine, HE Ms Betsa said in her tweet: “Russian invaders killed families. First foto [photo] - Bucha. “They burned the bodies. “Second foto - Mykolayiv. “A 3-year old Arina (with signs of rape) on top of her 17-years old sister Veronica. “Russia should be accountable for the genocide of Ukrainians.”  The tweet was backed up with further evidence of shocking war crimes by Ukrainian MP Lesia Vasylenko who wrote: “Russian soldiers loot, rape and kill. “10 y.o. girls with vaginal and rectal tears. “Women with swastika shaped burns.” “Russia. Russian Men did this. “And Russian mothers raised them. “A nation of immoral criminals.”  READ MORE:Putin's war crimes 'warrant more severe response': 'No need for trial' The shocking images sparked a volley of replies from those witnessing the truly disturbing scenes. One Twitter user, Corkmom said: “My heart is broken, I can’t stop crying, what can we do?” Jonqui added: “Signs of rape of a 3-year-old - heartbreakingly horrendous beyond belief. “I will never understand how rape is weapon of war. “What makes soldiers turn into rapists in war conditions or are we to believe they are rapists in normal life? “Unbelievably horrible.” Former boxing heavyweight champion Wladimir Klitschko wrote: “There are no words for these crimes. “But there are those responsible for these crimes.”  DON'T MISS:Police launch urgent hunt after woman seen ‘assaulting baby' [REPORT]Germany and Ukraine in furious war or words [INSIGHT]Disney woke row erupts with threat of boycott [REVEAL] US President Joe Biden has called for Vladimir Putin to be tried for war crimes as western leaders prepared a fresh round of economic sanctions against Moscow amid mounting global outrage over claims of civilian killings by Russian soldiers in Ukraine. Mr Biden responded to harrowing images broadcast around the world after the discovery over the weekend of a mass grave and bodies in civilian clothes, some with their hands bound. Speaking to reporters, the President said: “You may remember I got criticised for calling Putin a war criminal. “Well, the truth of the matter – we saw it happen in Bucha – he is a war criminal. “But we have to gather the information. “We have to continue to provide Ukraine with the weapons they need to continue to fight, and we have to get all the detail to have a war crimes trial. “This guy is brutal and what’s happening in Bucha is outrageous.”  Speaking of his own sorrow over the gruesome discovery in Bucha, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said: “You stand here today and see what happened. “We know thousands of people have been killed and tortured with extremities cut off; women raped, children killed.” French president, Emmanuel Macron, called for “very clear measures” against Moscow, including an embargo on Russian oil and coal, while the EU’s foreign policy chief, Josep Borrell, said the bloc was urgently working on a new round of sanctions and stood in solidarity with Ukraine during “sombre hours for the whole world”. 