There is simply no doubt that Erik ten Hag wants to change the way Manchester United work when he eventually arrives from Ajax later this summer. This is a project he firmly wants to grasp with both hands and an opportunity he wants to seize to elevate his status to one of the world's most highly-regarded coaches. At Old Trafford, he could be blessed with something he has never had before: Money. During his time with Ajax, Ten Hag has centred his philosophy around coaching his players and improving from within. That has not stopped Ajax from recruiting smartly but Ten Hag takes pride in the way he takes his players to the next level on the training pitch. Couple that with a potentially monstrous transfer budget at United and the Dutch tactician could slowly start to build a new-look squad capable of challenging. One of the glaring weaknesses in this United side has been at centre-back, where Harry Maguire's turbulent form has become a real problem. READ MORE: Man Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal Raphael Varane's fitness has also raised alarm bells but ultimately, there is no doubting his quality when he is out on the pitch at the top of his game. Another established partner for the Frenchman could now be on the agenda with Ten Hag already being linked with a swoop for his current centre-back Jurrien Timber. Yet there is every chance - given the way Ajax have calmly handled United's approach for their manager - that the Dutch club could place a ban on Ten Hag signing any of their players this summer, out of respect. Should that be the case, Timber and winger Antony could be out of United's reach in Ten Hag's first transfer window as United boss. However, there will be plenty of other attractive, exciting options on Ten Hag's radar as he looks to take charge of the club's incomings and outgoings. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag wants to sign 'two of Ajax's best players' for Man Utd once named new managerArsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer after consulting BenficaBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star Gabriel One of which is hidden gem Gleison Bremer of Torino, who has been a revelation in recent seasons in Italy. Despite sitting 11th in the Serie A table, Torino have the fifth tightest defence in the entire division, conceding just one more goal than league leaders AC Milan. Much of that is down to Bremer's quality and leadership at the back, having kept Milan at bay on Sunday in the 0-0 draw in Turin. Bremer, on current form, looks set to force his way into the Brazil World Cup squad for Qatar. The no-nonsense defender was previously tracked by Liverpool before they signed Ozan Kabak on loan from Schalke in January 2021. It's understood around £25million could be enough to entice Torino into a sale and for that reason, United should be all over this deal. Inter Milan are currently favourites for Bremer but United could look to pounce to secure a rare bargain signing. The club are often messed around in the market during negotiations before being forced into paying over the odds - such as £80m for Maguire and £50m for Aaron Wan-Bissaka. Ten Hag does not want United to repeat their mistakes of the past and showing rare nous to pluck a gem such as Bremer would be the perfect way to kick-start a new exciting era at Old Trafford. He may not be a household name yet but at his current value, Bremer represents a small gamble worth taking...