Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, were not among the congregation who gathered in Westminster Abbey to pay tribute to Prince Philip at the end of last month. In March, a spokesperson for the pair revealed that they would not be flying to the UK to attend the ceremony which honoured the late Duke of Edinburgh who died last April. Royal watchers have been speculating that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are on the guestlist for another high-profile event though, namely the wedding of Brooklyn Beckham to his fiancée Nicola Peltz. Brooklyn will marry actress Nicola on Saturday (April 9) at her family's oceanfront property in Palm Beach, Florida. The destination for the nuptials is just a short flight from Harry and Meghan’s Montecito home. PR specialist Paul MacKenzie-Cummins believes the pair will not regain the trust of the British public if they choose to attend the ceremony. The PR expert believes choosing to attend would be a wrong move for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. He claims the pair are “seemingly incapable of reading the room” and that by attending they would show a “lack of empathy”. He told the Daily Star: "Harry and Meghan opted not to attend [the memorial], citing 'security concerns' as the reason. "Yet, they have no compunction in attending a celebrity-led wedding where the groom is marrying the daughter of a billionaire in Florida. It’s b******s, quite frankly. READ MORE: Prince Harry will 'regret' absence from Philip's memorial service "A few months ago, the couple claimed they wished to regain the public’s trust. "Their actions suggest the opposite is true. What they really want, it seems, is to live a Great Gatsbyesque life where the media attention is always shining on them and they can live out a lavish life with their celebrity and influential friends." The publicist added: "Here we have a couple seemingly incapable of reading the room, and a distinct lack of empathy in favour of their own celebrity." Speculation that the pair would attend the bash mounted after Spice Girl Mel B revealed Victoria and David Beckham will invite their own guests to the ceremony. DON'T MISSCamilla wears 'intriguing' brooch at the Grand National [INSIGHT] Zara Tindall and Camilla turn on the style at Aintree for Grand Nation [PICTURES]Camilla began Prince Charles romance with 'extraordinary' chat up line [REVEAL] The Beckhams have shared close links to the Royal Family for a number of years and were among the guests who gathered in Windsor for Harry and Meghan’s 2018 wedding. During their time as senior royals, Meghan publicly showed her support for fashion designer Victoria by wearing her pieces on official engagements. Prince Harry also shares a longstanding relationship with former professional footballer, David. In February 2020, David spoke about his relationship with Harry, calling the royal "amazing". The former Manchester United player praised the former senior royal for "growing up" and discussed Harry’s plans to relocate to California - where he and wife Victoria also have a base. He told ET Online: "I haven't spoken to Harry about him moving.  "We speak as friends and that's the most important thing for me. I think he's enjoying being a young father for the first time and that's what we always spoke about." David went on to add: "We love him and he's an amazing person - and that's the most important thing - but I'm proud to see him growing up as an individual and being that person that every father wants to be." A number of Victoria and David's close friends are expected to be present at Brooklyn’s nuptials. Those on the guestlist include Gordon Ramsay, Eva Longoria and the Spice Girls. Mel B confirmed she would be attending along with her mother during an appearance on the Lorraine show. The Beckham-Peltz wedding is being covered exclusively by Vogue.