The Princess Royal has taken 117 official engagements in the first three months of this year, surpassing Prince William who had the busiest first three months last year, by more than 50 engagements. This year, the Queen’s daughter has taken only five fewer engagements than in the same period in the pre-Covid year of 2019.  The 71-year-old Royal has been on duty for 47 days in the first quarter. Following her is Prince Charles with 102 engagements in 36 days. William, who will be 40 in June, has stepped up to the plate in the last couple of years and takes third spot so far with 67 engagements. Sophie Wessex was only one behind on 66, followed closely by the Duchess of Cambridge on 65. The Cambridges have just returned from a busy and controversial Caribbean tour.  Although Kate still intends to make looking after her children her number one priority, researcher Patricia Treble said: “Note that Kate and William are both in the top five for both 2021 and 2022.” She added, however: “The first quarter is often marked by unusual placements - last year William was No 1 because he did a lot of work with the NHS (he made phone calls that were each counted as an official engagement). “So it’s too early to make any forecasts as to how the year will end.” Earlier this year, the Queen smoothed the way for Camilla to be made Queen Consort when Charles accedes to the throne, and since the announcement, the Duchess of Cornwall has stepped up her duties compared to the same period last year.  READ MORE: Charles and Camilla's 'LOVE CHILD' unveils new 'undeniable proof' But Camilla is still short of her 2019 first-quarter tally of 80. Charles is also down on his 2019 total of 160 engagements but has doubled his 2021 list of 51 engagements. The research comes as Princess Anne greeted exhibitors at Sydney's Royal Easter Show just hours after touching down in Australia for a three-day visit exactly a year after the passing of her father, Prince Philip. The Princess Royal, who is visiting Australia on behalf of her mother Queen Elizabeth II, and her entourage arrived on Saturday and were whisked through the terminal and away by an official police escort.  DON'T MISS:Marine Le Pen gains ground on ‘feverish’ Macron as final stages loomVDL vows to ‘make Putin pay’ with 6th wave of ‘heavy sanctions'Royal Family LIVE: Meghan makes 'crucial misstep'  By the early afternoon she was at Homebush in Sydney's west to view some of the exhibits ahead of officially opening the 200th anniversary of the popular agricultural show. The 71-year-old royal has several engagements on her whistle-stop three-day visit, including with the Rural Fire Service and Sea Heritage Foundation. Her first engagement is to meet with Margaret Beazley, the Governor of New South Wales, and General David John Hurley, the Governor-General of Australia. After leaving Australia Princess Anne is expected to attend engagements in Papua New Guinea. 