Darwin Nunez proved against Liverpool on Tuesday why the likes of Arsenal and Manchester United are interested in signing him. Nunez showed his clinical nature in front of goal, scoring with his first chance in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final tie. The Uruguay international capitalised on a mistake from Liverpool defender Ibrahima Konate, placing the ball past Alisson with aplomb. It was the 22-year-old's fifth goal in the Champions League for Benfica this season and 28th in all competitions. Express Sport understands Arsenal have added Nunez to the list of strikers they are interested in signing this summer. The Gunners are set to lose Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah when their contracts expire at the end of the season, so will need to sign at least one forward. Meanwhile, 90min.com says United are keeping a close eye on Nunez's progress at Benfica. Edinson Cavani is set to leave the Red Devils in the summer and there has been speculation over the future of the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo and Marcus Rashford, while Mason Greenwood remains unavailable for selection.  Both Arsenal and United are in need of a clinical striker and Nunez has shown he can fit the bill. Konate inexplicably allowed Rafa Silva's low cross to go through his legs to give Nunez a chance. The striker remained composed to pull a goal back after Liverpool had sped into a 2-0 lead in the first half. Arsenal's main striker this season has been Lacazette but the Frenchman has just four goals to his name in 24 Premier League appearances. Lacazette has gone over 18 hours in the league without scoring from open play. Bukayo Saka and Emile Smith Rowe are the leading goalscorers for the Gunners but Mikel Arteta needs a marksman to lead his line and provide a good amount of goals. If Ronaldo stays at United next term, he would likely remain the first-choice striker. But he turns 38 next February so the Red Devils will need a capable backup. DON'T MISSRangers fans warned of 20-point deduction after ugly Old Firm scenes against Celtic [QUOTES]Erik Ten Hag's first Man Utd target suggests Gary Neville's criticism was correct [COMMENT]Simon Jordan tells Man Utd chiefs to ignore Gary Neville over next manager appointment [QUOTES]  Former United forward Michael Owen gave a glowing reference of Nunez on BT Sport's coverage on Tuesday. Owen said: "He’s got size, he’s good in the air and he’s quick as well. He’s deceptively quick. "Only 22-years-old. You think of how many decent strikers Uruguay have had in the past, and this lad looks like the next on the conveyor belt. He could be the next one to join a top European club, he’s got plenty about him." Strikers often come at a premium and Nunez will be no different. But he could be a missing piece in the jigsaws that Arsenal and United are attempting to put together.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here