The two countries are in talks about procuring a second batch of missiles, which is one of Turkey's most advanced systems. The head of Turkey's military procurement agency confirmed the talks were ongoing on state television. Ankara has attempted to maintain good relations with Moscow, despite Putin's invasion of Ukraine on February 24 2022. The procurement agency, along with its chief Ismail Demir, were the subject of sanctions by the Trump administration. This came after the country first purchased Russia's S-400 missile defence system in 2017. But Mr Demir claimed that the 2017 contract had always intended for Turkey to receive two shipments of the missiles. In March, the US formally raised the possibility of sending the missiles to Ukraine to help it fight invading Russian forces. But the idea was shot down by analysts, who said such a suggestion would be a non-starter for Turkey. Aaron Stein, director of research at the Foreign Policy Research Institute, said the move would trigger "severe Russian ire". He told Reuters: "Turkey has managed to walk on the razor's edge and a transfer of a Russian S-400 would certainly lead to severe Russian ire. "And for Erdogan, the S-400 has become a symbol of Turkish sovereignty, so trading it away wouldn't be all roses and flowers." READ MORE: Russian President facing humiliation after ‘accepting’ NATO change Turkey has, to some extent, appeared to distance itself from Russia in the wake of the invasion. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan described Russia's attack on Ukraine as "unacceptable". But he also said that the NATO-member country could not disregard its "national interests" in Russia. Speaking at a joint press conference with German Chancellor Olaf Scholz on March 14, Mr Erdogan said: "We have to maintain our friendship with Mr Zelensky and Mr Putin." DON'T MISS: Russia sends remarkable threat to West - ‘War means war’ [REPORT] Switzerland sparks fury after REJECTING bid to send ammo to Ukraine [INSIGHT] 'Grovelling' Macron accused of 'shining Putin's boots' - 'Pathetic' [REACTION] He also refused to rule out buying further weapons from Russia. The country shares a maritime border with both Ukraine and Russia. Mr Erdogan has said Turkey, which shares a maritime border with both Ukraine and Russia, would help to "prevent escalation" of the crisis. Speaking at a joint press conference with German Chancellor Olaf Scholz on March 14, Mr Erdogan said: "We have to maintain our friendship with Mr Zelensky and Mr Putin." He also refused to rule out buying further weapons from Russia. The country shares a maritime border with both Ukraine and Russia. Mr Erdogan has said Turkey would help to "prevent escalation" of the crisis.