While 26 percent are bothered by overly worn carpet that is long past its use-by-date. As many as one in five have also got problems with damp to deal with or are pondering how to get more natural light into their spaces. Ahead of the bank holiday weekend, typically one of the most popular times to carry out improvements, six in 10 adults plan to tackle some of their home’s imperfections. To help, a DIY expert has revealed her top hacks to help handle home improvement tasks like a professional. Jo Behari, the author of The Girls Guide to DIY, worked with tool hire firm Speedy to offer tips on removing old gloss paint, the best way to give outdoor surfaces some TLC and how to get hardwood floors looking their best. She said: “DIY can be daunting at first, and the temptation is to give up before you’ve even started. “My main tip, beyond advice on specific jobs, is to plan, plan and plan - watch YouTube videos and read tutorials so you’re not surprised when anything happens. “It’s the fear of the unknown that can put you off, whether it’s grouting or gardening, so forewarned is definitely forearmed.” The study also found the average adult will let a DIY job sit undone for a whopping 19 weeks - nearly five months - before finally getting around to sorting it. Painting walls and ceilings are the tasks that get put off most often, along with deep cleaning carpets and clearing out guttering. Almost a third (32 percent) think their kitchen is the room in the house that’s most in need of improvement, followed by the bathroom and the garden. But 64 per cent have reached the point where they have simply "learned to live" with their home’s imperfections instead of sorting them out. It also emerged 54 percent think bank holidays are the perfect time to finally get around to sorting out DIY tasks, according to the OnePoll.com data. More than half (55 percent) feel a deep sense of satisfaction when they finally get a home improvement job done - although for one in four, it’s more a feeling of pure relief. However, 31 percent put tasks off because they lack confidence in their DIY abilities, while 54 percent don’t even know if they’ve got the right tools for the project before starting it. Matthew Clague, retail operations director at Speedy, said: “The bank holiday weekends are popular among DIYers for a reason. It gives people time to build up the confidence to start jobs that have been bugging them for a while. “A large proportion of Brits are discouraged from even trying as they don’t have the right tools and equipment, which is where hiring those better quality or specialist tools can be perfect to undertake the tasks at hand. “We hope to see more people taking on DIY tasks over the long weekend, before working up to more ambitious projects once they have a few DIY successes under their belt.” BRITS’ BIGGEST HOME DIY BUGBEARS: JO BEHARI’S TOP DIY TIPS: Hire an edging sander as well as a floor sander Sand along the grain of the wood not against it Use a nail punch to hammer the nails in so you don’t rip up the sanding sheets Paint your way out of a room so you don't get trapped Work with the coarsest grade of sandpaper first Use a tack cloth to wipe away loose debris for a smooth finish before painting Find handles from homeware stores, online marketplaces and antique shops Cover the inside of drawers with patterned wallpaper or adhesive sheets Avoid putting your decking in a shady area to keep the wood in good condition Draw the deck out in advance for pre-planning and to limit cutting wastage Coat all pieces of wood with preservative to avoid water damage Consider tool hire for a convenient and cost-effective option as lots of tools will be needed for reinventing outdoor space – jigsaw, drill, pressure washer etc. Use a heat gun to get the smoothest finish when working with gloss paint Don’t use a heat gun if trying to get rid of lead paint as it can release harmful toxins If unsure whether your paint has lead in it, use a home test kit to find out Use a paint sprayer, which can be hired, but test it on cardboard first for practice Always spray horizontally to avoid drips and don’t spray in thick sections Finish off with a brush for the smaller, more fiddly areas Protect your floor and put masking tape around any nearby electrical sockets Remove the first layer of wallpaper with your fingers once you’ve lifted off a corner Use a wallpaper steamer - but use a scoring tool to score any stubborn wallpaper off before steaming for the underneath layer Buy more tiles than needed in case they go out of stock and to practice your technique first Use a marker instead of a pencil to mark the tiles Always remember to wear safety goggles and well-fitting gloves when cutting tiles 