Tom Selleck appeared on The Kelly Clarkson Show this week to talk through his staggering television career, including his long-running roles in Magnum PI, Friends and, now, the smash hit police drama Blue Bloods. Tom has starred as NYC Police Commissioner Frank Reagan for well over a decade on CBS and has already been confirmed to return for season 13. The Blue Bloods star confirmed he has no plans to leave the series, which just celebrated its 250th episode. CBS’s hugely successful police family drama reached the milestone in March and is currently winding down its 12th season. “Well, I don’t know where the time went,” Tom told Kelly as he reflected on his time on the show. He’ll soon be getting ready to return to filming as Blue Bloods' 13th season will get started after its usual summer break. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy Having gained a following of five to six million fans tuning in each episode, and many more viewers streaming worldwide, Tom admitted he’s still stunned by the show’s success. He explained: “We did 163 hours of Magnum, and I thought ‘Well, okay, you can’t get that lucky twice.'” “It was a really lovely little celebration,” Tom added about the show’s recent 250th episode. In episode 250, Guilt, Frank is wracked with remorse when an officer he worked with is shot in the field after he had reassigned her. Tom spearheaded the milestone episode with a heart-breaking performance which served as a touching culmination of his 12 years working on the series. Blue Bloods could soon rival some of the States’ longest-running live-action dramas, as it’s showing no signs of slowing down as the cast prepare to start work on season 13. Kelly told Tom: “It’s a blessing!” To which he joked: “I’ll say. I’ve got a mortgage!” The TV legend also weighed in on where his career could go next, assuring viewers he has no immediate plans to exit Blue Bloods just yet. DON'T MISS:Big Bang Theory’s Kaley Cuoco pays teary tribute to co-star [VIDEO]Grace and Frankie ending: Dolly Parton's cameo in finale explained [INSIGHT]Kevin Costner on challenges of launching project away from Yellowstone [INTERVIEW] “I love what I do, and I want to keep doing it,” he confirmed. “And so far, so good. Twelve years! It is crazy.” Tom co-stars with Donnie Wahlberg, Bridget Moynahan, Will Estes and Len Cariou as the rest of the Reagan clan. Over the years, Blue Bloods has also brought in a number of guest stars. Tom explained how he learned from his recurring role as Dr Richard Burkein the hit sitcom Friends to make his co-stars feel at ease. He explained to Kelly: “The hardest thing is to guest on a show. I try to relax the new actors, because it’s really hard to come on a show when everyone’s up to speed. “When I did Friends, everyone was up to speed. I wasn’t amazing at what they called a table read. I was scared to death. I was on Taxi a long time before, but I hadn’t done a sitcom, so, of course, I was really nervous. “Courtney [Cox] helped a lot, Courtney’s a big help. But that group is an incredible group of friends. They obviously became friends in life as well as on the show, and it shows.” The Reagan family has become just as iconic as the Friends cast over the years, and Tom has assured his fans there are still plenty of stories left to tell within the world of Blue Bloods. Blue Bloods continues Fridays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.