GB News presenter Eamonn Holmes opened up about his negative experiences with the social media app on Tuesday's morning show. Joined by co-host Isabel Webster, the pair chatted with media coach Alan Stevens about Twitter and how it may change now billionaire and co-founder and CEO of Tesla Elon Musk has his hand on the social networking platform.   Holmes has one million Twitter followers and often uses the platform to share his views. While chatting on the morning news show, he opened up about how the app isn't for everyone. Holmes said: "Well, let me say this to you, certainly if you are in the public eye, or you follow a football team, or you comment about someone else's football team, I could go on and on and on... Twitter is a vile, toxic place full of nasty people. "People who want to wake up offended." Read More: Emmerdale theory: Vanessa Woodfield heartbroken as she discovers Suzy's secret Wanting to speak directly to those people, he asked, "what camera am I on?" he revealed they were in a "studio with no lights on cameras." Looking straight down the camera, he continued: "There are people who wake up, you may indeed be one of them, who wake up wanting to hate someone. "Wanting to be angry, what's the first thing you do? You go to Twitter to get it off your chest. "Maybe you are one of those people?" Viewer Malcolm Jacobus said: "Totally agree @EamonnHolmes @IsabelWebster_." @Me55953539 thought Holmes' description of the platform was spot on and added: "Yea, your so right, it is that get it off your chest feels." (sic) @jenvarney1 proclaimed: "You know you don't have to be on Twitter if it hurts your feelings so much. Just delete your account it's very simple. People just don't like the truth or someone else's opinion which they are allowed ! Or are we, I don't know these days." (sic) Social media fan @bettym56 thought differently to the TV host and said: "It is also full if good people and humour - depends who you are following." (sic) DON’T MISS…Casualty theory: Dylan Keogh's secret rumbled as missing character returns to Holby [SPOILERS]Better Call Saul season 6 episode 3 release time: When is the next episode out? [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest in awe as £4 charity shop frame holds valuable abstract painting [LATEST]  "I'm actually quite nice, at least 80% of the time," @dotcom_nufc stated. Musk's purchase of Twitter has been in the media a lot of late with him initially joining the company's board but then shortly changing his mind. His offer of $44 billion has now been accepted, although the deal didn't initially seem to win the company over. Musk has been firm that he has intentions to improve the platform's relationship with free speech.    In a statement, Musk said: "Free speech is the bedrock of a functioning democracy, and Twitter is the digital town square where matters vital to the future of humanity are debated." The news seemed to divide users of the social media platform, with many saying they would boycott the app. Bret Taylor, Twitter's Independent Board Chair, said of the deal: "The Twitter Board conducted a thoughtful and comprehensive process to assess Elon's proposal with a deliberate focus on value, certainty, and financing. "The proposed transaction will deliver a substantial cash premium, and we believe it is the best path forward for Twitter's stockholders." GB News kicks off with Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel on weekdays from 6am.  