Taylor Sheridan’s ever-expanding Yellowstone universe already has one spin-off under its belt, with at least two more in the works for the Paramount Network. With the fifth outing of his flagship Western drama currently in the works, Kayce star Luke Grimes has assured fans the Dutton family won’t overstay its welcome. Kayce confirmed he expects the mainline Yellowstone series to go on a little longer while fans wait patiently for the fifth season. However, both he and Taylor are also wary of the strong possibility the series could start to wear itself thin if it carries on for too long. In a recent interview during the show’s current hiatus, Luke admitted plans might have changed after Yellowstone’s fourth season smashed records for Paramount at the start of the year. He explained: “As far as how long Taylor wants it to go, I know what I’ve heard firsthand from the source himself.” READ MORE: Owain Wyn Evans husband: Who is the BBC Breakfast star married to? “But I also heard that before it became the biggest show on the planet, and when something becomes this big, I know there’s a lot of pressure to keep it going.” Season three dropped a bombshell on Yellowstone fans when ranch owner John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) was left bleeding on the side of the road following a shocking ambush. Meanwhile, his children Kayce and Beth (Kelly Reilly) suffered similar attacks, leaving millions of viewers terrified as they awaited their fates at the beginning of season four. Thankfully, all the Duttons survived the ordeal, and more than eight million viewers tuned in to discover the outcome of the attacks, the show’s biggest audience thus far. The season four finale took Yellowstone to even dizzier heights, pulling in over nine million viewers and becoming the most-watched telecast since The Walking Dead’s season eight premiere. Now the franchise has become so popular, with prequel series 1883 also gaining huge numbers for the network, could fans expect Yellowstone to stay on-air for several more years to come? Luke certainly seems to think so, but he's also cautious of taking the Duttons too far. “I do know that Taylor would never let it go past its due date,” he told the Hollywood Reporter. DON'T MISS:Gogglebox backlash: Shirley called out for ‘insulting’ co-star [REACTION]Mike Bushell ‘at the head of betting’ to replace Dan Walker [INSIGHT]NCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah shares update on season 14 [LATEST]  “We’re never going to jump the shark. So I’m sure he could figure out a way to make it a little longer and keep its quality as good as he wants it to be.” Much like the series’ showrunner, Luke doesn’t want the series to run off course and lose its credibility with the fans. Two spin-offs, one set in 1932 and a present-day offshoot centred on the Four Sixes Ranch, are also currently in the works for Paramount. Eventually, the extended franchise could take over from the main series once Kevin Costner and the Duttons decide to call it a day. “But I don’t know,” Luke continued. “I wouldn’t want it to go past its due date either. “I mean, it’s fun to do. I love the cast and crew, but once any great show outlives its material, it’s no fun for anybody.” Thankfully, fans have at least one more chapter in the Dutton saga to look forward to, though after season five it’s anyone’s guess how long the Yellowstone story is set to continue. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on the Paramount Network in the USA now. Yellowstone seasons 1-3 are available to stream on PlutoTV in the UK.