The country will harness a broad range of energy sources, with nuclear and offshore wind playing vital roles. This will allow us to slash carbon emissions while ensuring security of supply. The Ukraine crisis has demonstrated why Britain must not rely on the exports of foreign powers to heat our homes and run our businesses. The good news is that plentiful and affordable clean energy is within our reach, and it would be foolish not to grasp this opportunity. No, the strategy will not tackle the immediate crisis caused by rocketing energy bills. That is a parallel challenge; this strategy is about ensuring that children grow up in a country that is not in danger of being plunged into darkness. It is essential the document serves as a springboard for action. In hindsight, we might wish that much more progress towards energy dependence had been achieved by past governments. Investment must be unlocked so that new offshore wind turbines and the best possible nuclear power stations are constructed. We can approach this mission with optimism; the pace at which breakthroughs in renewable technology have arrived is astonishing and should only accelerate. This energy revolution will generate new jobs, support hi-tech industries and help make levelling up aspirations a reality. ----- Russia's suspension from the United Nation's human rights council is the latest sign that Putin's regime has earned pariah status. It is ludicrous to think that a country responsible for grotesque war crimes in Ukraine could continue in the body, but 24 states opposed the suspension. This group included China, Syria and Belarus, which are all sadly notorious for their own human rights violations; their diplomats will hope they never have to look one of Putin's victims in the eye. The desire of everyone who loves justice must be that Ukraine's brave citizens will one day get to see the aggressors in this shameful war put behind bars. ------ The return of the Grand National meeting after two years away brought magic to Merseyside yesterday and is a cause for national celebration. Some 40,000 racegoers - with 10,000 NHS staff enjoying free tickets - braved inclement weather to take part in this great British sporting institution. We look forward to seeing so many other much-missed events roar back to life, enriching our culture and the economy. Sir Alex Ferguson's horse may have come first at the Aintree spectacular but it feels as if the whole country is a winner.