Fans of The Last Kingdom finally got the chance to meet Osbert (played by Olly Rhodes), the youngest son of Uhtred of Bebbanburg (Alexander Dreymon) in the show’s series finale. However, the Netflix historical drama’s leading man Alexander has admitted the writers avoided using him in the rest of the series to focus on Uhtred’s journey. Alexander revealed he was often looking for Uhtred’s missing son throughout his time on the series. The German actor starred as the Saxon warrior for five seasons of The Last Kingdom, and will later return in a special feature film to wrap up the series. Audiences finally met his youngest son, Osbert, in the season finale, when he was reunited with his children, including Uhtred (Finn Elliot) and Stiorra (Ruby Hartley). However, Osbert has failed to appear in the series up to this point ever since Uhtred’s youngest child was born in the third season. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ Alexander admitted: “So many times I thought ‘Where the hell is my son? I don’t know!’” Both Young Uhtred and Stiorra fought alongside their father for the future of Bebbanburg in the last two seasons. Young Uhtred, unfortunately, came face-to-face with his father’s rival Brida (Emily Cox), who castrated him to put his status as the heir of Bebbanburg into question. Meanwhile, Stiorra fell in love with Viking warrior Sigtryggr (Eysteinn Sigurðarson), though their children sadly died of the plague. However, very little was known of Uhtred’s youngest son, Osbert, who was brought in by the Church after the death of his mother, Uhtred’s second wife Gisela (Peri Baumeister). “There’s two things we don’t talk about in TLK,” Alexander explained. “It used to be Uhtred’s last son. Now we can.” Now the rest of Osbert’s story can finally be revealed, and he may play an even larger role in the show’s upcoming film, Seven Kings Must Die. DON'T MISS:NCIS: LA’s LL Cool J lines up new TV role [UPDATE]Yellowstone season 5 theory: Monica’s death sealed by vision clues [THEORY]Russian Doll’s Maxine star on season 2 filming ‘challenge’ [INSIGHT] Having been adopted by the Church, Osbert lived his life up to this point not knowing the identity of his father. This all changed when Hild (Eva Birthistle) brought Osbert to the gates of Bebbanburg to meet their new lord. She tells him: “I made a little inquiry and I think the new lord may be able to tell you something of your origins.” Uhtred was finally able to tell his son where he came from, and Osbert learned he may soon hold Bebbanburg’s future on his shoulders. However, there are still certain things Alexander confirmed the series avoids addressing. “And the other is age,” he added. “We don’t talk about age. That’s the first rule. Never mention age.” The Last Kingdom takes place over the course of a number of decades, but Uhtred seems to have not aged more than a few years since his journey began. With Seven Kings Must Die bringing his story to a close, the series may finally address Uhtred’s age before his grown-up son takes the throne of Bebbanburg. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix.