But Mark Selby, 38, who is currently playing in the World Snooker Championships, isn't the only person in his family who has played the sport professionally, with his wife Vikki Layton being a former pro herself. Long before settling down with her husband of 11 years, Vikki competed in two snooker tournaments between 2003 and 2004. In 2003, she took part in Blackpool's WEPF Ladies World Championship, followed by the Ladies European Championship in Jersey. For the latter competition, Vikki made it to the semi-final before being defeated by fellow pool player Barbara Taylor. Vikki - who is now a full-time mum - was born in Ipswich. In her teenage years, she developed a broad interest in the sport. READ MORE: Donny Osmond admits wife was sent threatening letters after 'secret' relationship exposed And though her career was short-lived, having only played in a handful of tournaments as a professional pool player, she's seemingly now living her dream through her partner. The doting couple became engaged in 2010 before tying the knot a year later. Their wedding ceremony was held in Mexico in May 2011, where they were joined by close friends and family members who watched as the couple exchanged their vows. While Vikki has since retired from pool, she shows her act of support by cheering him on at all of his snooker games. When Mark won his second world title against Ding Junhui in 2016, the Leicester-born star dedicated his triumph to his father-in-law, who passed away in September 2015. "I've not really got that much family, so I class Vikki's family as my own," the father-of-one shared. "She lost her father last year, and two years ago, when I won it, he was here watching. "So it was quite emotional him not being here. DON'T MISS... ‘Looks like a skip!’ James Martin swipes at Jodie Kidd over car as she tells him 'shut up' Miranda Fryer dead: 34-year-old Neighbours actress 'went to sleep and never woke up' Rod Stewart admits his saddest song was inspired by agonising split from Penny Lancaster "But I'm sure he was looking down, and if this was for anyone, it was for Terry." Mark gushed about his close bond to Vikki's dad, saying he was extremely close to her father. And while he was no longer going to be around for his son-in-law's snooker games, Mark hoped Vikki's dad was proud of his win. "I knew Vikki would be emotional," Mark added. "Terry was probably the next biggest thing I had to a father other than my real father, and I hope they'd both be proud." Mark and Vikki welcomed their daughter Sofia Maria in 2014. Fans will have probably noticed Sofia often attending her dad's tournaments. As of December 2021, Mark is still the No. 1 snooker player.