As Britain moves slowly out of the pandemic, 17 percent of Britons are struggling with moderate to severe depression, according to a survey published by the ONS. Paul Brennan from Benefit Answers explains what financial support is available from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) for people suffering with their mental health condition. There are currently 1.6 million people on the NHS waiting list for specialist mental health services, while an additional 8 million await support for other mental health problems. A benefits expert is reminding people that there is financial support available for anyone whose mental health is affecting their ability to work. Mr Brennan said: “If you're unable to work as a result of depression, you may be eligible for a range of benefits - depending on your circumstances - including Statutory Sick Pay and Employment and Support Allowance (ESA). “Those eligible for ESA may be entitled to weekly payments of up to £74.40 as long as they have paid enough National Insurance (NI) contributions at the right rate and the right time - but there is also a means-tested type for those without enough NI. READ MORE: 'Incredibly attractive' - Savers offered 'top in class' interest rate More than 200,000 people are missing out on disability benefits which could be a lifeline right now as the nation struggles with the soaring cost of living. Mr Brennan added: “The Personal Independence Payment (PIP) is an award for anyone suffering from a serious or long-term illness that has a significant impact on their daily lives - and severe depression or anxiety can apply to this. “If you’re eligible, you may be entitled to monthly payouts of anywhere between £92 and £627. “For most benefits, you’ll have to fill in a form before you’re able to receive any money. " DON'T MISSPIP claimant 'distraught' after DWP process - 'Debt piling up' [INSIGHT]State pensioners could miss out on pension by giving wrong details [WARNING]PIP claim: 87 conditions that could mean you qualify for £627 a month [UPDATE] He continued: "Some forms will ask for evidence such as photographs as proof of address. "Benefit Answers and various mental health charities can look over a draft or help you fill out the entire form.” Britons who have difficulty cooking food or managing their medication should qualify for this financial help. They could also be eligible for the disability benefit if they have difficulty engaging and communicating with other people or reading and understanding written information. Other factors to be considered are whether they struggle to make decisions about money or go outside. The DWP recently confirmed that it is changing the way it assesses Britons with mental health conditions. On the Gov.uk website it advises: “When considering mental health medication HPs [Health Professionals] should remember that not all claimants with a mental health condition will be on medication or receiving therapy. “Absence of medication does not automatically mean that the health condition is not severe.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In total 19 conditions qualify for PIP including: To make a claim people should go to Gov.uk. 