Passers-by are understood to have believed the dog was dead because of his condition. But the male Shih Tzu was in fact alive, though dishevelled and “obviously terrified”. The dog was found near Ashton Canal in Ashton-under-Lyne, Greater Manchester, on March 25. A man saw the dog and believed it to be dead, partly because of its greatly-matted fur. After he saw it breathing, he decided to take the dog home and help it return to normal. A week later, the man came to realise the dog needed more care than he could provide and took it to a nearby vet. The incident was then reported to the RSPCA, according to Manchester Evening News. Inspector Ryan King collected the dog, which was identified as around six years of age. The dog, now in a much better state than that in which it was found, has also gained the name Ashton. He was taken to Greater Manchester Animal Hospital for emergency treatment. READ MORE: Farage backs Elon Musk Twitter takeover as 'best news for free speech' Mr King, quoted in the paper, said: “When the man who found Ashton first came across him he was laying next to a bench near the canal; as he wasn’t moving he thought the poor pet was already dead. “But on closer inspection he realised he was breathing. “His fur was so heavy and matted, he appeared unable to move and he was obviously terrified. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] “Vets at the animal hospital later found he was blind in one eye with glaucoma and had very little sight due to cataracts – so it is not surprising the poor dog would have been too terrified to move from where he was abandoned.” Though Ashton has been saved from his abandonment, he requires a lot more care. Mr King suggested both his eyes may have to be removed in order to prevent the arrival of new problems. This, however, is a last resort and it is understood other efforts are being made to prevent this step from having to be taken. The RSPCA representative added much more work had to be done by veterinary staff, noting: “While also at the hospital staff had to shave off 1.3 kilograms of matted fur, which was 10 percent of his overall body weight, as this was preventing him from moving and causing him suffering.” The dog now remains at the RSPCA, where he is “recuperating”. Ashton was not microchipped so his owner has not been found. It is hoped, at the least, he will be found a new home.