Michael Mosley explained: "I don’t think exercise alone is going to help you lose weight but it improves your mood if nothing else. The data suggests if you combine it [the diet] with exercise that’s a great way [to lose weight]." He continued: “And one of the things you want to do, and this is the importance of protein, you need at least 50g of good quality protein a day. "That preserves your muscle. "The things you want to do when you lose weight is lose fat and not lose muscle and that was the danger of going on a really low calorie, low protein diet - tea, juicing - is that your body needs protein and if it’s not getting it from your diet, it’s getting it from your muscles." However, Dr Mosley said there are two key exercises which are very effective to burn fat: press-ups and squats. READ MORE: Aldi shoppers praised £7 face cream for 'youthful' results He recommended practising those on a daily basis. Michael Mosley said: “I’m doing something I try to do every day - press-ups. "We all know aerobic exercises like running, walking, swimming, cycling is good for your heart and lungs. "On top of that, there is just one thing I recommend you add to your daily routine; resistance exercise like press-ups.  "There’s fascinating new research on the benefits of strength workouts, how a few minutes of daily resistance exercises - where you don’t need any special equipment - can boost your brain as well as your muscles." The doctor said “there are two forms of strength exercise that I find particularly effective and easy to fit into my life". The first is press-ups, "one of the best low-cost ways of building upper body strength," he explained. “Not only do press-ups keep you toned, but there is evidence resistance training can improve your sleep," he said. Dr Mosley recommended another resistance exercise to do on a regular basis: the squat. He said: “As we discovered, it is one of the best exercises around for improving your brain function in surprising ways.” Michael Mosley said he usually tries to do press-ups and squats first thing in the morning. He explained: “I try to do 40 press-ups most days. "I also love walking and cycling, and I also make myself do the occasional run. “[For press-ups and squats] I do them first thing when I get out of bed, because if I don’t do them then, I’ll probably forget to do them later in the day. "They give you a full-body workout, help your heart, and may even boost your brainpower."