Food recalls are made when a product has a health and safety issue that could cause harm to certain individuals. A supermarket or company then withdraws the product from shelves and customers who have already bought the item are urged to return it to stores for a full refund. Here is a list of the latest food recalls from major supermarkets. Sainsbury’s Sainsbury’s has recalled the popular Scratch Chicken and Veggie Tikka Masala with Spiced Brown Rice. The dish is being withdrawn from shelves because it contains Niacin and Zinc, non-allergen vitamin and mineral ingredients, which are not listed on the label. This means the Chicken and Veggie Tikka Masala may be unsafe to eat as the ingredients may cause an adverse reaction. The dish comes in a pack 380g in size and has use-by dates of March 27, March 28, March 29, March 30, March 31, April 1, and April 2 – all 2022. READ MORE: Boots announces change to Advantage Card points A Sainsbury’s statement explained: “Scratch Meals Ltd is recalling Scratch Chicken & Veggie Tikka Masala with spiced brown rice because it contains a (non-allergen) vitamin and mineral ingredient not listed on the label, which may cause an adverse reaction. “We are asking customers who have purchased this product to not consume it and to return it to their nearest Sainsbury's store where they will receive a full refund. “For any concerns or queries please contact Scratch Meals Ltd on hello@mealsfromscratch.co.uk. “No other Scratch Meals Ltd products are known to be affected. “This recall has been initiated with the best interests of our consumers at heart. We sincerely apologise for any inconvenience caused.” DON'T MISS: Weight loss: Grapefruit contains antioxidant that ‘burns fat faster’ [RESEARCH]Prince Charles leaves Queen Letizia 'awkward’ with kiss on hand [BODY LANGUAGE]Aries weekly horoscope: Star sign to be patient for success in love [INSIGHT] Tesco The supermarket giant has issued a food recall for its Trewithen Dairy Unsalted Butter. This is due to some batches containing high levels of E.coli. E.coli can cause symptoms such as severe stomach pains, diarrhoea, and vomiting. The butter comes in a pack 250g in size and has a best before date of May 23, 2022. Tesco said: “If you’ve bought an affected product, please don’t eat it. “Instead, return it to a Tesco store where a full refund will be given. No receipt is required.” Shoppers can also get more information by contacting Trewithen Dairy Customer Services on 01208 228 700 or Tesco Customer Services on 0800 505 555. No other batches or other Trewithen Dairy products are known to be affected. B&M A food product sold in B&M stores has been recalled because it is thought to be unsafe to eat. Parsons Pickles has issued the recall because some batches of its Pickled Mussels could contain glass fragments. This could cause a serious risk to anyone consuming the mussels. The affected packs are sold only at B&M stores. The mussels come in a pack 155g in size and have a best before date of November 2024. A statement put up in stores selling the mussels said: “If you have bought Parsons Pickled Mussels as detailed above, do not eat. “Instead: Check if you have bought the affected batch code and Best before date of Parsons Pickled Mussels. “You can do this by taking a picture of this notice or writing down the batch code and best before date for reference at home. “Return the product(s) to the store for a full refund (with or without a receipt).”