EastEnders couple Stuart Highway (played by Ricky Champ) and his love Rainie (Tanya Franks) have not had much luck in recent months. Despite fulfilling their dream of becoming parents to baby Roland, Stuart was struck by tragedy when he was diagnosed with breast cancer. Stuart has been trying to come to terms with having an operation to remove the tumour, and he has since been told by his doctor that he needs chemotherapy treatment. In recent scenes on the BBC soap, viewers have watched Stuart as he struggles with the pain in his chest, and despite worrying about becoming addicted to painkillers again, the pills are the thing that is keeping him going. His grandmother Vi Highway (Gwen Taylor) even convinced Stuart to take medication to help with his pain. However, in the upcoming weeks, things are going to go from bad to worse for the dad as he struggles to bond with his newborn baby, Roland. Despite putting on a brave face to Rainie and his grandmother, viewers will see Stuart struggling to connect with Roland leading him to eventually question his love for the baby. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy During Tuesday night's instalment, Stuart began to start pulling away from Roland. Rainie left their son in Stuart's care while she went out to run some errands. However, quick-thinking Stuart made every excuse not to look after Roland and palmed their son off on Vi. As he started to clean the flat, Vi said: "Look at you, I knew you'd start to feel better soon." "Lorraine getting 40 winks?" she asked before Stuart replied: "No, she's just had to pop out, she had a couple of jobs to do." "I told you those tablets weren't so bad, it's no big deal, love," Vi reassured. "It is just until I heal," Stuart insisted. "I've got to start pulling my weight around this flat." "You're still the man of the house," his nan explained. "I've got painkillers all over the house when my hip starts playing up and I'm not an addict, am I?" "I am an addict, nan, it's not the same?" Stuart added as baby Roland started to cry. DON'T MISS...Tipping Point fans 'heartbroken' as major error costs player £20k [REACTION]Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles speaks out on co-star's replacement [INSIGHT]A Place in the Sun's Lee pays tribute co-star after exit  [NEWS] "Could you get that please?" Stuart pleaded before Vi hit back: "For goodness sake, Stuart he's your son, what is the matter with you?" "I dunno," he emotionally admitted. "I am just not sure I can cuddle him knowing that I am under the influence." "I thought your brother was the snowflake," Vi fumed as Stuart asked again: "Please, nan!" Could his clear struggles and lack of attentive nature end up with Stuart turning away from his loved one? For Stuart's upcoming storyline, the BBC soap has worked closely with PANDAS and Mind to ensure it is portrayed as realistically and as sensitively as possible. Discussing the latest storyline, Annie Belasco, Head of the Charity PANDAS, said: “PANDAS Foundation were delighted to hear that EastEnders intended to produce a storyline highlighting postnatal depression in men. "We enjoyed advising the team around the postnatal depression aspect of Stuart's journey which we feel will be relatable to many fathers struggling to bond with their baby. "Postnatal depression in fathers is still a much undiscovered and stigmatised area, which is why it is so imperative that awareness is shared in no doubt that men who may be feeling unwell with symptoms of postnatal depression can seek the support that they need at an early interventional stage. "A full recovery of any low level perinatal mental illness, with the right support is possible.” EastEnders airs weekdays at 7.30pm on BBC One.