Earlier today Mr Johnson, alongside Rishi Sunak and his wife Carrie Johnson, were issued with fines from the Met Police for breaking lockdown rules during Downing Street parties. The PM has stated "it did not occur to him" that the meet-up would be in breach of the lockdown rules. He has confirmed that he has paid the fine from the Met Police. However, despite moral outrage across the country, Mr Johnson has not resigned from his position. Mr Johnson faced widespread calls for his resignation following the Met Police's findings, while a YouGov poll found that over half the population - 57 percent - thinks he should resign. The PM is understood to have been present at six of the at least 12 events being investigated. Mr Johnson said: "I have to say, in all frankness, at that time it did not occur to me that this might have been a breach of the rules. But of course the police have found otherwise and I fully respect the outcome of their investigation." He had previously stated to Parliament and the media multiple times that the Covid guidelines were followed at all times and that having investigated the allegations, was "satisfied" that this was the case.  Do you think the Prime Minister should resign after being fined by the Met Police for breaking his own lockdown rules? Let us know in the comments below. In his statement today, he said: "When I said that I spoke in completely good faith because as I've said to you just now I... at the time that I was standing up for nine minutes in the Cabinet Room where I work every day, it didn't occur to me that, as I say, that I was in breach of the rules. "I now humbly accept that I was. But I think the best thing I can do now is, having settled the fine, is focus on the job in hand. That's what I'm going to do."  Ms Johnson has released a statement revealing that she has now paid her fine, and stating that she did not think she was breaking the law. A spokesman for Ms Johnson said: "Mrs Johnson has paid a FPN relating to a gathering on the afternoon of 19 June 2020. "Whilst she believed that she was acting in accordance with the rules at the time, Mrs Johnson accepts the Met Police’s findings and apologises unreservedly."  The police have announced that they have delivered more than 50 referrals for fines.    At least 30 more fixed penalty notices will be issued by the ACRO Criminal Records Office, the Metropolitan Police said in its latest update on Operation Hillman, which is looking into breaches of Covid regulations. A No 10 spokesman said: "The Met Police have now explained that the FPN issued to the PM will be in relation to the following incident: ‘On June 19 2020 at the Cabinet Room, 10 Downing Street, between 1400 and 1500 you participated in a gathering of two or more people indoors’." The birthday party was reportedly a surprise party for the Prime Minister, organised by his wife and for which the Chancellor was also in the room. Mr Sunak had previously said to Parliament that he did not attend any parties.  Northern Ireland minister Conor Burns previously said Mr Johnson was "ambushed by a cake" at the event, at which up to 30 people are said to have gathered and sung Happy Birthday. The announcement has renewed calls for the full Sue Gray report into the parties to be released. Despite being hamstrung by the simultaneous Met Police investigation, the senior civil servant did manage to highlight a "serious failure to observe" standards for Government, and a drinking culture involving "excessive consumption of alcohol".     Sir Keir Starmer said: "Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak have broken the law and repeatedly lied to the British public. They must both resign. "The Conservatives are totally unfit to govern. Britain deserves better." Ian Blackford has also called for the PM's resignation, arguing that Mr Johnson has "repeatedly lied in Parliament. "He has lost the moral authority to lead."  However, Scottish Conservative leader Douglas Ross has leapt to Mr Johnson's defence, stating that while the public was "rightly furious", and "the behaviour was unacceptable", Mr Johnson shouldn't step down due to the crisis in Ukraine. He said: "In the middle of a war in Europe, when Vladimir Putin is committing war crimes and the UK is Ukraine's biggest ally, as President Zelensky said at the weekend, it wouldn't be right to remove the Prime Minister at this time. "It would destabilise the UK Government when we need to be united in the face of Russian aggression and the murdering of innocent Ukrainians." 