Sue Kent has grown many vegetables and fruits over the year, but there’s one ingredient she’s “never tried to grow before” - mushrooms. The Gardeners’ World presenter took viewers through a step-by-step guide to preparing a patch to grow mushrooms. The variety of mushroom Sue is growing is called Kings Stropharia, also known as Wine Cap mushrooms because of their distinctive rich burgundy colour when they first break through the soil. Sue explained: “Mushrooms like a nice shady area, underneath a tree, would be great, and they like woodchips. “So I’m going to make this my mushroom bed, and I’m going to lay down some cardboard first. “It’s rather like a lasagne, first we’ve got a layer of cardboard, then I’m going to add a layer of woodchip, then I’m going to add the mushroom spawn. READ MORE: Garden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay “And I’m going to repeat this process.” The presenter added: “The mushroom spawn contains mycelium - it’s going to send a network of underground root-like threads, which will eventually send up its fruits, which are the mushrooms. “It’s going to feed off the woodchip and it’s beneficial to the soil. “I put a layer of woodchips on top of the mushroom spawn and then repeat the mushroom spawn and woodchips again. “And the final layer of my mushroom lasagne is some straw.” DON'T MISS...Monty Don: How to weed ‘properly’ to prevent regrowth [VIDEO]Slugs: Protect your garden from pests using ‘homemade’ barrier [GUIDE]Tomatoes: ‘Secret’ to growing ‘tastier’ fruit is down to the soil [FRUIT] Those watching at home heard her say: “I’m making sure the whole bed is no more than two feet deep because I don’t want to starve the mycelium of oxygen. “This straw is going to preserve the moisture, protect the mushrooms and give them a lovely bit of warmth. “Finally, I’ll give them a good soak and to make sure there’s plenty of moisture for the first few weeks, I’ll need to water them quite regularly. “I’ve got to be patient, because these mushrooms can take three to eight months before they start appearing,” Sue revealed. For gardeners who do not have the ground space to grow mushrooms like Sue is, Gardeners’ World recommends growing them undercover “temperature and moisture can be controlled”. “A shed, garage, garden cold frame or cellar will work well – anywhere out of the sun where it’s possible to give mushrooms their optimum growing temperature of around 15°C.” Another way to grow mushrooms is on a log. Growing mushrooms on logs is “easy as the logs need little attention once the dowels are inserted”. The logs do need to be freshly cut and should ideally be “hardwood, not conifers, and cut from healthy wood”. Simply drill holes along the length of the log, then insert the impregnated mushroom dowels fully into each hole. Place the log in a shady spot, under trees or shrubs, with one end on the ground and the other propped up, and ensure it stays moist. Mushrooms can take up to 18 months to appear. Mushroom spawn and dowels are available by mail order from specialist mushroom suppliers and some vegetable seed suppliers. You must buy the right mushroom kit for your needs and space as success depends on providing the perfect conditions for your mushrooms to grow.