Tottenham Hotspur have received an encouraging boost in their hopes of bringing Christian Eriksen back to the club this summer. Eriksen will be available on a free transfer once his short stint at Brentford expires in June and his preference is to remain in London, according to reports. The 30-year-old midfielder is set to sign a permanent deal with his next club after undergoing a remarkable recovery from the cardiac arrest he suffered during Euro 2020 last year. Brentford are in the frame after providing him with the opportunity to return to action amid uncertainty about his future. But earlier this month, the Northern Echo reported that Newcastle United were growing increasingly confident of beating competition from Brentford, Everton and Tottenham this summer. The Magpies and Everton - should they remain in the Premier League - would likely be able to financially out-power the Bees in the race for his signature. However, according to football.london, Brentford and Tottenham could lead the chase as Eriksen would prefer to remain in London beyond the summer. And despite departing Spurs on poor terms with the hierarchy in 2020, he still 'loves the club' and would surely be enticed by the prospect of reuniting with Antonio Conte, whom he left England to play under at Inter Milan. JUST IN: Wolves boss Lage sets Neves price amid Arsenal and United interest The Denmark international has made seven appearances for Brentford since his arrival in January, playing a significant role as the club has steered away from the Premier League relegation zone. He has added much-needed quality to Thomas Frank's side, scoring once and assisting twice as he has completed his comeback to football. The west London outfit's likely top-flight survival could give them a fighting chance in the battle for Eriksen's services this summer. But a call from Spurs and Conte, especially if they have Champions League football on offer, would almost certainly be too challenging to turn down. READ MORE: Newcastle ‘ask’ Real Madrid chiefs about Marco Asensio transfer Tottenham signed Eriksen from Ajax in an £11.5million deal in 2013, and he went on to make 303 appearances for the club across seven seasons. He registered 69 goals and 80 assists in that period and formed memorable attacking connections with thriving duo Son Heung-min and Harry Kane. After the winter addition of Dejan Kulusevski, who is expected to join permanently from Juventus, Conte has switched his 3-5-2 formation to a 3-4-3. So Eriksen's role in his plans would be interesting if he was to complete a romantic return. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.