Erik ten Hag reportedly wants the Manchester United board to be heavily involved in every single transfer to ensure all previous mistakes are avoided when he takes over this summer. While the Ajax manager is yet to have been announced as the Red Devils’ fifth permanent boss since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement, an agreement with the Dutchman is already believed to have been reached. Any announcement on the 52-year-old had reportedly been put on hold so the Amsterdam giants can fully focus on their KNVB Cup Final clash against PSV Eindhoven. However, their 2-1 loss to their fierce rivals could prompt a further update on Ten Hag’s potential move to Old Trafford. And current interim boss Ralf Rangnick, who will step aside and into the boardroom at the end of the current campaign, could have a very firm involvement in the club’s recruitment, if Ten Hag’s wishes are granted. The former Bayern Munich II boss is believed to have laid out a meticulously detailed range of requirements during his interview with United chiefs John Murtough and Darren Fletcher. Ten Hag’s reputation for taking a strong due diligence to every single aspect of a potential move has preceded itself since his days managing Eredivisie side Go Ahead Eagles. And one of these key aspects is believed to be the board’s firm involvement in any potential new signing. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Fabrizio Romano claims Ten Hag has demanded the full cooperation and involvement with the board when it comes to deciding on transfer targets. He states Ten Hag is not looking for ‘full power’ on transfer decisions, but instead wants a significant input and opinion from the United board. Rather than Ten Hag or the United officials dictating the players to be bought, sold, or retained, the Dutchman wants the two parties to be working together, so previous mistakes are learned. The Red Devils’ transfer recruitment has been heavily derided ever since Ferguson’s retirement. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players According to the CIES Football Observatory, United have generated a higher net spend than any other club in world football. Since 2012, the Red Devils have invested €1.075billion (approximately £889m). Unfortunately, their eye-watering investment has only reaped the FA Cup, the Europa League, and the League Cup. The end of the current campaign will also mark the fifth consecutive season since United last won a major trophy. However, Ten Hag’s hopes of inheriting a United side in the Champions League were heavily boosted by the Reds’ 3-2 home victory against Norwich City. Cristiano Ronaldo’s hat trick was enough to secure a vital, but albeit, unconvincing victory against the Premier League’s bottom side. But the three points coupled with Arsenal and Tottenham’s respective defeats to Southampton and Brighton and Hove Albion, means the Reds are now only three points away from the top four.