Better Call Saul is back on AMC and Netflix, with the final outing featuring some explosive moments. In the latest episode titled 'Rock and Hard Place', Nacho Varga (played by Michael Mando) found himself in a sticky situation. The star has opened up about his exit from the Breaking Bad spin-off. The latest instalment of Better Call Saul saw Gus Fring (Giancarlo Esposito) and Hector Salamanca(Mark Margolis) come at Nacho from both sides. Nacho does not appear in the original Breaking Bad series, but he has become one of the most-followed characters. Fans were curious to know what would happen to him after he acted as a double agent for Gus. He also helped with the botched assassination of Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton), which was the last straw. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Cain Dingle discovers he's not Faith's son The Salamanca cartel was on his tail but just when fans thought he would be killed, he turned his gun on himself. Before he died, he revealed to Hector that he was the one to put him in a wheelchair. He took his own life in order to save Gus’ reputation and keep his involvement out of the failed hit on Lalo. Nacho's sacrifice meant Gus would protect his father once he was gone. The star spoke to Variety about when he found out his character was going to die. He said: "I found out the winter before we started shooting. "Peter [Gould], Vince [Gilligan] and Melissa [Bernstein] called me and they told me it’s going to be operatic, larger than life and it was going to break the internet. "I immediately felt a tremendous amount of gratitude and was dialled in on making sure that this character sacrificed himself for the virtue and morality that he aspired to." He said shooting his death scene was an "unbelievable experience". DON'T MISS... Countryfile fertiliser row: Farmer's rage but find way to cut costs [DISCUSSION]Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Gus Fring for surprise romance clue? [THEORY] Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Howard scams Jimmy and Kim [INSIGHT] The actor had to tackle a sand storm on the day of filming, and lightning struck a tree outside his house. He also praised the crew as he was overwhelmed by the support he had received for his character. Fans have also taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the character's dramatic exit. @zoasaoz said: "It was amazing.. tense… Nacho deserves a holiday .. #BetterCallSaul." Trueblue said: "I haven't ugly cried over a TV character in a long time. "I hate Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould rn. #BetterCallSaul nacho (Can't wait for the next episode!)" [Sic] TCruijff shared: "Nacho dies in #BetterCallSaul arguably one of the best character in whole breaking bad franchise." Viewers will now have to wait and see how Saul (Bob Odenkirk) reacts to the news Nacho is gone.  Better Call Saul season 6 airs on AMC and Netflix on Mondays.