 On Sunday, Mr Macron took a convincing victory in the first round of the election, with 27.6 percent of the vote, while far-right candidate Ms Le Pen came second on 23.41 percent. As the vote was counted the incumbent President headed north, where he spent several hours talking to crowds at Denain, a former socialist mining town that was now a far-right stronghold. Meanwhile, Ms Le Pen headed south to Burgundy where she already enjoys support. The run-off is likely to be more eagerly contested than the first round, with Ifop pollster François Dabi claiming the 51 percent - 49 percent projection in Mr Macron’s favour was the closest French election his company had ever predicted. Both candidates need to convince the 49 percent of voters who did not support either of them on Sunday as well as the 25.1 percent who did not vote at all if they want to claim victory in the second round. Mr Macron in particular will be hoping to poach some of the 7.7million voters that backed radical left wing candidate Jean-Luc Mélenchon, who garnered 21.95 percent of the vote on Sunday. Mr Mélenchon, while a Eurosceptic like Ms Le Pen, has urged his supporters not to lend her their votes. Read More: Putin's economy in freefall as Russian Railways crashes into default  Yesterday it was announced that Mr Macron will meet Ms Le Pen in a head-to-head television debate on April 20, during which they will be scrutinised on their manifesto pledges. But what happened in 2017, when 16.5 million viewers tuned in to watch the pair take on one another in the debate? The stage-managed live TV sparring match is a tradition of French election candidates and the format, where the candidates face each other across a table with no studio audience, has not been changed in over 40 years. However, the 2017 debate, which saw Mr Macron and Ms Le Pen repeatedly exchange insults rather than debate policy, was a political first.  In a prolonged two-hours slanging match, Mr Macron branded his rival a “hate-filled” liar who “fed off France’s misery” and would bring “civil war” to the country. In turn, the then National Front (now National Rally) leader called Macron an arrogant, “smirking banker” who was complacent on terrorism and intended to “butcher France” in favour of “big economic interest”. Both candidates accused one another of taking the French public for imbeciles, with Mr Macron at one point delivering a long monologue insisting Ms Len Pen was lying to the people, before adding: “I’m sorry Madame Le Pen; France deserves better than you”. A number of times throughout the debate Mr Macron also mocked Ms Le Pen’s tendency to refer to her notes, while he repeatedly slammed her for “talking nonsense”. Don't Miss:Marine Le Pen win would be better for Brexit Britain – POLL[OPINION]Emmanuel Macron's EU army plans torn apart: 'NATO hard enough!'[INSIGHT]Macron ‘certainly no friend of Britain’ – doubts over benefit to UK[ANALYSIS]  Ms Le Pen lost her cool and snapped back that Mr Macron was “arrogant” and babyish. In terms of policy, when debating jobs ‒ one of the biggest concerns for the French people ‒ Mr Macron told Ms Le Pen: “Your strategy is simply to tell a lot of lies and just to say what isn’t going right in the country.” Ms Le Pen replied that Mr Macron preferred “uncontrolled globalisation” and that he would sell off state assets to the highest bidders. On the topic of terrorism, Ms Le Pen accused Mr Macron of an “indulgent attitude” towards Islamic fundamentalism.  Mr Macron replied that he would be “uncompromising” on terrorism, calling it the biggest issue of the next few years in France, only for Ms Le Pen to retort that the Republic On The Move candidate was lax on Islamism and disregarded secularism. Ms Le Pen also reiterated her plan to ban religious symbols form public places including the Muslim headscarf ‒ a proposal that Mr Macron warned would divide France and lead to “a civil war”. Mr Macron accused his rival of hate-filled speech and added: “The terrorists want there to be division between us.” On the EU, Ms Le Pen, who at the time proposed a referendum on leaving the bloc, said Mr Macron would allow France to be crushed by Germany, and would merely follow the action’s of Berlin.  Ms Le Pen laughed: “France will be led by a woman, either me or Mrs Merkel.” Snap polling by Elabe after the debate found that a clear majority felt Mr Macron had been the most convincing candidate. French media at the time also declared Mr Macron the winner, while Ms Le Pen was widely criticised for her aggression and thought to have been unconvincing. Libération accused Ms Le Pen of “multiplying attacks and provocations” which led to her “avoiding any serious debate”, while BFMTV political editor Ruth Elkrief declared it “not worthy of a presidential election campaign”.