Prince Harry was notably the only senior member of the Royal Family not to attend the Duke of Edinburgh's thanksgiving service at Westminster Abbey last month. The memorial sparked criticism towards the Queen after she was seen being walked to her seat by disgraced second-born son Prince Andrew. Matthew Wright claimed on This Morning the knowledge of the Duke of York's role in escorting Her Majesty inside the church could have influenced the Duke of Sussex's decision not to attend the ceremony. Discussing the Duke of Sussex's upcoming return to Europe, Mr Wright said: "First time in two years and immediately everyone is going, 'why wasn't he at Philip's memorial?' "All I would say is if he knew Prince Andrew was going to walk his grandmother down the line, maybe that's why he didn't want to go to the memorial. "I wouldn't want to go to the memorial under circumstances such as that." Prince Harry last returned to the UK in July 2021, to attend the unveiling of a statue in honour of his mother, the late Princess Diana, at Kensington Palace. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG He faced criticism over his decision not the be reunited with her Queen at the thanksgiving service since it shortly after was confirmed he would travel to The Netherlands to attend the Invictus Games, which he helped create in 2014. A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex earlier this year has suggested the pair would not be returning to the UK over concerns for their family's security. The royal has been embroiled in a legal row with the Home Office after he requested to personally pay for a UK-provided security detail during his stays in the country. Prince Harry is appealing a decision from the Executive Committee for the Protection of Royalty and Public figures dictating he would not receive the "same degree" of personal security when visiting the UK. READ MORE: 'Emotionally needy' Harry 'utterly taken over by Meghan' as 'whole personality changed' The Duke's lawyer, Shaheed Fatima QC, told the court Harry pointed out the UK "is and always will be his home." While Prince Harry and Meghan Markle currently live in the United States with children Archie and Lilibet, they still maintain a residence in the UK, Frogmore Cottage in Windsor. The property is currently being leased to the Duke's younger cousin, Princess Eugenie, and her family. DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry mocked over Netflix crew in Europe [BLOG]Meghan drops Duchess title in Archetypes ‘to rebrand herself' - claim [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Megan Markle told to 'move on with your life' [OPINION] Prince Harry's relationship with his brother and father has been fraught since before his departure from the Royal Family. The Duke and Prince William have been dogged by persistent rumours of a rift since shortly after his marriage to Meghan Markle in May 2018. The brothers briefly reunited at the unveiling of their mother's statue in Kensington Palace, where they could be seen chatting with guests as well as their uncle and aunts. The Duke of Sussex and Duke of Cambridge had previously been spotted speaking to each other as they left St George's Chapel, in Windsor, following the Duke of Edinburgh's funeral in April 2021.