Houseplants have risen in popularity in the last two years, with many people welcoming them into their homes. While each plant needs different care, the majority of indoor plants are easy to care for and will thrive in the right conditions. One expert has shared plants which should be kept in the bedroom, including the peace lily, moth orchid and snake plant. James Folger, founder of the Stem, explained: “Not only have houseplants been proven to reduce stress, anxiety and improve the air quality in your home, but they also help you sleep better too. “Not only do they brighten up the shelves, they have health benefits too. “We don’t often think about how important air quality is to our home. “Paint, insulation and even the furniture can pollute our homes with toxins like formaldehyde and benzene. The right plants can absorb these harmful gasses through the pores of their leaves, a delicate filtering process that helps to clean the air that we breathe everyday.” READ MORE: How to clean a shower cubicle - five things you should always do The expert recommended investing in a plant that unusually goes through photosynthesis at night. During the process, plants absorb carbon dioxide and emit oxygen. James added: "My top choice is the aloe vera, a must have for every bedroom. “This amazing plant is something of a wonder as it photosynthesises and produces oxygen at night, purifies the air by breaking down harmful volatile organic compounds (VOC), and is particularly good at purifying benzene and formaldehyde. DON'T MISS:Monty Don: ‘Now is a good time’ to ‘lift and divide hardy geraniums’ [VIDEO]How to get rid of ‘pesky’ slugs and snails - ‘they will struggle’ [EXPERT]Weeds: 'Very effective' way to get rid of weeds - 'kills everything' [COMMENT] “This plant is known as a succulent, which means it needs very little watering as it maintains moisture within its leaves. Aloe vera is a sun lover, succulents tend to come from the desert, so keep the plant in a sunny place to ensure it stays healthy.” The expert also recommended the agave blue glow for the bedroom as it looks “incredible” as well as photosynthesising at night. James said: “It is compacting, striking, a dense rosette of blue-green fleshy leaves with gold and red teeth running along each edge. “The snake plant, also known as mother-in-law’s tongue, is another succulent that is a natural air purifier, and emits oxygen at night to help you sleep better. “It is an air-purifying superstar too, removing harmful chemicals such as xylene, trichloroethylene, toluene, benzene and formaldehyde. “The piercing sword-shaped leaves, with cream variegated pattern is striking and we love to bunch different variations of snake plant together for aesthetic, as well as maximum air-purifying effects. “The snake plant is a little better at tolerating low light conditions so if your bedroom is a shadier one, the snake plant is for you.” They also need watering very little and are susceptible to being overwatered so keep the soil moist or dry. Another popular houseplant recommended to keep in the bedroom is the moth orchid. A stunning indoor plant that comes in a variety of striking colours, the moth orchid has blooms that can last for long periods. The expert said: “Moth orchids are delicately easy to look after, they crave high humidity and bright indirect light, so an east or west facing bedroom is perfect. “Orchids make fantastic gifts or a planet-friendly alternative to cut flowers as the blooms can last for up to a year, they are also pet friendly. “Rest assured, the moth orchid also releases oxygen at night and is a simply stunning addition to the bedroom.” The peace lily houseplant is an extremely popular houseplant, known for its gorgeous glossy deep green leaves and white flowers. James explained: “Peace lilies are relatively easy to look after and will make a calming impact in your home. “Native to the steamy jungles of Bolivia, peace lilies will thrive in bright indirect light or light shade and high humidity. “Studies have shown that the peace lily can increase room humidity by up to five percent which is great for breathing while asleep.”