The Cambridges' informality and natural ability to connect with youngsters are the key to a thriving monarchy for years to come, former BBC royal correspondent Jennie Bond believes. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have shown their desire to be approachable and to strike a connection with members of the public during their engagements on multiple occasions. Praising this ability of Kate and William, Ms Bond told OK! magazine: "She and William connect with young people in a way that’s vital for the success and future of the crown. "They’ve nailed it and made the monarchy cool." Just recently, during their tour of three Caribbean nations, Kate and William spent much of their time meeting locals lined up to catch a glimpse of them and exchange a few words. Even prior to the beginning of the tour, Kensington Palace stressed the Cambridges wanted to take as much time as possible to meet people of the villages, cities and areas they were visiting. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here Their informal approach to royal work even brought the Cambridges to take a selfie, a move normally considered against royal protocol, with the Jamaican members of the bobsleigh team. Kate in particular is capable of making the people she meets during engagements and walkabout feel special and listened to, according to Ms Bond. And this quality was also held by the Queen Mother, who was well-known for her warmth during royal visits. The royal expert said: "Everyone who spoke to the Queen Mother would say that she gave you the time of day. READ MORE: Eugenie & Beatrice have contrasting marriages - body language "I say the same about Kate. "She gives the impression of being fully engaged and committed to any conversation or engagement, and the Queen Mother was notorious for that." The Queen Mother, who carried on with her royal engagements and visits even after she turned 100, would just "stay and chat to her fans", Ms Bond added. She continued: "She would recognise them and approach the crowd". Ms Bond's remarks came prior to the claim Prince William is planning an overhaul of the role of Prince of Wales. Among the changes reportedly being planned by the Duke, there is a reduction of "stage-managed events". A source, described as close to William, told the Mail on Sunday: "The Duke doesn't like stage-managed events. "When he talks in a speech he wants it to be more natural and credible, an event where he is interacting and reacting to people rather than an event designed around him about what he wants to say. Ms Bond's remarks came prior to the claim Prince William is planning an overhaul of the role of Prince of Wales. Among the changes reportedly being planned by the Duke, there is a reduction of "stage-managed events". A source, described as close to William, told the Mail on Sunday: "The Duke doesn't like stage-managed events. "When he talks in a speech he wants it to be more natural and credible, an event where he is interacting and reacting to people rather than an event designed around him about what he wants to say. Kate and Prince William were last seen in public last Tuesday, when they attended the service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip. The couple headed to Westminster Abbey with their eldest children Prince George and Prince Charlotte, and joined a congregation of more than 1,800 people. The Queen was also in attendance, as were all her children and grandchildren, with the exception of Prince Harry.