Will Smith had an eventful evening (March 20) at the Oscars as he won the award for Best Actor at the star-studded event. But earlier that night, the King Richard actor took to the stage and slapped comedian Chris Rock for making a joke about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith. Jada had shared last year how she had shaved her hair following a battle with alopecia. Following his remark, Will took to the stage and slapped Chris before telling him to not speak his wife’s name. He could be heard shouting from his seat: “Keep my wife’s name out your f***ing mouth.” Denzel, 67, was one of the first people to console Will in the immediate aftermath. READ MORE: 'He was upset' Gemma Atkinson says she 'resented' Gorka touring Will, who faces disciplinary action from the Academy, announced his resignation from the awards body on Friday (1 April). Denzel has since spoken publicly about the events which took place at the awards ceremony for the first time at a Leadership Summit in Washington DC. During the actor's tearful speech for last Sunday, Will told the audience that Denzel issued him a word of caution, saying: “In your highest moments, be careful; that’s when the devil comes for you.” According to reports, Denzel has since confirmed the comments he made to his pal.  “There’s a saying when the devil ignores you, then you know you’re doing something wrong," he explained. "The devil goes, ‘Oh, no, leave him alone, he’s my favourite.’" He added: “Conversely, when the devil comes at you, maybe it’s because he’s trying to do something right. And for whatever reason, the devil got a hold of him that night.” Denzel said that he and Will prayed together after the actor slapped Chris. DON'T MISS... Andrea McLean says Denise Welch got her a gig amid Loose Women exit[LATEST]Estelle Harris dead: Seinfeld and Toy Story star dies at 93[TRIBUTES]A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman tried for another baby[EXCLUSIVE] “Fortunately there were people there, not just me but others. Tyler Perry came immediately right over there with me. Some prayers,” Denzel added to Deadline. “I don’t wanna say what we talked about – but there but for the grace of God go any of us." He added: "Who are we to condemn? I don’t know all the ins and outs of this situation, but I know the only solution was prayer. The way I saw it. The way I see it.” After Will issued an apology to Chris, the comedian said, during his first stand-up show since the incident on Wednesday (30 March), he was “still processing” what happened. The King Richard star has since has issued a statement following his resignation from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences after he smacked Chris Rock at the 94th Academy Awards. The star explained via his representatives that he accepts full responsibility for his actions. He added that his actions were "inexcusable" and that he felt he had betrayed the trust of many, including Chris. The Academy are investigating the incident. 