While current French President Macron had been “focussing on foreign issues”, Fraser Myers, deputy editor of political magazine Spiked said rival Marine Le Pen has been closing up the polling gaps between the pair. Macron neglected domestic issues such as the cost of living crisis, choosing instead to focus on the Ukraine crisis, and as a result has alienated voters who may otherwise have pledged their support. Speaking to GB News, Myers said everything “is in the balance” ahead of the Presidential debate on April 20. The final votes will be cast on April 24 and Macron will have to turn towards domestic issues more emphatically now if he wishes to win over the remaining public. His belated address of these problems has left him “struggling to win over people”, Myers said, and has left many believing Macron is “arrogant”. Myers added, however, that Macron had reason to be focusing on foreign issues, as he was “dealing with the Ukraine crisis”, as well as hosting the European Union presidency, and polling suggests the French public believe he has dealt with Ukraine well. Five years ago, Macron secured a resounding victory over the National Rally leader Le Pen following the second round of the election. Unable to shake the ghost of her father’s preceding leadership of the party, which many found threatening and unrealistic, she stumbled over the facts and failed to mount a strong challenge. Macron took the first round by less than three percent then, but in the second round he drew 66 percent of the vote, obliterating his opponent. But Myers was quick to point out that the situation is different this time around, with Le Pen having used her time since the defeat to convince people of her credibility as a leader. READ MORE: How Le Pen victory would be a nightmare for EU and Germany - COMMENT [OPINION] Le Pen has promoted herself as a champion of “the people” against the elite, personified by the current French President, a former investment banker, and has thus been appealing to the anti-Macron left. She has also focused on domestic issues such as the cost of living for several months, promising tax cuts that would make the average family €200 (£167) a month better off. By ignoring these issues in favour of dealing with Ukraine, Macron may have inadvertently pushed voters towards his opponent’s camp. He will now have to convince voters that Le Pen remains a dangerous far-right candidate still incapable of leading the nation, a goal he began last night by accusing her of wanting to prevent “Jews and Muslims from eating the way their religions stipulate”. DON'T MISS: When will Macron face Le Pen in the second round of voting? [INSIGHT] Macron election 'win' could be meaningless - President's legacy ruined [SPOTLIGHT] Macron to face Le Pen for French presidency - how will it work? [REVEAL] Macron has since said that he will “do everything” to convince voters that he can find a solution to high food and fuel prices. The two candidates will now have to attract the fifty percent of voters who did not back either of them in the first round. In concerning predictions for the current President, the Ifop poll suggested many left-wing advocates will abstain from voting or choose Le Pen over Macron. But a second poll from the same organisation has indicated Macron should emerge victorious by a 51 to 49 percent.