SAS: Who Dares Wins is currently airing on Channel 4 with Mark 'Billy' Billingham, Jason Fox, Rudy Reyes and Remi Adeleke putting the recruits through their paces. This series is the first without former chief instructor Ant Middleton and in an interview with Express.co.uk and other press, Jason addressed his former co-star's exit. In March 2021, Channel 4 announced Ant would not be returning to SAS: Who Dares Wins. Although he was dropped from the British show, he still holds the same role on the Australian version. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other, Jason confirmed there was no aminosty between himself and Ant. He said: "Just as a bit of background, every time we've done the show in the past, we finish the show, and we get on with our lives. Read more: SAS: Who Dares Wins star speaks out on recruits looking for fame "I served with hundreds of blokes I probably keep in touch with about three of them and they’re the blokes I still keep in touch with." At the time of Ant's departure, Channel 4 released a statement explaining the broadcaster's "values" did not align with Ant's. It read: "Following a number of discussions Channel 4 and Minnow Films have had with him in relation to his personal conduct, it has become clear that our views and values are not aligned and we will not be working with him again." Meanwhile, Jason admitted he can't help but judge some of the recruits when he first meets them. He explained: "So because I've been in the military, I always try not to judge a book by its cover because you're always surprised. "It doesn't matter who you are there will be people that you didn't think would make it to a certain stage or beyond that do. "And so I normally go into this pretty blank minded and try and clear my mind of making any judgement. "But there are people still where you can't help but go, ‘That bloke is a clusterfuck and he is not going to f****g make it." DON'T MISSSAS Who Dares Wins fans demand Ant Middleton return [VIDEO]SAS: Who Dares Wins' Jason Fox hits back at requests to be nice [INTERVIEW]SAS: Who Dares Wins star speaks out on Ant Middleton's replacement [INSIGHT] He continued: "We're not allowed to know anything about the people that apply and it adds to the authenticity of the experience. “The minute you see us see them that is the first time we've seen them." “We're not allowed to know anything about them,” Jason said. “Definitely more people will probably be applying each time that this show goes out because it keeps appealing to people. “The first one no one knew anything about it that was an experiment in itself.” “Whereas each time it's become more accessible to people I'm sure more people will keep watching it, it opens up to lots more people because the more diverse they make the cast, it does make it more accessible to more people,” Jason added. In the third instalment of the series, the recruits put their hand-to-hand combat skills to the test. Meanwhile, an elimination test on a 400 metre sand dune proves to be too great a challenge for four of the comrades. SAS: Who Dares Wins continues on Channel 4 on Sunday at 9pm.