David (played by Jack P Shepherd) has been doing his best to keep Max (Paddy Bever) on the straight and narrow in recent months on Coronation Street but his attempts have been fruitless. Not only has Callum Logan's (Sean Ward) son developed a feud with Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard), his attitude towards women has become of great concern to many of his neighbours. Although he hasn't yet hit self-destruct mode, he could finally explode when his stepfather tells him the truth about how his biological father died and this could lead to some deadly consequences on the ITV soap. Callum made his last appearance on the show back in 2015 when he was killed by his former lover and Max's mother, Kylie Platt (Paula Lane). This wasn't out of the blue as she murdered him in defence of Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien), who he was trying to attack at the time. Not wanting any of his loved ones to be arrested for the villain's death, David helped to cover up the crime by burying the body under Gail Platt's (Helen Worth) annexe. When the corpse was eventually found, an investigation began and eventually, the police ruled it was Jason Grimshaw's (Ryan Thomas) father, Tony Stewart (Terence Maynard). As Tony was dead, there was no way he could plead his innocence so the secret went to the grave with Callum and hasn't been spoken about since. READ MORE: 'William and Charles will be furious!' says Carole Malone over Harry However, with Max's behaviour getting worse by the day, David could see more of Callum in him than he could have ever imagined he would. In upcoming scenes, the youngster's stepfather will try to defend his latest actions after the teenager circulates indecent images of Nicky Wheatley (Kimberley Hart Simpson) on social media. But in the privacy of their own home, David will grill Max on why he did what he did and why he thinks it's acceptable. As the two characters get into a heated confrontation, the soap stalwart could end up confessing all his sins and the part he played in Callum's death. Speaking about this, the actor who plays David, Jack, explained it is always something which is on his alter-ego's mind. The actor said: "He always tries to defend Max and I don't know why. "I think it must be something to do with the fact that he's not biologically his and Max doesn't know that he covered up his father's murder. "Then his mum died. He's got Lily, who's David's biological child, but he always tries to do a little bit better for Max because he probably thinks well, he's got no parents." With the soap star mentioning the fact Max doesn't know the truth about his father's death could be a huge hint about the drama which is going to unfold over the next few months. This could bring an end to David's time on the cobbles as Max takes revenge on his stepfather for lying to him for the past seven years. DON'T MISS...Corrie’s Bill Roache admits he ‘really fancied’ Queen when they met [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten posts health update after hospital rush [COMMENT]Rula Lenska health: Star, 74, on the 'difficulty' of hearing loss [COMMENT] Max does have a temper on him and although he didn't have much to do with Callum, it could be the thought of what his life would have been like if his father didn't die. The deceased was a villain who people wouldn't have wanted to know but being his son, Max wouldn't have seen the darkness. With the darkness being inside him as well, Max could have been able to embrace it fully under Callum's guidance rather than being in a dilemma all the time about whether he should be good or bad. David's confession could be the final straw for him and seeing red, he could kill the stalwart and leave his bloody corpse for someone else to find. He will know the police will be all over David's murder but will the suspect he was the one who took his stepfather's life? With David having defended him publicly, no one would think the youngster and his stepfather could have had a barney. Therefore, it could be very likely Max could get away with murder as David did with regard to Callum for so many years. Jack reflected on his character's past and how he was very much like Max when he was younger, causing a whole heap of trouble for his long-suffering mother Gail. Asked if it's nice to be on the other side of the situation now, the actor said: "Yeah, it makes David realise how bad he was as a kid growing up when he didn't think he was. "He just thought he was misunderstood. Similar to what Max is probably thinking now, so it's nice that the shoe’s on the other foot, so to speak." Pondering on whether David regrets his past actions now, Jack said: "Well, he's sort of oblivious as to how he was when he was a kid. "Kirk has a scene with him on the Street, he says something like, well, you were twice as bad when you were a kid, and David is like, no, I was fine! "And Kirk just bursts out laughing, like, as if you were! I think David's just oblivious as to what he was like when he was a teenager. "He’s got a very selective memory," he added but are his days numbered as his deadly secret finally comes to the surface? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.