Channel 5's latest documentary Morecambe and Wise: Look Back in Laughter, took a trip down memory lane for viewers as it delved into the lives and careers of Eric Morecambe and Ernie Wise. The Morecambe and Wise Show was a long-running and hugely popular series in the 70s and featured Britain's most loved comedy duo. However, it wasn't all fun and games for members of the Morecambe family, as his daughter Gail described her childhood as "embarrassing". When speaking about her childhood with brother Gary, Gail admitted as she grew older, she realised her childhood was noticeably different to others around her. She explained: "I am often asked if he is the same at home as he was on TV, the short answer is yes, there was very little difference. "Gary and I growing up, you think everybody's household was like yours, and it isn't until you get to a certain age and you start looking back, and you think good grief ours was a bit different really." Gary revealed: "We got a diluted version of the Morecambe and Wise show because did he have a serious side? READ MORE: Former The Apprentice star lewis ellis talks leaving the show 'Weirdes "Well, it was probably well hidden, I think, I don't remember too many serious moments." Gail admitted: "I can answer in one word what it was like growing up with my father, and that one word would be embarrassing." However, Gary praised his father's work and said: "I think my father was a very charming man, he was fun to be with." Over the years, despite their successful career and friendship on-screen, the duo were often tasked with a host of problems, one of which was their wives never got along. The mutual dislike meant the pair never socialised outside of work, which took a toll on their friendship. Ernie married dancer Doreen Blyth, and Eric married beauty queen and singer Joan Bartlett, which bought a fresh problem to their dynamic. Ventriloquist John Bouchier, who toured extensively with Eric and Ernie in the 1970s, remembered: "The boys never socialised because the wives didn’t get on. "Ernie’s wife thought that he was the star and that Eric couldn’t manage without him, and so consequently, although they were electric on stage, they never mixed," he revealed. DON'T MISS...Morecambe and Wise's wives 'didn't get on' despite double act success [INSIGHT]Eric Morecambe: 'It killed him' - star's family say stress and worr... [LATEST]Ernie Wise's wife's brutal take on Eric Morecambe: ‘Got in way' [WATCH] In 2009, Doreen told an interviewer that when she and Ernie first began dating, Eric was always there, too. "We never could get rid of him, he was always in the way. I used to joke that we’d have to find a girl for Eric, otherwise, we’d be lumbered with him forever." Back in December 2021, a long-lost episode of Morecambe and Wise was broadcast in colour for the first time on Christmas Day. The footage was found by Gary in the attic of his mother's house and was a 45-minute episode that had originally been wiped by the BBC so the expensive take could be re-used. Gary said he was searching for old scripts last year in the attic of the family home in Hertfordshire when he found seven unlabelled canisters. "Six of them had virtually nothing of interest on them, and then the last one, which had part of a BBC sticker on it, had a show which had been presumed as lost," he told BBC News. "But it wasn't [lost], it was there. I didn't realise at that point how far the BBC would go to present it. "That it would then get colourised, which is fantastic, so it's been brought bang up to date. And also what's really good is the quality of the show itself, you can see the embryonic Morecambe and Wise come through." Morecambe & Wise: Look Back in Laughter is available to watch on My5.