Sam (played by Kim Medcalf) made her return to EastEnders during Monday night's edition of the weeknight serial drama but this is just the beginning of a new dawn for the infamous character. Official spoilers of upcoming scenes on the BBC soap will see her go head to head with Kat (Jessie Wallace), some years after she tried to throw Zoe Slater (Michelle Ryan) under the bus for the murder of Den Watts (Leslie Grantham). However, when Phil Mitchell's (Steve McFadden) fiancée makes her stance clear on her rival coming back into the picture, the returning character could make a few calls to get revenge, by framing Kat for another murder she got implicated in. The drama continues at the start of next week as Kat is left shaken when a smoke bomb is thrown into the house she is living in with her young children. Having done some dodgy deeds for Phil since he has been inside, the mother of five knows who is behind the heinous act. Knowing she has a tendency to explode in these types of situations, she tries to deal with the matter calmly but things take another sinister turn. When she receives another road package, she knows she is up to her neck and this isn't the life she wants for her and her kids. Evacuating to the café, she and her cousin, Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) are relieved when they are told it's a false alarm. READ MORE: Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series But the incident makes Kat think twice about why she is in a relationship with Phil and tells Stacey she doesn't think it's worth the stress. Overhearing the conversation between the two women, Denise Fox (Diane Parish) tells them to sort it all out so Sam can leave her and Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) alone. The returning character will have been on Denise and Jack's back since she returned to Walford so they will be happy she can go back to the Mitchells after the whole smoke bomb escapade. With so much on her plate already, the last thing Kat needs is for Ben Mitchell (Max Bowden) to have his two pennies' worth. Trying to rile his stepmother-to-be, he tells her she will never be head of the family and will crumble as everyone else does.  Furious she isn't being taken seriously, Kat lashes out at Sam when the mother of one tells Phil's partner she is moving in with her. However, Kat has other ideas as she throws her out on the street, telling Sam she is the head of the Mitchell empire now. With nowhere else to stay, it seems Sam could be heading back abroad as she feels there is nothing left for her on the Square. Though she might be given a reminder she is not someone who runs away when things get tough and she will find a new determination to take the tile of the head of the Mitchell empire from Kat. To do this, she will have to use some underhand tactics and this could include framing the mother of five for a crime she did not commit. DON'T MISS...Barbarba Windsor heartbreak: Carry On star's emotional photo of actor [PHOTO]June Brown once invited to go clubbing by Lady Gaga after forming bond [COMMENT]Piers Morgan shares heartache over June Brown after Life Stories chat [COMMENT] Away from life in Walford, Sam might have plotted revenge against Aidan Maguire (Patrick Bergin), the criminal who Phil has been asked to hand over information about to the police. A couple of years ago, Phil could have asked his sister to track down the criminal and take him out by whatever means. Following the request to the letter, she could have tracked down Aidan and ordered a hitman to kill him on her behalf. Unfortunately, she knows the police are going to find the body sooner or later and the evidence is going to trail back to the Mitchells. Sam could well think if Kat is wanting to be head of the family so badly, she should deal with the consequences of Aidan's murder. With Phil inside and having no means of killing Aidan, the police could believe his partner would have done it as she wanted revenge for her husband to be. Kat would plead her innocence, telling the authorities she has been set up and has no idea about Aidan being murdered. Unfortunately, she doesn't have the best reputation and the police might not buy the tale she is spinning, although it's the truth. As Sam gives her a cheeky grin as she's carted away, Kat would know exactly who has framed her for the murder. But can she convince the police it was Sam who arranged the conman's death or will she find herself serving time behind bars? This would give Sam precedent to take the crown and become the head of the Mitchell family once more, much to the dismay of her nephew Ben and Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean). Viewers have already been reacting to Sam's return, with Ben writing: "Even though I knew it was coming, I still did a little squeal when Kim Medcalf appeared as Sam Mitchell!!! #EastEnders." Vish added: "Good to see Kim Medcalf back as Sam Mitchell in #Eastenders." Michelle commented: "I'm so very happy Sam Mitchell is finally back. I haven't been this excited for an @bbceastenders return since Janine Butcher came back #Eastenders." Walford Weekly Podcast remarked: "Here she is! Imagine if we didn’t know about the return though, this moment would have been epic! Still great to have Sam back on the Square!" EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday at 7:30pm on BBC One.