The alcoholic drinks producer, responsible for brands including Stella Artois, Corona and Camden Town, is facing full strike action after union workers at its Lancashire site backed industrial action. The union said Budweiser’s final offer of a 3 percent pay rise for the coming year was a “real terms pay cut”. Unions have been urging employers to increase wages in line with the expected rise in inflation this year, to combat the effects of the cost of living crisis. As inflation is anticipated to peak under 8 percent this year, those on the same salary as last year would be, in real terms, worse off as the same figure is worth less. Commenting on the announcement of industrial action, Gary Smith, general secretary of GMB, said today: “Times are tough. “Nobody wants a beer drought this summer, so it’s time for Budweiser to get real on pay.” READ MORE: Binmen strikes hit highest level in 40 years According to sister title BusinessLive, a total of 225 GMB members working at Budweiser’s plant in Samlesbury will begin industrial action on May 11. This will consist of an overtime ban, workers not engaging in training or face-to-face handovers. GMB added its members also support full strike action, said to be the first time Budweiser workers will have gone on strike, the dates of which are still to be confirmed. The union claimed that after “months of discussion”, the UK arm of international drinks giant ABInBev gave a full and final offer of a 3 percent increase in 2022 and 2023, as well as an increase in overtime rates. GMB organiser Stephen Boden said: “This industrial action is a result of Budweiser brewing groups management making a frankly insulting pay offer. “They are choosing to ignore workers and put profit before people with this derisory pay offer. “Workers are rightly angry and if this strike goes the distance Budweiser could face a summer beer drought. “How can they expect hard working staff to accept a real terms pay cut? DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Putin urged to bomb 'totally boorish Britain' [REPORT] Russian troops admit '25,900 dead' after 2 months of war in phone call [REVEAL] Germany sparks EU outrage over plan to pay for gas in rubles [REACTION] “But it’s not too late for management to listen to workers and get back round the table with us to work out a fair deal.” One of Budweiser’s “10 principles” for where it wants the company to be reads: “Great people, allowed to grow at the pace of their talent and compensated accordingly, are the most valuable assets of our company.” According to the Lancashire Telegraph, a spokesperson for Budweiser said the company “has a positive and long-standing relationship with the GMB, however despite open and comprehensive negotiations with the GMB, industrial action has been voted for at our Samlesbury brewery. “Our people are our greatest strength, and as such we are proud to offer a competitive package – in the 90th percentile for total compensation – with benefits that include private medical cover and bonuses. “We’ve made significant investments in Samlesbury which have resulted in further innovation and automation, additional skills development, promotions and many new job opportunities. “Over recent years we have increased our headcount by over 65. “We are hopeful that through a continued open dialogue we can still reach a mutually acceptable way forward which will avoid industrial action. “The teams have plans in place to minimise the impact on customers.” Budweiser has around a thousand employees across three breweries in the UK – in Magor, Wales; Samlesbury; and in Enfield in North London – as well as their London headquarters.