The video shows a young William shouting at his baby brother Harry, sending royal fans into a frenzy as they compared him to the star of the viral hit ‘Charlie bit my finger’. In the video Prince Charles was holding onto baby Harry at the time who was seen patting William on the head, pulling his hair and hitting his head with his feet.  William can be heard shrieking: "Harry noooooo. Owwww Harry! Harry, stop it!" Prince Charles tried to keep control of the situation by moving baby Harry around. At the same time the cameras from watching photographers were flashing making the situation even more awkward for Prince Charles. One fan wrote: "Harry noo and Charlie bit my finger vibes”, with this comment receiving 74 likes.  Another added: "Charly [sic] bit my finger and it hurts.” Another fan commented: "Harry sure was giving Charles a run for his money. Love William complaining about his brother.” One royal fan simply said: “Adorable.” Vinpris12 commented: “Young prince William has his mom's dialect. How cute. Young English boy.” READ MORE: Prince Harry 'refuses to bend' on Camilla title Charles.west.1612 added: “Harry sure was giving Charles a run for his money. Love William complaining about his brother.” Black.alison said: “Aww I love this as videos we often see are with Diana. Such a good Father.” The 'Charlie bit my finger' video was a 2007 internet sensation where a young boy called Harry put his finger in his younger brother Charlie's mouth. His shocked reaction "Charlie bit me. And that really hurt" captivated online audiences. DON'T MISS:  Royal Family LIVE: Harry faces 'stumbling block' repairing rift  [REVEAL] Queen makes subtle nod to Kate and William's wedding anniversary [INSIGHT] Kate Middleton’s wedding tiara was almost shunned  [SPOTLIGHT]  William was born on June 21 1982 in St Mary’s Hospital in London, a week after the end of the Falklands War. His names William Arthur Philip Louis were announced by Buckingham Palace on June 28. He was baptised by the then Archbishop of Canterbury Robert Runcie in the music room at Buckingham Palace on August 4, which happened to be the Queen Mother’s 82nd birthday. William’s first trip overseas was to Australia and New Zealand in 1983 when he was only nine months old. He was known as “Wills” informally within the family and as “wombat” by his mother Diana. Prince Harry was at the same hospital as his brother on September 15 1984. 