A chair used by Lewis Hamilton on a sponsor's trip to Malaysia has sold for over £500 online. The plastic stool was listed as “authentic” and “very rare” on the online platform Shopee. The seller was listed as Lima Bintage Auto Parts who are providers of parts for road cars. They claim the stool was wrapped up immediately to “retain the freshness” of the seven-time champions “butt prints”. On the site, the chair was also described as “the former seat of the world racer Lewis Hamilton”. The site allowed buyers to pay the £519.50 (RM 2,888.88Y) upfront or as six monthly instalments. The item was soon listed on the site as being sold out but details on the buyer are unknown. The stool was used by Hamilton on a trip organised by Petronas to shoot a new TV advert. READ MORE: Helmut Marko compares Max Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton's deal Hamilton hasn’t visited Petronas' Kuala Lumpur home for two years and was keen to show his new team-mate around. Posting on Facebook, Petronas said: "Welcome home to Kuala Lumpur. We were visited by Lewis Hamilton in our beautiful city after more than two years apart, and he showed George Russell around for the very first time.” Hamilton’s Mercedes team also revealed the Brit had met with teachers on his trip. The Silver Arrows posted pictures of the Briton laughing as he was quizzed. They also released images of him and team-mate Russell posing for a new TV advert in a Malaysian petrol station. They said: “What a day with PETRONAS! DON'T MISSMika Hakkinen makes assessment on Lewis Hamilton and George Russell [INSIGHT]Hamilton's 'difficult position' comment explained by Mercedes engineer [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton risk pays off after 'painful' pre-season decision [COMMENT] “Starting out with the ultimate STEM experience at Petrosains with Yayasan PETRONAS. 30 teachers had the chance to quiz Lewis, aiming to remind them that potential lies in every student in their classroom. Before rounding up the afternoon by filming some special content with PETRONAS Brands. Stay tuned to see what’s coming!” Hamilton won the Malaysian Grand Prix in 2014 en route to securing his second world title. But, the Mercedes driver has also faced his share of bad luck at the Sepang International Circuit after suffering an engine blowout in 2016. His retirement was one of the main reasons why he eventually lost the crown to Nico Rosberg that season. Malaysia last hosted an F1 race in 2017 but there have been rumours Sepang could yet return to replace the cancelled Russian Grand Prix.