Carlos Alcaraz's coach has admitted the 18-year-old has "lost respect" for Rafael Nadal after bouncing back from his narrow loss to the world No 3 in Indian Wells by making the Miami Open final. The world No 16 is now the second-youngest ATP finalist in the tournament's history behind Nadal and could become the youngest champion by winning on Sunday. Alcaraz has been one of the most consistent players of the season so far, winning the title in Rio and losing just two matches so far. His second and most recent loss came to Nadal in the Indian Wells semi-final, where the world No 3 just managed to edge out his young successor 6-4 4-6 6-3 in a dramatic match that lasted more than three hours. While it was a crushing loss for the 18-year-old, coming so close to beating his idol, Alcaraz has managed to bounce back from the tough defeat by making his maiden Masters 1000 final at the very next tournament. He also became the youngest man ever to reach back-to-back semis in Indian Wells and Miami, and this time managed to make it one step further by beating defending champion Hubert Hurkacz 7-6(5) 7-6(2). Now a winning machine, the world No 16's coach has admitted he no longer has the "respect" for Nadal that makes the 21-time Major champion appear unbeatable. Speaking to El Partidazom, former world No 1 Juan Carlos Ferraro explained the winning mentality that his charge has built, allowing him to relish the chance to face Nadal. JUST IN: Raducanu rise 'enticed Sky Sports to outbid Amazon' for US Open rights  The 2003 French Open champion said Alcaraz "has developed a winning mentality, starting with the way in which he assimilates defeats today." Explaining that the teenager's way of dealing with losses helped him win more, Ferrero added: "A while ago the frustration was greater, but the Murcian is maturing at unsuspected levels." And he pointed to Alcaraz's recent loss to Nadal as an example, admitting that the 18-year-old was no longer starstruck by facing one of his idols and a great of the sport. "Before he was more intimidated by him. Now he has lost respect for him in a good way," Ferrero admitted. "He is capable of playing one to one and feels capable of beating him." DON'T MISSSwiatek defeats Osaka in Miami final to complete 'Sunshine Double'Jannik Sinner beats Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic recordMedvedev has surgery and could miss French Open and entire clay season    Ferrero also revealed that he and Alcaraz were hoping the world No 16 would get another chance to face Nadal on clay, notoriously his most successful surface. The teenager's first match against Nadal came at the Madrid Masters last year on Alcaraz's 18th birthday and he lost 6-1 6-2 to the 'King of Clay'. "Now I want to see Alcaraz play against Nadal on clay and see what happens," the former world No 1 said after sharing Alcaraz's "loss" of respect for the elder Spaniard. "He has always played on that surface, and it is where he feels most comfortable and where he can best deploy your game. Until a year and a half ago he hadn't played on the hard court." The two-time title winner will now get a chance to win his first title on a hard court, with his previous trophies coming in Umag and Rio.