Jebina Yasmin Islam said she and her sisters are now terrified of walking the streets alone after Sabina was murdered at random by a sadistic sex killer. Primary school teacher Sabina, 28, was battered and strangled by Koci Selamaj, 36, as she walked through a park in Kidbrooke, south London.      Last week, Selamaj was jailed for a minimum of 36 years at the Old Bailey after admitting the horrific murder. Jebina told ITV’s Good Morning Britain: “It is all surreal. It feels like a bad dream we are going through. “It is heartbreaking. You would never have thought your young, 28-year-old sister would be so brutally taken away. “If she had been ill, we would have had some time to spend with her, make memories. “But her life was taken away without a second thought and out of nowhere.” She added: “It has impacted us a lot. Myself, my sisters, we’re scared to walk the streets alone now, also given the time of day.” Selamaj, who worked as a pizza delivery driver, picked Sabina at random as she walked through Kidbrooke’s Cator Park last September. He had never even been to the district before, the court heard. Although there was no evidence of sexual assault, Selamaj stripped Sabina of her underwear. Police and prosecutors have no doubt there was a sexual motive behind the murder.  The killer split up from the wife he had brutalised during their brief marriage. Hours before, he attempted a reconciliation by suggesting they had sex in his car. Primary school teacher Sabina, who was adored by her pupils, normally avoided walking through the park on her own at night. But she had arranged to meet a friend for a drink and was running late. Selamaj, of Eastbourne, East Sussex, was branded a coward by his victim’s family for refusing to attend the two-day sentencing hearing at the Old Bailey last. They believe he should now stay behind bars for the rest of his life. Good Morning Britain co-host Richard Madeley asked Jebina: “Can you tell us what plans your sister had for her future? What was her life scheduled to be like?” Jebina tried to answer but was overcome with emotion and broke down in tears. Madeley quickly comforted her saying: “Of course, of course, it’s quite all right.” Co-Founder of The Sabina Project, Kareema Motala, who was sat beside Jebina, jumped in to answer the question and said: “I think the headteacher said that she had the possibility of becoming a headteacher one day and really implementing and changing the lives of young children.” Jebina welcomed the support of Clive Efford, Labour MP for Eltham, south London, and Greenwich Council but described “higher up people” as “useless.”  She told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme yesterday: “They’ve not said nothing. Priti Patel has done a tweet on Friday and I was not happy about it because all of a sudden she’s using my sister’s name for publicity reasons. “And to be honest she has no right.” Jebina said her sister’s death did not get as much publicity as the murder of Sarah Everard who was kidnapped, raped and strangled by a serving police officer last March. She said: “My sister didn’t get as much headlines, I feel, at the start. Maybe, was it down to her ethnicity?” she said. “She didn’t get the front pages on some of the papers, and in Sarah Everard’s case she did. I think it’s just down to our ethnicity, to be honest. “And I feel like if we were a normal British white family we would have been treated equally, I guess.” Asked about Selamaj not attending his sentencing, Ms Islam said: “I was frustrated. We were like, ‘He is such a coward, not facing up to what he has done’. “It made me angry because I wanted him to hear our impact statement to show how much hurt he’s caused my family.” Asked if judges should have the power to force defendants to attend sentencing hearings, she said: “Definitely. I think it’s so important, the fact that they should be able to make the murderer, the perpetrator, come into court and listen.” 