After marrying Prince Harry and becoming a member of the Royal Family in 2018, Meghan Markle built up a portfolio of royal patronages close to her heart. Meghan is famed for her love of animals, and it was announced in 2019 that an animal welfare charity, Mayhew, would become one of the Duchess of Sussex's first patronages. But three years later, Meghan now resides full-time in the US with Harry and their two children Archie and Lilibet, and she has decided to end her patronage of Mayhew.  The charity wrote in a post on Twitter that it had been "an incredible privilege" to work with the Duchess of Sussex since 2019. In a heartfelt statement, Meghan wrote: "Though my time as patron of Mayhew has come to a close, my unwavering support has not. "I encourage each of you to support in whatever way you are able. The emotional support of a rescue animal is unparalleled - as you’ll soon realize: it is not you who saves them, it is they who save you. "To the Mayhew community, thank you for entrusting me as your patron. It has been an honour."  READ MORE: Meghan cuts final ties to UK as Duchess opens up in loving statement Meghan's departure from Mayhew is one of many goodbyes the Sussexes have made since leaving their working royal roles behind. It was confirmed last year that Meghan and Harry would not be returning to royal duties, and they would subsequently be returning several of their royal patronages to the Queen. Buckingham Palace said in a statement: "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have confirmed to Her Majesty the Queen that they will not be returning as working members of the Royal Family. "Following conversations with the Duke, the Queen has written confirming that in stepping away from the work of the Royal Family it is not possible to continue with the responsibilities and duties that come with a life of public service. "The honorary military appointments and royal patronages held by the Duke and Duchess will therefore be returned to Her Majesty, before being redistributed among working members of the Royal Family."   Harry lost many honorary military titles after leaving his working royal role behind, including Captain General of the Royal Marines, Honorary Air Force Commandant of the Royal Air Force Base Honington, or Honorary Commodore-in-Chief of the Royal Naval Commands’ Small Ships and Diving The Duke also relinquished his position as President of The Queen's Commonwealth Trust, and Meghan lost her role within the organisation as Vice President. Several of Harry's sporting patronages were also returned to the Queen, including his roles as royal patron of the Rugby Football Union (RFU) and the Rugby Football League (RFL). Harry's patronage of the London Marathon Charitable Trust was also not renewed in 2021. Meghan also lost her roles as royal patron of the National Theatre and the Association of Commonwealth Universities. Kate, Duchess of Cambridge was announced as Harry's replacement as royal patron of the RFU and the RFL earlier this year. And last month it was announced that Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall would take on Meghan's patronage of the National Theatre, adding to the Duchess' already-broad portfolio of arts and theatre causes.  DON'T MISS:Huge coup for Sophie Wessex as popularity surges [INSIGHT]Royal Family ranked: New data shows most and least popular royals [EXPLAINER]Princess Madeleine of Sweden's Art Deco engagement ring is worth £150K [PICTURES] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have kept several of their personal patronages since leaving their senior roles. As the founder of the Invictus Games, Harry has kept hold of this cause along with several other patronages and presidencies, including African Parks and Dolen Cymru. Harry also remains involved with the Henry van Straubenzee Memorial Fund, MapAction, Rhino Conservation Botswana charity, Sentebale, and WellChild.  Meghan was able to keep her patronage of the animal welfare charity Mayhew, which she has recently left. Meghan also kept her patronage of Smart Works, an organisation that helps women succeed in job interviews, and it is understood she remains the initiative's patron. Despite now living in the US, it was reported last year that Meghan wrote a series of thoughtful notes for clients of the UK-based charity. 