Sophie, Countess of Wessex married Prince Edward on June 19, 1999, wearing a stunning sparkler from Garrard, a firm favourite jeweller of the Royal Family. The central stone features a mesmerising 2ct oval diamond, flanked by two smaller heart-shaped diamonds. Jaimie Mackey, a wedding reporter for Brides, said: “The silhouette of the ring is totally classic, and those heart-shaped stones are a sweet, romantic addition.” It is a unique ring in many ways, with alternative stones such as rubies and sapphires becoming more popular in engagement rings for the Royal Family. Princess Diana received a huge 12ct Ceylon sapphire ring from Prince Charles in 1981. READ MORE: The Queen's £66.3m necklace had Kate 'positively dripping in diamonds' But in many ways Sophie's ring is not a far cry from the other Royal Family engagement rings we all know and love. Where it was bought echoes the origin of Kate Middleton's ring. The style of the ring is also similar to that of Meghan Markle's. Sophie's diamond sparkler was purchased at Garrard, as was Diana's. This shows the similarities between the ring of Sophie and Kate, as Diana's now sits on Kate's finger. FFor a reported £47,000, anybody could have purchased the bride-to-be's engagement ring at the time. Another royal ring that Sophie's resembles is Meghan Markle's diamond sparkler. Fitted with a large central diamond and flanked by two smaller ones, Meghan's is also a trilogy ring. Sophie's 2ct oval diamond is flanked by two 0.4ct diamonds. These are the most heartfelt aspect of the design. The ring is set in classic white gold. It is unsurprising that it has a six-figure price tag, worth an eye-watering £105,000. Regarding the style, Head of Design at 77 Diamonds Charlotte White commented: "Traditionally the three central diamonds are said to represent the couple’s past, present and future, making it a very romantic and meaningful choice of design." Jewellery expert at Brilliance said: "The oval shape diamond is distinctive and organic. "Not quite a simple circle and lacking the harsh-lined pointedness of an edge, the oval stands as a sign of uniqueness and a zest for life." Interestingly, they added: "The oval is an outward sign of fertility and a prosperous marriage. If you both want children, use the oval to symbolise a future family." The pair have two children, Lady Louise Windsor, born in 2007, and James Viscount Severn, born in 2003.