NBC streamers could be in for a Carisi focused episode when Law and Order SVU returns for its 21st episode. A huge spoiler revealed the Assistant District Attorney could be forced to make a tough decision after an old face makes a surprise appearance.  Dominick Carisi Jr (Peter Scanavino) was first introduced to fans in season 16 when Captain Olivia Benson (Mariska Hargitay) put in a request for an “experienced, empathetic detective.” This was before his role as ADA, as he was transferred to the precinct after Nick Amaro (Danny Pino) was demoted to patrol officer. He initially butted heads with Benson and the rest of the team as his argumentative attitude brushed them the wrong way, but it proved to be beneficial when interrogating suspects. Viewers have since got to know more about Carisi’s personal life through insightful episodes and it looks as though there could be more on the way. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy Fans will remember the season 16 episode titled ‘Decaying Morality,’ which focused on his niece Jenna Davis (Hayley Lu Richardson). The team were called into the investigation after she had been raped, the episode then took a dark turn when it was revealed her uncle Dr Neil Alexander (Paul Adelstein) did so while she was unconscious. Not only were two families torn but Carisi was so filled with rage that he almost broke Alexander’s hand. Thankfully, fans will soon get to find out more about the ADA’s childhood after TV Line unveiled an inside scoop. After answering a fan’s question, the source revealed: “I am hearing that this season’s 21st episode will test Carisi’s faith when a childhood friend, who later became a priest, turns up as a suspect.” As an Assistant District Attorney, Carisi's role meant he represented the state government in investigating and prosecuting individuals alleged to have committed a crime, on behalf of the district attorney. With his childhood friend returning to his life as a suspect, he could be faced with a tough decision when it comes to prosecution. The episode could likely see Carisi become flooded with memories and he could believe the friend is innocent as they have become a priest, however, evidence could outweigh sentimentality. DON'T MISS...Tipping Point fans 'heartbroken' as major error costs player £20k [REACTION] Law and Order SVU season 23 return confirmed with Garland's comeback [INSIGHT]Law and Order SVU: Viewers in a frenzy after Benson goes undercover [REACTION] This could also be an insightful episode for viewers to learn what Carisi was like as a youngster and reveal what memories he shared with the priest. In the past, he had shared a little about his childhood but revealed he had been bullied. In season 18’s ‘Great Expectation’ Carisi had informed a young suspect he was once pushed through a glass window and the bully asked him to stay quiet, which he did out of fear the bully would come back for him. Carisi revealed he regretted not speaking up after he learned the bully had killed someone and was serving time in Rikers. Fans will soon be able to tune into the episode as it is expected to land on screens on Tuesday, May 12. This is likely to be a significant episode as it will air the week before the season 23rd finale, which fans are eagerly awaiting. Although many fans may not want to accept their favourite series is drawing to a close, many Law and Order SVU viewers are looking forward to the finale as it will see the return of Raul Esparza as Barba. Law and Order SVU is available in the USA on NBC. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 