BBC Newsround has been the world's longest-running children's new programme and is celebrating its 50th birthday. The show was initially commissioned for just six weeks but soon became a hit with viewers. Over the years, there have been many presenters who have joined the show and broadcast the most important news stories in a way the younger generation would be able to understand. Lizo Mzimba has been one of the long-standing presenters on the show and opened up about his most embarrassing moments, which happened to him live on air. Speaking during the 50th birthday event to Express.co.uk and other press, Lizo was joined by fellow presenters Hayley Hassell and Ellie Crisell. When asked what they thought was their most embarrassing moments on TV were, Ellie was quick to point out one iconic moment of Lizo's. Ellie commented: "What was the one where you were reporting from a hurricane, and your hood kept going off on, off on?" Laughing at the thought of the incident, he began to explain: "Here's what happened, the guilty parties may be in the room! READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... "But we had a weather report coming in that there was a massive hurricane that was going to hit the east coast of America, so we said, 'Oh, that's a big story!' "And then somebody said, 'Let's get Lizo to stand in the middle of it, so I ended up going there and doing this live report as this hurricane was hitting. "I was obviously wearing the hood to make sure that I didn't get too wet, and the equipment didn't get wet, and it just kept going back and forwards. "I could hear them laughing when you have an earpiece in, so you can hear them talking in the gallery back in London where they can do all the bits and pieces and technical stuff. "But I could just hear them dissolving in complete laughter right the way through, and it's somewhat off-putting when you are standing in 90mph winds. "We fought through it, but it's not my finest moment, and it was a mess!" Containing her laughter, Ellie added: "It is available on Youtube, I can find it for you!" Lizo soon remembered another moment from his days presenting on the show and said: "I have just been reminded of another one! DON'T MISS...Newsround at 50: Where are the original hosts now? [INSIGHT]Newsround: Presenters past and present look back on iconic kids' show [LATEST]John Craven recalls ‘barricading’ Newsround studio to ‘avoid’ fallout [WATCH] "There are things you should do when you are a presenter, and you should always have notes with you, and you should always have a glass of water with you in case you get a bit of a cough. "Now I took my notes in, and I was doing a bulletin for the CBBC channel, and I forgot to have a glass of water, and I got a tickle in my throat. "It was a two-minute bulletin, and it felt like three hours, I got about two sentences out and just spluttered, coughing and apologising all the way through. "For the best part of the bulletin, I don't think it read properly, so again, not my finest moment!" Ellie once again revealed the clip from the show was available to watch on Youtube before skipping over her embarrassing moments. The show first began in 1972, and original presenter John Craven revealed how proud he was to have been a part of the show's making. He told BBC: "It is such an honour for me to have started it, I'm terribly proud that it's still an important part of national life. "We had to be dealing with serious news, news we thought the children should know about. [But also] news that we thought they wanted to know about. "We honed in on sport, and hobbies, and school stories. Space, adventure wildlife. All these kind of areas that children were interested in we had on Newsround." Newsround airs every day from 7:45am on CBBC.