The ammunition hub, in the Belgorod region, was reportedly hit by Ukrainian assets and can be seen on fire through images captured shortly after the incident. Further attacks were also suspected with reports of explosions in the regions of the Voronezh and Kursk. Ukraine has not confirmed the strikes - but video appears to show anti-air missile being fired in the area.   The explosions are near the border of Ukraine and should it be confirmed as a Ukrainian strike, could be one of the first hits on Russian territory by Kyiv. Russian forces have advanced to eastern Ukraine following a retreat from northern and central parts of the country in what Russian President Vladimir Putin is calling stage two of his "special operation." The town of Belgorod is located about 50 miles from Kharkiv, Ukraine’s second-largest city of over more than 1 million people. The Russian regional governor, Vyacheslav Gladkov, said on his Telegram channel that the explosion took place at around 3:35 am local time and caused him to be awoken. The governor later learned the explosion had come from an arms depot being hit. Writing in his Telegram post, he said: "There is no destruction of residential buildings, houses. "There were no casualties among the civilian population." British Defense Minister James Heappey said on April 26 that Ukraine has the right to carry out strikes on Russian territory. He said strikes on supply lines are a “legitimate” part of war. READ MORE:Chinese drone giant DJI calls off business in Russia  There have also been further reports of Ukrainian forces daring into Russia on a more regular basis. In Kursk there were unconfirmed reports that Russian air defences had downed Ukrainian military drones. Explosions were heard in the cities of Kursk and Oboyan, while locals heard the military planes flying over Oboyan. Ukraine has yet to engage with Russia in the same way Moscow has with Kyiv. DON'T MISS:The world must get involved to end Ukraine conflict [EXCLUSIVE]US spy uploads secret file to work from home [REVEAL]Police urgently search for missing Katie Kenyon [REPORT]  As the war enters the third month of conflict, Ukraine has reached out to the West asking for more weapons as quickly as possible. President Volodymyr Zelensky yesterday met with US Secretary of State Anthony Blinken and Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin to discuss the current situation. Speaking to the press after the meeting, Mr Austin stated he wanted to see a "weakened" Russia in the future. He said: "We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can't do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine. "So it has already lost a lot of military capability. "And a lot of its troops, quite frankly. "And we want to see them not have the capability to very quickly reproduce that capability." In another move, Russia is ramping up its pressure on Europe over energy supplies. Russia has announced it will suspend gas supplies to Poland. In a statement, state energy company Gazprom said: "Gazprom has completely suspended gas supplies to Bulgargaz (Bulgaria) and PGNiG (Poland) due to the absence of payments in roubles. "Payments for gas supplied from 1 April must be made in rubles using the new payments details, about which the counterparties were informed in a timely manner."