I have my own theory as to why we see so much violence in the cities and even in the towns and villages today, and I believe this violence is caused by a deterioration in the manners that used to be instilled into us daily and were essential at home, school or work. The importance of manners was also essential in everyday life, but manners have been slowly disintegrating everywhere, to the point where manners have now largely disappeared.  In a Karate Dojo (training hall) there is a set form of manners or etiquette that all students adhere to, and one learns to respect the venue and all of the people in the club. It is not surprising that those who genuinely learn Karate and study diligently are rarely involved in any real violence or fighting in the streets because manners and respect are learnt from day one. It is quite amazing to see children take so easily to the discipline and actually enjoy the learning and practice of the Karate ‘manners.’ In a world that has largely disappeared, we would hold the door of a shop open for someone who may be struggling to enter or leave carrying shopping. As children we would sit down at the dinner table and listen to the conversation without interrupting. If we were outside and in a crowded place, we would say ‘excuse me please’ if we wanted to pass other people. If we saw an elderly or disabled person trying to cross a road, we might say ‘excuse me, would you like any help?’ Teachers in school were referred to Miss or Sir, and when the school bell rang and it was time to go home, we had to sit and wait until the teacher told us to stand, and only then, could we leave the classroom. Lateness was considered rudeness and a failing of the individual child or adult. These examples and many more can never be returned to, but there can be a way to consider others in a kind and respectful way. The violence we see everywhere today is largely a lack of respect for the feelings of others, as the lack of manners has largely taken away the consideration we used to have for other peoples’ feelings and other peoples’ property.  In the Karate class we bow when we enter or leave the dojo. If one is late, they must kneel and wait to be invited into the class. We bow to each other when working in pairs, and that respect pays dividends as youngsters start to learn respect for others as they themselves learn Karate ‘manners.’ It would be quite easy for schools to introduce a new form of manners which would help greatly when a student leaves and goes to work. Discipline and respect could be introduced and there could be tests for students to see their classmates grasping or failing to understand the practical benefits of these 21st Century manners. Started at a young age, children would soon get used to the idea of manners and may even go home and introduce their parents to the value of manners. Children can themselves, be great educators, if we give them the guidance. 