Chris Kamara’s famous friends and fans have rallied around him after he announced that he is leaving Sky Sports after 24 years. After Kammy revealed all in a statement earlier today, Piers Morgan was one of the first to express his sadness that the star would no longer be appearing on the channel. Piers tweeted: “The greatest ever pitch-side pundit, and an absolutely lovely man. “Very sad day. Thanks for all the laughs, Kammy” Chris’ former Sky Sports colleague Bryan Swanson also said: “All the very best Kammy. Was brilliant to work with you. Best wishes for the future! Legend.” While Jamie Carragher echoed: “Sky Sports Legend!” READ MORE:Michael Douglas 'broke down in tears' as Debra Winger BIT him  Former professional boxer Tony Bellew wrote: “Well done Kammy! #Irreplaceable.” And referee Mark Halsey added: “You will be sorely missed pal, always valued your honest opinions when you were reporting on the games that I was officiating at.” Chris confirmed his exit in a statement to his 1.8 million Twitter followers after it was confirmed on Sky Sports this afternoon. He wrote: "After 24 years at Sky Sports we have announced my departure. DON'T MISSVictoria Beckham says David 'can't get enough' as he's caught staring[LATEST]Karen Hauer and Luba Mushtuk stun in bikinis as they shower together[PICTURES]Victoria Beckham speaks out as husband David achieves his 'dream'[INSIGHT] "I have loved every minute & the memories will live with me forever. "Working with Jeff and the boys has been Unbelievable! And the special days on Goals on Sunday with Ben Shephard who has become a great pal. "I’ve had a blast!" Sky Sports broke the news during the latest instalment of Soccer Saturday. Host Jeff Stelling said: “Some big news concerning this show and Sky Sports... and no I've not changed my mind [about retiring] again! "After 24 brilliant years at Sky Sports, including many years as a star of this show, Chris Kamara is leaving the show at the end of the season. “He leaves with the very best wishes of course of everybody here." The former footballer’s departure comes a month after he confirmed he is suffering from apraxia of speech alongside an existing thyroid problem. Chris announced that he had developed the speech disorder after he appeared to be slurring his words during a broadcast. He discussed his condition during a recent appearance on Good Morning Britain. The pundit explained: “I was doing a report for Sky at Rotherham and unbeknown to me, because I'm not really sure about how it comes out. "If I explain my apraxia, we take for granted the fact that when we think and come through our speech, it's comfortable, it's easy, it's natural. "My apraxia, because it varies in different people, when it's bad it stops those signals from that brain going to that mouth, so it slows it down. In fact, at times it slurs the words as well. So people are looking and thinking, 'Is he alright? Is he drunk?' "It's a neurological problem, we don't know, the experts don't know. The brain is such a complex part of you that it's hard to say whether it is the thyroid that's brought this on.” He said he is now trying to use different parts of his brain that allow him to speak fluently, with the help of a speech therapist. However, fans won't have to bid a sad farewell to Kammy from their TV screens just yet, as he will be a commentator on ITV show The Games, which airs on May 9