Jane Minty and her brother Simon have become fan favourites on Channel 4’s Gogglebox, with fans tuning in to see their witty one-liners and hilarious reactions from their sofa ever since their first appearance on the reality show in 2021. However, away from TV screens, viewers have been eager to find out more about the breakthrough stars who have, up until now, remained tight-lipped about their private lives, before Jane informed fans of what her day job is. Jane revealed she works in a kitchen after she shared a snap with her followers on social media. The photo showed the reality star with her red-purple hair piled on top of her head as she smiled at the camera while sporting a chef's uniform as she held out a plate of cake. She captioned the post: "Homemade cakes at work today …will try and save a piece for Simon to try!!” The Channel 4 star and TV fan went on to add: “Happy day at work.” READ MORE:Dan Wootton’s GB News show crushes Sky News in ratings battle Meanwhile, her brother Simon is the co-host of a BBC podcast called Ouch!, and he also does another podcast alongside his friend and colleague Phil Friend called The Way We Roll, in which they shoot the breeze about disability news. He also performed in and co-produced the sell-out Edinburgh Fringe comedy show Abnormally Funny People in 2005, which returned in 2015. His Instagram bio describes him as a “disability consultancy and speaker,” but little is known about the siblings from North London. Fans were left feeling short-changed when the comical duo barely featured in last week’s instalment and Simon addressed their absence in a statement.  The podcaster wrote on Instagram: "It’s on tonight! Channel 4 at 9pm. Are you #GoggleboxReady? "We might not pop up so much this week as we took a week off but you might just get a little bit of us. “Luckily you will get a great show with all the brilliant #Gogglebox family. The BBC presenter went on to tell his 833 followers: “We hope you enjoy it. X" Fans shared their love for the reality stars who are often praised for their “witty” humour. One fan @pnstesmum gushed: “Love you Simon and Jane, Simon you crack me up so witty, fab again tonight as always xx.” (sic) Another viewer, @kevwgs echoed: “Absolutely L-O-V-E Jane and Simon. They are so funny #Gogglebox.” @corbey50 wrote: “Don't usually take to newcomers on #Gogglebox  straightaway but brother and sister Simon and Jane fit into the family really easily!" They added: “Great addition, best programme on my tellybox.” One fan likened the pair to two other Gogglebox contributors, who also happen to be brother and sister, when @Jayke1981 quipped: “New Goggleboxers Simon and Jane remind me of what @Petesandifor and @PeteandSophie could be like in 30 years! #Gogglebox @TheMainstand simply wrote: “Simon and Jane are funny,  #GoggleBox.” Gogglebox airs Friday on Channel 4 at 9pm