The SpaceX founder last week took a 9.2 percent stake in the social media giant, of which he is well known to have been a major critic. This instantly made him the platform’s biggest shareholder and boosted its shares by as much as 27 percent. Musk has now pushed the stakes even higher, offering to buy the entire company. He, at 50 years of age and the richest person on earth, will offer $54.20 per share in cash, valuing Twitter at around $43billion. This is equal to around £33billion. But Musk has signalled his desire to own the platform is not just about money. Rather, he said he would like to make Twitter a place of proper, free discussion. The former UKIP and Brexit Party leader-come GB News host insisted Musk’s offer was great news. He said, in no uncertain terms, in a post on Twitter: “This is the best news for free speech in years!” Free Speech Union General Secretary Toby Young also threw his weight behind the potential buyer. He told Express.co.uk: “Elon Musk is a steely-eyed free speech warrior. If he takes over Twitter, I hope he takes it back to what it was originally – the free speech wing of the free speech party. “More power to his elbow.” A March poll conducted by Musk on the platform itself suggested the vast majority of Twitter users do not do enough to uphold free speech. He described this as “essential to a functioning democracy” and asked: “Do you believe Twitter rigorously adheres to this principle?” READ MORE: Brexiteer says Britons 'not prepared' to put up with illegal migrants Musk noted the result would be “important”, retrospectively suggesting it might play a part in his plans. More than 70 percent of the two million-plus voters said Twitter does not uphold this principle, with less than 30% responding “yes”. Musk’s response, in which he called into question what should be done next to ensure free speech is upheld in the public discussion, was severe. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] He said: “Given that Twitter serves as the de facto public town square, failing to adhere to free speech principles fundamentally undermines democracy.” The platform appears in recent years to have been increasing its efforts to remove content and accounts it deems until, one of the most famous recent examples being the account of former US President Donald Trump. Twitter responded to Musk’s offer noting it would review the proposal and ensure its response was in the best interest of “all Twitter stockholders”. If his offer is not accepted, he, quoted in the BBC, said: “I would need to reconsider my position as a shareholder.” It is possible the entrepreneur could set up his own social media project if his bid to take over Twitter fails. Commenting on his previous Twitter poll after the result suggested most users believe it does not protect free speech, Musk asked: “Is a new platform needed?”