Thomas Markle has a fraught relationship with his daughter and did not attend Meghan’s wedding to Prince Harry, as he was recovering from surgery. He has publicly criticised the Duke and Duchess of Sussex on numerous occasions. Speaking to GB News on Monday night, Mr Markle described his desire to meet his grandchildren, Archie and Lilibet, calling for reconciliation whilst condemning the Duke and Duchess. One royal fan, @AboutitThinky, reacted to Mr Markle’s interview by posting: “Well maybe if Thomas Markle STOPPED selling out his daughter he might have met grandchildren. “Instead he just betray[s] her constantly to the media and tries to emotionally blackmail her to make contact. What a parent!” Another, @monson_rian chimed in: “God why don't they leave Harry and Meghan alone, they look so much happier now.” Speaking to GB News on Monday, Mr Markle announced he would travel to London for the Queen’s Jubilee in June to pay his “respects” to the Royal Family, and that he was “looking forward” to the trip across the Atlantic from his home in Mexico. He said: “I’m going to show my respects for the Queen, and I’m going to let them know and make sure the Queen understands my entire family respects the Queen and the royals. “We admire them, and we want them to know that that’s how we feel about them and that’s how we feel about England.” But his attendance would likely deter the Duke and Duchess from making the trip for the Jubilee, he said. READ MORE: Thomas Markle to visit UK for Platinum Jubilee He remarked he would like to “repair” the relationship between himself and his daughter and son-in-law, although he does not “see that happening”. He commented: “I'm getting the feeling that if they know I'm coming, they won't be coming. “But if they do come I would love to reach out, speak with them and try to figure out what was wrong and how we can repair it. I don't see that happening. But I certainly would like to try." He then drew parallels between himself and Prince Charles, 73, who he said had also been “ghosted” by his child. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Failing' Queen needs Harry and Meghan [LIVE] William and Kate show ‘dignity’ at Anzac Day memorial [ANALYSIS] Queen's Platinum Jubilee "tarnished" by Prince Andrew 'attachment' [REVEAL] Mr Markle described how he believed they had “a lot in common”, requesting a meeting with the future king. He commented: "I would like to meet with Prince Charles and thank him for walking my daughter down the aisle, and also to meet and talk with him because I think we have a lot in common now. “We've pretty much both been ghosted by our children." He then pressed to meet “son-in-law, his grandchildren Archie and Liliibet and royal relatives for the first time”. He slammed the couple for not bringing their two children to meet the Queen, when they dropped into the UK before jetting to the Hague for the Invictus Ganes. He said: "Not bringing the children was like another slap in the face to the Queen.” He added: "It was very rude and the wrong thing to do. It makes no sense at all. “I don't know if it's Meghan or if it's Harry but the Queen should have every right to see her great-grandchildren and I should have the right to see my grandchildren. “So if they show up I hope they bring the kids."