Princess Madeleine of Sweden's first engagement to lawyer Jonas Bergström was called off in 2010. But in 2012, the youngest daughter of King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia announced she was engaged to financier Christopher O'Neill, and Madeleine debuted a truly stunning diamond engagement ring.  Under Swedish tradition, engaged couples usually exchange simple gold bands which can also include heartfelt inscriptions. A diamond ring usually follows for the bride on her wedding day, and a third motherhood band may also be added in the future. But three Swedish royals have swayed from this tradition in recent years, including Princess Madeleine, Crown Princess Victoria and Princess Sofia. All three Swedish royal brides have debuted diamond rings after their respective engagements were announced and, out of the three, the cut of Madeleine's ring is certainly very unique.  READ MORE: Prince Edward and Sophie will face challenges on royal tour in April Zack Stone, Managing Director of Steven Stone, said: “This gorgeous ring features a four-carat Asscher cut stone. "Pippa Middleton also chose an Asscher cut stone for her engagement ring, and it’s becoming increasingly popular with both royals and celebrities, as not only is it unique, but it has a rich history behind it. “The Asscher cut was invented in 1902 by Joseph Asscher, the artisan diamond cutter who founded the Royal Asscher Diamond Company. "It was the first patented diamond cut, protecting it from replication from other companies.   "The Asscher cut was a staple of Art Deco jewellery, with its straight lines and brilliance making it perfect for the movement." Asscher cut diamonds are less common than many other diamond cuts, making them particularly sought after. And as they are so desirable, an Asscher cut diamond can also come with a hefty price tag. DON'T MISS:Five poignant royal wedding traditions explained [INSIGHT] Charles's wedding anniversary falls on Prince Philip death milestone [ANALYSIS]A look at the Swedish royal family's most dazzling engagement rings [PICTURES] Indeed, Madeleine's ring ranks as the most expensive of the three recent Swedish royal engagement rings. Mr Stone added: “Bearing all this in mind, it’s likely that Princess Madeleine’s engagement ring is worth around £150,000.” Princess Sofia's engagement ring from Prince Carl Philip features a round diamond on a double pave band, and it was valued by Steven Stone at £10,000. Crown Princess Victoria's round diamond ring is an estimated two to three carats, and the jewellery experts valued it between £75,000 and £100,000. 