The Kremlin has now spent five weeks in Ukraine, with Vladimir Putin's forces still unable to penetrate Kyiv. The last few days have seen devastating revelations of Russian conduct in the neighbouring country, with mass graves found in the town of Bucha. Ukrainian officials have condemned the assault as a "genocide", and western officials have committed to renewing sanctions. Leaders designed their first sanction packages to target and dismantle the Russian economy in a fashion that would deter Putin's "special military operation". Putin reacted early on to condemn the move against him and more recently argued that the west hoped to "cancel" Russia. But he has only recently started to extract his forces from the country, leaving evidence of "unspeakable, deliberate cruelty and violence against Ukrainian civilians" behind. Whether or not Putin relented under pressure from sanctions is unconfirmed, but they have had a multi-pronged and devastating impact on the national economy. READ MORE: Damning chart shows shock amount EU still imports from Russia Inflation will see many people living in the west deal with varying cost of living crises, with prices rising by 6.2 percent in the UK alone. For Russia, however, the sanctions mean that people have to reckon with treble this. The country's inflation rate has hit 20 percent, prompting a cascade of knock-on effects across the economy. Wealthy Russians are also feeling the burn as extravagant Russian-made products such as cars and television sets cost an increasingly significant portion of their monthly take-home pay. Early news of impending sanctions led to a widespread panic that hit supermarkets first. Understanding that their cost of living would soon rise via inflation, many Russians panic bought products, stripping shelves bare. Since then, inflation has left people queuing for goods as they fear more impending price rises. In mid-March, the price of sugar alone had climbed by 37 percent compared to before the invasion, alongside other products such as tomatoes (8.2 percent), cabbage (6.4 percent), and carrots (5.5 percent). Sanctions have created an industry burn not seen in Russia since the Covid pandemic began in 2020. Key manufacturing firms have seen their output decrease to their lowest rates in years, according to the S&P Global Purchasing Managers' Index. The index reported manufacturing activity at 44.1 percent in March, marking the "sharpest" contraction in recent years. Inflation, again, is behind much of the chaos, with material prices near-insurmountable and causing severe shortages. Russia has spent the last few years embedding a vast oil and gas network throughout Western Europe via its Nordstream pipeline. The pipeline runs from the Baltic Sea to Germany and would have welcomed a sibling - the Nordstream 2 - this year. But Putin's invasion has led German authorities to drop the plans, and the rest of Europe has started turning away from Russian oil, causing a hit on 40 percent of its export income. Western nations still receive billions of dollars worth of Russian oil and gas every day, however, undercutting the sanctions' intended blow. Sanctions have placed the Russian economy on the edge of collapse, but the revelations from Bucha have convinced some leaders this is not enough. An outraged White House declared on Tuesday that it would do more to "hold accountable the Russian kleptocracy that funds and supports Putin's war". Jen Psaki, President Biden's press secretary, told reporters that the US government would "impose acute and immediate economic harm on Russia". British authorities made similar commitments earlier this morning, reports suggest. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss is poised to deliver new measures to target Russia's strategic industry and energy. The European Commission announced a similar plan on Tuesday, with further sanctions awaiting votes from the 27 EU members. Among their proposals is a ban on Russian coal imports, which could an estimated £3.3 billion from Putin's war chest.