Coronation Street's Maureen Lipman and Rula Lenska have been friends for years and even shared a flat in Manchester in the 1970s. Rula joined The One Show hosts Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas in the studio while Maureen dialled in virtually. Reminiscing about the friendship, Maureen thought it was time viewers learnt the "truth" about her co-star's lavish lifestyle. The pair were on the show to talk about their upcoming appearance on ITV's DNA Journey.Before they got to talking about their ancestors, the two joked about their not so distant past.Rula spoke about how she thought the two were similar despite Maureen saying otherwise and commented: "I think we are rather similar, the same age, we are both grannies, we are both passionate about our grandchildren, passionate about animals and just passionate.Maureen replied: "Ok let's hear the truth, let's have the truth. Read More: Ozark season 4 theory: Sam to attack Wendy as fans work out major trailer clue Co-host Alex wanted more details and cheered Maureen on, saying: "Come on, Mauren, you tell us, what was Rula like to live with, go." Looking back, Maureen added: "Because I came to Manchester with a lemon squeezer, that's it, and some shoes, and Rula, was in her flat with gauze that covered the lampshades, rugs, pillows that were stuffed with lavender, she brought curtains, everything."Alex and Jermaine laughed as a 75-year-old actress appearing digitally continued to list items.Maureen described: "We had to move her into the flat with a porter's trolly.  "In a blizzard, in Manchester, so yeah."She loves to cook, and I am just happy to put my feet up and eat nuts."Laughing, presenter Alex replied: "You sound like yin and yang to each other.Rula chimed in: "The odd couple". DON’T MISS…Which The Last Kingdom characters are based on real people? [LATEST]‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show [LATEST]Derry Girls writer claims Brexiteers 'didn't know what they were voting for' [LATEST] Fan @del477 enjoyed the soap star duo and said: "Wonderful piece on #theoneshow tonight, just not long enough!!" @BnmPlanet added: "Two old goldies iconic legends No one take candle to them specially to #MaureenLipman #MSBNM." (sic) @mrscarter22 like the show's entire line-up and tweeted: "Brilliant tonight! Our @LucyABeaumont rom 'ull is on #TheOneShow! "My eyes are glued now. And what a bonus #MaureenLipman is on too! @MaureenLipmanUK #hullraisers #Hull #HullCity." (Sic)  However, viewer @cb_038 was not a fan: "A couple of posh actors taking part on DNA Journey.. shocker! #TheOneShow." The newest season of DNA Journey kicked off on April 5, with a special focus on The Chase's Anne "The Governess" Hegerty and  Shaun "The Dark Destroyer" 's past. Rula and Maureen will appear in an upcoming episode with the pair deep diving into their family trees and ancestral timeline. DNA Journeys airs Tuesday on ITV at 9pm The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One. 