Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge recently undertook a tour of three Commonwealth realms - Belize, Jamaica, and the Bahamas but their trip was met with protests, demanding an apology and reparations for Britain’s slaving past. The royal tour was part of celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Speaking to The Royal Report podcast, British journalist and co-author of the book Finding Freedom, Omid Scobie discusses the "disastrous" royal tour and Prince William's speech. Mr Scobie told the podcast hosts Jack Royston and Kristen Meinzer that William was in a "tough position" with what he could address. He said: "For a member of the Royal Family to a denounce slavery, to take, sort of, ancestrally some sort of accountability for it and to apologise would also greatly effect the future of the Royal Family. "Because when you start apologising or admitting that perhaps some of the wealth amassed within your family have come from such horrendous historical moments, you're going to be received with the calls of 'well give it back.' "That's why we rarely heard much from members of the Royal Family on the subject." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan Markle looks to trademark word - almost 500 years too late Mr Scobie added: "Even Charles was able to call it abhorrent and a stain on our history and not say much more than that. "They are in a difficult position. "But I think there is a way of showing empathy and care and even, interest in wanting to learn more." He made a point that there was a reminder during the trip that William really had an opportunity to really show that he was learning throughout the trip, and at every hurdle that didn't happen". The journalist also pointed out that there was a sort of hesitancy to "break away from what had already been planned and to do anything radically different". READ MORE: Royal Family ranked: New data shows most and least popular royals - from Queen to Andrew During the trip, The Duke acknowledged the issue during a dinner hosted by the country's Governor-General, but he did, however, stop short of apologising for the Royal Family's role in the crimes. Following the speech, Jamaica's republican government is said to be “incredibly disappointed” that Prince William failed to offer an apology for Britain's historic role in the slave trade. Speaking on the Duke's speech, Mr Scobie said: "Those couple of sentences in the speech were the absolute bare minimum [to address the issue]". Speculation swept through the island nations, with many wanting to follow in Barbados’ footsteps and end their association with Britain as a colonial power. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] In the tour speech, Prince William pledged to "respect the decisions" of countries that have chosen to cut ties with the monarchy. He added: “We respect the decision of countries like the Bahamas, Jamaica, and Belize when it comes to their future.” The Queen is at risk of being removed as the Head of State of Jamaica as local politicians plan to push ahead with turning the country into a republic. Although there is no formal confirmation, the removal could be a “swift process” and could happen as early as August. August is also the month that Jamaica will celebrate its 60th independence anniversary.