Glaswegian, Alexandria Adamson, was selected out of over 60,000 applicants to become an official Ocean Florida theme park tester in Orlando. The lucky theme park fan reviewed 15 parks as part of her visit. Alexandria shared her top tips for visiting Orlando’s theme parks, a popular destination for British tourists. She said: “Before you head to a park, check what apps you may need. Most of the parks have their own apps to help you navigate during your time there and make the most of it! “You can find useful information like wait times and maps as well as the entertainment and food on offer.” Downloading a theme park app could save tourists a lot of time and give them a head start on queues. READ MORE: Covid travel rules for Portugal and Madeira Alexandria added: “Although I love an adrenaline rush, there is so much more to the parks than just the rides! “I would recommend taking the time to explore the parks and especially make time to try the food and drinks, this will also help you to break up the day so you’re not just spending time queueing for riders, just because one ride has the longest line doesn’t mean it’s the best attraction in the park either!” It might be tempting to join a long queue, but lines don’t always indicate the best ride in the park. The theme park tester added: “As part of planning ahead, book reservations at the restaurants you’re keen to try. “Theme parks can get crowded and busy, meaning it can be really difficult to secure a table at the best restaurants. “If you’re eating on the go, make the most of mobile ordering if possible to save time for enjoying the attractions!” Theme parks might not be known for their dining options, but tourists might be surprised by the range of restaurants on offer. Although there’s a lot of choice for fast food fans, some of Orlando’s parks even offer gourmet dining experiences. Alexandria said: “Although the parks are great, make sure you spend some time resort hopping if you can. “Resorts offer something different to the parks and you can usually find some of the best bars and restaurants.” She added: “It’s so important to pre-plan before you venture out to Florida, it can make or break your trip! “Orlando tends to be in a busy period for most of the year so the parks can be overwhelming at times, with so much to try the key is planning ahead. “Take note of what you want to, book dining and check out any seasonal events which may affect or disrupt your plans. “Preplanning and booking as much as possible before you even arrive will make your trip run smoother.” Alexandria added that her two favourite days of the trip were spent at Universal Resort Orlando.