The former TV and radio presenter, 57, is profiled in a Channel 5 documentary tonight. ‘The Rise & Fall of John Leslie’ explores how he became embroiled in a media storm. The 60-minute film, narrated by Ben Arogundade, looks at how the former ‘Blue Peter’ and ‘This Morning’ star was accused of raping former weather presenter Ulrika Jonsson. He had dated Jonsson for a brief period in the mid-Eighties before the pair amicably parted ways. She claimed in her 2002 autobiography, ‘Honest’ that she had been raped 15 years earlier in a hotel room by a TV star. Jonsson did not name the celebrity and did not complain to the police, but TV presenter Matthew Wright mistakenly named Leslie as the perpetrator live on air. Wright later apologised and said he had named Leslie in error, but Leslie’s life was subsequently turned upside down after other allegations were made against him. Today, Leslie has a new life and for a period was living back in his native Edinburgh, the Guardian reported in October 2020. The star was reported to have left London to move to the Scottish city, where he stayed in a bungalow near his parents. JUST IN: Vine caller demands host takes pay cut as he suggests farmers ‘take hit’ on rising prices   In 2012 he was said to have started a regular show on local Edinburgh station Castle FM. Leslie was also reported to have DJed at a local club, where he used the name Big J, while also getting into property development. In November 2020, he was pictured out walking in south-west London by the Daily Mail. The newspaper reported that the former star was enjoying a coffee in Wimbledon with his new partner. Leslie’s girlfriend, the paper claimed, was a 28-year-old hairdresser who had posted pictures of herself with celebrities on social media. His appearance in public came after he had been cleared of sexual assault by a jury at Southwark Crown Court. He had been accused of groping a woman at a party at the Soho Revue Bar in 2008 but was found not guilty. The case came after a woman made a complaint to the police in 2017. Leslie vigorously denied the allegation and claimed he had no recollection of being at the party. He told the jury that the allegation was “crazy” and “ludicrous”. DON'T MISS: 'There's a loss' Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage [LATEST]EastEnders' June Brown wanted to write letter of apology after awkward Queen meeting [INSIGHT]How Toto Wolff fumed at Lewis Hamilton over car: 'Always difficult' [ANALYSIS] In his evidence, he said: “I would not have touched her like some mannequin and walked off.” He claimed newspapers had portrayed him as an “aggressive, sexual monster”. Leslie also described the aftermath of being named as Jonsson’s rapist as “Armageddon”. The star, who found fame on the BBC’s ‘Blue Peter’ in 1989, also said there had not been any sexual allegations against him before he was wrongly identified as a rapist. He claimed newspapers “decided I was their man” and that there had been “adverts for women to come forward with allegations”. ‘The Rise & Fall of John Leslie’ airs on Channel 5 from 10pm.