Netflix's latest dating show, The Ultimatum, landed this week and has already become viewers' newest dating obsession. Hosted by Nick Lachey and his wife Vanessa, six couples who are on the verge of marriage are forced to decide whether they want to commit to one another or end things for good. However, couple Rae and Jake have already caused a stir amongst viewers as it was speculated that they had slept together, which comes in violation of the many strict rules they have to follow. Rae joined the show with boyfriend Zay Wilson after they had been together for two-and-a-half years, where she issued him an ultimatum, urging him to get down on one knee. Jake joined the show with his girlfriend, April Marie, who wanted a proposal just two weeks into their two-year relationship. To make their decisions, the couples had to split and date another person for three weeks before returning to their original couple to decide whether to stay or leave. After hitting it off and enjoying one another's company, Rae and Jake quickly found they had feelings for one another and soon became inseparable. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry Viewers are still eagerly waiting to see whether Rae and Jake will act on their strong connection, with the reunion episode dropping on April 13. Rae and Jake may not have entered the experiment together but their bond soon became clear while April's newfound relationship with Colby stumbled and Zay failed to hit things off with his new partner Shanique in the same fashion to his girfriend. Speaking to Us Weekly about their time together, Rae insisted they never had sex with one another and explained they felt guilty about their strong bond. She explained: "I kissed him a lot. I was the one who initiated kissing with him, but we didn’t take it past kissing. "And that was really important to both of us, [we] definitely both felt guilty, the whole time that you’re going on these romantic dates, and you’re connecting, and you’re living with this person living your day-to-day life with them. "In the back of your mind is always the jealousy you have toward your original partner and what they’re experiencing. "And then the guilt, [I’d] get really happy, and I’d be like, 'Oh, I’m so happy right now. I love hanging out with this guy. "I can’t wait to go home and cook dinner with him and watch a movie and do whatever, and then I was like, 'I should not feel like this." Jake also commented on their situation and said: "Me and Rae were very respectful doing the whole situation. DON'T MISS...Anatomy of a Scandal cast: Who is in the cast? [INSIGHT]Will there be a season 6 of Elite? [LATEST]Meghan and Harry Netflix deal mocked 'Ethics fly out the window' [NEWS] "No matter how it looks, we did not have sex, the only thing we did was kiss. I slept in a separate bed for the first five days on the show." Rae recently opened up about her time on the show in a lengthy Instagram post, touching on how much she "grew" throughout the process. The post began: "The Ultimatum just came out & it’s been so hard watching everything back. Our group was extremely lucky to have Vanessa & Nick as hosts. "Their guidance, advice, & support was everything, we all learned so much & grew as people. I definitely learned how important opening up & communication is & that being a good life partner means you have to stay vulnerable even when it’s hard." Rae went on to remind viewers to: "Remember to be kind because we were all extremely vulnerable/ stressed during this time, no one deserves hate comments." (sic) Eagle-eyed viewers of the show feel they have already figured out that Jake and April are no longer together through their social media following. April recently uploaded a picture to her Instagram, where follower @Mayrathegemini commented: "I just need to know if you and your man are still together because baby, you’re absolutely the better choice." @Lauraymtz1 replied and said: "I suspect they’re not, It looks like she’s in a deal with someone else." With @miss.angelinaa_ adding: "Sadly, I don't think they are, they don't follow each other unless it’s a bit, but he's going to regret for sure if he didn’t." (sic) The Ultimatum is available to stream on Netflix.