Novak Djokovic has been questioned over his decision to part ways with long-time coach Marian Vajda after starting the season with two wins and two losses. The world No 1 announced their split earlier this year after making the decision at the end of last season. The pair split once previously in 2017 in an unsuccessful stint for the Serb which saw him fail to make it beyond the quarter-final stage at any Grand Slam. Djokovic has played just two tournaments so far this year after being unable to compete in Australia or the United States over his unvaccinated status and has a 2-2 win-loss record, with his most recent defeat coming to world No 46 Alejandro Davidovich Fokina in his opening round at the Monte Carlo Masters. As well as his lack of matches for the season there is also one key piece of the Djokovic puzzle missing - his former coach Vajda. The pair confirmed they were parting ways in March after reportedly making the decision at the end of last season. The world No 1 has now been warned that splitting with the 57-year-old did not pay off in the past and could have the same effect this time around after his shock early loss in Monte Carlo. "There is still something bothering me about Djokovic,” 1992 Olympic tennis champion Marc Rosset told RTS.  JUST IN: Raducanu hits back at critics as she admits new social media habits  "I'm curious to see what it will be like now that he broke up with his longtime coach, Marian Vajda. Because last time it happened, it didn't pay off.” Djokovic has also been working with former world No 1 Goran Ivanisevic since his Wimbledon win in 2018, and the Croat has now become his sole coach after working alongside Vajda for three and a half years. While the former Swiss Davis Cup teammate gave Ivanisevic the benefit of the doubt, he admitted there would still be the lack of a bond like the one Djokovic had with Vajda. Rosset continued: “We'll see if he manages to be as strong as ever without his trusted man. Of course, Goran Ivanisevic will always be there, but it's not the same lemonade between them. They don't have that 15-year relationship or that closeness." DON'T MISSRaducanu optimistic for clay after training with ex-Djokovic coachMonte Carlo Masters ball girl collapses as medics rush to helpEmma Raducanu opens up on gruesome toe injury after clay training   Rosset also touched on the 20-time Major champion’s early loss in Monte Carlo, admitting it was difficult for even the best players to return after time away. Comparing the Serb to his rival Stan Wawrinka, who played his first ATP Tour match in 13 months at the same event an lost, he said: “He had a match somewhat identical to that experienced by Stan, namely that he collapsed in the 3rd set. “Nole was "crimson" late in the game against Davidovich Fokina. It's rare with him. It also demonstrates that nothing is done with a snap of the fingers." The former world No 9 still backed Djokovic to get back to his best before his French Open title defence, adding: “I think he will be well on his feet at Roland Garros, because if he wants to, he can now play every week from here to Paris. He is no longer in uncertainty, when he did not know which tournament he could participate in, when he could not put the same intensity in training. There, everything will go back in the right direction for him." 