Real Madrid chiefs reportedly remain unfazed about Paris Saint-Germain star Kylian Mbappe's hesitance over a move to the Santiago Bernabeu this summer due to the Frenchman having a contract from the Spanish giants "in his hands."  Mbappe is considered the best young player in football by many, and would be a real loss to PSG if he was to depart. With his contract running out in the summer, that is a real possibility, with Los Blancos displaying a clear interest in his services. The hierarchy at PSG are still confident that he will remain at the Parc des Princes next year. But according to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, Real Madrid are equally as assured that he will make the switch over to the Spanish capital as the star physically received a contract from Carlo Ancelotti's men. "Mbappe has the Real Madrid contract in his hands, that's why the people of Madrid are confident and relaxed," Romano stated on his YouTube channel. "But I have been told by sources close to Kylian that he has not yet decided. PSG is offering crazy money to stay one or two more seasons." READ MORE: Tottenham's Eriksen return hopes boosted as midfielder makes 'preference' clear  Mbappe joined the French giants for a fee of around £130million in 2017 after notching 27 goals in just 60 games for Monaco as an 18-year-old. He has since scored 165 goals in just 213 games for the club. With just two months left on his deal, the star is free to move to Madrid at the start of July. But manager Mauricio Pochettino believes the star could stay at the club. Pochettino said earlier this week that Mbappe and himself were "100 per cent" set to stay at the club, despite confusion around both of their careers. “100 per cent in both cases," the Argentine said. DON'T MISSRoy Keane rants after Man Utd draw to Chelsea as Jamie Redknapp holds back laughter [REACTION]West Ham fans 'attack' German media after Michail Antonio goal against Frankfurt[REPORT]Liverpool 'considering two more signings' after completing Fabio Carvalho transfer[GOSSIP] “There haven’t been any concrete talks, beyond what is normal in terms of our plans and what we have been doing so far,” he added. “We have a natural relationship. We communicate depending on the circumstances at the time, but the relationship and communication are good. "We keep working hard, not just bearing in mind the present, but also with the responsibility in this job which is to think about the future. So that is what we are doing.”