Monty Don, 66, received a barrage of messages of support as he shared a throwback picture alongside his late dog Nigel to mark Easter. The Gardeners’ World presenter last week took to Twitter, where he boasts 257,000 followers, to reminisce about the good times he spent with the pooch. The heartwarming picture featured the popular horticulturist sitting on the grass alongside Nigel. Monty could be seen smiling as he put his arm around his pet, who looked attentively into the distance. The broadcaster captioned the shot: “Found this picture taken at Easter two years ago.” The post gathered more than 17,000 likes in less than a week. Monty soon received an outpouring of support from fans and other dog owners who replied to his tweet. Kimporter8 penned: “Said goodbye to our beautiful gentle Jack on Tuesday. “Still think fondly of your Nigel. “Irreplaceable souls. Our hearts ache.” Sassyhome wrote: “A great big Mr. Bear hug. You two were quite the double act. “There's a wonderful kind of comfort a large dog brings. “Lucky for us, we all have Nigel on our bookshelves. One of your best, too.” JaneTombling added: “Lovely Nigel, you are so lucky to still have Nellie & Dottie. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [LATEST]Nick Knowles ‘rages’ at backlash over new partner 'Wealthier than me!' [UPDATE]Stacey Solomon issues apology over 'unrelatable' swimming pool update [INSIGHT] “Have been inspired by your use of Nerines & looking forward to your ideas for shady spots on Friday. “Happy Easter from Redcar's Riviera.” Nigel, who Monty credited with helping him get through some depressive periods, sadly died in 2020. The BBC star announced the news of his passing in an Instagram post in which he explained that Nigel had “slipped quietly away.” He wrote: “I am very sorry to announce that Nigel has died. “To the end he was happy, healthy and his usual calm, lovely self. “But he was suddenly taken ill and he slipped quietly away with no pain or suffering and is now buried in the garden with lots of tennis balls.” He concluded: “Rest now old friend. See you in the sweet bye and bye.”