More than 11 million people have fled their homes during Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the United Nations (UN) has said. Some 5.3 million have travelled to neighbouring countries, while 6.5 million people are displaced inside the war-torn nation of 44 million people, according to the latest estimates. Most Ukrainians fleeing the war have headed West, largely to Poland, which has welcomed just shy of three million people. The Balkan nation has accepted some 15,550 people so far, the head of the Civil Protection Directorate, Damir Trut, said in Split on Monday. Although Croatia is not part of Schengen, its rules for visitors are similar to those within the area. Travellers are limited to stays of up to 90 days in any 180-day period without a visa. This arrangement covers tourists, business trips and people travelling to see family and friends in the country. For those looking to stay in Croatia for a longer period, such as for work or study, a visa and/or work permit may be required by the government. However, for Ukrainian refugees entering Croatia as they flee Russia’s invasion, the normal restrictions do not apply. The EU nation adopted the bloc’s Directive on the Temporary Protection of Ukrainian refugees at the beginning of this month. The move means refugees from Ukraine can enter Croatia and gain some benefits without having to apply for asylum. The temporary protection for Ukrainian refugees in Croatia has been granted until March 4, 2023. Should the situation require, the protection can be extended automatically twice by six months or until March 4, 2024. DON'T MISS: Emmanuel Macron SNUBS Boris! French President speaks to Biden and Scholz but not Johnson [LATEST]Brexit fishing row: Stubborn Macron could punish UK after re-election – ‘Tough line’ [INSIGHT]Xi Jinping playing long game with Putin – ‘doesn’t want a straight alliance’ [ANALYSIS] The EU’s Vice-President for promoting our European way of life, Margaritis Schinas announced the bloc’s directive last month. Discussing some of the details, he said: “To help make this process as smooth as possible, the EU Commission is supporting member states with operational guidance. “For example, to ensure people can move around the Union unhindered, we clarify that they should be able to receive 15-day visas at the border and that in any case carriers should not be fined for transporting them without documentation. “One of the biggest concerns now is the number of children arriving unaccompanied who need to be registered and given specialised care.” On Monday, Mr Trut, who is Croatia’s Assistant Minister of the Interior, discussed the benefits Ukrainian refugees in his country are entitled to. Addressing the media after a meeting with the leader of the Split-Dalmatia County, he explained how thousands of Ukrainians had still not come forward to claim the benefits they are entitled to. He said: “So far, fewer than 10,000 people have applied for temporary protection. “They have the right to education, accommodation, healthcare and other needs.”