The Polish leader launched the “#StopRussiaNow” campaign on Saturday, April 23, in a bid to stop western cooperation with Russia. Mr Morawiecki accused Western European allies of wanting to return too quickly to business as usual with Moscow. He said: "Vladimir Putin has prepared a special operation including war crimes and genocide. "What is happening in the Ukrainian streets shocked us, but only for a short time." He added that he wants the campaign to become “a scream of those who have been brutally murdered in cities, towns and villages [of Ukraine].” The Polish Prime Minister says EU's sanctions against Russia do not go far enough as he named and shamed the EU's biggest players. He said: “Germany, France, Austria, Italy – these countries have to do their best to stop the war in Ukraine by suspending financing Putin’s war machine. “Look at the ruble rate, on the condition of the Russian economy." The campaign will see billboards cars driving across big EU cities with pictures comparing the standard of living between Western Europe and Ukraine. One of the posters will show a man sitting comfortably on a western hospital bed next to a photo of the devastated hospital in the Luhansk Oblast. The billboard will read: "Are you happy with your healthcare? #StopRussiaNow." The EU is preparing "smart sanctions" against Russian oil imports, according to a report by The Times which cited EU Commission's executive Vice President Vladis Dombrovskis. He told them: "We are working on a sixth sanctions package and one of the issues we are considering is some form of an oil embargo. When we are imposing sanctions, we need to do so in a way that maximises pressure on Russia while minimising collateral damage on ourselves." READ MORE: Putin humiliation as Russian forces lost 70 percent of missiles  He said that precise details of the oil sanctions had not yet been agreed but could include a gradual phasing-out of Russian oil or imposing tariffs on exports beyond a certain price cap, the newspaper reported. But speaking to German newspaper Die Welt on Monday, EU's top diplomat Josep Borrell said there is insufficient support from EU member states for a complete embargo or punitive tariff on Russian oil and gas imports. He said: "At the moment, we in the EU do not have a unified position on this question." Russia is Europe's biggest oil supplier, providing 26 percent of EU imported oil in 2020. Europe gets roughly a third of its gross available energy from oil and petroleum products, in sectors from transportation to chemicals production. Ukraine and some EU states, including Poland and Lithuania, want a ban on Russian oil and gas, whereas Germany and Hungary are opposed to an immediate oil embargo. DON'T MISS:Putin humiliated by mouse as Russian chopper destroyed in Ukraine [INSIGHT]Macron's victory night in tatters with Paris deadly protests [VIDEO]Brexit: Victory as UK to scrap 'insane' EU law [ANALYSIS] Oil and oil products made up more than a third of Moscow's export revenues last year. Currently, Europe spends around $450 million per day on Russian crude oil and refined products, around $400 million per day for gas, and roughly $25 million for coal, according to think-tank Bruegel. Mr Borrell said the topic will be discussed at the next EU summit due at the end of next month and that he did not expect any decision on the matter before then. "A final proposal for an embargo on oil and gas is not yet on the table," he said. The EU Commission will probably make proposals for a sixth package of sanctions to the member states this week, Die Welt said, without citing sources. "At some point it will happen and then Russia will feel painfully that the revenues from the oil and gas business are being lost," Mr Borrell added.