The Pink Moon is due to appear on Saturday of this weekend and will be viewable from Earth under the right conditions. According to ScienceFocus, On Saturday 16 April, from London, the Pink Moon will rise at 7.45pm from the east-southeast and set at 6.27am the next morning in the west-southwest. The Pink Moon will reach peak illumination at 7.55pm on the evening of Saturday 16 April, meaning it will be very low on the horizon at this time. Unlike its name suggests, however, the moon will not appear in a shade of pink. Those who get a good view, if clouds remain at bay, might notice a yellow or orange hue as it is low on the horizon. According to ScienceFocus: "The best time to see the Pink Moon will be soon after moonrise, or later in the evening when it has risen slightly higher above the horizon. "If you are unable to see the Pink Moon at its peak, it will also appear full on Easter Sunday, as well as the night before on Good Friday, April 15." READ MORE: Bizarre ‘portal from hell’ opens up in California lake The Pink Moon is thought to get its name from pink flowers, particularly phlox, which begin to bloom around this time of year. However, there are many other names given to the first full moon of the spring season. According to Nasa, the moon is also referred to as "the Sprouting Grass, Egg, or Fish Moon; the Pesach, Passover, or Paschal Moon; the Hanuman Jayanti Festival Moon; and Bak Poya." In North America, the Maine Farmer's Almanac began publishing Native American names for the Moon each month of the year. DON'T MISSBulgaria and Greece break EU ranks with new nuclear plan [UPDATE]Big Bang breakthrough: Complex life may have stated 30m years earlier [INSIGHT]NASA spots 'largest ever' comet racing Earthbound at 22,000mph [REPORT] The publication gave the Pink Moon its name due to herb moss pink, also known as creeping phlox, which is one of the earliest widespread flowers of spring. Other names for this Moon include the Sprouting Grass Moon, the Egg Moon, and among coastal tribes the Fish Moon, as this was when the shad swam upstream to spawn. However, different cultures and religions also have their own way of referring to the Moon. In Christianity, this is known as the Pesach or Passover Moon. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Nasa explained: "Pesach or Passover begins at sundown on Friday, April 15, and ends at nightfall on Saturday, April 23, 2022. The Seder feasts are on the first two evenings of Passover." For Hindus, this full moon corresponds with Hanuman Jayanti, the celebration of the birth of Lord Hanuman, celebrated in most areas on the full moon day of the Hindu lunar month of Chaitra. For Buddhists, especially in Sri Lanka, this full moon is Bak Poya, commemorating when the Buddha visited Sri Lanka and settled a dispute between chiefs, avoiding a war.