Just weeks after Cheltenham Festival, Princess Anne is back racehorse watching – but this time in the north of England. The Princess was a vision in green as she joined fellow horse lovers at Aintree. Princess Anne is often seen wearing green coats, suggesting the hue is her favourite colour. The royal chose a coat she has worn on many occasions in the past to attend the Aintree races today. The coat is green but has an upturned navy blue and red collar. It also features buttons down its middle and on the sleeves. READ MORE: 'Aldi are getting sneaky!': Parents left fuming over popular 55p baby Anne paired the coat with a dark red velour hat, which matched the colour of her collar. The hat also featured two black stripes. Like her mother, the royal has a vast collection of brooches, and today she wore a special one she has owned since the 1980s. The brooch was gold and in the shape of a horse, which Anne had positioned underneath her coat’s collar.  The Princess wore this brooch to the Cheltenham Festival too – clearly because it is fitting for such race horsing occasions. But this year has not been the only year Anne has donned the brooch for such events. In June 2007, she wore it with an all-turquoise outfit for Ladies Day of Royal Ascot. In June 2019, she donned the jewel again for the second day of Royal Ascot, this time pinning the piece on the ribbon of her hat. Anne’s outfit today was very similar to the one she wore to the Cheltenham Festival back in 2019. The coat, which also has colour-clashing navy blue and red pockets, was a fitting choice for the races because of its bottle green colour. Again, in 2019, the royal had pinned the horse brooch underneath her collar, at the coat’s neckline. Today, Anne carried a blue bag with a chain strap, which has rarely been seen on the royal. She also wore black leather gloves. As for jewellery, the Princess wore dangling pearl earrings. Many members of the Royal Family seem to be a fan of green, but Anne owns multiple coats in the colour – and in various shades of it. In December last year, the former equestrian donned a mint green wool coat to attend the Sovereign Parade at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst in Camberley, Surrey. She had worn the coat on multiple occasions in the past, having owned it since 2015.