Doctor Philip Woodland, a consultant gastroenterologist, pointed out the two uncomfortable sensations GORD leads to – heartburn and regurgitation. Heartburn is a "burning sensation felt behind the breastbone". As for regurgitation, this is "an unpleasant sensation of material moving upwards towards the mouth". Doctor Woodland added: "However, it can also cause difficulty swallowing, coughing and wheezing." The condition may also lead to a sore throat and voice changes. In addition, GORD has been associated with dental erosions, leading to cosmetic disfigurement. How to treat GORD "In many cases lifestyle changes are sufficient," said Doctor Woodland. READ MORE: High cholesterol – Signs of an inherited disease hiking your risk of a heart attack "Eating smaller meals, not eating just before bedtime, reducing fat and alcohol intake are helpful." As for the best sleeping position, Doctor Woodland recommends "lying on the left side at night". Such a simple manoeuvre "can reduce nigh time symptoms", the doctor assured. Moreover, to improve symptoms further, Doctor Woodland added that it helps to prop your head up while in bed. "If you smoke, stopping smoking can help, and losing weight if you are overweight will also reduce reflux," said Doctor Woodland. Medication can also be useful, such as antacids, alginates, or proton pump inhibitors (PPI). Antacids The NHS explained: "Antacids are medicines that counteract (neutralise) the acid in your stomach to relieve indigestion and heartburn. "They come as a liquid or chewable tablets and can be bought from pharmacies and shops without a prescription." Alginates An alginate is present in some antacids, as the medication coats the gullet with a protective layer. Antacids, with or without alginates, are best used as preventative measures. The best times to take them is alongside meals, soon after meals, or just before going to bed when symptoms might flare-up. Proton pump inhibitors (PPI) "Proton pumps are enzymes in the lining of your stomach that help it make acid to digest food," the NHS noted. There can be side effects from taking PPI, so it's best to speak to a pharmacist before taking the medication. It is sensible to first implement lifestyle changes to help reduce the frequency of GORD. This is because people who have long-standing reflux are at increased risk of oesophageal cancer. Doctor Philip Woodland is a consultant gastroenterologist at London Digestive Health, part of The Princess Grace Hospital (HCA UK).