Princess Charlene, 44, shared the snap of the princess consort next to her husband, Prince Albert, and the royal couple's twins, Jacques and Gabriella. In the photo, Charlene looks lovingly down at young Gabriella, while the reigning Prince of Monaco touches a hand to both Charlene and eight-year-old Jacques.  The family, clad mostly in white, sit on lush-looking green grass in the image captioned: "Happy Easter". The family portrait comes just three days after Prince Albert announced he had tested positive for Covid a second time. He first contracted the disease back in March 2020. The family photo is the first image of the royal household gathered together since November 2021.  Princess Charlene has spent a prolonged period of time away from the spotlight as she recovers from what the Palace termed a "state of profound general fatigue". A statement from the Palace earlier this month detailed Princess Charlene aimed to "further strengthen her health, before gradually resuming her official duties and commitments". She has scarcely been seen since returning from her native South Africa, where she underwent a number of procedures for an ear-throat-nose infection last year. But the Princess' extended stay in her home country sparked speculation over a possible divorce, which was quickly dismissed by Prince Albert. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan had 'perfect opportunity' to visit Queen Before she returned to Monaco, he told PEOPLE magazine that Princess Charlene “didn’t leave Monaco in a huff”. He added: “She didn’t leave because she was mad at me or at anybody else.” He explained her trip as one “to reassess her foundation’s work down there and to take a little time off with her brother and some friends.” Albert said the trip was “only supposed to be a weeklong, 10-day maximum stay", but the extension was "absolutely just a medical problem”. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry reduces youth reporters to tears [LIVE]Queen Camilla would have had Diana's blessing, claims royal expert [INSIGHT] Charles left waiting as Harry and Meghan 'arrived late' for meeting [REVEAL] Charlene made her long-awaited return to Monaco in March 2022 after a stay at a Swiss clinic since November 2021. A statement on behalf of the Princess said she would “continue her convalescence in the Principality with her husband and her children by her side”. The Palace statement added Charlene hoped to resume royal duties “as soon as her health is strong enough”. It continued: “The Princess looks forward to once again spending time and socialising with the Monegasques.”  It added that Charlene still required “peace and calm”. The Princess suffered from “exhaustion, both emotional and physical”, according to the Palace, and entered the clinic away from Monaco shortly after arriving back from South Africa in a move supported by the Monegasque royals, according to Prince Albert. He said in November: “She had already made her decision, and we only wanted her to confirm it in front of us. She wanted this. “She already knew the best thing to do was to go and have a rest and have a real medically framed treatment.” 