Gentleman Jack may have been missing for the past three years but it has been far from forgotten. Telling the story of Anne Lister (played by Suranne Jones), a forward-thinking landowner considered the "first modern lesbian" in the early 19th Century, the BBC drama is finally back for a second outing. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of Gentleman Jack season two. Anne Lister is a real-life historical figure whose diaries have driven the central plots for Gentleman Jack. Not only was she a businesswoman, but she is also an icon in the LGBTQ+ community, paving the way almost 200 years ago by staying true to herself and pursuing relationships with women.  READ MORE: Jackson Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jackson Lonie now? Fellow landowner Ann Walker discovers more about her sexuality through Anne Walker's help but continues to struggle with depression and anxiety. She grows in confidence with her newfound relationship with Anne but could there be trouble ahead for them both in season two? Actress Sophie Rundle is probably best recognised for portraying Ada Shelby in the hit period drama Peaky Blinders which ended with season six earlier this month. She has also been in Jamestown, The Nest, Bodyguard and Dickensian. Joining the Gentleman Jack cast for season two is actress Joanna Scanlan. Most recently, Scanlan has played Ma Larkin in the heartwarming ITV drama The Larkins. Some of her other roles have been in The Accident, No Offence, Puppy Love, The Bad Education Movie and Requiem. Scanlan will play Isabella "Tib" Norcliffe, an "outrageous former lover" of Anne's. DON'T MISS...How many episodes are in Gentleman Jack season 2? [EXPLAINER]Suranne Jones husband: Is the Gentleman Jack star married? [CAST]Sophie Rundle husband: Is the Gentleman Jack star married? [RELATIONSHIP] Marian Lister is the less-confident sister of Anne who is usually overshadowed by her sibling. Deemed the more sensible of the two, Marian doesn't always understand Anne but much like their parents, they are accepting of who she is. Actress Gemma Whelan is probably best known for playing Yara Greyjoy in the HBO fantasy-drama Game of Thrones. This is far from the only series she has been in though, featuring in the cast of The Tower, White House Farm, Horrible Histories, Killing Eve and Upstart Crow as well. Lady Vere Hobart is another former lover of Anne's who hasn't appeared in Gentleman Jack since the first few episodes of series one. So why has she returned and how is she going to feel when she finds out about Anne getting married to Ms Walker? Actress Jodhi May has been in The Witcher, Let Me Go, Down a Dark Hall, Small Axe and The Warrior Queen of Jhansi. Other cast members include: Elizabeth Sutherland - Katherine Kelly Captain George Sutherland - Derek Riddell Mariana Lawton - Lydia Leonard Aunt Ann Walker - Stephanie Cole Gentleman Jack season 2 premieres on Sunday, April 10, at 9pm on BBC One.