The late Princess Margaret has often been described as the rebellious "younger sister" of the Queen due to her more exuberant and outspoken nature. The Princess only married once during her lifetime, and prior to her marriage to Anthony Armstrong-Jones, had been involved with Group Captain Peter Townsend. He was a divorcee and was seen by many as an unsuitable match for the young princess. After their request to marry was not approved, they began a "secret affair". Then, in 1953, a reporter spotted something, a small "intimate" gesture that gave away their secret. Margaret's gesture was discussed in a royal documentary, Princess Margaret: The Rebel without a Crown, that was previously aired on Channel 5. Speaking in the documentary, Princess Margaret's authorised biographer Christopher Warwick, said: "In her excitement, Princess Margaret went up to Townsend and put her hand on his tunic, to brush off away a piece of thread". Also speaking in the documentary, Historian and biographer Prof. Jane Ridley, said: "This gesture, this very intimate gesture of, you know, a very un-royal way to behave, brushing a man's coat with your hand, is immediately taken out by the world's press. "It's the beginning of a whole scandal around Princess Margaret." Royal author Tom Quinn, speaking in the Channel 5 documentary,  said: "Princess Margaret was a very calculating, instinctive sense of drama and an instinctive sense of how to get the attention that she'd craved since she was a girl. READ MORE: ‘Looking radiant!’ Royal fans gush as Queen returns to duties without walking stick "The incident with the brushing the fluff from Townsend's jacket, she would have known that, at such a public event, that it would have been spotted. "It's the kind of incident, that action, that speaks volumes". Ms Ridley added: "The coronation, of all the days, is a day that belongs to Margaret's sister Elizabeth. "As Queen, this is probably the most important ceremony in her reign and yet, here we have, Margaret, her younger sister, doing something out of order, creating a sensation, diverting attention from her sister". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry faces 'stumbling block' repairing rift as relationship row rages Speaking on another Channel 5 royal documentary Scandals at the Palace, former royal Press Secretary Dickie Arbiter said that the small slip bought the relationship into the eyes of the public. DON'T MISS Royal rift POLL: Should William work to resolve the feud with Harry? [POLL]Harry not attending Jubilee 'would be greatest gift to give Queen' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's US neighbours 'bristling' - claim [REVEAL] Three years after Margaret and Peter Townsend completely parted ways, she met her future husband, Antony Armstrong-Jones. The couple married in 1960 and had two children together. 