James Middleton married Alizee Thevenet on September 11, 2021 after a two-year-long engagement. The couple kept postponing their wedding due to the coronavirus restrictions at the time. James’ wedding took place in Bormes-les-Mimosas in France, famous for being one of the most beautiful villages in the Côte d’Azur.  Mental wealth coach, relationship expert and therapist Paul Scates spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse the relationship between James and Alizee based on their body language. He said: “What we can see with James and Alizee is two people who are naturally in love. A genuine partnership of love and friendship. “This comes across in all that they demonstrate, from their tactile gestures of comfort via touch, to the warmth of their smiles and the gloss within their eyes as they meet one another’s gaze. “The couple appears very comfortable and secure in their relationship, as there is a natural warmth that exudes from both of them which also highlights how their personalities are perfectly matched,” the expert claimed. READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham marries into astonishingly wealthy family He continued: “James has in the last few years matured into a very well-rounded man. “Someone who is at ease with himself, and this has become significantly notable since he has become entwined with his life partner Alizee Thevenet. “James and Alizee’s family ethics have been aligned from the very beginning to the day that they married, and this was poignantly demonstrated by Alizee’s touching tribute to her mother-in-law, Carole, by wearing her very own wedding dress. “Her touching gesture also acknowledges her respect for James and Carole’s loving bond of mother and son.”  Paul noted: “The couple have maintained strong throughout the pandemic, despite having to postpone their wedding multiple times, but ultimately the most important thing for them both was to be united in marriage surrounded by their very closest friends and family. “The couple chose their wedding reception venue based on the beauty of the landscape, its privacy but most notably for the fact that it has been a family-owned estate for hundreds of years. “Even their very first photo of the happy couple was posted on James’ personal Instagram page, stood alongside Mayor Francios Arizzi, who officiated their marriage.  “Alizee sits perfectly in line with her new extended family because ultimately what we see is a couple who are the epitome of true love.” Paul continued: “They bring to life the traditional vows of marriage in becoming a unity of one, forever and always. “They are certainly carrying on the traditions of their royal relatives, especially HRH the Queen and the late Prince Philip.”  Paul added: “James will make a great father, as will Alizee a mother, which we have seen even on their wedding day with their ever-growing family of dogs who were present as integral guests. “The couple’s sense of happiness and feeling of completeness is based on both a physiological psychological structure due to the release of oxytocin and dopamine which is the natural chemicals we exude when we are in love with someone,” the expert claimed. “James and Alizee’s natural compatibility is indicative of the seven signs of love based on body language. “We call these the love hormones, eye contact, facial expression, touch, attention, openness, protective gestures and proximity," Paul added. 