  BBC Breakfast star Naga Munchetty, 47, urged her new colleague to “ask for help” after she discussed her new role on social media. The Radio 5 Live presenter took to Twitter to comfort another BBC star, revealing her own struggles while working for the broadcaster.      Laura Conder, who has just announced she will be joining the BBC as a Journalism Researcher, had an exchange with Naga on Twitter yesterday. On Monday Laura told her 441 followers: “I’ve got news time. “Next month I will be joining the @BBCNews as a Journalism Researcher in News Intake. “Still suffering from massive imposter syndrome about it but so incredibly happy about going into a dream role so early in my career. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’    “Sadly that does mean that I will be leaving at @BedsLive (Bedfordshire Live). “It's been an absolute privilege to cover my home patch as my first proper journalism job. “Luton is such a fantastic place and it will always be home. I will also not be renouncing my crown as the Queen of Luton ever. “Thank you to all the wonderful press officers, people and amazing individuals of Luton and Bedfordshire who've let me tell their stories. It's been an honour.”      Responding to Laura’s heartfelt message, Naga shared some words of encouragement with the young journalist in view of her 270,100 followers. “Hi Laura - Welcome! I also often feel imposter syndrome - It's not so unusual,” the BBC star admitted. “Do your best, ask for help and well done on the dream role!” Laura then replied: “Thank you so much. You really shouldn't feel that way either. READ MORE... Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore [INSIGHT] Jane McDonald receives marriage proposal on same day as co-star [LATEST] Johnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip [UPDATE]      “You've worked extremely hard for your success. I really appreciate your kind words.” Plenty of other high-profile names wished Laura luck on the next stage of her career. BBC News reporter Ros Atkins commented: “Congratulations Laura. Looking forward to seeing you in the newsroom.” Hamzah Abbas wrote: “Well done Laura! Let me know if you have any questions about working at the BBC.”      Scott Edwards penned: “Congrats Laura. Recently joined the BBC News team from Reach too and felt exactly the same but what I’ve quickly learned is that they don’t just hire just anyone so you must have smashed the interview! Well done!” Rich Preston commented: “Congratulations!! Welcome to the beeb! Imposter syndrome is nothing to worry about. “There’s no template here and we’re all made better by the variety of backgrounds and skills and experiences of everyone we work with. Come and say hi when you start!” Political Correspondent Chris Mason added: “Well done, Laura -- and welcome! Don't worry about imposter syndrome; it's totally normal.”   