Representatives from Arsenal will be in attendance to watch Tammy Abraham lead the line for Roma against Leicester City on Thursday evening, according to reports. The Gunners have been heavily linked with a summer move for the former Chelsea striker, who has enjoyed a new lease of life in Italy after swapping the Premier League for Serie A back in pre-season. Abraham has chipped in with 24 goals in all competitions for Roma this season and is said to be firmly on Arsenal's radar, with Mikel Arteta keen on landing at least one new striker in the summer months. The Gunners will step up their interest in Abraham on Thursday by sending scouts to watch him 'up close' for Roma at the King Power Stadium, according to Tuttomercatoweb.The report claims that Arsenal will have 'observers in the stands' on Thursday evening as they continue to weigh up their options in the market in advance of the summer window. They look set to lose Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah when their current deals expire at the end of the season to leave Folarin Balogun as their only contracted striker unless any new signings can be made over the coming months.However, it remains to be seen whether Abraham would be willing to return to England with Arsenal or if he will stay at Roma to continue his development on an upward trajectory under Jose Mourinho's guidance. It is said that he views Thursday's match against Leicester as a golden opportunity to prove his doubters wrong after being deemed surplus to requirements at Chelsea towards the end of last season. JUST IN: Man City boss Pep Guardiola congratulates Real Madrid despite defeat It seems likely that Arsenal would be forced to shell out a significant transfer fee in order to bring Abraham to the Emirates Stadium between now and the start of next season. Those in power at Roma have slapped a price tag in the region of £67.5million on their prized asset, which is the same value of the buy-back clause that was inserted into his contract by Chelsea last summer, according to football.london.Arsenal are said to have other irons in the fire, though, with Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus having reportedly entered preliminary talks with the Gunners over the possibility of a  summer move to north London. Arteta has already underlined the importance of getting things right in terms of player recruitment ahead of next season as he looks to prepare for a renewed top-four challenge in the Premier League at the very next time of asking. "I think now is the moment we have to go to a different level," the Arsenal boss recently told Sky Sports. "We have been able to get the squad balance in a much better shape."Financially, we are in a much more stable position with the money we have spent on certain players touching the pitch for a certain amount of minutes. That balance is much better spread out across the squad and now is the moment to raise the quality." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here