The Sky News presenter landed a stinging rebuke on the Government Minister after Mr Eustice opted not to answer on whether he understood the public's anger about the tax status of Rishi Sunak's wife. Kay Burley blasted the Environmental Secretary as she spelt out why the British public was so enraged by the revelations. The Sky News host asked: "Do you understand why the British people are angry that the man who has increased tax for them, his wife was not paying tax on overseas income to the extent of millions of pounds? Do you understand why there is anger amongst the British public on that? "I mean, I think people shouldn't judge the chancellor," replied Mr Eustice. Ms Burley fired back: "I mean, it's obvious. It's obvious. "I mean, are you so out of touch with the Government that you don't understand that people are struggling to feed their kids, whereas the man who's always enforcing these laws on them these taxes on them, his is rolling in it?"  It comes as the beleaguered Chancellor has referred himself to Boris Johnson's independent adviser on ministerial interests as he sought to fend off questions over his family's financial affairs. In a letter to the Prime Minister, Mr Sunak asked that Lord Geidt should review all his declarations of interest since he first became a minister in 2018 to ensure they had been properly stated. While he said he was confident he had acted appropriately at all times, his "overriding concern" was that the public should have confidence in the answers. The move came after Labour warned that disclosures that his wife was non-domiciled in the UK for tax purposes and that he still had a US green card when he became Chancellor raised potential conflicts of interest.  Deputy leader Angela Rayner has written to the Prime Minister and Lord Geidt with a series of detailed questions about his family's affairs which she said needed answering. "A fish rots from the head. It is the Prime Minister's responsibility to bring this debacle to a close by ensuring that standards are upheld across his Cabinet," she said. Mr Sunak's latest attempt to defuse the political storm that has engulfed him came after an announcement on Friday by his wife, Akshata Murty, that she would pay UK taxes on all her worldwide income failed to stem the criticism. In his letter requesting a review, Mr Sunak said: "My overriding concern is that the public retain confidence in the answers that are given and I believe the best way of achieving this is to ensure those answers are entirely independent, without bias or favour," he said. "I am confident that such a review of my declarations will find all relevant information was appropriately declared. "I have throughout my ministerial career followed the advice of officials regarding matters or propriety and disclosure and will continue to do so." Mr Sunak's latest attempt to defuse the political storm that has engulfed him came after an announcement on Friday by his wife, Akshata Murty, that she would pay UK taxes on all her worldwide income failed to stem the criticism. It has been estimated that her non-dom status could have saved her £20 million in taxes on dividends from her shares in Infosys, an Indian IT company founded by her father. In his letter requesting a review, Mr Sunak said: "My overriding concern is that the public retain confidence in the answers that are given and I believe the best way of achieving this is to ensure those answers are entirely independent, without bias or favour," he said. "I am confident that such a review of my declarations will find all relevant information was appropriately declared. "I have throughout my ministerial career followed the advice of officials regarding matters or propriety and disclosure and will continue to do so." 