Cristiano Ronaldo’s sister Katia Aveiro has written an emotional post to her brother and his girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez, following the death of their baby son. The couple announced the tragic news that one of their twin babies did not make it. Taking to Instagram, Katia shared her belief that their baby boy was now with her and Cristiano’s father, José Dinis Aveiro, who died of liver failure in 2005. "Our little angel is already on daddy's lap," she wrote. "I love you and my heart is with you over there. May God take care of you and strengthen your path more and more. "Our little girl is there firm and strong and full of health and is going to show us with every day that only love matters." Alongside her beautiful words, Katia posted photos of Cristiano and Georgina. Earlier today, the Manchester United player released a statement that read: “It is with our deepest sadness that we announce the passing of our baby boy. “It's the greatest pain any parent can feel. Only the birth of our baby girl gives us the strength to live this moment with some hope and happiness. "We would like to thank the doctors and nurses for all their expert care and support. We are all devastated at this loss and we kindly ask for privacy at this very difficult time. "Our baby boy, you are our angel. We will always love you. Cristiano Ronaldo and Georgina Rodriguez." The pair had their first child together in 2017, when Georgina gave birth to Alana Martina. Cristiano became father to twins Eva and Mateo in June 2017 via surrogacy, and he also has an 11-year-old son named Cristiano Jr. Gary Lineker was one of many to pay his respects to the couple on social media, tweeting: "Terribly sad news. Sincere condolences to you and your family." DON'T MISS...'Complete b******t!' Piers Morgan reignites row with Meghan MarkleNick Knowles, 59, cosies up to new girlfriend, Katie Dadzie, 31Danni Menzies addresses 'lots of tears' on A Place In The Sun Many of Ronaldo's team-mates showed their support for him on Instagram and Twitter, posting heart emojis in response to the statement. Manchester United said: "Your pain is our pain. Sending love and strength to you and the family at this time, @Cristiano." Last month, Georgina shared a series of snaps of her twins’ nursery, adorned with two Moses baskets, cots and highchairs, as she prepared for the birth. A few days earlier, the model posted a loving tribute to Cristiano as the family celebrated Father’s Day in Portugal. Alongside a photograph of the footballer playing in the pool with the children, Georgina wrote: “Every day by your side is happy and special. “We love you infinitely. Thank you so much to the best father in the world.” Sands 0808 164 3332 sands.org.uk offers free support to anyone affected by the loss of a baby through stillbirth or neonatal death. The website also has an online forum where you can speak to people who have suffered similar experiences and a list of support groups so you can find the one closest to you.