Marian Richardson's relatives are "hurt, disappointed and let down" with the driver's actions, which they say "ruined" their final goodbye to the pensioner. The motorist allegedly "ranted and shouted" as he weaved between the two funeral cars last Wednesday in Cheshunt, Hertfordshire. Representatives at utilities company E.ON apologised for the blunder. Speaking to Herts Live, Marian's daughter Deborah said: "We got into the car to take my mum on her final journey and, as usual, the undertaker led the way. He'd just got back in the car and pulled away, and the E.ON van came down the road and continued to barge his way through. "We slowed right down, and he insisted on pushing his way through to the point where he actually couldn't move himself. He had to wait for the funeral hearse to move forward before he could get through. "He then got through and rolled down the window and he verbally abused the driver, which my children [aged 16 and 19] heard. He was just ranting and shouting." A funeral procession gives families the opportunity to mourn their loved one and marks their final journey. It is widely considered disrespectful to interrupt a procession by driving between the hearse and other vehicles.  Marian had a stroke four years ago, and the family had cared for her in their home in Cheshunt until she died. Deborah continued: "I've nursed my mum for four years in this house, and then to have this on her last journey, it was heartbreaking. "She was very sweet. Everybody referred to her as Nanny. Everybody. She was very old fashioned. So for that to have happened to her, she wouldn't have been able to comprehend it. She was very traditional." Deborah's friend, the professional snooker player Stuart Bingham, took to social media to express his horror and share the video. He appealed to his followers to help him find the driver, saying: "Someone on here must be able to help find who this driver is? This happened at a close friend's mother's funeral. Absolutely disgusting behaviour not just driving between two funeral cars, but then verbally abusing the driver." After the snooker player had posted the video online, a representative for E.ON was in touch with Deborah's husband on Twitter to apologise. The family had previously attempted to report the incident through E.ON's online chat function, but they were told to email their complaints team. Deborah said: "I emailed with complaints department and I received a reply back, saying that they now had all the information they needed to open my account and if I could just supply my address and details, then they could formalise it. "My husband had a response by Twitter yesterday [Monday, April 25], but only to say how sorry they were and they were transferring the details. Nothing has come through to me yet." Asked about the actions she would like to see from E.ON, Deborah said: "I would like for the CEO to watch that video, and say how we would feel if that was his mother's funeral. What would he have done?" When HertsLive contacted E.ON, a spokesperson said: "We've had the opportunity to speak to Mrs Thompson and to apologise unreservedly for the insensitivity and for the added distress during what will have been an incredibly difficult time for all of her family. "We’ll also be making a donation to a charity of her choice by way of apology. We will be fully investigating this incident and providing feedback to the technician involved."