Owning a home isn’t only an emotional experience, it’s also a financial decision that can pay dividends as homeowners build up equity in their home and see their property value increase over time. The rate of this property value increase can depend on a number of different factors, including the community where the house is located, local demand for housing, and the economy as a whole. But homeowners can also affect their home’s value over time by making upgrades and changes that increase its appeal and merit a higher selling price. Whether homeowners are planning to sell in the near future or they simply want to continue to grow the value of their home investment, there are many steps they can take to increase the value of your home. Property experts at First State Community Bank have shared proven strategies that can pay dividends when it finally comes time to sell. Updating home finishes is said to make “bigger impacts” on buyers and property value than anything else. The experts said: “Superficial changes can make a bigger impact on buyers than more intensive renovations. “Many estate agents rave about the difference a fresh coat of paint can make—especially given the low cost of this upgrade.” READ MORE: Property for sale: Hydrangeas and other plants to add home value  Some experts argue that a fresh coat of paint throughout the house can increase the home’s sale price by as much as five percent. They added: “Other simple upgrades, from replacing old light fixtures to changing out your front door, can also give your home a nice bump in value.” Upgrading to energy-efficient features and appliances will also “appeal more” to potential buyers. The property pros said: “Energy-efficient upgrades reduce your utilities bills while you own the home. “When it comes time to sell, these upgrades will also offer more appeal to buyers, many of whom are interested in energy-efficient features to lower their own costs as a homeowner. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to clean ovens using a dishwasher tablet - ‘easy trick’ [COMMENT]Laundry: How to properly remove ‘yellow’ stains from pillows [EXPERT]Laundry: How to dry clothes faster and reduce energy bill costs [TIPS] “If your home currently features old appliances that guzzle energy and date your interiors, an upgrade—even if it’s installing modestly priced modern appliances—can help you net a higher sale price.” Homeowners can freshen up their curb appeal through simple landscaping features such as new plants and fresh mulch. This can help give a home a great first impression. The experts added: “These changes don’t cost much, and you can do many of them on your own. Both potential buyers and appraisers will be influenced by this visual impact.” Many estate agents will say that kitchens and bathrooms are the rooms that sell homes. The property gurus said: “In many cases, a kitchen or bathroom remodel can offer a 100 percent or greater return on your investment. “That number could be even higher depending on the finishes you choose, the amount of labor you’re willing to do yourself, and how much of an upgrade these changes offer over your home’s current condition. “If you have a renovation budget, kitchen and bathroom upgrades are the best way to increase the value of your home.” Finishing off basement or other unfinished rooms is an important calculation when determining a home’s fair market value. The experts said: “Even if you don’t want to invest in a heavy-duty makeover, simple steps like putting up drywall and adding carpet to a room can turn unfinished space into a profitable addition to your home. “This allows you to increase the value of your home by expanding the footprint of this finished space.” When you’re selling or getting an appraisal on a home, a little deep cleaning can go a long way. Take this opportunity to dust in high places, give floors a good mop, and haul excess junk and clutter.