Moira (played by Natalie J Robb) hasn't had a storyline of her own in some time on Emmerdale as she has been supporting other villagers with their qualms, such as her brother Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb) and his relationships problems. Bosses have hinted in the past something big was on the horizon for the farmer as she and Cain (Jeff Hordley) are in the best position they've been in romantically for a few years. However, she might be hiding a secret from him she is expecting his baby on the ITV soap but he might not even get to know he has another child on the way. The hint was dropped towards the start of Monday night's episode as Moira celebrated her birthday with Cain and her mother in law, Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter), in the Woolpack. After they had eaten their meal, the farmer's husband organised for his sister, Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter), to bring out a pink birthday cake. Faith pointed out it looked like it was for a child, with her daughter confirming it was meant to be for a little boy or girl. On this note, Faith thought she would play a joke on her son by hinting his wife was pregnant with his fifth child and their second together. "Now's the time to tell him," the troublesome Dingle mother said as she gave her daughter in law a knowing look to wind her son up. READ MORE: Law and Order delay sparks backlash as NBC fails to air new episodes It seemed to do the trick as Cain was extremely worried as to what his wife and mother had been keeping from him and the thought of another child seemed to terrify him. "Tell me what?" he asked and after a prolonged period of silence, Moira finally replied: "Look at the face on you. Don't panic." Although she seemed to dismiss the idea she was having another baby, the farmer could have decided to tell him a lie after seeing the look on her husband's face. Moira knows they have both done parenthood a number of times and now they're getting older, they would want to focus on the children they already have. The expectant mother could start to consider her options as she doesn't want to terminate the pregnancy but she might not want the child either. Moira has been known to keep secrets from her husband in the past and she could do a good job in harbouring the fact she's pregnant from him. As she finally musters up the courage to tell him she's pregnant, she could be too little too late as Cain is taken away from her. At the end of Monday night's episode, it was hinted death was on the horizon for the bad boy of the village as his feud with Al Chapman (Michael Wildman) comes to its head. The men were locking horns once again as Cain was furious his sister, Belle Dingle (Eden Taylor-Draper) had decided to go into business with his archenemies. With Belle eating out the palm of Al's hand, he goaded Cain, telling him more people were going to side with him over the coming weeks. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker bids sad farewell to co-star Paige Sandhu [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Katie Hill told to go back home by bosses after blunder [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten posts health update after hospital rush [COMMENT] Needing to intervene, Chas ushered Al away before talking with her brother, telling him: "Look at yourself. For God's sake, Cain, this has to end before it goes too far." "Why don't you tell him that?" Cain barked back, to which his sister replied: "Because I don't care about Al. "But if you keep pushing and pushing each other like this, sooner or later one of you is going to end up in a body bag." The bad boy of the village said to Chas: "Let's just hope it's not me," hinting he could be making an exit from the show. It's been revealed the men will go head to head in an explosive set of episodes and it could potentially lead to one of their deaths. If it were Cain who died in the climax of the ongoing storyline, Moira would be devastated she didn't get to tell him he was going to be a father. It would also solidify in her mind she wouldn't be able to raise another child on her own but she would be too far along in the pregnancy. Looking into adoption agencies, she could contemplate giving her child up so they can be raised by another couple who can't have children. But when it comes to giving her baby away, she could be torn once more as it would be the last reminder she has of Cain. Although they have one son together, this baby would have been with her through the heartache of losing her husband so could this bond make her second think her decision? Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media earlier this year, producer Laura Shaw teased some finer details about Cain and Al's feud comes to a head. Laura said: "I can also confirm that we do have one of our big special weeks planned for later in the year, which will contain the culmination of some of our biggest stories as well as the start of other big stories." Executive producer Jane Hudson added: "I think we can probably tease in our special week that Cain and Al's feud is definitely not over. Something will happen that will make those two have to look at their relationship with each other. "So there's definitely going to be an explosive Cain/Al moment in our special week. I think the audience are really enjoying these two men constantly at war." But will this see Cain leave the village for good after two decades of causing drama? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.