The recent cold and wintery weather may have left some people’s gardens and lawns in a state of disrepair. Speaking exclusively with Express.co.uk, UK Lawn Care Group expert Josh McNicholas, has shared his tips for those lawns that have been particularly impacted by the recent bout of ice, hail, snow and rain. The lawn care expert said: “An unexpected bout of cold weather or snow, like we have seen over the past few days, can really damage your lawn, especially when it is starting to get used to the warmer temperatures of spring. “Too low temperatures can stop seeds germinating that you might have put down last week. “Ice can actually tear grass apart and if the grass experiences heavy traffic such as children playing, or a family pet, it can compact the ground. “All of this can undo any hard work you have put in to your lawn since the start of March.” Here’s what to do if your lawn has been impacted by snow and cold weather over the last few days: READ MORE: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants  Mr McNicholas said snow and ice can compact a lawn if it does not melt fast enough. This can stop new grass growing and cause issues for established roots. The lawn care expert advised gardeners to give their lawns a day or two to breathe after snow to ensure it has all melted. He added: “You can also lightly go over areas that have had heavy traffic during the snow, with a garden rake to loosen the soil and undo any compacted material.” DON'T MISSHow to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT]How to clean your washing machine with easy ingredients [UPDATE]Lawn care tips: Steps to get your lawn ‘immaculate’ for summer [ANALYSIS] Grass, like any other plant, needs to be given the right food in order to thrive and survive the elements. The lawn care expert said now is the “perfect time of year” to apply a spring/summer feed. This will give a lawn everything it needs to wake up from winter and get ready for the main growing season. Mr McNicholas suggested using TotalLawns Luxury Lawn Feed which has slow release technology to feed a lawn for a full 90 days. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea It’s important to understand what each brand offers your lawn and exactly what you are buying. Other brands include Miracle Gro Lawn Food, Aftercut All In One, Phostrogen Organic Lawn Food and Lawn Magic. For those who have recently seeded their lawns, over the next week or two it will become very clear if any seed was damaged during the recent cold spell. Leftover seed can be used to rectify this, however, for those who don’t, Mr McNicholas suggested using a “quick fix”.  He suggested using the Patch Pro kit which is a blend of high quality seed and pre-seed fertiliser. A handful can be put on the affected area and along with some topsoil. This will then need to be kept well-watered so allow the lawn to “bounce back”. Other products that can fix lawn patches include Aftercut Grass Patch Fix, Miracle Gro Patch Magic, Miracle Gro Patch Magic Grass Seed and Evergreen Lawn Repair Kit.