Netflix’s highly acclaimed crime series Ozark will return with the second part of the fourth and final season. Fans have been eagerly awaiting to see the fate of their favourite characters and a short preview showed Ruth Langmore (played by Julia Garner) will meet the rap arctic Killer Mike.  Ozark first aired in 2017 and throughout the series fans have watched Marty Byrde (Jason Bateman) and his wife Wendy Byrde (Laura Linney) launder money. With a focus on staying alive, viewers were enthralled by the gripping storylines which kept them on the edge of their seats. However, as the first part of season four focused on the pair trying to cut ties with the Navarro cartel, it seemed as though things had eased for the Byrdes. As they have yet to relocate to Chicago, things could get easier for Ruth after sharing an unlikely bond with rapper Killer Mike. READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry As the seasons unfolded, there hadn’t been any special cameos from celebrities who portrayed themselves in the show. However, after a preview clip was released, it looked as though their conversation was beneficial as it may have helped Ruth deal with some trauma. In the video, the rap artist appeared to be sitting down in a restaurant having food with a friend. This is when Ruth, who was listening to music through her earphones stopped at their table to show Mike her appreciation.  She stated: “I just wanted to say, I really love your s**t.” Killer Mike responded “I appreciate you, thank you,” before asking what song she was listening to. After replying with “Nothing, stuck in the past,” she shared an earbud with the rapper who approved of her music taste. Listening to Nas’ “NY State of Mind,” Ruth shared her interpretation of the classic song. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop host Jay Blades has DIY show axed by BBC [INSIGHT] Ozark season 4 part 2 release time: When is the finale on Netflix? [INSIGHT]Ozark season 4 part 2 theory: Ruth Langmore killed by newcomer [THEORY] She said: “It always feels to me, like he hates it and misses it all at once and he’s only f*g 20.” Which led Killer Mike to reply: “You know, when I listen to that record his projects are in Queens and you can kind of see Manhattan and I always thought it was so hopeful and f*g cruel at the same time.” Ruth asked: “You ever wonder if he’d trade the record if it meant not having to go through all that s**t?” While the rapper cryptically countered: “Well if you’ve got to ask the question.” In part one, Ruth was fuelled with rage as she departed on a journey to Chicago, after stopping off at a restaurant where she met Killer Mike. While the two didn’t bond over their love of the Nas track, their conversation may have brought some comfort to Ruth who had been living with trauma for the majority of her life. Through the rapper’s words of wisdom, the two shared a moment where they understood what it was like to grow up struggling and still love the place you call home. Fans will have to tune in on Friday to see if his conversation will impact Ruth’s journey as well as the revenge she was seeking. Ozark season four, part two will premiere on Netflix on Friday, April 29. 