Britain's Got Talent launched its fifteenth season this year, and after its two-year hiatus, viewers had high hopes for the newest instalment. The show launched this month, and onlookers have called out multiple acts for being too "professional", and the ITV show has spoken out to defend the acts on Britain's Got Talent. So far this year, onlookers have had a mixture of animal performers, dance troupes, comedians and singers to entertain them. The golden buzzer has been hit multiple times by judges, which has caused spectators to question if some of the acts are too polished to take part. London Gospel Community Choir, who appeared in the most recent showcase, won over judges Amanda Holden, Simon Cowell, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams when they performed The O'Jays Love Train and Anytime You Need A Friend by Mariah Carey. With fans taking to social media to call out the choir for already experiencing success, Britain's Got Talent released a statement to defend the act. Read More: Emmerdale theory: Vanessa Woodfield heartbroken as she discovers Suzy's secret   A BGT spokesperson said: "This is not a fix, and we take fix claims extremely seriously. Anyone can apply for Britain's Got Talent, whether they are professional or amateur, irrespective of their experience." Talking to The Mirror, they continued: "All contestants are auditioned on merit and judged on their performance on the day and whilst some of the acts appearing on the show may have tasted a level of success, they are not household names. "All enter the contest with the hope of elevating their career to the highest level. " The statement came off of the back of the act receiving a negative audience reaction online.   Viewer @mikepriestley13 tweeted: "London gospel choir. They are good, but I hear this morning they are already famous. If that's true, it puts a dampener on it. "I mean they are good but if they made it already what's the point of going on? #BGT." (sic) Ian Brooker added: "Why does #BGT have the London Community Gospel Choir on? Yes, they are brilliant. But they are already famous?!" @chigworld stated: "London Community Gospel Choir are phenomenal. That's why they're well-known, successful and often on TV or other artists' recordings. I have no idea why they've been allowed onto #BritainsGotTalent @BGT @itv @antanddec @SimonCowell @davidwalliams @AleshaOfficial @AmandaHolden." DON’T MISS…Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles pays tribute to co-star 'She's perfect' [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest in awe as £4 charity shop frame holds valuable abstract painting [LATEST]'Irritates me!' Esther Rantzen: Queen has 'earned right' to have Andrew at her side  [LATEST] Alderney Womble echoed her fellow confused viewers and said: "Watching BGT. The London Community Gospel Choir are literally already world famous. They were on Blue Peter all the time when I was little. "Ask anyone in the street to name a Gospel Choir and that's who they say. They would score 89 on a Pointless question about Gospel." (sic) However, it wasn't all doom and gloom online the choir, with several viewers jumping to their defence. @1madwoman1962 enjoyed the act and said: My favorites tonight were The London Gospel choir and bone to perform @BGT."  