Stunning footage surfaced appearing to show Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis sitting in a horse-drawn carriage. The Duchess of Cambridge also appears to be standing to the right on the Castle's quadrangle. Princess Eugenie holds on to her son August's hands as he toddles around on the grass in a clip circulating on social media. Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, the husband of her sister Princess Beatrice, also appears to be taking photos of the carriage around which a dog can be seen running, the Mirror reports. The Cambridge News, which was among the Twitter accounts posting the video, commented: "So excited!!! The Queen's great grandchildren at Windsor Castle!!! For sure we will have a new portrait for Platinum Jubilee. This will be awesome. "Or maybe they are practicing (sic) in the carriage for Trooping the Colour? What do you all think?" Royal fans expressed their excitement at the 40 second-long footage which has been viewed almost 100,000 times to date.  Twitter user jussie9020 said: "Awww that's brilliant...I bet that took a lot of [effort] especially with the younger ones!" royalimposters posted: "This made my day! So happy!" Fellow Royal fan loveforcambridg tweeted: "Ahh imagine how cute those pictures are. I think they were practicing (sic) to be on a carriage for Trooping the Colour." To which NewsCambridges replied: "Whether they are practicing for trooping the colour or Platinum Jubilee portrait, it is exciting!!!" Diana64468594 said: "I think it's so lovely that her descendants will be a part of this once in a lifetime Jubilee!"  READ MORE ABOUT THE MADELEINE MCCANN CASE And marias44448 commented: "Can’t wait! Mostly, I’m excited to hear HMTQ will see her great grandchildren. What a joy!" Emergence of the footage comes days after reports Prince William and Kate's children George, Charlotte and Louis will have starring roles in the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The three Cambridge children will all take a visible part in the Jubilee celebrations taking place in June, according to the Telegraph. It says fans can look forward to them taking part in carriage rides at Trooping the Colour.  DON'T MISS: French firm behind UK passport delays and chaos to be reprimanded [REVEALED] Heartwarming moment rescue dogs meet owner's baby for the first time [REPORT] Royal Navy emergency declared over English Channel [LATEST] Louis, who celebrated his fourth birthday at the weekend, is now the same Prince William was when he first rode in a carriage at Trooping the Colour. That was in 1987 alongside his mum Princess Diana and great-grandmother the Queen Mother.  Meanwhile, on Thursday the Queen looked in good form as she held a face-to-face audience with the president of Switzerland at Windsor Castle. It was her first official engagement after a week-long break at the Sandringham estate. The monarch smiled as she shook hands and posed for photographs with Ignazio Cassis and his wife Paola in her Oak Room sitting room. The Queen returned to her Berkshire castle a day ago after staying at the late Duke of Edinburgh's Wood Farm cottage where she celebrated her 96th birthday.  She stood without her walking stick and was dressed in a blue and grey, paisley-style patterned silk dress for the audience. The sovereign was wearing a fruit-themed brooch which features a sapphire bow and 16 small diamonds shaped like a bunch of grapes. Buckingham Palace said the Queen is hoping to attend the State Opening of Parliament on May 10, but confirmation is expected closer to the time or on the day. 