Sam Mitchell (played by Kim Medcalf) has returned to EastEnders after being summoned by brother Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) to help out with the family business. The stalwart was surprised to see Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) on the scene despite Phil moving on with Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace). But, a new theory suggests Sam’s swipe about Sharon and Phil having an affair could be true. In Tuesday’s episode, Sharon and Kat are gobsmacked to see Sam has returned. She remains tight-lipped about her intentions other than revealing Phil has entrusted her with sorting out his business. The blonde bombshell instantly realises Sharon knows more about the trouble Ben Mitchell (Max Bowden) has found himself in than Kat does. After meeting with her nephew, who shot down her idea of a solution to his attacking spree, Sharon joined Sam for a drink. “How did it go with Ben?” Sharon asked and Sam replied: “What’s it to you?” Read more: EastEnders theory: Lily Slater runs away after heartbreaking diagnosis Sam explained the meeting didn’t go as planned before Sharon quipped: “Must have been quite a surprise hearing from Phil out of the blue?” “Not really, Phil can rely on me for anything,” she hit back. “Let’s take a trip down memory lane, shall we?” Sharon said. “Phil entrusts you with his business and you burn half of it and sell the rest. “I’m surprised he trusts you with a box of tissues no mind dealing with Ben.” Sam quizzed: “What’s going on with you and Phil because I notice stuff. “You and Kat had way different reactions to Phil calling me back in. You know what Ben has done, don’t you?” “I stopped caring about Ben when I divorced Phil,” Sharon protested. “And what about caring for Phil?” Sam mocked. “Are you having conjugal [visits] behind Kat’s back?” “Don’t be disgusting,” Sharon exclaimed and the Mitchell sister swiped: “I’ll tell you what’s disgusting sleeping with one brother one night and the other the next.” DON'T MISSBarbarba Windsor heartbreak: Carry On star's emotional photo of actor [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Peter Beale to sabotage Kathy and Rocky  [THEORY]EastEnders theory: New family arrive in Square as Gray's home sold [SPOILER] Sharon seems to have moved on from her divorce with a new business and long lost family members to worry about. However, could she and Phil still harbour romantic feelings for one another? Sharon went behind Kat’s back by visiting Phil to tell him about Ben’s violent spree. Although she insisted to Sam there’s nothing between the former lovers, could she be hiding something? What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Phil may have let slip to Sam something on their phone call that’s led her to believe he still loves his ex-wife. Sharon attempted to warn Sam off but she hit back revealing she’s been entrusted with a business meeting. “I’m going nowhere love so you better start playing nice I know a b***h with a secret when I see one,” Sam told her former sister-in-law. Is Sharon hiding her true feelings for Phil from Kat or does she have another secret to worry about? EastEnders airs on BBC One on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday at 7.30pm.