On Thursday, it was revealed shares in Netflix plummeted by 35 percent following a wave of subscribers abandoning the streaming giant. Experts have warned that Netflix will struggle to bounce back from the over $50 billion dropped from its market value after the streaming service hiked prices. Professor Cele Otnes, a marketing expert specialising in how the Royal Family brands itself, suggested the content the Duke and Duchess are generating for the streaming giant lacks originality, as viewers will likely already be familiar with the events before the documentary is released. Professor Otnes told Express.co.uk she was “perplexed” by the filming of well-reported events, to be rehashed in new documentaries. She questioned the “content value” of such snippets, and the “inherent value” the Sussexes could bring to the streaming service. She said: “I'm perplexed why we are seeing the events in real life (e.g, at the Invictus ceremonies last year), and why there is any ‘content value’ to seeing these edited again in Netflix shows. “For example, we often don't view the fights or content on the Kardashian programs prior to them airing; we only hear about them. “I'm not sure how much inherent value Harry and Meghan are bringing to Netflix; there is some discussion that they are in fact contributing to the disinterest in, and market devaluation, of Netflix." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex signed a deal with Netflix worth $100 million back in 2020, but have yet to produce any finished content. Last year, it was announced that the couple would be part of a documentary focused on the Invictus Games, which they attended in the Hague this week. READ MORE: Earl and Countess of Wessex's Queen Jubilee trip to Grenada cancelled Camera crews followed the Duke and Duchess as they filmed for Heart Of Invictus during their visit to the Netherlands. On Wednesday, US investor William Ackman pulled out from his over $1billion investment in the company, taking a $400million hit. He said his investment felt shaky after Netflix announced changes to its business model. Mr Ackman said in a statement: “While Netflix's business is fundamentally simple to understand, in light of recent events, we have lost confidence in our ability to predict the company's future prospects with a sufficient degree of certainty.” DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry NOT welcome back in UK: ‘NO, NO, NO!’ – POLL [REVEAL] Inside Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s Montecito mansion [INSIGHT] Royal POLL: Would you welcome Harry and Meghan back to live in the UK [VOTE] Netflix announced earlier this week it would consider toughening up rules on password sharing. An estimated 100 million households access Netflix for free by sharing passwords. The move was prompted by a steep drop in subscribers to the service, meaning the streaming giant failed to come within reach of its targets. Netflix said its subscribers had fallen by 200,000 in 2022. Netflix told shareholders “revenue growth has slowed considerably”. They said: “Our relatively high household penetration - when including the large number of households sharing accounts - combined with competition, is creating revenue growth headwinds.”