  Piers Morgan’s new TalkTV show Uncensored aired tonight, opening almost immediately with a clip from Ricky Gervais, 60. The comedian sarcastically wished Piers luck, as the 57-year-old journalist thanked him with equal amounts of sarcasm.    Sitting in his new studio, Piers kicked off his new show tonight in unsurprisingly bold fashion. Welcoming in viewers from around the world, he began by comparing himself to South African revolutionary and peace symbol Nelson Mandela. “As Nelson Mandela might have said… It's been a long walk to freedom of speech,” Piers said. “But now, I’m back… With a nightly forum for fabulous guests, fearless debate. And, yes… Some fun!” READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’     He then turned his attention to After Life star Ricky who appeared in a brief cameo. Piers continued: “In fact, just before we came on air tonight, I received this wonderfully sincere good luck message from the world’s funniest man.” Ricky then appeared on the screen looking utterly unimpressed. He said: “The producers of Piers Morgan's new show contacted me and asked me if I'd like to be a guest. I said, ‘Definitely not’.      “They said, ‘Would you mind doing a quick video wishing him luck?’ “I said, ‘Do I have to mean it?’ They said, ‘No.’ I said, ‘Good luck.’” “Thanks Ricky,” Piers said with a big smile after the clip played, holding one hand up to his chest as if to mockingly imply that the well-wishes were heartfelt. He then swiftly turned to the topic of his explosive new interview with former US President Donald Trump, which was the primary focus of the evening. READ MORE... Demi Rose in risqué display flashing cleavage in sheer corset [PICS] Donald Trump mocks Prince Harry as HE 'made the Queen smile' [INSIGHT] Michelle Keegan dubbed ‘fittest woman ever’ after ‘unreal' bikini snaps [PICS]     Viewers took to social media to complain about the cameo, criticising Ricky for his decision to partake. Nicky Clark wrote: “So far, so Piers Morgan Manifesto with an ironic video by Ricky Gervais. “Thereby giving his fan base what they want, which is to flip cancel culture. But inoffensive enough not to enrage moderates #piersuncensored.” (sic) Oscar commented: “@rickygervais Those two self indulgent virtue signalling megalomaniacs deserve each other. Perhaps it's something to do with having French names.” (sic)      Mic Wright penned: “The opening of Piers Morgan’s show has “cancel culture” and “snowflake society” in the VT. “And Morgan begins, ‘As Nelson Mandela might have said it’s been a long walk to freedom of speech…’ “Then he goes straight into a video message from Ricky Gervais. I wish I wasn’t sober.” However, David Herbert pointed out: “Really? Criticising Ricky Gervais' free speech, on a program with @piersmorgan, that's a platform for free speech. “Both men always speak their minds and are great in their own way but they don't have to see eye to eye. Some people are missing the point of the show… No?” (sic) The first episodes of Piers Morgan’s show Uncensored aired tonight at 8pm on TalkTV.   