The UK Government is preparing new legislation to allow MPs to overrule the Northern Ireland protocol. As a result, Express.co.uk asked readers’ opinions on whether this is the right way to go. In a poll that ran from 11am to 6pm on Sunday, April 24, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Boris Johnson override Northern Ireland protocol with new law?” A total of 2,270 people cast their votes with the overwhelming majority opting for “yes”, Mr Johnson should override the Northern Ireland protocol with new law. A further five percent (107 people) said “no” and just nine people said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article in a lively debate. Most readers were in favour of a new law to negate the Northern Ireland protocol. One user, Oldreo said: “Yes and we should reciprocate all border checks, but need to be prepared for shortages as the EU response.” Username SanjayP said: “Of course the PM should do everything possible, including new laws, if that means he is protecting the territorial integrity of the UK.” And username randpa wrote: “The sooner the better YES.” Others commented that as a sovereign nation the UK should dictate its own rules. Username DoggyDay said: “The WHOLE of the UK including Northern Ireland is a sovereign nation that cannot have laws imposed on it by a foreign power. The EU is a foreign power, so yes Boris should introduce a new law to tear up the Protocol!” And username JL77 said: “Absolutely it’s right, his duty is to protect all this country and it’s citizens not appease unelected bureaucrats! We have a right to be a sovereign country.” Username UK.Today wrote: “Yes it is right, Show the EU we can be just as tough when we need to.” Some said that the Northern Ireland protocol situation should never have gotten to this stage. Username Hereward wake said: “We already have Article 16 which Boris and his fellow ministers have refused to use.” Another PaulRack said: “It shouldn't have gotten this far! Article 16 needs to be triggered immediately.” And username TopBard wrote: “Yes. Article 16 should have been triggered months ago.” Username amfuctifino agreed, commenting: “He should have revoked Article 16 a year ago.” Another, username Bob Upndown said: “I don’t know if he needs to create a new law or trigger Article 16, but I do know he needs to do something.” The Northern Ireland protocol is a clause within the Brexit deal which aims to keep Northern Ireland within both Britain and the EU single market. It has caused widespread disruption since its implementation but a new law could see British ministers solve the issue, without relying on Article 16 alone. The Financial Times first reported on the planned legislation which would allow key parts of the Northern Ireland protocol to be quashed including border checks on imports. Both Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss have reportedly signed off the plans in principle. DON'T MISS:Early general election? How the UK would look if Boris called vote now - latest polls [ANALYSIS]Jacob Rees Mogg orders 'bonfire' of quangos to save taxpayers' cash [REPORT]No-confidence plot hatched to oust PM after local elections – 'Signed, sealed and ready' [INSIGHT] During his official trip to India, Mr Johnson said on April 22 that the UK would continue to try to find a resolution to the Northern Ireland issue with the EU, but said his administration would not “rule out taking further steps if that is necessary". He said: “This is something that has been a consistent issue for the UK Government and I think it's very simple. "It's about the balance of the Good Friday Agreement and because of what is happening, it would be fair to say, that the protocol really does not command the confidence of a large component of the population in Northern Ireland. "We have to address that, we have to fix that." Asked if that could include new legislation, he replied: "Of course. That goes without saying."