Creating a sense of blissful escapism, Channel 5’s All Creatures Great and Small continues to attract fans far and wide as they settle in to watch the adventures of young country vet James Herriot (played by Nicholas Ralph) and the Darrowby folk who reside beside him.  Actress Anna Madeley discussed her character Mrs Hall and revealed how the star was “surprised” by her reaction to a new arrival.  Viewers saw Mrs Hall finally seem to admit she was warming to kind resident Gerald Hammond (Will Thorp). But are they officially in a relationship? Speaking about the effects Gerald has had on Mrs Hall, she said: “I think the arrival of Gerald actually takes her by surprise. “We’ve seen her on a bit of a journey through season one and then in season two, I feel like she’s very present and she’s very able to enjoy her life there. READ MORE: Below Deck Sailing Yacht's Charles Sanders hits back at backlash  Furthermore, Anna went on to say: “As a woman at that time, she would have got married and had her son quite young. “He’s a grown man now, so I wonder whether being able to just be in charge of her own life." Lady of the house, Mrs Hall, had always been happy in her own company and she was not one to socialise like the rest of the group. However, when Mr Hammond's dog needed treatment, the housekeeper instantly warmed to his kind and patient nature. Keeping their relationship under wraps over the course of series two, viewers saw hope for the couple during the season finale. She continued to Masterpiece: “I think Gerald is a surprise in that he awakens a side of her that she perhaps has slightly forgotten about. Although viewers are yet to see how Mrs Hall and Gerald are getting on with their budding romance, season three will arrive "on our screens this year”. Fans can likely expect the series to premiere sometime in autumn 2022, followed by the third Christmas special. Meanwhile, James and Helen Alderson are set to tie the knot in the forthcoming season after snaps of the couple leaving a church while linking arms in their wedding attire. The second series saw James and Helen (Rachel Shenton) finally starting a romance and becoming engaged. In the second instalment, James turned down a prestigious role in Glasgow so he could stay with Helen in Darrowby. In the final episode of season two, viewers saw James' boss Siegfried Farnon (Samuel West) suggest he propose to Helen before it may be too late. As soon as James plucked up the courage to pop the question, Helen returned her feelings and viewers were delighted. In the wedding snaps, Helen is seen wearing a traditional white dress with a simple veil while she carries a bouquet. While James stood by his partner's side, sporting a grey suit. The happy couple are all smiles as they appear to leave the church. All Creatures Great and Small seasons 1-2 are available to stream on My5