Tammy Abraham has urged Dele Alli to follow his lead by reviving his career abroad. Abraham has thrived since quitting Chelsea to join AS Roma last summer, while Alli's struggles have continued at Everton. Alli left Tottenham in the January transfer window in a bid to kickstart his career. The former England midfielder burst onto the scene in the Premier League after joining Spurs in a £5million deal from MK Dons back in February 2015, but his career has stagnated over the past two years. There were hopes that Frank Lampard would be able to coax some of Alli's old form out of the 25-year-old after he sealed his switch to Goodison Park, given that Everton's new chief is the most prolific midfielder in Premier League history. But the new Toffees boss has so far failed to get a tune out of the struggling star - despite insisting last week that he wasn't concerned over Alli's slow start to life on Merseyside. READ MORE: Rangers fans warned of 20-point deduction after ugly Old Firm scenes against Celtic Unfortunately, Lampard's public vote of confidence hasn't stopped reports claiming that Alli could be set for a swift exit from Goodison. But Alli's former England teammate, Abraham, has urged the misfiring midfielder to consider a switch abroad. Abraham was on the fringes at Chelsea but is now one of Europe's most prolific marksmen after sealing a £34m summer move to Roma. The 24-year-old has plundered 15 league goals in 30 games to fire himself back into contention for Gareth Southgate's England team. And he believes that more players need to get over the fear factor of playing overseas, insisting that his decision to quit the Premier League and make the jump to Serie A is the "best thing" he has ever done. DON'T MISS...Rangnick 'has limited say' as Man Utd mull over Ten Hag or PochettinoMan City performed 'chess move' to coerce Man Utd into signing RonaloGoater names two next Man City boss options that would annoy Arsenal When he was quizzed on Alli's struggles by talkSPORT, he said: “I feel like people shouldn’t be afraid to move abroad or to move away,” said Abraham. “They say ‘the Premier League is the best league in the world’. Of course, it has got top-quality. “But don’t knock down different leagues. These leagues aren’t easy. Coming to Serie A. I never thought it would be easy. But coming to experience life away is probably the best thing I have done. “It has given me the confidence to experience different cultures. People the way people engrave football in their skins, especially at Roma. The fans are so passionate. So, I recommend players shouldn’t be afraid to move out of their comfort zone. There is a bigger world out there than just England.”