But as the cost-of-living crunch bites harder, the days of crisps being an everyday snack could soon be numbered. As well as huge increases in manufacturing costs - such as hikes in potato prices - Russia's invasion of Ukraine has sparked an "unprecedented" shortage of sunflower oil. Trade magazine The Grocer says around 60 percent of the oil comes from the two nations and the conflict has "pushed up prices overnight, creating a perfect storm for bagged snack brands". There are fears the impact of the rising costs on the top names will soon clobber high street shoppers with big price rises. The Grocer said: "Think of champagne and certain foods come to mind - caviar, strawberries, a posh afternoon tea. A bag of crisps rarely makes the list." "As much as Brits love the potato crisp, they are seen as an everyday snack rather than a luxury." The magazine warned: "That could all change if market forces continue at their current pace. "Crisp manufacturers are facing an eye-watering rise in input costs." "Not only have they had to deal with steadily rising potato prices on top of industry-wide rises in logistics costs, they are now facing an unprecedented squeeze on global sunflower oil supply. GlobalData consumer analyst, Alice Popple, said: "The lack of availability of sunflower oil is especially worrying for savoury snack brands who depend on this ingredient. "Changing to other ingredients will lead to higher price points, both from a business and a consumer perspective." Crisps have been facing price pressures since before the sunflower oil crisis. Commodity analysts Mintec say the cost of potatoes per metric tonne has soared 166 percent year-on-year. The firm says although the demand for processing potatoes has recovered in the past year since the easing of Covid curbs, that has, in turn, put pressure on supply. At the same time, farmers took a more cautious approach in the wake of the pandemic, which caused a "lower planted area". On top of this, potato growers are struggling with a wider rise in fertiliser and energy costs, Mintec says. Foodies will kick up a stink as garlic runs out. Supply problems include strikes by Spanish truckers - one of our top sources - over fuel prices. Nilay Kamdar, of importer Pan United, said the shortage followed two years of soaring shipping costs, making it "more difficult to import low-cost produce".