Congestion at Dover is currently believed to be so bad that it could be costing transport companies upwards of £800 per lorry each day. British hauliers of perishable goods have said that products are going bad, adding to costs and creating enormous waste. According to British Ports Association (BPA) chief executive Richard Ballantyne, the gridlock can be attributed to the suspension of P&O ferry services at the terminal as well as Easter traffic, IT issues and bad weather. He did, however, also point to Brexit rule changes as part of the issue. Mr Ballantyne told Sky News: “There’s still congestion. P&O Ferries is out of service at the moment, which is probably the main cause of all the congestion – coupled with one or two other little incidents, and other Brexit scenarios.” These “Brexit scenarios” are believed to constitute a key piece of IT used for customs checks which have caused issues. Under the new system, drivers needed scannable barcodes for rapid processing at ports including Dover, but not all lorries have these yet and the temporary workarounds are leading to delays. The Road Haulage Association (RHA) said lorries were “continuing to have issues” with the new system needed by hauliers following Brexit. RHA said it was also taking a further 15 to 20 minutes for each driver to clear checks needed since full customs controls came into force at the beginning of January. The traffic build-up is seeping into the surrounding areas, with a 23-mile stretch of the M20 closed to store queues of lorries heading for Dover as part of Operation Brock, while the A20 Roundhill Tunnel has also been closed under the traffic scheme. Dover County Council has said it is ready to declare “a major incident” should the traffic disruption around Dover continue this weekend. Mr Ballantyne insisted that “as frustrating as it is for people in queues, [the traffic management system] is actually working.”  An HMRC spokesperson said: “Our IT systems are stable: we have put in place contingency processes to ensure businesses can keep goods and freight moving while we return to full service.” However, according to the British Meat Processors Association (BMPA), some members have had to wait for over 24 hours to cross into mainland Europe, which has caused meat and other perishables to go off. A spokesperson for the BMPA said that ferry suspensions, after P&O sacked nearly 800 seafarers without notice, had combined with other issues to create a "perfect storm" of problems with the export process. The BMPA spokesperson said: “The priority for the authorities should be to help lorries with perishable goods get through as quickly as possible. "Shelf life is being lost which costs money and creates waste and business will be lost if this continues. “We need the authorities to review the situation as soon as possible and take some appropriate actions." So what do you think? Can Brexit be blamed for these issues? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comments section below. 