Ever since royal fans have been on tenterhooks riveted by what William said to Kate when they were at the altar about to tie the knot. Neither of the Cambridges have confirmed what was said in the years since  However, lip readers who watched videos of the wedding reported that William greeted Kate by saying "You look lovely. You look beautiful," as he smiled at her in adoration. Turning to his new father-in-law Michael Middleton William reportedly said: "We were supposed to have just a small family affair." The Prince decided not to look at Kate as she walked down the aisle towards him and Prince Harry, who was his best man. In contrast Prince Harry did turn to look at Kate and made a very tender remark to his older brother.  According to author Marcia Moody in her 2013 book Kate: A Biography the Prince said: "Right, she is here now. Well, she looks beautiful, I can tell you that.” More than a million people lined the procession route to see Kate as she headed to Westminster Abbey for the wedding. It was performed by the then Archbishop of Canterbury, the Most Reverend Dr Rowan Williams. The royal couple then headed to Buckingham Palace where they waved at delirious royal fans from the balcony. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'refuses to bend' on Camilla title  William and Kate also exchanged a sweet and tender kiss. The wedding itself was declared a public holiday in the UK and was favourably compared with Prince Charles’ wedding to Princess Diana in 1981. It also involved a number of ceremonial aspects including state carriages as well as roles for the Foot Guards and Household Cavalry. There were over 5,000 street parties organised to celebrate the wedding across the country. DON'T MISS:  Royal Family LIVE: Harry faces 'stumbling block' repairing rift  [REVEAL] Queen makes subtle nod to Kate and William's wedding anniversary [INSIGHT] Princess Diana was a 'smart and drama-free mother' - 'no impatience' [SPOTLIGHT]  The royal nuptials were watched by tens of millions of people around the world including 72 million live streams on YouTube. In the UK television audiences peaked at 26.3 million viewers with 36.7 million watching part of the coverage. As well as members of the British Royal Family, royalty from Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Spain, Belgium, Bhutan, Luxembourg, Morocco and Malaysia were in attendance. Then Prime Minister David Cameron attended along with his deputy Nick Clegg, Labour leader Ed Miliband, Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond and then London Mayor Boris Johnson. Following the service the UK National Grid reported a huge surge in demand for power the equivalent of a million kettles being boiled. 