Gardening expert Monty Don returned for the fourth instalment of the 2022 series of Gardeners’ World. Monty, who is lead host on the programme, said gardeners can be cutting back their epimediums, potting on tomatoes and pruning hydrangeas this weekend. The 66-year-old also shared how to plant potatoes, take cuttings from plants and divide hostas. Epimediums, which are also known as barrenwort, bishop's hat, fairy wings and horny goat weed, are pretty plants with delicate flowers. The plant spreads which makes them excellent for ground cover in shady spots under trees or shrubs. Monty said the plants are “wonderful for dry shade” but their foliage needs to be cut back now to allow the flowers to thrive. He explained: “Their foliage does tend to obscure the delicate flowers that are at their best right now. READ MORE: Is it cheaper to use an electric heater or your gas radiators? “So cut back last year's leaves at the base. “Be very careful about this because it's all too easy to remove some flowers by mistake at the same time. “Then you can enjoy the flowers and when they finish a fresh batch of leaves will soon grow.” For those who have grown tomatoes from seed this year, it’s time to pot them on. DON'T MISSMrs Hinch fans use white vinegar to clean shower doors [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to use washing powder to clean oven racks [UPDATE]‘Technique is the same’: Monty Don shares how to plant potatoes now [ANALYSIS] Gardeners who planted seeds should have “healthy little plants by now”, according to Monty. However, the gardening expert said the plant won’t be ready to be planted outside or in the greenhouse just yet. Gardeners will need to wait at least another month or two before they do this. Monty continued: “So pot them on. I'm using a three-inch pot and a peat-free compost. “Don’t firm them in too hard and just settle them in the compost, water them and put them somewhere warm and protected so they can grow into nice strong plants.” Tomatoes can usually be harvested from July through to September. The mop head hydrangea, also known as pom-pom hydrangeas and French hydrangeas, are probably the best-known variety of hydrangea. The plant is popular due to their beautiful their large heads of blossoms.  However, lacecaps are just as pretty with frilly edges of bright flowers surrounding a flat cap of short flowers. Monty said both varieties can be pruned now if you're confident that hard frosts are now over. He said: “Remove last year's flowers going back to a strong bud aiming to take off about a quarter of each shoot. “When you've done that, remove any very old or damaged shoots right at the base of the plant and then you can leave them to do their thing.” Gardeners’ World can be streamed on BBC iPlayer