Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are currently in The Hague, Netherlands, for the Invictus Games, where they received a warm welcome from military veterans. Their first appearance in Europe as a couple since stepping down as senior royals, comes almost a year after their explosive interview with Oprah Winfrey. Following the fall-out of the landmark interview, Chris said the Invictus Games reminds people of the good the Duke - and his wife - have done before moving to America. Chris explained: "You know what I was speaking to someone from the Invictus Games yesterday. "They were saying, 'At the Invictus we need Prince Harry.' "But Prince Harry also needs the Invictus Games and a rising tide lifts all the boats if you like. "After everything that has gone on in the last year or so, it's jut over a year since that big Oprah interview - I remember it well, I was in your studio talking about it. READ MORE: Jane McDonald has 'awkward' moment as she boards boat in travel show "I think you know, the Invictus Games was something Harry and Meghan needed to happen as a reminder of the good Harry did by setting this up. "He is the founding member of these games for injured and sick military personnel and veterans. "They love him here. Quite simply they love what he's done and they love these games and he's their hero." Meghan and Harry have been followed by a Netflix crew as they film for their series about the Invictus Games.  While many at the games would view Harry in a positive light, GMB host Kate Garraway explained some may be puzzled as to why a film crew is there when the couple wanted more privacy. She explained: "I would say there are a lot of people here in the UK that never thought that Prince Harry and Meghan were a bad thing for the country. "They love the fact that they seem to be received so well initially, it is more their view of how they were treated that has caused this upset. "I think there is this element of look they want privacy, they don't want to be intruded upon, but they have a Netflix camera crew following them around which one would imagine it's something they can control." DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle 'missing' Archie and Lili at Invictus Games [INSIGHT]Prince Harry shares heartbreaking pledge for Archie and Lilibet [LATEST]Kate Garraway says Brits annoyed at Harry and Meghan's camera crew [VIDEO] The host continued: "It is under an arranged deal, and at the Invictus Games, it is very much the way they want to be viewed. "It comes back to that control thing again, which rankles with some people." Chris explained the couple had always wanted it to "be on their terms" which it wasn't when they were senior royals "This is very different, there is a Netflix crew here, and the Netflix crew are following them around.  "They have had almost as much attention as Harry and Meghan because everyone keeps pointing them out. "Photographers are taking pictures of the Netflix crew as much as Harry and Meghan, and yeah, it is true they can control the narrative, and that is kind of why they left the Royal Family." Meghan is expected to fly back to the US on Monday while Harry will remain in the Netherlands for the remainder of the games. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV at 6am.