Ferrari team principal Mattia Binotto has warned the team's rise to success had “taken years” to build. He warned it had been a “long road” to finally be able to push for the title and warned more was still to come from the iconic team. He stressed that the Scuderia wanted to “bring the Ferrari culture back” which could be an ominous warning to the rest of the grid. Ferrari last dominated the sport in the early noughties with Michael Schumacher winning five consecutive years between 2000 and 2004. Their last taste of success came in 2007 with Kimi Raikkonen. And Binotto said: ''It wasn't just the winter (in which we worked hard). This kind of project takes years. It has been a long road and we are not finished yet. “There is still a lot to do and to improve. We want to bring the Ferrari culture back to this team, that's what defines us.” It is understood Ferrari shifted its attention to its 2022 early on which allowed them extra time to perfect their car. READ MORE: Charles Leclerc 'unsure' of Ferrari's edge over Mercedes and Red Bull Red Bull and Mercedes were forced to divert their attention to their 2021 car as they both battled for the title. Ferrari also benefited from extra wind tunnel time compared to their rivals after finishing just sixth in the constructor's title in 2020. Binotto later added that his team “lost a bit of ground” to their rivals between 2017 and 2018 which is something they have addressed. He said: “But since then, in car design, we have improved our [wind] tunnel, technologies, processes and simulations and so today we are much better prepared than in the past to do a good job with development. We [also] have a budget cap which will affect the rate of development – we need to make sure we have the right policy on that, as it could be a game-changer in the fight for development. DON'T MISSChristian Horner warns Ferrari that Red Bull have their mojo back [INSIGHT]Helmut Marko completely changes tune on Charles Leclerc [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen has Red Bull 'escape clause' as Marko explains contract [COMMENT] “Last year we had a disadvantage and we tried to catch up and now we are more in line. In the first two races, so far it seems the difference is very little – and we are reaching a convergence. Where [the engine] was a disadvantage for us last year, it isn’t anymore.” Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff warned access to more wind-tunnel time could have had a massive effect on Ferrari’s 2022 performance. Speaking ahead of the season, he said: “The ability of having more wind tunnel time is of course something you need to you need to bear in mind. "The advantage of finishing sixth versus first over the course of the season is a couple of tenths [of a second]. And of course you need to catch up, but we are part of these regulations.”