Elite fans have been desperate for more following the shocking season four ending which saw another crime take place and covered up by the lake. The Netflix Spanish series has a loyal legion of followers who are excited to see it make a comeback for season five. The drama was given a double renewal which meant both series four and five were on the cards. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Elite.In Elite season four, new girl Ari (played by Carla Díaz) was the victim, who was found unconscious in the lake after the New Year's Eve party. Thankfully, she was able to be resuscitated but there was no clear answer as to who tried to kill her and so suspicion fell on both Samuel (Itzan Escamilla) and Guzmán (Miguel Bernardeau). They had fallen head over heels for the teen, wrecking their own friendship in the process of trying to win her over. Some believed one of them was responsible when in fact it actually had to do with wealthy businessman Armando (Andrés Velencoso). READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show When Ari sees Armando at the party bothering her sister Mencía (Martina Cariddi), she realises the rumours of her young sibling falling into a life of prostitution were true. Ari confronted Armando and in a fit of anger, he throttled her until Guzman was able to chase him away. She pleaded for him to chase after Armando which she did but Ari, drunk and still dizzy from being strangled, fell into the lake so no one technically pushed her. Armando and Guzman end up in a fight at the boathouse when the latter gets his hands on a flare gun and shoots him in the back. With Armando dead, Guzman confides in Samuel and Rebe (Claudia Salas) who then help him dispose of the body but is this going to come back and haunt them in season five? Elite season five will premiere on Friday, April 8, on Netflix, with all eight episodes coming out in one go. The Spanish show is a Netflix original series, and, as the streaming service's headquarters is based in California, the drama will technically be out there first on the day of release. However, Elite is going to be dropped at the same moment no matter where you are in the world. It is just the time that will differ due to the various time zones across the globe. DON'T MISS...Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits [REAL LIFE]Green Mothers' Club cast: Who is in the Korean drama? [CAST]Prince Charles 'asked Jimmy Savile for HELP'  [EXPLAINER] Elite season five will premiere just after midnight PST (Pacific Standard Time) on April 8. If you live on the east coast in America, then this means the series will be ready to watch from 3am EST (Eastern Standard Time). For those residing in the UK, season five is going to come out at 8am BST (British Summer Time) on this date. As the rest of Europe is roughly one hour behind the UK. Elite season five will be released from 9am. Joining the cast for season five are Argentinian actress Valentina Zenere and Brazilian actor André Lamoglia. Zenere will be played social media influencer Sofia, whereas Lamoglia is the son of a Premiere League footballer called Cruz. French actor Adam Nourou will also be joining the cast as a student called Eric. Elite season 5 premieres on Friday, April 8, on Netflix.