Manchester United could fulfil Ralf Rangnick's honest transfer recommendations by allowing Erik ten Hag to sign Ajax duo Jurrien Timber and Antony this summer. Ahead of entering his consultancy role at the end of the season, Rangnick has outlined a four-point plan to propel the club to Liverpool and Manchester City's level in the coming years. Rangnick's presence in the boardroom will be part of United's desperately needed culture shift, including a new long-term name in the dugout. And Ten Hag is the frontrunner in the club's manager hunt, thought to be entering its closing stages. According to reputable Dutch journalist Mike Verweij, Ten Hag wants to bring two of his most valued stars to Old Trafford if United appoint him as their new permanent manager. The 52-year-old would like Timber and Antony to join him at the start of a new era at United. Given that Timber is 20 and Antony 22, they would be signings for the future as much as next season. But their experience regularly playing under Ten Hag at Ajax would automatically diminish the typical doubts surrounding whether new signings are aligned with the manager's philosophy. JUST IN: Two Arsenal academy prospects join Mikel Arteta's Crystal Palace squad That age-old dilemma alone is a primary culprit for how United have astonishingly splurged over £1billion since Sir Alex Ferguson's 2013 retirement and currently look further from their perch than ever. And after the Red Devils' tepid 1-1 draw with Leicester City on Saturday, Rangnick gave an honest evaluation of how the club must approach recruitment. He said: "Manchester City and Liverpool have been built together and recruited over a period of five or six years - all of them under the premise of how the coaches want to play. I told the board this is what has to happen [at United]. "Whenever the new head coach is clear, it has to be: how does he want to play and what kind of players do we need for that? Then we come back to DNA, speed, physicality, tempo. What do we need? This team does not lack technical players, it can do with more physicality. READ MORE: Man Utd ace Juan Mata 'will not retire' in summer "It takes right decisions and [clarity over] where you want to go: what kind of players, want kind of manager and then, in every transfer window, try to get the best possible. This is rocket science. It has to be done and, if that happens, it does not necessarily need three or four years. Maybe in two or three transfer windows, then the situation could be different." The four highlighted points particularly ring true, and Ten Hag receiving Antony and Timber as his first signings would be an exciting step in the right direction. There is no quick fix here. Barring a miracle, United won't be challenging for the Premier League in his first few seasons at the helm. However, the seeds have to be planted from the word go, and Rangnick's presence, on top of more power being handed to the football brains upstairs since Ed Woodward's exit, will undoubtedly help do so. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here