With only five episodes, Bravo’s Below Deck Down Under is the latest spin-off to come from the growing yachting series. And according to its viewers, Captain Jason has already stolen the show after he distracted fans with a topless appearance.  Below Deck’s Australian spin-off has already become a huge hit with viewers, who have enjoyed watching the crew sail through the picturesque Whitsunday Islands. After the show introduced Captain Jason Chambers, it soon became clear fans were admiring a different view. While the show followed the same premise as the others in the franchise, viewers were entertained seeing the crew cater to the demands of its affluent guests. However, after spotting Captain Jason topless many were convinced he could be coming for Captain Lee Rosbach’s nickname as ‘Stud of the Sea.’ READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson's secret exposed in Meena twist After watching the most recent episode titled ‘Something’s Fishy’ fans swarmed onto social media to gush about the newest Captain. @andrematthewg exclaimed: “Captain Jason is single! Captain Jason is single! THIS IS NOT A DRILL!” @Abbi1702 gushed: “Thank you for the shirtless Jason shot, may have paused there for a while.” @DPaulWelsh added: “Okay, shirtless Captain Jason…” @sampatterson167 shared: “Captain Jason on Below Deck Down Under...I'd walk his plank anytime.” As well as admiring his looks, fans also took the time to praise the Captain for his work ethic and his ability to be involved with the crew to ensure a smooth charter. @selma_hazouri remarked: “OMG! Captain Jason is soooo HOT! I also love how he steps in and works alongside everyone.” @JustJustino tweeted: ”Captain Jason is the most amazing Below Deck. Not just cause he’s so hot but because he’s not afraid to roll his sleeves up and do grunt work.” DON'T MISS...Carolina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Carolina Santos? [INSIGHT]Below Deck Sailing Yacht Tom fired for harrowing error [INSIGHT]Below Deck Med's inundated with co-star messages as she marries beau [REACTION] Captain Jason’s hands-on leadership style was seen when he got stuck in and helped Benny Crawley deal with an overflowing toilet. Benny, who was on the verge of quitting became even more overwhelmed with the thought of dealing with the mess onboard a tiny cabin in a superyacht. Thankfully, Jason was able to calm him down and the two bonded and became genuine friends after cleaning together. Viewers also noted this had a positive impact on Benny as they realised his attitude to work had become more positive. But, just like the other Below Deck shows, there was some major drama brewing with the onboard cook, Chef Ryan McKeown. While the complaints didn’t come from the guests, it was the fans and fellow crew members who were left unimpressed by his attitude and lack of communication skills. Things became worse when Chef Ryan began plating food and had dishes ready to be served before checking if the guests were even seated. As this had occurred more than once it became a huge problem for the chief stew Aesha Scott, who had to deal with potentially serving cold food. Below Deck Down Under is available on Bravo in the US and is available on hayu in the UK. 