Andrea McLean, 52, is the co-founder and CEO of This Girl Is On Fire - an online mindset membership platform helping women to think differently about themselves through online classes, podcasts and masterclasses. The journalist and presenter quit Loose Women in 2020 after 13 years fronting the ITV daytime show. The mum-of-two spoke candidly about her decision to sell her family home in a bid to fund her business. The on-screen star admitted that it was not a "desperate move" but explained that she did require money to invest in better technology for her company but did not want to seek out an investor. The former Loose Women presenter shared that she had no regrets about moving out of her Surrey abode which she shared with her husband Nick Feeney and her two children, son Finlay, 20, and daughter Amy, 15. The entrepreneur explained that they "needed more money" for the app which would help expand her business. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty inundated with support after BBC Breakfast absence Andrea went on to explain that the sale proceeds of her house were used to invest in the technology of her online business which she had been struggling with during the early stages of her project. "With This Girl's on Fire we had invested so much time and money into technology and the technology was letting us down," she explained. "We opened the membership for a few hundred women and then we shut the doors so that we could test and measure it on a beta-testing app. It was taking too long to get it to work so that we could launch it. "We thought, 'If this doesn't work soon we're going to need more money.'"  She went on: "People think you need to invest in bricks and mortar. You need to have a home, that's your investment. "I thought, 'No. What if I invest in myself?'" Andrea continued: "I believe in me and I think that I'm a capable woman. "Actually, I'm going to take the money out of the house and use it to invest it in me. Once I changed that mindset it was really liberating. DON'T MISS... Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore[LATEST]Strictly's Shirley Ballas 'wobble' after post 'hit a nerve'[VIDEO]Martin Roberts in hospital with 'hours to live' after chest pains[HEALTH] "Because I stopped thinking, 'Oh my god, what if I don't have this house? What does it mean?'" She went on: "It doesn't mean anything because we rent a house. "We still put the curtains up and throw a cover on the bed and make it look nice. It's the same thing." Andrea added: "You don't ever really own your own home, you're paying the mortgage off. What's the difference?" Since leaving her TV gig the ITV broadcaster has devoted much of her time to her business, as well as her website and blog. The presenter has since released her latest book, You Just Need To Believe It, where she gives readers more insight into her various projects and living life on their own terms. Andrea announced her decision to leave Loose Women during a live broadcast in 2020. You Just Need to Believe It: 10 Ways in 10 Days to Unlock Your Courage and Reclaim Your Power is out now.