The Duke of Sussex made the decision to not attend the memorial last month. The memorial service took place at Westminster Abbey on March 29 and had almost 2,000 people in attendance, including the Queen and his father, Prince Charles. Speaking on a recent video on his YouTube channel, Neil Sean's Daily News Headlines, royal expert Neil Sean discussed Harry's "controversal" decision and the "regret" he feels for not attending the memorial service. Mr Sean said: "According to a good source, Prince Harry does have regret. "I think its more to do with the fact that he never foresaw, can you believe this, the backlash [from not attending]". He adds: "It doesn't take a bulb moment to work it out, does it, this is a huge event in the history of the Royal Family. "More importantly, this is a person [Prince Philip] that allegedly means something to you". It was previously reported that the Duke had an "extremely close" bond with Prince Philip. READ MORE: Lilibet could meet Prince Charles and Camilla for first time in Canada during royal trip The royal expert also said how it would have been "very simple" for the Duke to "hop on a plane, pop over, use the Royal Family security and hop back". The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have not returned to the UK together since their exit. Prince Harry did, however, return alone for Prince Philip's funeral last April. Meghan was pregnant with their second child, daughter Lilibet, at the time. READ MORE: Disgraced Prince Andrew shuts down another business venture in further blow to Duke The second time that Harry returned, alone, to the UK was to unveil a statue of his mother, the late Diana, Princess of Wales. This was an event he attended with his brother, Prince William. Speaking on a recent episode of Pod Save The Queen, royal editor at the Daily Mirror, Russell Myers said: “I think that certainly Harry will have regretted not being there [Prince Philip’s memorial service]. He added: “I know that there was someone in the armed forces, who was speaking quite eloquently after the service and knew Harry, said that he thought he would regret it as well. “He’s going to be at the Invictus Games at The Hague, just a short – less than an hour – flight from here in the Netherlands in a couple of weeks. The royal editor added that this is an "absolutely bizarre decision to have made". DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] It’s been reported that the Duke will be in the Netherlands this weekend for the Invictus Games. It has been confirmed that Meghan will join her husband at the Games. The pair are expected to be followed by a Netflix documentary crew throughout the Games. They previously announced a Netflix show about the Games, titled Heart of Invictus. The Games is an international sporting event for wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women, both serving and veterans. Prince Harry founded the tournament after his own tour of duty in Afghanistan.