A British mum has warned other homeowners against a crucial cleaning product mistake. The cleaning, home, motherhood, and lifestyle Instagram, TikTok, and YouTube influencer and been sharing her tips for three years. Lucy is a mum and cleaning aficionado, who keeps her home sparkling and uses her social media to show others how. Lucy warned against mixing cleaning products, as well as using laundry detergent for a specific job. Lucy said: "Cleaning products and laundry products should only be used as recommended. "Laundry products are diluted correctly in a washing machine." One TikToker suggested mopping floors with laundry detergent. READ MORE: One TikToker suggested mopping floors with laundry detergent They claimed it made their floor shine like a specialty floor cleaner. However, this could damage the finish on hardwood floors or marble and natural stone floors. Some cleanfluencers have suggested boiling laundry detergent to make the home feel good. Others have used them in candle diffusers. DON'T MISSLynsey Crombie £2 hack for eliminating washing machine smells [TIP] 'Amazing': 'Wet tea towel' tip speeds up drying clothes [HACK] Urgent cleaning warning to avoid ruining your surfaces [EXPERT] However, this is very dangerous. Lucy said: "I see some people using them as home fragrances. "When used this way they can cause items to become flammable or can cause damages to your health when inhaled by being heated." Lucy also warned against mixing cleaning products, even when recommended online as a hack. She said: "Mixing cleaning products is very common. "This may cause a chemical reaction which could be dangerous." Vinegar Vinegar can be a great cleaner, but it can also be damaging to certain surfaces. Don't use it on rubber seals, silver, or marble, among other surfaces. Toothpaste for glass Don't clean glass with toothpaste as some recommend. Lots of tooth polish with scratch glass. Baking soda Baking soda is very abrasive and will damage areas of the home. It can scratch glass or a mirror, it can turn aluminum brown, and it can ruin ceramic and the finish on the wood. Cleaning antique silver is a no-no, too. Although baking soda will remove tarnish, it will damage the delicate material.