Keith Duffy made his debut in Coronation Street as Ciaran McCarthy in 2002. The cheeky Irish barman originally arrived in Weatherfield to see his pal Peter Barlow (played by Chris Gascoyne) who he met during their Navy days. Ladies man Ciaran was at the centre of several dramatic storylines before he left in 2005. The Boyzone singer made a return in 2010 after taking a break from his career. Following Keith's break from Coronation Street, his character Ciaran returned to the cobbles in 2010. After his arrival, the barman quickly got engaged to Michelle Connor (Kym Marsh). Although, things took a turn when Ciaran ended up gambling away their wedding fund. He promptly left the soap and Michelle stayed in Weatherfield without him. READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? However, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the 47-year-old teased his comeback to Corrie. The actor explained that while he wouldn’t want to make the move permanent, he would love to make a cameo in the soap. "Corrie was a huge turning curve in my life and my career,” Keith began. "It gave people the security to hire me to do the likes of Big Mikey and a handful of stars in the various theatre shows that I did.” He continued: "Going back to it now, I would certainly go back in. I would never say never. "I’d like to go back in and do a cameo. “I'd go back in as Ciaran for maybe five or six episodes or something like that." Since leaving the soap, Keith has continued with his acting roles, and he even made his debut on the West End stage. DON'T MISS...Olivia Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Olivia Frazer now? [CAST]A Place in the Sun's Danni speaks out on buyers rejecting properties [INSIGHT]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [VIDEO] In 2014, the pop star took to the stage in Billy Roche’s production, A Handful of Stars. Since Boyzone disbanded, Keith has also continued with his music career and has travelled around the world with former Westlife singer Brian McFadden. The duo, known as Boyzlife, have performed at numerous festivals and gigs singing both Boyzone and Westlife hits. The dad-of-two went on to discuss why he took a step back from Corrie and his singing career in 2010. He explained that when his daughter Mia was just 18 months old, she was diagnosed with autism and he wanted to spend more time with his family. Speaking about the gap in his career, the pop star recalled: "It was between the time of Boyzone taking a break and getting offered the job in Coronation Street. "I took about a year off... just over a year off in that time. "At that time, it was really [about] coming to terms with trying to get a diagnosis [for Mia] and trying to figure out what was wrong." After being told there was a three-year waiting list with the NHS to get an autism diagnosis, Keith admitted he didn't "leave any stone unturned". "I kind of fought my way around," he added. "I got to know various people in different offices and you know, I kind of bullied my way around." Coronation Street continues on Monday at 8pm on ITV.