Katrina Law is best known for portraying Jessica Knight on CBS’ acclaimed drama NCIS. The actress took to Instagram and gave fans an insight into the fun that goes on behind the scenes while delivering a major season 19 update.  As NCIS approaches its season finale, fans have become eager to find out what the fate of their favourite characters will be. While Katrina didn’t share any spoilers, she did post a time-lapse video which gave fans a look at how the cast and crew decompress after a day of filming. In the sped-up clip, viewers had a behind the scenes peek into the fun that goes on, as the team took to the ground and with the help of some chalk, they all played a popular game. Providing a huge production update, Katrina captioned the video: “Final day on the set of NCIS SEASON 19!!! READ MORE: 'William and Charles will be furious!' says Carole Malone over Harry “Going out with a sweet game of 9 square, see you next season,” she added. The comments were filled with fans who were amazed at the team playing the nostalgic game, as well as those who shared their excitement for the upcoming season. A thrilled @doloresbell823 wrote: “I can't wait for season 20 to start already. See you all then.” Another @elle.grace.official added: “9 Square was so much fun!”  @einstein13jl admitted: “I’ve never heard of 9 square. It looks fun and very fast!” While @Metamophx remarked: “Happy 2 see this is a quality lunch game for crew's round the world.” A grateful @lcjwong commented: “Congrats on an amazing season!!!” As @susanhardstock shared their apprehension: “I'm excited but worried about Torres.”  DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway says Brits annoyed at Harry and Meghan's camera crew [INSIGHT] NCIS: Why did Maria Bello leave NCIS as Jack Sloane? [INSIGHT]NCIS season 19: Fans demand additional Torres episodes after past [REACTION] As the season 19 finale is expected to air in the US on May 23, this indicates fans are only a few more episodes away from saying goodbye to their favourite characters. This week fans were left worried for Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) after his past caught up with him while leaving behind a trail of dead bodies. Though viewers almost had to bid the character a tearful farewell, many of them became eager to find out what's next for Special Agent Parker (Gary Cole) and his team. Although it’s yet to be seen if all the agents will live to see the finale, Katrina dropped a major hint and revealed it would be a tense episode.  Speaking on the fate of her character, she told TV Line: “Apparently I have a stunt double [for the season finale].” She added it ”always bodes well for good, fun action”. Although she didn’t share any spoilers, Katrina revealed the season would end with a “big, huge surprise ending”. Season 19 could likely end on a huge cliffhanger as the use of a stunt double could mean Katrina would have to take on a dangerous or challenging scene. NCIS is available on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 