Electric cars and hybrid vehicles are much heavier than internal combustion vehicles given the weight of the battery. The batteries in EVs can make it up to 30 percent higher, and when coupled with the increased torque that allows a car to set off, a lot of strain is placed onto the tyres. Specially designed, low rolling resistance tyres can help to extend an EV’s range by up to 12 percent. For newer cars with ranges greater than 250 miles, a tyre with an EU tyre label value of 'A' could benefit from an additional 30 miles per charge compared to a 'C' rated tyre. By making this change, drivers will be able to save even more money on charging, which they will need to do less often. Steve Howat, General Manager for Technical Services at Continental Tyre Group, commented on the best tyres for EVs. READ MORE: Car tax changes needed as drivers look to avoid cost of fuel duty loss He said: “We’ve been working on developing our existing tyre portfolio to get the best out of both combustion engine and electric vehicles, but not all tyres are designed this way. “While some standard tyres can be fitted to electric vehicles with no impact on performance, many others risk making the braking distance longer, hampering the range and ruining the sound reduction benefits that EVs bring – compromising the comfort, cost-efficiency and safety of the drive. “Fortunately, though, there are plenty of tyres on the market that have been designed with EVs in mind. “The tyres on every EV that comes off the production line will have specific features that help it drive at its best – and when the time comes to replace them, it’s important to ask for a like-for-like replacement.” DON'T MISSDrivers should avoid turning right to save on petrol and diesel costs [INSIGHT]Clean Air Zones hammering drivers with expensive costs -'out of touch' [SHOCKING]Diesel law changes prompt businesses to call for 'tax rebates' [WARNING] Having tyres that can carry the weight of the car is always important, but it is crucial when choosing tyres for an EV. Due to the weight of electric vehicles, it may be necessary to get a tyre that can carry the extra weight. It is therefore worth considering extra load (XL) tyres with a load range developed to offer higher load capacity than standard tyres. With more electric vans on the market, many businesses are looking at investing in an EV, which will require a larger payload, as well as being able to travel further. New heavy load (HL) tyres may be required, with the load capacity of these tyres equating to a 10 percent increase over the more familiar XL standard. Mr Howat added: “Even within battery-powered vehicles, there’s not a one-size-fits-all approach with tyres. “The performance requirement can be completely different from vehicle to vehicle, which is why we work closely with each manufacturer at the design stage of a new EV, to develop a tyre that best fits its individual requirements, so that its new owner experiences the car at its best. “It’s also important to remember that because EVs contain far fewer parts than the average vehicle with an internal combustion engine, maintaining them costs much less. “And that means that when the time comes to replace their tyres, focus on choosing the right tyre and invest in a premium, like-for-like option, that enables the vehicle to perform at its best, while maximising safety on our roads.” More EVs were registered in 2021 than there were in the previous five years combined. Continental Tyres also stressed the importance of drivers maintaining their tyres. Correct wheel alignment will also reduce tyre wear and should be checked every six months, or sooner following contact with a kerb, pothole or other obstacle. An expert can check excessive wear, especially on the inside edge of the tyre, and will recommend alignment or rotation, as needed.