Juventus icon Alessandro Del Piero told Luka Modric he did "everything on his own" on Tuesday night. Real Madrid battled their way past Chelsea to make the semi-finals of the Champions League, with the Croatia international winding back the years with a vintage display. And that means they’re now just three games away from reaching the promise land again. Real Madrid lost 3-2 on the night to Chelsea but, after winning 3-1 in the first leg in west London, made it through to the semi-finals. After the game, Del Piero was snapped talking with Modric - who was one of the best players on the pitch throughout the showdown at the Santiago Bernabeu. And the Juventus icon has now elaborated on what he told the Real Madrid star, saying on Sky Sport Italia: “We missed nothing tonight, it was an exceptional game. He is the player who changed the game. “Modric did everything. Tonight was unique and strange. “Chelsea seemed in control, but then it changed again and we had the feeling that the game could go to a penalty shootout. It was an incredible game. “We’ve known each other for a long time. I was happy to meet him, he is an extraordinary footballer. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “We didn’t talk for long. He breathed a sigh of relief. “He was aware they were in trouble. I just told him: ‘Look, you did everything on your own, my friend, just enjoy it!'” Earlier on air, Del Piero admitted that he spurned the advances of Real Madrid during his playing days. “This stadium gave me a great victory where I scored a brace but above all the standing ovation of the opposition fans,” he said. “It’s also true that I lost several times here. “The fans are warm, always. I’ve never been close to joining them, in certain moments I could’ve been further away from Juve, particular moments, but I have no regrets and I always chose to stay. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “This stadium is a unique environment, as well as Old Trafford, but I made my choice.” While it was a disappointing night for Chelsea, it was another epic evening for Madrid in the Champions League. And Modric, speaking to BT Sport following the showdown, hailed Carlo Ancelotti for making changes when they were under the cosh. “I think mister [Ancelotti] did great changes and [the subs] did well, they had a great impact on the game,” he said. “Certainly in this competition experience plays an important role and I think today it helped us a bit. “But Chelsea, we knew it even after the first game, that we would have a tough game. “Because they are, for me, the most difficult team to play against. “I watch them a lot because of my friend Mateo [Kovacic], how they play, and they are a very tough, physical team, very compact. “We knew that it was going to be tough – just like it was. “But in the end we showed again great character, great desire, great togetherness and we managed to turn it around, which is amazing. A defeat that is very sweet!” Modric then admitted that Madrid had been ‘dead’ before Rodrygo struck to pull them back into the contest. The former Tottenham star added: “Unbelievable to describe this game. We were dead until the goal we scored. “Chelsea scored three goals, maybe the first a bit lucky from a deflection. I can’t say we played badly. “They used their chances well and scored the goals. We didn’t give up. We kept believing, fighting and in the end showed huge character. “This stadium and the fans were very helpful when we were losing 3-0. They kept supporting us and it gave us a boost to keep believing.”