Tipping Point returned for a brand new season on Monday, April 11, on ITV with host Ben Shephard back to oversee proceedings. This series is particularly special as it celebrates the popular game show's 12th season and 10th year on the air, having aired its first episode back in 2012. When it did make a comeback, one particular change did not go unnoticed by fans. Prior to the start of the latest season of Tipping Point, its creators teased there would be something different about the new episodes. On Tipping Point's official Twitter account, it read: "Brand New Tipping Point returns to ITV. "And to celebrate 10 Years on your screen things have been shaken up in the studio a little... Join @benshephard from 4pm #TippingPoint." This left fans curious as to what it could be but when the new episode started, it was clear what was different. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces For the first 11 series, the game show started off with four contestants answering questions in order to get their chance to drop coins into the machine which resembles the old-fashioned coin-dropping machine game. If their coins fall in the correct places, then the contestants' cash prizes increase with every round. Viewers were used to seeing this format for the past decade but in the new series, this was no longer the case. Instead of welcoming four contestants, presenter Ben introduced just three. Unfortunately, this didn't go down well with fans who took to social media to express their annoyance. Twitter user Marriann asked: "Why mess with something that works?" Roger commented: "Less people, more chat. Don't like it," while Martin Dalton said: Why have they now only got three contestants?" Others stated how it felt like a "different show" with fewer contestants in each episode. DON'T MISS...'We call men boys!' Kriss Akabusi hits back at feminist policing [REACTION]Ben Shephard steps in as Tipping Point player forgets buzzer rule [VIDEO]Ben Shephard admits wife stopped him from missing GMB episode [CAST] Another difference in the new series is to do with the second round. Rather than the usual 30 seconds to answer a question, the three contestants are now given an extended 45 seconds. There were some concerns that the same format would be given to ITV's other popular game show The Chase. However, the layout has stayed the same on Bradley Walsh's show, still with four contestants. Speaking about the success of Tipping Point on This Morning, Ben said: "We love the support we've had from so many watching it, 10 years of Tipping Point, thank you to everyone who has watched it. "A lot of it is to do with nostalgia, these old penny fall machines that we all loved playing as kids down at the end of the pier and then we give people a chance to come in and have a go "It's also a comfort and woven into everyday lives." Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV.