A request for a decision on whether Russia has defaulted has been put to the Credit Derivatives Determination Committee (CDDC) who will meet at midday on 13 April to consider the evidence. The CDDC, whose members include representatives of major financial institutions such as Citibank, Goldman Sachs and Barclays, is usually called on to determine when insurance pay-outs will be made to investors in the event of a default. The meeting will see the second decision on Russian debt this week after the CDDC discussed a default claim relating to state owned rail firm Russian Railways. Fears of a default have been increasing since Russia found itself struggling to make a $649million (£495million) payment on a dollar bond due on 4 April.  While Russia in theory has sufficient funds to make the payment, international sanctions prevent it using much of its dollar reserves as well as causing processing banks to block the transactions. As a result Russia has been left scrambling to find a way to return the money to investors leading to it instead paying the money into special accounts in rubles. Under the terms of the bond payment must be made in dollars meaning Russia is arguably still in default despite its attempts to pay. Global ratings agency S&P has already branded the situation a selective default, arguing investors are unlikely to be able to convert the money into dollars within the 30 day grace period for payment from its due date.  Earlier this week the CDDC determined that a default had occurred for Russian Railways after the firm failed to make payment on a debt due in Swiss Francs within a 10 day grace period. The decision has been viewed as something of a test case for today's decision on Russia's sovereign debt. One source, speaking on condition of anonymity, told Reuters: "Apparently CDDC says yes... and probably means it will conclude something similar with the Russian sovereign trying to pay a USD coupon – but failing to." A decision of default today will be the first step in triggering Credit Default Swaps, a contract that effectively ensures investors against default.  With Russia increasingly looking like a risky proposition for investors the cost of insuring Russian debt has soared to represent a 99 percent chance of default by the end of the year. If Russia is found to be in default on its sovereign debt it is likely to find raising new debt extremely difficult with those still willing to lend likely to charge exorbitant rates. The country has already revealed it has stopped issuing new bonds with Finance Minister Anton Siluanov calling the costs "cosmic". A squeeze on issuing new debt would serve a further blow to the economy at a time growth has already been predicted to plummet with Russia facing a deep recession in the coming year according to the World Bank.   DON'T MISS: Russia threatens legal action over default [SPOTLIGHT] German economic outlook darkens amid soaring inflation [ANALYSIS] US facing recession as inflation surges to 8.5 percent [REVEAL] The situation has been met with anger from the Kremlin with Mr Siluanov threatening legal action if Russia is pushed into default. Mr Siluanov has previously criticised this aspect of the sanctions, accusing the West of trying to force an "artificial default" on Russia. 