Cristiano Ronaldo was spotted geeing up Manchester United players prior to their Premier League clash with Norwich. Whereas that’s normally the responsibility of their captain, Harry Maguire seemed to be on board with it. And the Red Devils will be happy they were able to battle their way to all three points, despite not being at their best. United beat Norwich 3-2 on Saturday, with Ronaldo’s outstanding hat-trick enough for the Red Devils to rise to fifth in the Premier League table. And tunnel footage from before the game shows the 37-year-old motivating his team-mates in the tunnel. Whereas Maguire was mainly keeping his focus on the upcoming contest, Ronaldo was more than happy to go around and offer his fellow players words of encouragement. And that tactic paid off with United just about able to claim all three points on a hostile day at Old Trafford. Prior to kick off, supporters staged a peaceful protest over the Glazers and their way of managing the club. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Some fans even left their seats in the 17th minute to symbolise 17 years of the Americans’ regime. Hostility was evident throughout the game, too, with Paul Pogba not helping matters as his contract ticks down. The France international, who is primed to leave as a free agent this summer, was booed by some fans inside the stadium. And he responded by cupping his ears to them, prompting more backlash from supporters who have never quite taken to him since his return from Juventus in 2016. The day did, however, belong to Ronaldo. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players He opened the scoring in the seventh minute of the game by converting from close range after some good work from Anthony Elanga. Ronaldo then doubled his own tally for the day, and his side’s, by rising to head home from an Alex Telles corner. Norwich were able to respond through Kieran Dowell and Teemu Pukki as they dared to dream of an unlikely victory. But Ronaldo’s late free-kick, his first since 2020, was enough for United to emerge victorious and go above Arsenal in the table. Speaking after the game, Ralf Rangnick admitted that United would have to improve on this showing in order to beat Liverpool on Tuesday. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I mean, everybody has seen today’s game,” he said. “We all know what team we’re playing on Tuesday. “They won against Man City today, they’re in the FA Cup final. In the end they might have the chance to win four trophies this season. “If we play like we played today, it will be very, very difficult to get even a point out of this game and this is what we have to be realistically aware of. “So, we need to raise our own level and standard. Probably Fred and Scott (McTominay) will not be back, Raphael Varane will also be a tight race for the game on Tuesday. So far he hasn’t trained with the team. “We have to be aware that the players that we had available today we will drive to Liverpool and just get anything out of that game. “If possible we need three points. That can happen in football, it has happened before. “But we have to be realistic, we have to play a lot better if Liverpool is in possession of the ball than we did today.” United lost 5-0 to Liverpool in the same fixture at Old Trafford earlier in the season.