  Gemma Atkinson has been busy documenting her day with her Strictly Come Dancing fiance Gorka Marquez and adorable daughter Mia on social media. The family journeyed to Gemma's dad's grave, with the former Emmerdale star admitting that toddler Mia “had to wee” while they were there.      Gemma took to Instagram today to give her 1.7 million followers an insight into her family’s busy routine. During their day out, Gemma got the giggles, as she told her fans what had happened while she was sitting in her car with her daughter. “She had to wee at my dad’s grave,” she captioned the clip with laughing emojis. “Don’t think he’ll mind,” the soap actress added fondly. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford's husband Eamonn issues plea to 'unsung hero' at ITV     In the video Gemma could be heard saying: “Just come up to the cemetery and put some flowers on my dad’s grave…” She began to laugh before turning to her daughter Mia, who was in the back seat. “What did you have to do?” Gemma asked the toddler with a smile. “What did you have to do just then behind the car?”      “I weed,” a small voice confirmed from the back seat before Gemma repeated with a chuckle: “Have a wee!” Gemma's dad David Atkinson tragically died when she was just 17 years old after suffering a heart attack. Earlier in the day, Gemma commented on the “funny breakfast” Mia was tucking into. “That’s a funny breakfast isn’t it?” she asked, as Mia could be seen tucking into the unusual combination of rice and cucumber. When she was asked what she was eating, Mia sweetly replied that she enjoying some “rice, cucumber, yoghurt and water”. READ MORE... Karen Hauer and Luba Mushtuk stun in bikinis as they shower together [NEWS] Richard Gere, 72, in rare appearance with stunning wife Alejandra, 39 [NEWS] Zoe Henry addressed Emmerdale's Rhona being 'killed' off  [INSIGHT]      The next clip showed the family enjoying a cute stroll through the woods. Mia was sitting on her dad's shoulders while the dancer showed off his moves as they walked along. The family then stopped by at a coffee shop, where they enjoyed some sweet treats. Gemma, 37, shares two-year-old daughter Mia with Strictly Come Dancing professional Gorka Márquez, 31.      The pair met through the show back in 2017 when Gemma was competing alongside Aljaž Škorjanec, 32, who announced his exit from Strictly earlier this year. Former glamour model Gemma got engaged to fiance Gorka last year when the dancing pro got down on one knee for Valentine’s Day. Their daughter Mia was born the year before on July 4, 2019. Gemma is most famous for her soap roles, having played Lisa Hunter in Hollyoaks between 2001 and 2005, Tamzin Bayle in Casualty (2011-2014) and Carly Hope in Emmerdale (2015-2017).   