Gayle Byrne, 50, ordered deliveries from a Farmhouse Inn, one of her family's favourite restaurants, during Easter but was shocked to see the bones in her 17-year-old daughter's carvery. She complained to the establishment, and was offered a £20 gift card but she doesn't intend to ever visit the restaurant again. Farmhouse Inns, a chain of carvery restaurants owned by Greene King, said an "error" led to some of the turkey bones being included in the takeaway box. But Mrs Byrne, who ordered from the branch in Strelley, Nottinghamshire, said: "This put me off. It was insulting that they offered the voucher because that was not the point. I am never setting foot there again. "It is absolutely unacceptable." Mrs Byrne, who is a receptionist, told Nottinghamshire Live she would fear for the safety of diners if the error was to happen again.    The mum said: "Luckily, I always check to see if the food is okay. I just could not believe it when I saw two big bones in the carvery. I was shocked. "It is dangerous for a young person or a child. "Had I not checked the meal first the bone could have cut her mouth or worse. They are almost the size of a smoking lighter" A spokesperson for the Farmhouse Inns restaurant said: "We have apologised directly to our customer and offered a gift card to welcome her and her family into our restaurant so we can make it up to them, in addition to the refund that she can request from Deliveroo. The turkey served from our carvery is freshly cooked on the bone and when it was sliced, some of the bone was included in the takeaway box in error. We are reviewing how this happened to ensure it does not happen again and would like to reiterate our apology for this isolated incident." The restaurant went on to clarify that as the meal was ordered through Deliveroo, the refund could not be processed. This is standard practice with all delivery partners. It comes after a diner claimed she found a snail in her Toby Carvery roast dinner and vowed never to spend money with the chain again.  