The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge currently live with their children George, Charlotte and Louis at Kensington Palace in central London but according to reports, the family could be considering moving to the Berkshire town of Windsor. The move would see the family be closer to the Queen and could be used as a shorter trip for Prince George’s school in a few years time.  Windsor is the new permanent home of the Queen who has decided to move out of Buckingham Palace and into Windsor Castle, traditionally her preferred royal residence. A number of locals in Windsor spoke to the Daily Mirror about the town and gave advice to the royal couple about moving there. A 17-year-old, Ellie, who works at the Fortescue’s Gelato close to the grounds of the Castle knows Windsor really well. She said: "Everyone on this street is really friendly, it’s a bit like a family.   "We all speak a lot and everyone gets discounts." Asked if the royal couple would receive a discount she replied "of course" and predicted that the Cambridges moving to the town would increase tourism even more. She said: "People came last year because Prince Philip [died] and now it’s more that they come for the guard changes and to visit the Castle, but they’d definitely bring more people in." Muthucumarasamy Kesavan who runs a souvenir shop called House of Gifts, is unconvinced the royal couple moving to Windsor would help his trade which suffered a severe downturn during the coronavirus pandemic. READ MORE: Prince Harry favourability PLUMMETS as royal fans turn on Duke  He said: "I’ve been here since 2001 but this is one of the oldest businesses [in Windsor]. It’s been here since the 1950s. "People like William. But I’m not sure it’ll do much from a business side." However, Mr Kesavan feels that crime is an increasing problem in the town but added that the area is well served with green spaces. He said: "It’s not a cheap area to live in and not everybody could afford it.  DON'T MISS:  Royal Family ranked: New data shows most and least popular royals [REVEAL] Harry and Meghan guests 'went off' at wedding [INSIGHT] Prince Charles health: Swollen hands gave him ‘sausage fingers’ [SPOTLIGHT] "But Windsor has changed a bit from a few years back. I’d say it was 100% safe in the past. "In the last three to five years things have changed - we’re hearing bad news. Not like London or anything, but things have changed. "We’ve got so many parks around us - and Legoland isn’t far from here. "But when it comes to The Royals, they have their own set up - so I don’t think they’re going to go to Legoland." Sam Goss, General Manager of the The Castle Hotel, said that he felt the Cambridges would enjoy living in the area. He said: "It would be brilliant - they’d have some great neighbours. "You’ve got the River Thames here where you can see the boats and try canoeing or paddleboarding." 