Sir Michael Caine, 89, has appeared in over 160 films in a career spanning seven decades, giving him the title of a British film icon. The famous actor made his return to Twitter last night after a four-month hiatus from the social media site, causing fans to go into a social media frenzy. Michael took to Twitter last night, with many fans speculating why he chose yesterday as his time to return to the site. In view of his 705,700 followers he wrote: "Hello! Good Night My Sweets Ones." Many social media users leapt to the comments to praise the renowned actor and how much his work means to them. Jellybeanster88 said: "Wow, I truly hope it's you Sir Michael Caine!!!" READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ WareFLO added: "I've loved you in every film I've ever seen you in which you acted, even the c***py movies. "But this, this was your finest moment in Little Voice." Dsmart commented: "Wait! Is it really you? Please post a video and blink twice while holding up a newspaper with the date clearly visible." However, other social media users were puzzled over whether Michael's return to Twitter had anything to do with the news that Elon Musk had just bought the site for $44 billion (£34.5 billion). Delecto_stan said: "Picked a bad day to return to this place, sir. Having said that, you're still the GOAT." TysonBarker8 added: "Welcome Mr Caine! You have arrived just in time for the end of Twitter." Davidmjyyc commented: "Michael Caine on Twitter might keep me here." Many are leaving Twitter after the news broke about Musk's takeover, including star Jameela Jamil. DON'T MISS... Johnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip [INSIGHT] Madonna, 63, looks younger than ever in racy leather outfit [PICS] Rod Stewart proves he’s ‘back to top fitness’ following surgery [VIDEO] Jameela tweeted to her one million followers on Monday: "One good thing about Elon buying twitter is that I will *FINALLY* leave and stop being a complete menace to society on here. "So, it’s win-win for you all really." She then added some snaps with her dogs in what she penned as her "last tweet". The presenter captioned the last post: "Ah he got twitter. I would like this to be my what lies here as my last tweet. Just really *any* excuse to show pics of Barold. "I fear this free speech bid is going to help this hell platform reach its final form of totally lawless hate, bigotry, and misogyny. "Best of luck." Express.co.uk have contacted Elon Musk's representatives for comment on the issue. The deal was announced yesterday after Elon made a bid to buy Twitter two weeks ago. In a statement, Tesla’s CEO said he would advocate free speech and "increase trust" on the site.