The religious head previously sparked controversy when he stated the move to send migrants to Africa was deemed “ungodly.” The plans, set out under rare use of ministerial powers by Home Secretary Priti Patel have been met with mixed reaction from all sides, with one Conservative MP speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk saying the move was the “innovative move required.”  The Anglican Church leader has now said the religious institution would not stand by as a “passive observer” as the Government acts to reduce the flow of migrants and dissuade human traffickers seeking a profit from the running of migrants across the Channel. Mr Welby used an article in a newspaper to slam the £120million scheme. He said the move amounted to “sending vulnerable and traumatised people more than 4,000 miles away without their consent.” The Archbishop also used the piece to suggest the global asylum system is broken, yet still backed plans to target trafficking gangs.  Mr Welby said: “We need innovative solutions to stop the suffering of millions of people – and the devastating deaths in the English Channel, the Mediterranean and elsewhere. “We agree on those common ends, which are urgent and compassionate, but we profoundly differ on the means to achieve them. “Like many, I oppose sending vulnerable and traumatised people more than 4,000 miles away without their consent, and paying another country to take them in. “People who would have been offered refugee status in the UK will be shipped out without their case being heard – including those with family ties or other links with Britain. “The vast majority (98 percent) of those crossing the Channel apply for asylum and most (61 percent) are granted it.” Writing in The Telegraph, Mr Welby ended: “These are people fleeing war, famine and persecution.”  READ MORE:Rwanda plan is ‘long overdue’ to thwart callous people traffickers In the last seven days alone, more than 300 migrants have successfully crossed the Channel according to figures released by the Government. So far, more than 4,000 people have made it across this year, with one report suggesting up to 60,000 will attempt the crossing as the weather improves over the summer. Last year, a record 28,000 migrants made the journey into Britain via France and the Channel. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has aimed to reduce the trafficking by assigning the Royal Navy to take over patrol duties in the stretch of water, relieving the Border Force of their task. In terms of the deportation to Rwanda, the first of the chartered flights are expected to leave UK airports before the end of May. However, in spite of Government efforts to tackle the problem, critics aside from the Archbishop of Canterbury have been vocal, particular over the costs. Estimations place each deportation and handling of migrants to be at £30,000 per person.   DON'T MISS:Putin's humiliated losses laid bare – FULL LIST [REVEAL]Bury St Edmunds: Man dead, woman fighting for life after attack [REPORT]Royal Navy warship spotted off North Wales coast [INSIGHT] Former Prime Minister Theresa May has also slammed the plans. Ms May opposed the plans “on the grounds of legality, practical and efficacy.” Civil Servants have also been left split over the move. The Home Office's top civil servant has warned his staff that leaks which had attempted to undermine the policy had been a breach of the civil service code. Permanent Secretary Matthew Rycroft addressed concerns about the Rwanda agreement in a group call with mutinous employees who had even threatened to refuse to work on implementing the policy.  Taking a wider view of the situation, members of the public took to Twitter over the news. Lifes Pilgrim said: “So see if I've got this right. “We have a major workforce shortage so we stop our European friends from coming across. “We then stop migrants and send them to Rwanda. “And to top it off, we make it hard for Ukrainians to come here.” Others slammed the Archbishop over his involvement in a political decision. Mrs Ronald said: “Arch Bishop of Canterbury claims Government plans to process migrants in Rwanda is ungodly. “What is ungodly, is the Church of England sitting on 8.3 billion, and you, Justin Welby, being paid £83,000 per annum with 2 grace and favour homes including Lambeth Palace.” 