It’s still too soon to judge Richard Arnold at Manchester United but the early signs, at least, are positive. The Red Devils supremo replaced Ed Woodward earlier in the season and has already made some shrewd decisions since taking over. Now, hiring Paul Mitchell may be next. Woodward announced he’d be leaving United a year ago, shortly after the failed European Super League plot that sparked one of the biggest backlashes football has ever seen. But it wasn’t until February 2022 that the 50-year-old officially departed, with Arnold then hired as his successor. Speaking at the time of his promotion, he said: “I am honoured to have the chance to serve this great club and its fans. “I am determined to return that honour in any way I can.” And things, certainly, have been positive so far. One of Woodward’s biggest problems was the fact that he was actually a banker before taking on his responsibility at one of the biggest clubs in the world. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz While a likeable figure on a day-to-day basis, the former Red Devils chief insisted on total control. But that held him back at United and meant that decisions weren’t always made with the football team in mind. Sponsor after sponsor signed on under Woodward at a time where, more often than not, he’d have to take on footballing matters as well. It meant that, at times, some things were prioritised over others. Striking a new deal with a rich organisation, fans suspected, got more attention than matters on the field. But Arnold has made it clear at United that he’s willing to delegate responsibility to those with bigger football brains than his own. And the early signs suggest that his decision-making during his first few months in his new role will pay off in the long run. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Take Erik ten Hag, for example. Arnold was involved in the decision to hire the Ajax boss but only met the 52-year-old after he’d passed an interview with Darren Fletcher and John Murtough. Murtough and Fletcher instead spearheaded the process and that resulted in United making an announcement last week, with roughly a month of the season left to play. Compare that to the lengthy delays of the hirings of Jose Mourinho and David Moyes, it seems United have acted with a speed and directness that’s been lacking since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement. In Ten Hag, Arnold has also shown he’s willing to do whatever it takes to meet expectations. The current Ajax boss is a football coach. In his eyes, improvement on the field can only be achieved by what they do in training. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag won’t tolerate United prioritising other areas of their business. Instead, he wants the best possible chance of succeeding where his predecessors have failed. And that’s definitely another thing that bodes well, with the Red Devils now hopeful of brighter and better days ahead. Now, Mitchell could be the next shrewd decision from United. The Monaco chief is apparently being eyed by the Red Devils for a role in their new set-up, with Ralf Rangnick a big admirer. Given what he’s done at Southampton, Tottenham, RB Leipzig and Monaco, the fallen Premier League giants could do a lot worse. Mitchell has unearthed many gems over his career, from Toby Alderwiereld to Son Heung-Min, Morgan Schneiderlin to Dele Alli. And United could do with that expertise as they look to reel in Manchester City and Liverpool. As stated above, it’s still too soon to properly judge Arnold. But his start to life has been impressive - especially when compared to the way Woodward’s own reign commenced in 2013. That was a summer of scattergun chaos. Under Arnold, United appear to finally be getting their act together.