Julia Bradbury, 51, has sent “healing thoughts” to Malandra Burrows, 56, after the Emmerdale actress was diagnosed with stage three breast cancer. The former Countryfile star has been battling the disease herself since she was diagnosed last September. In a show of support for Malandra, Julia took to Twitter to send her “healing thoughts” to the actress. Sharing a video of the magazine interview, that saw Malandra confirm her diagnosis, Julia said she also aimed to raise awareness among the online community. In view of her 170,000 Twitter followers, Julia penned: “Healing thoughts & love to actress Malandra Burrows diagnosed with Stage 3 #breastcancer. “Not the story either of us wanted to share, but hopefully we're spreading #awareness & fueling the desire for more research about this pervasive disease that terrorises so many women.” (sic) READ MORE: Naga Munchetty admits struggle as tells BBC colleague ‘ask for help’ Last week, Julia was inundated with praise after she shared an insight into her post-operation process after she underwent a mastectomy late last year. The BBC star admitted she was left in “shock” following the procedure. However, she could be seen smiling again as she soaked up the sun in a bikini during a holiday in Mauritius. She captioned the shot: “I had no idea what life after a #mastectomy would be like. “I feel incredibly grateful that some things have gone my way during my #breastcancer diagnosis. “Each of our stories is different... I was fortunate to be able to have immediate recon after my breast was removed containing a 6cm tumour.” The presenter continued: “Nothing prepares you for the shock & impact...& yet but here I am in a bikini again. “Didn't think this would happen. Wearing wraps helps too.” DON'T MISS...Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband  [LATEST]Sara Davies' business lost 'hundreds of thousands' during Strictly [UPDATE]Demi Rose enters ‘barbie mode’ in cleavage-baring display [PICTURES] Julia credited designer Melissa Odabash with making her amoeba-printed bikini. She also added the hashtags: “#gratitude #breastcancer #recovery #bikini #mauritius” Fans of the Watchdog star took to the comments section to share their experiences and commend Julia for raising awareness. Flirtygirty49 commented: “You have had an incredible journey. “You are braver than I would ever be, but I have to hand it to you. (sic) “Chick, you look so hot in that bikini! I believe your continuing recovery is due to the positive attitude you have about your illness. “You've basically smacked your breast cancer in the face and told it to bog off! “You are an inspiration. Keep on fighting Julia. You are a winner xxx”