Heartstopper has already taken the world by storm having just arrived on Netflix. Alice Oseman's webcomic has gained recognition for shining a light on contemporary teenage struggles. The end of the TV series brought tears to the eyes of fans, but do Nick Nelson (played by Kit Connor) and Charlie Spring (Joe Locke) stay together?  The uplifting series tells the story of the blossoming romance between Charlie and Nick. Charlie has already come out as gay to his school peers, and he was bullied for his sexuality. He used to hide in the classroom at lunch to avoid confrontation, until he met rugby boy, Nick. Charlie took an instant liking to Nick but was uncertain whether he felt the same. To his surprise, Nick realised he had romantic feelings for Charlie, making him question his sexuality. READ MORE: Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’ By the end of the series he fully embraced being bisexual, telling his mother he liked both men and women. Just as Charlie thought Nick was going to bail out of the relationship, Nick threw the ultimate surprise. He took Charlie on a date to the beach and they showed public displays of affection. Nick shouted loudly for everyone to hear how he liked Charlie in a romantic way, not just as friends. Fans will be pleased to hear that at least, for the short term, the pair stay together. Alice Oseman's Solitaire novella, known as Nick and Charlie, follows the pair two years later. But Nick faces the prospect of going to university and leaving Charlie behind at sixth form. The synopsis says: "Everyone’s asking if they’re staying together, which is a stupid question – they’re ‘Nick and Charlie’, for God’s sake! "But as the time to say goodbye gets inevitably closer, both Nick and Charlie question whether their love is strong enough to survive being apart. "Or are they delaying the inevitable? Because everyone knows that first loves rarely last forever…" DON'T MISS... Where are John and Anne Darwin now? [INSIGHT] Russian Doll’s Maxine star on season 2 filming ‘challenge’ [INTERVIEW] Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Howard scams Jimmy and Kim [THEORY] With this in mind, it seems fans can potentially look forward to more of the Nick and Charlie romance. The series has not been renewed for a season two at the time of writing, but hopefully more information will come to light soon. As the show is known and loved for its heartwarming moments, it seems the pair will stay loved-up for a while. They will face inevitable challenges along the way but their love will conquer all obstacles in the end. Author Oseman spoke to BuzzFeed about how she cast Connor and Locke in the roles. She said: "It was a really scary process! Nick and Charlie are such important characters, not just to me but to so many people, and I knew if we didn't find the right actors then the show just wouldn't work. "We saw SO many actors. We did an open audition search for Charlie and so many talented people turned up, but not many who I saw and just thought, you could be Charlie. "It was probably because I have such a clear idea of who these characters are in my head, but eventually Kit and Joe just showed up. "I have no idea how! It was very hard and we didn't have many options, to be honest. We just got very lucky!"  Heartstopper is airing on Netflix now.