In February 2022, the average price of a property in the UK was £276,755, an annual change of 10.9 percent. At a country level, the largest house price growth in the year to February was recorded in Wales, where house prices increased by 14.2 percent. With house prices continuing to climb, it can be a worrying time for those looking to buy a house, especially with the stock available being so limited. Commenting on the HPI, Managing Director of HBB Solutions, Chris Hodgkinson, commented: “An incredibly competitive market is great for those looking to sell, but for homebuyers entering the fray it can be a stressful and expensive endeavour. “Not only are they already facing a far higher cost when it comes to climbing the ladder, but pickings are slim in terms of the stock available. “This not only makes it harder to find their ideal home, but then they do, many are being beaten to the punch, outbid during the offers stage and even gazumped when they think they have finally secured a property.” In February this year, a detached property, on average, will now cost homebuyers £438,523. READ MORE: Is it cheaper to boil water in a microwave? This was up 14.4 percent compared to the year prior, where the average detached home was £383,236. A flat or maisonette has also seen a huge increase in price, rising from around £210,000 to £22,000. According to one expert, homes are going under offer at an “extremely quick pace”. Managing Director of Barrows and Forrester, James Forrester, said: “To say we’ve seen a fast start to the year would be somewhat of an understatement where current property market performance is concerned. DON'T MISS:Property: ‘Basic steps’ to save on household bills [EXPERT]How to sow hardy annuals in April including sunflowers [EXPLAINER]Monty Don shares how to plant potatoes for ‘tasty’ summer harvest [COMMENT] “Despite the wider narrative of financial turmoil that is impacting many households, we’ve seen an unrelenting level of homebuyers continue to enter the market in search of what is likely to be the most expensive purchase they will make in their lifetime. “As a result, we’re seeing homes go under the offer at an extremely quick pace, within days of listing them online in many cases, as buyers tussle over what limited stock there is available.” It is hard for many buyers in the current market, especially first-time buyers. According to Christina Melling, CEO of Stipendium, the average first-time buyer is now over £21,000 worse off than just a year ago. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The expert said: “The current property market boom is being widely touted as a key indicator of economic success against an otherwise gloomy pandemic backdrop. “But while those lucky enough to already own a home may agree, it’s unlikely this sentiment is shared by those struggling to get a foot on the ladder. “The average first-time buyer is now over £21,000 worse off than just a year ago having seen the value of a first home increase by 10.1 percent. “While the cost of borrowing may remain favourable, the initial financial hurdle of a mortgage deposit is simply too much for many to overcome. “With the cost of living also climbing, those previously struggling to save will no doubt find the task almost impossible going forward.” In the London market, estate agents are seeing a “sharp uptick” in market activity, driven by many wanting to live back in cities. In 2020, many left the city for a slower pace of life in the countryside, but many are now returning for social and work. Director of Benham and Reeves, Marc von Grundherr, said: “While the London market continues to trail the house price pack where annual rates of appreciation are concerned, February’s explosive monthly increase provides the first signs of how quickly the tide is starting to turn. “We’ve seen a sharp uptick in market activity on the ground for some months, driven by the return of both domestic professionals and foreign buyers, and this is now starting to translate into positive market momentum. “Although the wider UK market may be susceptible to higher mortgage rates and the increasing cost of living, this is less likely to faze buyers within the capital. “So we expect to see a complete role reversal with regard to property value performance as the year goes on.”