Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has slammed his side's performance after falling victim to a 3-0 rout against Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park. Arteta apologised for the 'unacceptable' performance on behalf of the Gunners as their top-four hopes were dealt a painful blow on Monday night. Arsenal entered south London looking to respond to Tottenham Hotspur's 5-1 win against Newcastle United on Sunday. The rout saw Antonio Conte's side leapfrog Arsenal for the first time in four months and replace them in fourth spot in the Premier League. But the visitors failed to deliver and, barring a couple of wasted opportunities, never looked capable of toppling Palace on the night. Jean-Philippe Mateta broke the deadlock in the 16th minute, and Jordan Ayew doubled the Eagles' lead less than 10 minutes later. Patrick Viera's controlled the game to perfection after half-time before Wilfried Zaha added a third from the penalty spot. After full-time, Arteta shunned his side's display and apologised to Arsenal fans for losing in such a dominant fashion against their London rivals. JUST IN: Arsenal trio called out by Wayne Rooney over Crystal Palace defeat He told Sky Sports: "It is time to accept the criticism, put your hand up and apologise because this performance was not good enough for this club and then react. When everything goes well, everyone wants to be there and be supportive. We were poor, especially in the first half. "I apologise to our supporters. We didn't have the presence today or the composure to dominate the situation, so that is what I'm most annoyed with. Some days you are not there, and you are late all the time. They got on top of it and had a good atmosphere, and we could not get out." READ MORE: 5 things we learned as Arsenal suffer top-four blow in Palace defeat Arteta expressed his disappointment with how Arsenal started the game, which put them on the back foot until Palace opened the scoring. "From the beginning we were not at the races," he added. "When you come here, you have to compete. You have to win duels and second balls and be aggressive, and we were none of those. And on the top of that, we were really poor on the ball." Arsenal will view their next two Premier League games against Brighton & Hove Albion and Southampton as must-win fixtures in their bid to return amongst Europe's elite. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here