It is possible to cut this year’s income tax bill and claim free cash for your pension, in what is a win-win solution for millions of workers. HM Revenue & Customs is the only loser here, so this option is worth considering.  In his Budget last year, Sunak froze income tax thresholds for an incredible five years. The 20 percent basic rate personal allowance, at which people start paying income tax, will be frozen at £12,570 until the 2025/26 tax year at least. The higher rate 40 percent allowance will stick at £50,270. As wages rise, more workers will be dragged into HMRC's net as a result, says Adrian Lowery, personal finance expert at investing platform Bestinvest. “If a pay rise lifts your wages above £12,570 then you will go from paying zero income tax to paying 20 percent on the amount above that level.” Similarly, if your salary climbs above £50,270 at any point during the five-year freeze, you will start to pay tax at the higher rate of 40 percent on anything above that figure. Sunak’s stealth raid is a tax increase in all but name, but one he hopes we won't notice. Yet there is a way to fight back – and boost your retirement pot at the same time.  By paying more money into a pension, you can claim tax relief on your contributions. The higher your tax band, the more you can get. Lowery says: “Personal pension contributions attract tax relief at your marginal income tax rate, so paying into a pension is a good way of protecting your wealth against income tax.” This works both for the self-employed paying into a personal pension, and employees with a company pension, where their employer offers a “salary sacrifice” arrangement, he adds. “This is where you agree a salary cut or waive a bonus in favour of a pension contribution instead. By doing this, it is possible for those earning just above a tax threshold to drop a tax band.” READ MORE: Boost your pension savings by 66.7% INSTANTLY - claim free cash NOW Basic rate tax relief at 20 percent is applied automatically to pension contributions, says Kevin Sefton, chief executive of personal tax app Untied. “If you pay £80 into your pension, the government will add an extra £20, so that a total amount of £100 goes into your pension pot.” If you pay tax at 40 percent, then you can claim back the additional 20 percent relief via your self-assessment tax return. This means that each £100 of pension will only cost a higher-rate taxpayer £60 in practice. For wealthy additional rate 45 per cent taxpayers, £100 of pension will cost them just £55. It's an incredible benefit and one that most people should make the most of it, especially as Sunak hits us with tax hikes left, right and centre. Pension contributions have further tax benefits, as your funds can grow free of tax until you start drawing the money from age 55 or later. DON'T MISS:Beat Sunak’s stealth inheritance tax raid - clever IHT hack saves [ANALYSIS]Sunak’s income tax and NI raid starts TODAY – here’s how to fight back [EXPERT]Now tax-mad Sunak ‘fines’ Brits 55% for saving in pension [WARNING] Any funds that you have left when you die are exempt from inheritance tax, which is not the case with other savings and investments, such as Isas. Sefton says you can claim tax relief on anything up to 100 per cent of your annual earnings, provided you don't breach the annual allowance of £40,000 a year. Under pensions carry forward rules, you can mop up any unused allowance from the three previous tax years, provided that you were a member of a registered pension scheme during that time. Pensions tax relief is hugely valuable but there are constant rumours that the cash-strapped Treasury will downgrade this benefit. It paid pension savers a staggering £41.3 billion of pension tax relief in the 2019/20 tax year, so Sunak has a real incentive to cut this back. "It pays to make the most of pension tax relief while you can,” Sefton adds. 