The Financial Times reports that Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Foreign Secretary Liz Truss have in principle signed off plans to present a Northern Ireland bill in the next parliamentary session which begins in May. Whitehall insiders told the daily that Mr Johnson's administration was developing the plans partly in anticipation of a new constitutional crisis if Unionist parties, which reject the Protocol, refuse to re-enter the region’s power-sharing executive after the May 5 elections.   Under the proposed legislation, ministers would have unilateral powers to switch off key parts of the protocol in UK law.This would include border checks on goods travelling to the region from Great Britain. The move is expected to provoke the European Union's anger. Last year the bloc signalled it could suspend its post-Brexit trade deal with the UK if the Government reneged on its Protocol commitments. A Government spokesperson told the Financial Times: "No decisions have yet been taken and our overriding priority continues to be the protection of peace and stability in Northern Ireland."   Mr Johnson's deal, agreed with the EU in October 2019, created a trade border in the Irish Sea and locked Northern Ireland into EU rules in order to avoid a hard border on the island of Ireland. The Government has repeatedly argued the deal is not sustainable because it divides the UK’s internal market and affects the Good Friday Agreement as it undermines the region’s links to the British mainland. Insiders with knowledge of the Government discussions told said the bill would grant ministers sweeping powers to neuter Articles five to 10 of the protocol which are at the heart of the deal. Under the Protocol the Northern Ireland assembly has to vote periodically to give continued consent to Articles five to 10. The first such vote  is due in December 2024.   Insiders said that, if passed, the bill would hand ministers the power to ignore the outcome of that vote under UK law. An EU official told the Financial Times the only way to bring certainty and predictability to Northern Ireland was to agree joint solutions. They added: "Unilateral decisions will never work. The EU has pulled out all the stops over the past months, and is ready to work further with the UK over the coming weeks." The Government spokesperson said: "As we have said consistently, the government will take measures to safeguard the Belfast (Good Friday) Agreement if solutions cannot be found to fix the Protocol."    Reports of the proposed bill come as DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said on Thursday that Unionists needed to unite in opposition to the Protocol. He addressed a rally against the Protocol in Castlederg in Co Tyrone on Thursday during which he stressed the importance of unionists working together. Speaking before the demonstration, he said: "No unionist, elected representative supports the Northern Ireland Protocol.  "The progress made in bringing the EU back to the negotiating table was achieved through a united stance.    "It is only those who want to weaken unionism or who still want the 'rigorous implementation' of the Protocol that have anything to gain from divisions within unionism." TUV leader Jim Allister told the rally that the Protocol was furthering the objective of a united Ireland. He said: "How could it be otherwise when, under the Protocol, Great Britain is regarded as a third or foreign country in trade terms?"  Mr Allister added: "The stark reality, as spelled out in the Court of Appeal judgment on the Protocol, is that the Protocol 'subjugates' Article Six of the Acts of Union, which guarantees freedom of trade within and between the constituent parts of this United Kingdom."    He said that checks on goods at Northern Ireland ports meant that freedom of trade had been fettered. Brexit Opportunities minister Jacob Rees-Mogg told MPs has hit back at commentators who argue Britain signed the Protocol so should accept it. He said: "There's a lot of commentary that says you signed it and therefore surely you should accept it lock, stock and barrel. That's absolute nonsense. "We signed it on the basis that it would be reformed and there comes a point at which you say, 'You haven't reformed it and therefore we are reforming it ourselves.  "The United Kingdom is much more important than any agreement that we have with any foreign power, that must be the case." 