Body language expert Louise Mahler told Australia's Sunrise programme that Prince Harry was "not comfortable" during his latest tell-all interview. Harry controversially claimed this week that he wants to ensure that his grandmother, the Queen, is “protected” and has the “right people around her". The Duke of Sussex made the remarks from The Hague, in the Netherlands, this week during a sit-down interview with US network NBC’s Today Show. He said: "She's always got such a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure she's protected and got the right people around her." Harry was speaking after briefly meeting the Queen for tea last week. The Duke of Sussex did not clarify whether he was referring to palace aides or the royal family when he made the claims. Ms Mahler was asked whether Harry's posture during the interview could reveal anything more about the Duke's state of mind. JUST IN: Harry and Meghan back down on UK return red line She said: "Prince Harry is always trying to disappear into himself. "My favourite thing there is that he is leaning forward but his back is crinkled. "That means his breath is not working. "He then opens his arms and immediately snaps them in, and you'll notice he will put his hands on the inside of his knees and tries to withdraw. "They call that posture turtling - trying to go back into your shell." When one of the hosts of Sunrise remarked that Harry "looked relaxed," Ms Mahler responded: "But nobody does that." Another co-host joked that Harry looked like he was doing "a thigh stretch". Ms Mahler added: "The man wants to disappear. He is not comfortable. "He is comfortable in the role as the protector and he does everything to be a protector." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry's secret plans for UK return - 'desperate' [LIVE BLOG]‘Keep calm and carry on, Boris!’ Readers rally behind PM [POLL]'The UK and Canada will tackle Russia's sex crimes in Ukraine' [COMMENT] The Duke and the Duchess of Sussex have reportedly been invited to join the Queen on the Buckingham Palace balcony for celebrations during the jubilee bank holiday in June. William and Kate were forced to avoid questions on Harry's comment yesterday when they visited the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) in London. As they left, a broadcaster called to William: "Sir, does the Queen need protecting?" The couple did not stop or respond.