Data from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) shows that a record number of people in the UK are estimated to have Covid in the week leading up to March 26. It is estimated that 4.9 million people in the UK had the virus - up from 4.3 million the week before. England and Wales in particular are recording record infection levels, not long after the government removed the requirement for people to self-isolate following a positive test. As of today, free Covid testing will no longer be available in England, where around one in 13 people were likely to test positive for the virus last week. This is a marked increase from the one in 16 statistic for the week before. Meanwhile in Wales, the estimate has increased from 192,900 people, or one in 16, to 212,000 - one in every 14. Even when adjusting for different areas of England, the number of positive Covid tests are increasing across the board. The highest region is South West England, in which one in 11 people were estimated to have the virus last week. This is closely followed by South East England with one in 12, and London with one in 13. The age group experiencing the most Covid outbreaks are children. Those between age two and school year 6 had a rate of one in 11 infections last week. Infections are also at record levels among those aged 35 to 49, 50 to 69, and over 70s. Alongside infections, hospitalisation rates also rose last week for certain age groups. READ MORE: Fears man dead in blast may have bought appliance to 'deal with cold' [REVEAL] In those aged 45 years and over hospital admissions increased - but decreased or remained roughly the same for other age groups. The data is less clear about Scotland and Northern Ireland, which the ONS describes as “uncertain.” However, both Scotland and Northern Ireland are currently slightly below their recent record infection levels. Around one in 12 people in Scotland are estimated to have had the virus last week - around 421,200 people. DON'T MISS: ‘You’re part of the problem!’ BBC QT audience member clashes with p... [INSIGHT]'Revenge!' Brexiteer warns EU thwarting talks to make UK pay 'price' [ANALYSIS]Do what you're paid to do!' Scot erupts at SNP [REVEAL] Contrary to the data for England and Wales, this was a fall from the 473,800 in the previous week. Northern Ireland however did see an increase, with 123,000 people likely to have had Covid last week, up from 108,700 the week before. Senior statistician for the ONS COVID-19 infection survey Kara Steel said the "rapid rise" in cases is being fuelled by the growth of the Omicron BA.2 variant across the UK. She added: “Infection levels remain high, with the highest levels recorded in our survey seen in England and Wales and notable increases among older age groups.”