The judgment on government policy undermined its claim that it had put a “protective ring” in place for the elderly and most vulnerable. Bereaved campaigners branded it as “reckless” and that it had caused the deaths of “many thousands”. The ruling came after two women took Public Health England (PHE) and the then-Health Secretary Matt Hancock to court. Dr Cathy Gardner and Fay Harris lost their fathers to Covid-19 and, after the judgment, called for Prime Minister Boris Johnson to resign and for Mr Hancock to apologise. Cathy, 60, said she “believed all along my father and other residents of care homes were neglected and let down by the Government”. Helen Wildbore, of the Relatives and Residents Association, added: “This confirms the protective ring was non-existent. Older people were abandoned, let down by the systems designed to protect their rights.”  When Covid hit in early 2020 patients were discharged into care homes without testing despite growing awareness of the risk of asymptomatic transmission. Government documents showed there was no requirement for this until mid-April. Through a spokesman, Mr Hancock appeared to blame PHE for failing to tell ministers what it knew about asymptomatic ­transmission and wished it had been brought to his attention sooner. Yet the risks were highlighted by ­figures including Sir Patrick Vallance, the Chief Scientific Adviser, who said it was “quite likely” on March 13, 2020. And a PHE paper on asymptomatic transmission was ­presented to the Scientific Advisory Group for Emergencies (Sage) in late January 2020, later concluding that it “cannot be ruled out” in early February. Another paper in early March ­suggested it constituted a very substantial proportion of all transmission, the High Court was told. Lord Justice Bean and Mr Justice Garnham concluded government policy documents from March and early April 2020 were unlawful as they failed to take into account the asymptomatic risk to vulnerable residents. They said there was no evidence Mr Hancock or anyone advising him had addressed this for care homes in England. Cathy lost her dad Michael Gibson at the age of 88 in residential care in Bicester, Oxon, in April 2020. Fay, 58, is grieving for father Don, a former Royal Marine, who died aged 79 in May 2020 at a home in Hampshire. The women partially succeeded in their claims. The judges rejected those made under human rights law and against NHS England.