Prince Harry is set to publish a memoir later this year and an update is expected to a book by Angela Kelly, the Queen’s stylist. Reports now suggest the Duke of York could also be considering his own release in what royal author Phil Dampier dubbed a “golden age for royal books”. Prince Andrew formally ended a civil case brought against him in the US by accuser Virginia Giuffre by agreeing to pay a financial settlement. The total sum was reported to be more than £12million without admission of liability. He vehemently denies the claims made against him. In order to foot the bill, Mr Dampier suggested the Duke could release a book on his life. He said there was precedent for such a publication, which he could not rule out, within the royal family. Mr Dampier told MailOnline: “If he is backed into a corner and needs money who knows? “After all, Prince Charles co-operated with the Jonathan Dimbleby biography of him to get his message across, Diana was behind Andrew Morton’s book and Fergie of course has written several books.” Prince Andrew appeared alongside the Queen earlier this month at the service of thanksgiving held in memory of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. Following criticism of his front-and-centre presence at the service, reports suggested he would now fade into the background at all future public events. READ MORE: Prince Andrew and Fergie hastily delete HRH from Instagram post But Mr Dampier insisted the Duke could use a memoir to put him back in the spotlight. He said: “Andrew might feel he could explain some of his actions which might pave the way for a return to public life in a couple of years. “I doubt it will work, but I know he wants to make a comeback, and after all, what is he supposed to do with the rest of his life?” DON'T MISS: Andrew to remain firmly 'off stage' despite settlement [REVEAL] Charles and Camilla's Coronation plans unveiled [REPORT] Meghan and Harry blasted for staying silent on 'dramatic' Camilla coup [OPINION] Such a publication would likely trouble senior members of the royal family who are working to rebuild the institution’s reputation following Prince Andrew’s legal claim. They are already understood to be worried by the possible contents of Prince Harry’s upcoming book, which is expected to be released later this year. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams earlier this year highlighted there was “enormous speculation” over what might appear in the Duke’s memoir. He told Express.co.uk: “It is likely to be serialised and there will be worldwide interest in it. “Its publication in the year of the Platinum Jubilee will probably ensure it extra sales. “However, although its contents currently remain private, it is likely to contain highly sensitive material.” Mr Fitzwilliams added: “The publicity surrounding its launch, while there is still a royal rift, is surely not the way to commemorate a year without precedent, in an institution which goes back for over a thousand years.”