Customers at Manchester airport have faced chaotic scenes at security. Many have queued for hours in recent days. The Mayor of Greater Manchester, Andy Burnham, has said that disruption could continue for “two months”. He said: “Sadly, the disruption is not going to disappear overnight and this advice will have to be in place for the foreseeable future. “While the airport expects that there will be some disruption for the next two months, I want people to be reassured that the airport, supported by colleagues in Greater Manchester, are putting in measures to ease it.” Police and transport staff from the bus and tram network are likely to be brought in to help the struggling airport cope with the chaos. READ MORE: Easter holiday chaos as Britons lose thousands due to passport delays Passengers will also receive real time online queueing information and the option to check-in bags the night before their flight. The Mayor criticised the airport for its failure to act on recruitment and lack of communication with passengers. Greater Manchester’s councils are majority shareholders in the Manchester Airports Group but the day-to-day operation is normally outside theirs and the Mayor’s remit. The Mayor added that he would write to the Minister for Security and Borders to ask if airports could be prioritised in the security clearance process for new staff. If this goes ahead, it could mean that 220 staff waiting to start could start work at the airport sooner than expected. The plan also includes increased overtime, more temporary staff, better information for passengers and steps to look after queuing passengers’ welfare. Burnham added: “Like everyone, I have been concerned to see some of the scenes at Manchester Airport over recent times. “Many passengers have faced an unacceptable experience and it is important that every possible step is taken to prevent a repeat. “People preparing to travel are understandably worried and there is a need for the clearest possible advice before they do. “All airports have struggled to one extent or another with lengthy queues caused by staffing issues arising from the pandemic. “But it is clear that Manchester has faced particular challenges. Yesterday I met with the senior management of Manchester Airport to get a clearer understanding of the current situation. “Some of the issues being experienced by Manchester Airport are beyond their control. However, that is not to say that other things could not have been done differently. “Firstly, while the airport has been making strenuous efforts to recruit, more should have been done earlier. “Secondly, communication to passengers ahead of and upon arrival should have been better, as should the management of the queues. “However, it is important to acknowledge that some of the pressure arises from the decision Manchester Airport has taken to protect people’s holidays and trips and avoid cancellations as other airports have done.” A Manchester Airport spokesperson said: “We have met with a range of stakeholders to discuss our recovery from the pandemic. “This includes the Mayor of Greater Manchester and representatives of Manchester City Council, and we are grateful of their ongoing support with our response to the challenges we are facing.”