Fans of NBC’s thrilling crime drama have more questions and theories on their minds than ever after this week’s riveting episode, El Conejo. As the mystery surrounding the death of Liz Keen (played by Megan Boone) deepens ever further, Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (James Spader) discovers one of his former associates could still be alive. Season nine of The Blacklist reached its highest ratings yet with this Friday’s new episode. Episode 17 was watched by a total of 3.1 million live viewers in the US. The figures may come as a surprise after the NBC thriller moved to its new slot this year. Since it began in 2013, The Blacklist has pulled in several million viewers during its primetime Thursday night slot. READ MORE: Owain Wyn Evans husband: Who is the BBC Breakfast star married to? Red and the team are now back on Friday nights, and the adjustment clearly hasn’t affected the show’s consistently strong ratings. Plus, there are still plenty of twists and turns to be found, as this week’s episode proved. In a shocking development for the series, Red confronted Heinrich Zimmerstahl (Philip Goodwin) about a bespoke safe which can only be opened by himself or his daughter, Liz. Heinrich claimed a female associate-turned-rival of Red’s with access to his bank details ordered a duplicate safe to be made. He described a woman who seemed to be none other than Kathryn Nemec (Susan Blommaert), alias Mr Kaplan, who apparently jumped to her death back in season four. However, nothing is ever quite as it seems when it comes to The Blacklist, so Mr Kaplan could be welcomed back into the fold by the end of this season. Alternatively, Red’s associate could have set things in motion before her death to lead him directly to Liz’s killer. Mr Kaplan would have never killed Liz herself, but it seems there is still plenty more to discover about the tragic death of Red’s daughter at the end of the previous season. DON'T MISS:Britain’s Got Talent viewers call out ‘staged’ water escape [REACTION]Moon Knight crew member exposes meaning behind hippo god twist [INSIGHT]NCIS LA season 13: Callen and Anna on verge of split [THEORY] As the credits rolled on another thrilling chapter of The Blacklist, the show’s legions of fans wasted no time in expressing their stunned reactions to the latest revelations on social media. Twitter user @mkbashir9 exclaimed: “Oh My God. Mr Kaplan is alive all this time. “She was the one hunting Red, not surprised tbh no real proof showing she’s dead after she jumped into the river.” As Mr Kaplan’s death is never explicitly shown, many viewers were left completely convinced she managed to find a way to survive. Abdulsalam Nuhu said: “Mr. Kaplan is back! She actually only fell into the river. No one saw her die.” However, others weren’t so convinced, with Ashleigh claiming: “I don’t think Kaplan is alive. But someone is continuing the plan she started when she was alive. “Whether that’d be Marvin, her sister or some unknown villain…I hope we get a glimpse of that person before the season ends.” (sic) With millions of viewers and season 10 already confirmed, The Blacklist is still going from strength to strength each week and no doubt there’ll be even more mysteries to look forward to over the coming episodes. The Blacklist season 9 continues Fridays on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.