Ryan Reynolds has turned down a fan request to buy Manchester United from the Glazer family as he continues his Hollywood story at the helm of Wrexham AFC. Fans loved his reply on Twitter, where he has regularly tweeted about the club amid what could be a hugely successful season. Reynolds and his close friend fellow actor Rob McElhenney bought Wrexham in November 2020 and completed the takeover in February 2021. Upon switching the Hollywood hills for the Welsh valleys, both publicly stated their desire to guide the club back into the Football League. In the pair's first full campaign as owners, Wrexham sit second in the National League and are primed for a place in the play-offs as they pursue an early promotion from non-league football. The Dragons have also booked their place in the FA Trophy final - a Wembley Stadium showdown against Bromley later this year. And Reynolds particularly makes headlines with his comedic tweets about the club's exploits, most recently making it clear he's fully committed. In response to a United fan pleaded him to buy the Red Devils on Sunday, the Deadpool star replied: "I'm already seeing someone." JUST IN: Man Utd set Erik ten Hag deadline with Ajax boss ready for Bundesliga Whilst Wrexham fans are in awe of Reynolds and McElhenney's ownership so far, the emotions at Old Trafford couldn't be more contrasting. The Glazers are vastly unpopular amongst the United fanbase for the total dividends they have extracted from the club throughout their tenure. Supporters showcased the biggest protest against their American owners last season in the wake of the European Super League collapse. United's Premier League clash against Liverpool was postponed after a large group infiltrated Old Trafford and invaded the pitch hours before kick-off. READ MORE: Didi Hamann disagrees with Jurgen Klopp with sly dig at Pep Guardiola Whilst the Manchester heavyweights continue to struggle, Wrexham are on their way up in league and cup competition. The Racecourse Ground has witnessed incredible late scenes in recent weeks, including a 6-5 comeback win after trailing 5-2 against Dover and a 3-2 turnaround against Eastleigh last time out. Both games featured 98th-minute winners, and Reynolds was present as Paul Mullin scored a stoppage-time double against Stockport County in the FA Trophy semi-finals last weekend. However, Stockport lead by eight points at the National League summit, so Wrexham could require more headline-stealing performances to seal a League Two return. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.