Following his iconic return to competitive golf last week, Tiger Woods’ family are in sheer disbelief of the American’s efforts after daughter Sam admitted: "It shouldn’t be happening.” Woods had been out of action for some time after suffering severe injuries in a car crash last February. Following the accident it was feared that the golfing great may never compete again due to the severity of his injuries, with Woods later revealing amputation of his leg was ‘on the table’ after being admitted to hospital. Remarkably though, 14 months later the 82-time PGA Tour winner was able to make his comeback at Augusta National, a course he has enjoyed so much success on down the years. His comeback no doubt came as a surprise in the build-up to the event, with Woods keeping any updates on his rehabilitation extremely close to his chest. However it turns out the fans were not the only ones surprised, with his daughter Sam also left in disbelief. She said: “It's miraculous. It shouldn't be happening.” Woods himself discussed the ‘long road’ he had endured to get himself back to competitive fitness, and feels people don’t ‘understand’ exactly what he had been through to get back to Augusta National. JUST IN: Tiger Woods' Masters prize money winnings revealed after iconic Augusta comeback He said: “It’s been a tough road and one I’m very thankful to have had the opportunity to be able to grind through it. A lot of different things could have happened, but after 14 months I’m able to tee it up and play the Masters. I don’t think people really understand. “The people who are close to me understand, they’ve seen it. Some of the players who are close to me have seen it and have seen some of the pictures, and the things that I have had to endure and they appreciate it probably more than anyone else because they know what it takes to do this out here at this level.” DON'T MISSScottie Scheffler sends emotional 'thank you' message to Tiger Woods after Masters winTiger Woods commits to Open Championship at 'favourite golf course'Rory McIlroy 'getting hang of Augusta' after 'miracle' shot to finish second at Masters Woods reiterated on Sunday that despite coming back to Augusta, his return to the PGA Tour will only be a part-time one. The next major is now just over a month away, as the PGA Championship takes place at Southern Hills, however he revealed that he is still unsure on whether he will compete there but did confirm he will be at St. Andrews for the Open Championship. He said: “I don’t know if I'll play Southern Hills [venue of the PGA] or not but I am looking forward to St Andrews. That's something that is near and dear to my heart and I’ve won two Opens there. It is the home of golf and my favourite golf course in the world so I will be there for that one."