Chris Pratt is back at it again. The latest trailer for Jurassic World Dominion showed him minding his business in the woods somewhere before being inexplicably visited by Blue - his favourite raptor from Jurassic World and Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom. But this time, Blue has a companion. Pratt's character Owen Grady noted how Blue had a child with her. The characters then quickly pointed out "that's impossible" but, in true Jurassic Park fashion, it happened. This is easily a call back to one of the franchise's best-loved comments. In Jurassic Park, Dr Ian Malcolm (Jeff Goldblum) pointed out that "life, uh, finds a way". This unexpected reveal in the trailer could lay the groundwork for how the Jurassic Park series will continue for years to come. If the dinosaurs are now inexplicably finding a way to procreate, there will never be a need for scientists to get involved with the creation of the creatures again. New species - such as the feathered swimmer shown in the trailer - will become more prominent in future movies. This endless supply of dinosaurs could also continue to expand to the point where the humans in the series are outnumbered. Will the film series end with the dinosaurs taking over, as Ian Malcolm predicted?  Although the series is supposedly ending with this third Jurassic World film, it could continue into a third trilogy of films that have not yet been announced. Meanwhile, the most exciting part of Jurassic World Dominion is the return of the three main characters from the Jurassic Park series. Not only is Dr Ian Malcolm making a comeback, but so too are Dr Alan Grant (Sam Neill) and Dr Ellie Satler (Laura Dern). This will be the first time all three of the iconic heroes will be returning at the same time since the original Jurassic Park.  At the moment, no further films in the franchise have been announced just yet. But, considering 2018's Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom made a staggering $1.3 billion at the box office, chances are the franchise will continue for many years to come. This means will also likely get even more characters and dinosaurs going forward. Jurassic World Dominion hits cinemas on June 8.