For heaven’s sake, I thought scornfully. Can’t the woman have a chat with her mum? Then I remembered. My mother died at the age of 57 without uttering a syllable about the thing. I vaguely recall my grandma flinging the windows open in December because she was “boiling over” but that’s the sum total information-wise from my family. My menopause started on January 18, 2011. How do I know? Well, it was my first morning presenting Early Breakfast on Radio 2. I was in the studio at 4am, nervous, excited and then – what the heck? – alternately deep-frozen then drenched in sweat. Frankly, 12 years later nothing has changed. My medical history prevents my devouring the miracle elixir HRT and “bioidentical” hormone treatments are, alas, also denied me. I have tried evening primrose oil and everything else, pretty well including “eye of newt and toe of frog”. But I seem condemned to what feels like an eternal fire-and-ice purgatory. As ever my timing was off. My change of life came just before a chorus of fragrant female celebrities including Davina McCall and Mariella Frostrup re-purposed the menopause and made it more user-friendly. Mine was in the “keep it quiet and don’t embarrass yourself” days and one male producer thought it fine to say: “You’ve taken your cardigan on and off 36 times in one show.” You prayed that if a TV camera was pointed at you, big fat drops of perspiration wouldn’t run down and splash on the studio floor. Far from proclaiming our predicament and enlisting bosses to make better provision for our requirements, my generation – only slightly older than Davina’s – chucked all the energy we could muster alongside the mood swings, disturbed sleep and brain-freeze and pretended nothing whatsoever was going on. I back Gwyneth to the hilt. Let her enlist a cohort of endocrinologists and nutritionists to guide her through this ordeal. If her mother doesn’t have the answers let her find the experts that do. Then let her share her knowledge with the sisterhood generously. Believe me, we women of a certain vintage could have jolly well done with a bit of help. --------------------------------------------------------- Sexism out of the Stone age We may never know the identity of the snivelling misogynist who claimed that Labour’s deputy leader Angela Rayner, incapable of challenging the PM verbally, resorted instead to “doing a Sharon Stone”, by showing her legs – albeit with her knickers on, unlike Basic Instinct’s notorious scene. What a shame he might escape being named and shamed for the all-too-common crime of reducing a woman of distinction to nothing more than the friction between her stockinged thighs. What I am about to write may be staggeringly shocking to some but here goes... most women have legs. From time to time – even in the workplace – we cross them. We shift positions so as to become a little more comfortable. We do not tend to do this for any other reason. We do not see it as a secret weapon. When we fold our right leg over our left it is never because we’re too thick to speak and we our hoping to derail our opponents. You know when you chaps shuffle your feet around to find the right position? You know you don’t expect it to render your colleagues incoherent with slavering lust? Same. --------------------------------------------------------- Fed-up women take lead role Award-winning A-list actresses Jane Fonda, 84, and Lily Tomlin, 82, wept when they were told their hit sitcom Grace And Frankie had been commissioned for its final series. Even the prodigious power of their combined influence could not rescue them or their show from the whims of the blokes in suits. That’s why Reese Witherspoon and her Hollywood peers are biting the bullet, forming production companies and financing their own films. The pressure is huge but never again will they have to wait for a call deciding their fate from some chap young enough to be their grandson. --------------------------------------------------------- Bill still right up our street Last Thursday an extremely handsome man swept into the make-up room at This Morning. Tall and impeccably dressed with chiselled features and lashings of gloriously sweeping grey hair, this silver fox mesmerised every woman in the room. Who was this sexy Adonis? Only Bill Roache, aka Coronation Street’s Ken Barlow, on the show to celebrate his 90th birthday. The gentleman is suave and seductive proof once you’ve got a USP it never deserts you. --------------------------------------------------------- Why we should all listen to Sharon Osbourne I hope all eyes weren’t focused solely on Piers Morgan whose new show started on TalkTV last night. Not that I don’t think he’s riveting but in the excitement let’s not forget Sharon Osbourne, who also debuted. You may not agree with her but she makes you fume, squirm, giggle and howl at the telly. She’s infuriating, adorable, passionate and polarising all at the same time. What’s not to marvel at? No one dare call Mrs O boring. I call that great TV value for money. --------------------------------------------------------- You can’t beat a bit of audience participation From time to time I am asked to speak at functions. I never know whether to be flattered or exasperated. I’m already on the radio five days a week for five-and-a-half hours. What more can I possibly be expected to say? Still, I agonise over my decision. How devastated and deprived my eager audience might be if I declined! Yet a passing remark on Radio 4’s Secret Barrister programme put the thing smartly in perspective. He attended a Law Society dinner and couldn’t recollect if the audience had been addressed by “an ambitious junior minister or one of McFly”. No one is irreplaceable.