Ex-Crystal Palace owner Simon Jordan has branded Everton manager Frank Lampard a 'bloody fool' who has done 'precisely nothing' since replacing Rafa Benitez at Goodison Park. Lampard has endured a horror spell in the hot seat since his January 31 appointment and faces a mighty challenge to keep Everton in the Premier League. The 43-year-old has overseen just two league wins - against fellow strugglers Leeds United and Newcastle United - and six defeats since his arrival on Merseyside. And the Toffees have scored in just three of his eight league outings at the helm, cementing their status in the relegation battle. Tonight, Everton travel to Turf Moor to face Burnley in a must-win affair for both teams in the battle for survival. But Jordan blatantly has little faith in Lampard to turn his fortunes with the Toffees around ahead of a nightmare run-in. On Wednesday's talkSPORT broadcast, Trevor Sinclair defended Lampard's dire start to life at Everton. The host, Jim White, fired back: "Why bother feeling for Frank? Frank's a big boy. He knew what he was getting into." And Sinclair responded: "Well, I don't think he did. I don't think he knew how poor certain players were." JUST IN: Pep Guardiola has several Man City tactics to get right ahead of clash That was Jordan's cue to produce a deep-cutting rant about Lampard. "Well, he's a bloody fool then, isn't he?" Jordan remarked. "Frank Lampard has gone in there and done precisely nothing. He's turned a team that was fighting against teams like Chelsea into a team that capitulated diabolically against Tottenham and was a disgrace against Crystal Palace. "That comes from the manager. These players aren't hanging onto anything that Frank is saying. You wanted this job, and if you didn't know what you were walking into, you should have done your due diligence and been a professional." READ MORE: Liverpool warned they need 'below par' Mohamed Salah to beat Man City Sinclair couldn't reignite his defence of the former Chelsea boss, and whilst admitting Jordan's brutal evaluation was 'harsh', White agreed with his comments. He said: "That does sound harsh but to me Simon's on the money with that. He knew what he was getting into." If Burnley triumph this evening, Everton will be just one point in safety with Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester United and Leicester City (twice) to play amongst their final nine fixtures. Lampard faces a significant fight not just to maintain Everton's top-flight status but to also prove his doubters wrong. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.