On Wednesday, April 27, a unanimous decision was made during a full council meeting that Prince Andrew is to be stripped of his Freedom of the City of York honour. The councillors called for him to also relinquish his Duke of York title after his out-of-court settlement with Virginia Giuffre in the US. It was reported in February that he had agreed to pay an undisclosed sum to Virginia Giuffre after she accused him of sexual abuse in a US civil claim. Prince Andrew vehemently denies the allegations and settled withouth admisson of liability. GB News presenter Cameron Walker touched on the revelation and commented that the palace will be getting "uncomfortable" being so close to Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee. Cameron reported on the news and said: "So we have got some breaking news out of York this evening, York City Council have voted to remove Prince Andrew's honorary Freedom of the City that was an honour bestowed to him in 1987 as a wedding gift. "Now Buckingham Palace is not saying anything this evening, and neither is the Duke of York's office. "We do know back in March that the Duke of March settled out of court in a civil sex case against him, Virginia Giuffre accused him of sexually assaulting her when she was a teenager. "It is an allegation the Duke has always denied, now councillor Daryl Smalley in a statement tonight from York City Council says, 'It sends the right message that we as a city stand with victims of abuse'. READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry "He goes on to say that the next logical step is for Prince Andrew to do the right thing and to relinquish his Duke of York title. "He then calls on Buckingham Palace and the Government to remove it for him if he refuses to do so. So now, obviously, that is an incredibly strong statement. "But it is important to say that the Duke of York has always denied the allegations against him, and there was no deniability or admission of guilt in that out of court settlement back in March," he explained. Cameron continued: "But we do know that he had a friendship with the convicted sex offender Jeffery Epstein, but the Queen does not have the power to relinquish the Duke of York from him. "Only the act of parliament can do that, so the question tonight is, it is up to MPs to decide whether they feel as strongly as York city councillors have tonight. "All of this happening, of course, just a month before the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June, and I think it is going to be a very uncomfortable night for the palace," he concluded. Virginia had been suing the Duke of York in a civil case, claiming he sexually abused her on three occasions when she was 17, allegations he has repeatedly denied. The council took just 40 minutes to reach the decision to strip Andrew of his titles. DON'T MISS...Calls for Prince Andrew to lose Duke title after York honour loss [LATEST]Prince Louis likened to Prince Andrew in his 4th birthday pictures [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew humiliated after being stripped of major British honour  [NEWS] Prince Andrew is the first VIP to be stripped of his freemanship since Jimmy Savile had his Freedom of Scarborough removed in 2011. He has always strenuously denied the allegations against him, and his signed settlement with Ms Giuffre contained no admission of liability. Her majesty will be celebrating her Platinum Jubilee in June and is set to see four days of celebrations which include public events and community activities. The Queen’s birthday parade (Trooping the Colour), a Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral and the Derby at Epsom Downs are all on the schedule. However, some feel that Prince Andrew's recent appearance at Westminster Abbey for Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial and the scandal has "tarnished" her celebrations. Writing for the Daily Beast, royal author Clive Irving said: “This year, what should have been a glorious, unblemished celebration of Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee has instead become tarnished by the iniquity of the Queen’s second son. "And by the puzzle of her attachment to him, demonstrated when he escorted her to her seat in Westminster Abbey for the service celebrating the life of Prince Philip.” The Queen, who has faced mobility issues in recent months, held onto the arm of her son as he accompanied her to the front pew at her late husband's memorial service.