Manchester United may well hope history repeats itself if they choose to bring in Mauricio Pochettino over Erik ten Hag. United officials are still going through the process of picking their next permanent manager with just weeks left until the remainder of the season. The Red Devils were clear after sacking Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in November that they wanted to make the right appointment and were willing to take their time in choosing who to bring in. Ralf Rangnick has attempted to steadied the ship in the process before he moves up to a consultancy role on the board from next season. United have seemingly moved closer to choosing who will come in with reports last month stating talks had taken place with Ten Hag. The Ajax coach has since confirmed talks with United, but also won't make a decision until the end of the current campaign. That puts United on a very tight deadline with the club supposedly desperate to have their new manager in place before the summer transfer window. Pochettino has consistently been linked with the Old Trafford hotseat ever since he left Tottenham in November 2019. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick could use RB Leipzig contacts  And United would be potentially aiming to follow a unique trend in bringing in Pochettino from Paris Saint-Germain. Both of Pochettino's predecessors at PSG eventually went on to win major European titles. Thomas Tuchel was the last PSG boss to make the step into the Premier League after losing his job with the Ligue 1 side. And he made an immediate impact at Chelsea after leading the Blues to Champions League glory last year. Unai Emery may not have enjoyed such immediate success following his departure from PSG in 2018. The Spaniard took over from Arsene Wenger at Arsenal that summer and he did end up taking the Gunners to the Europa League final. DON'T MISS  Arsenal ended up losing to Chelsea with Emery sacked in November 2019. After taking the rest of the season off, Emery returned to management with Villarreal and he soon began to make an impact at the La Liga side. He led Villarreal to their first European final in the Europa League after beating former club Arsenal and Emery led the Spanish side to glory after defeating Manchester United on penalties. That was United's first European final since winning the Europa League in 2017 and they only managed the Champions League round-of-16 stage this campaign. Pochettino has strong pedigree in Europe's elite competition having previously led Tottenham to their first Champions League final in 2019. While Pochettino has failed to so far deliver the coveted European crown at PSG, he remains one of the most highly-rated coaches in world football. And given the track record of previous PSG managers in Europe, United may get exactly what they want in hiring the Argentine. This will be the fifth season United have gone without winning a piece of silverware - their longest run without a trophy since the 1980s. Ten Hag may be the No 1 choice for the moment due to his success at Ajax, but Pochettino could be the obvious choice if United are chasing trophies in the immediate future.