Laura Norton, 38, has opened up about her battle with hair loss. The star explained that her hair began to fall out in clumps after landing her dream role. Following the actress receiving her role as Emmerdale’s Kerry Wyatt, Laura said the beginnings of her life in the new role were tough. The actress explained that she took certain synthetic hormones which were supposed to tackle her “horrendous” period pains. She added that certain testosterone-heavy pills attack hair follicles. This made her hair thinner and weaker, causing it to fall. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show "What they never told me was certain pills are testosterone-heavy and attack hair follicles, making hair get thinner and weaker, then fall out." She wrote in an open letter to New Magazine that things worsened after joining the ITV soap. The star said: “I got my dream job playing Kerry Wyatt on Emmerdale and - boom - my hair was falling out in clumps." She sarcastically remarked that it wasn’t great for her self-esteem. Laura penned: “Thanks universe, great timing! “It wasn't great for the old self-esteem." The star explained that things improved for her after contacting her trichologist, or hair doctor, in Newcastle. Laura said that she was given drops for her hormones and ferritin supplies, which increased her iron levels. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] She was also given pills that were more friendly with her hair than the ones she had been taking. Laura recently welcomed newborn Jesse with former co-star Mark Jordon. Because of the pregnancy, she said that her hair began to once again fall out as she couldn’t take the pills due to hormonal content. She explained: "It was so intense I don't know how I had any hair left on my head." Laura said, however, that the hair did eventually grow back. She wrote in the letter that she expects the same thing to happen again at some point in the future. Laura has portrayed Kerry in Emmerdale since 2012, while Mark, 54, played Daz Spencer between 2014 and 2019. The two met and began dating when he joined the cast to play Kerry’s brother-in-law.