Prime Minister Boris Johnson is preparing to meet India's premier Narendra Modi on Thursday after the trip was cancelled twice due to the coronavirus pandemic. Mr Johnson said he hoped to strike a trade deal "by the end of the year" and that he had "always been in favour of having people come to this country". A speedy deal could be made by allowing more Indian people to move to the UK to plug a workers shortage in some sectors. Mr Johnson said: ”We have a massive shortage in the UK, not least in experts in IT and programmers. "We're short to the tune of hundreds of thousands in our economy. We need to have a professional approach but it has to be controlled." Easier immigration is a key demand of Mr Modi in the upcoming negotiations, while Mr Johnson could negotiate for cheaper work visas, which currently cost more than £1,000 for Indians going to the UK, or a scheme for young Indians to live and work in the UK for three years. READ MORE: POLL: Is Boris right to increase Indian immigration for trade deal? The Prime Minister has said he is focused on "jobs, growth and a fantastic partnership with India" in this week's talks, but India’s relationship with Russia stands to overshadow the negotiations. Mr Modi has refused to condemn Russia for its invasion of Ukraine and has continued trade. Mr Johnson, who has a good working relationship with Mr Modi, is said to be conscious of telling a former UK colonial power of how to conduct its international affairs. Speaking from his plane to India, Mr Johnson said the UK recognises the “historic relationship between India and Russia”. The Government also said, when negotiations began in January, that the trade deal could boost UK trade by up to £28 billion a year by 2035, and could increase wages by up to £3 billion UK wide. According to a statement released by the Government, a deal would slash barriers on UK exports to India. The Government said: "Removing duties alone would increase exports to India by up to £6.8 billion, supporting tens of thousands of jobs across the UK." Important UK exports like Scotch whisky and cars currently face enormous duties of 150 percent and 125 percent respectively. DON'T MISSBoris to greenlight huge surge in Indian immigration [REPORT]Who would deliver a better Brexit as Boris faces no-confidence vote? [HAVE YOUR SAY]Not immediately' Boris to bypass no confidence vote as MPs cast ballot [INSIGHT] According to tradingeconomics.com, India’s biggest exports to the UK are machinery, nuclear reactors and boilers. The three combined amount to $1.06 billion in imports for the UK. The second-largest export is pearls, precious stones, metals and coins, with some $964 million being imported to the UK in 2021. In 2021, $885 million worth of electronic equipment was exported from India to the UK - the third largest group. Clothes are also a big export of India’s - the UK received $703.69 million ‘articles of apparel, knit or crocheted’, or $612 million in ‘articles not knit or crocheted’ last year. The UK exports similar items to India, with the number one export being machinery, nuclear reactors and boilers worth £1.25 billion in 2021. Precious stones and metals are another big UK export, with $978 million being delivered to India last year. The third biggest UK export to India, with a 2021 value of $423 million, is electronic equipment. The UK also exported $371 million worth of optical and medical apparatus to India in 2021.