The outlook will be positive for vast swathes of the UK, with British Weather Services' Jim Dale predicting that the bank holiday has “pleasantly warm” weather in store for relaxing Britons. Mr Dale described how warm air would move up “initially from the Canaries” through the Bay of Biscay before covering the UK in time for Easter. He relayed how the UK would be “importing the warm temperatures from the continent”, and there will be warmth coming up “from the Canaries and later out of the continent, out of France”. Mr Dale told Express.co.uk that “some areas will get away with a completely dry Friday to Monday”. The east and southeast of England “will see the best of any brightness, and the best of any dry weather that’s on offer”, with most of the area “virtually universally dry”. Unfortunately for Northern Ireland, they will see the "poorest of the bank holiday weather" and will be “drawing the short straw” with the incoming cooler temperatures from the Atlantic. For Friday, Mr Dale said there would be “no problem with the warmth side of things”, with “bright and sunny spells” for most of the UK. Across Wales and the Midlands, there will be spots of cloud and scattered showers, but “pleasant warmth” is the overriding phrase for Good Friday. For Friday, Mr Dale predicted that the top temperatures in the southeast will touch 21C, the warmest covering from London across to Cambridge and East Anglia. The rest of the country is likely to see maximum temperatures between 14 and 18C, with the Scottish highlands just hovering in double-digit figures. READ MORE: Brits spending habits have changed due to cost-of-living crisis Earlier this week, the Met Office said the Easter weekend could herald the warmest temperatures of 2022 so far, beating the current record for this year of 20.8C. Meteorologist Annie Shuttleworth said: “If people are travelling for sunshine, then further eastern areas are more likely to see that brighter weather.” She added: “I think in the main for the bank holiday weekend, we’ll see temperatures quite widely above average across the UK and hopefully they could be very warm in the south-east in particular. “Warmer than average certainly, but nowhere near heatwave criteria. It will definitely be warmer than the week we’ve just had and last week.” DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Lord Frost outlines five areas UK must urgently exploit [LIVE] Kremlin files leak in Anonymous cyber attack [REVEAL] BBC Weather: Warm weather and showers expected across Easter weekend [MAP] As the weekend progresses, Mr Dale predicted a “small shower risk over the Welsh borders into England” and the northwest, but the “main activity” will focus on Northern Ireland as the Saturday wears on. Again, the warmest temperatures will be reserved for the southeast and London, with the “odd 20” recorded but mostly restricted to the high teens. The Grampians and parts of Scotland will see far cooler temperatures of 6 or 7C, whilst the majority of the country is more likely to experience between 12 and 15C. Sunday will herald “a better day” that is “nearly universally dry”, Mr Dale said, before the weather turns on Easter Monday.  The southeast and the East Midlands will once again likely hit 19C, dropping slightly to between 15 and 17C in most other places. Although “most parts of the country will stay dry” on Monday, a band of rain across the west of the UK, running from the north of Scotland all the way down to Cornwall and Devon will start to dominate the forecast. As a “new frontal system” moves in from the Atlantic, the forecast will turn more showery and temperatures dip after the long weekend. With temperatures “a little bit cooler for most places”, falling somewhere between 13 and 17C, London will clinch the maximum warm temperature of around 18C.