Roy Keane and Micah Richards both hit out at a Liverpool player during their analysis of the huge match against Manchester City on Sunday. Trent Alexander-Arnold and Fabinho were the end of the criticism from the two pundits. Manchester City went into the match one point clear of Liverpool at the top of the Premier League table. Pep Guardiola's side took an early lead at the Etihad through Kevin de Bruyne. De Bruyne's deflected shot left Liverpool goalkeeper Alisson helpless. Former City defender Richards was amazed with the start to the game but thought Fabinho should have done more to stop De Bruyne getting a shot away. He said at half-time on Sky Sports: "It's absolutely brilliant. The game is just electric, high quality is what we expected today. READ MORE: Ronaldo left boy 'bruised' after smashing phone as mum of Everton fan speaks out  "On the first goal here, I like the way City take the free kick so quick, Liverpool really can't react. I'm expecting Fabinho there to do a little bit more against De Bruyne." Liverpool then equalised through Diogo Jota before Gabriel Jesus restored City's lead. Jesus was a surprise inclusion in the starting XI by Pep Guardiola. Keane praised the City boss's decision but hit out at Alexander-Arnold's defensive positioning for Joao Cancelo's cross. Keane said: "Listen, brilliant finish and brilliant decision from Pep to play him. DON'T MISSAntonio Conte relying on double Tottenham exit before making James Maddison bid [TRANSFERS]American billionaire Ken Griffin makes Chelsea transfer promise if takeover gets go-ahead [QUOTES]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel given Real Madrid headache by two stars after Southampton win [OPINION]  "But Trent, maybe body position slightly wrong, I'm sure Jamie [Carragher] and Gary [Neville] will look at it, and obviously Micah. "Just not switched on, body language defensively switched off, but a brilliant finish. It's been an amazing game, fantastic." It wasn't just the Liverpool players receiving flak from the punditry duo. Keane also questioned City goalkeeper Ederson, who allowed Jota's equaliser under his body. On Liverpool hitting back quickly, Keane said: "They've just got that quality. They never really got started, it took them 10 minutes to get a few passes together.  "We know they've got their qualities. They've got that quality, we see it here. "City defend quite well, [Andy] Robertson, brilliant by Trent, Jota as he's been doing for the last couple of years, brilliant finish. Keeper could maybe do better but Liverpool just worked their way back into the game. "Not necessarily loads of possession but just that bit of quality, beautiful goal, keeper should maybe do better."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here