Elizabeth Hurley has been hit by a backlash after posing with two starfish in some stunning bikini-clad holiday photos posted on Instagram. Some angry fans pointed out the starfish would have suffocated, and die if they are touched by a human. Sharing the two photos with her 2.3million followers, Liz wrote: “Found these magnificent starfish, alive but stranded, on the beach- they’re now happily back at the bottom of the sea”. The 56-year-old made it clear she put the beautiful creatures back in the sea where they belong. She even explained how she’d saved their lives, because they had been stranded on the sand, doomed to suffocate out of water. But some of her followers were still not impressed, and chastised the Austin Powers star for posing for a photo rather than making haste. READ MORE: Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress Alexiazn wrote: “They are beautiful, too bad they died after you took that photo. People must know that starfish die when you take them out of the water!” Beyronce agreed: “the caption is definitely a lie. the starfish wouldn’t survive on the beach”. Joanna Colcough added: “Poor starfish. Let’s hope they were put back in the sea.” “They are extremely delicate and most likely won't survive once you take them out of the sea and manipulate them,” wrote another disgruntled user, according to the Daily Mail. Express.co.uk has contacted a representative for Liz for comment. It’s been a tough time for the mum-of-one, who lost two people close to her in recent weeks, and the star appears to be boosting her mood with a sun-soaked holiday. First came Shane Warne, her cricketer ex-fiance who had remained a good friend even after their split in 2013, after three years together. In a devastated tribute, Liz wrote: “I feel like the sun has gone behind a cloud forever. RIP my beloved Lionheart”. DON'T MISS...Johnny Depp's best friend sobs in court over Amber Heard abuse case [TEARS] Stacey Solomon says 'boobs are on fire' as she's rushed to doctors [UPDATE] Adam Boulton erupts at ex-Sky News pal over Rwanda migrant comments [TWITTER] In another post, she added: “It still hasn’t really sunk in that he’s gone. “It seems too cruel that all the people who loved him will never have another Lion hug, but our memories will live forever.” Two weeks later, Liz returned to social media for another sad tribute, this time mourning the loss of her photographer friend Patrick Demarchelier, who died aged 78. Posting some of her favourite photos he took of her, Liz said Demarchelier had been a “dream to work with”. Liz wrote: “RIP @patrickdemarchelier I shot so many covers, advertising campaigns and movie posters with you. “You were a dream to work with and you will be so missed”. The stunning star was also hit by sad news last year when Steve Bing, who is the father of her son Damian, took his own life. Another blow was the fact Damian, 20, was cut out of his grandfather’s trust, losing the £180 million he had expected to inherit. In a statement, Liz claimed this is not what Steve had wanted, and it was the work of his “callous” relatives. 