 Jane McDonald had a hard time controlling her balance in the latest episode of her Channel 5 show Holidaying with Jane McDonald: The Caribbean. Keen to try out some relaxing activities on her trip to Barbados, the singing star booked in a session of paddleboard yoga. However, things soon went awry when she fell into the sea.    In the episode, fans saw Jane meet up with paddleboard yoga instructor Tiffany. “This is standup paddle board yoga, designed to strengthen the body whilst being in touch with nature,” Jane explained to viewers. As the session began, Jane instantly got the giggles as she struggled to get onto the board. “Oh my god. Ahh!” Jane screamed, as she desperately tried to find her balance. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin devastated as Toyah adopts baby  Tiffany and Jane sat on their respective paddleboards cross legged as they began to do some breathing exercises. Tiffany explained: “Paddleboard yoga is really good for the core and really good for balance. “Close your eyes. Sit up nice and tall. Float your arms up to the sky and exhale, hands to heart centre,” she said, guiding Jane. However, the instructor soon stepped things up a notch, encouraging Jane to try out some different yoga poses.   "So we’re going to get on all fours,” Tiffany explained. “Right, are you sure?” Jane questioned, as she attempted to get into the correct position. Jane told viewers: “Yoga has many benefits like stress relief, giving you muscle tone, and positions like this improve core strength and balance. “So far so good,” the singer remarked, tempting fate. DON'T MISS...When will Laura Kuenssberg take over as Andrew Marr’s replacement? [INSIGHT]Oscar Isaac wife: Who is Moon Knight star married to? [MUST SEE]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker should be replaced by Tim Peake [WATCH]  It wasn’t long before Jane lost her balance and exclaimed: “Oh my god. This is harder than you think.” She soon fell from her board and splashed into the sea, letting out a scream. The Channel 5 presenter told viewers: “And that, ladies and gentlemen, is what happens when you’re lacking a little core strength.” “How difficult can this be?" Jane questioned, before falling into the water once more and adding: "Ah, this difficult."   However, despite struggling with her balance, Jane confessed she enjoyed the aerobic experience. She admitted: “There is something very calming about breathing in sync with the waves. “The biggest challenge for me has been getting back onto the board, I won’t lie to you on that. “But, it’s been brilliant,” Jane said, before thanking Tiffany for guiding her through the lesson. Holidaying with Jane McDonald: The Caribbean airs Sundays at 9pm on Channel 5. 