Katherine Ryan, 38, is a very popular face in the comedy world having taken part in shows including 8 Out of 10 Cats, Would I Lie To You? and Mock of the Week. The presenter has spoken about how she handles today's cancel culture at work. Katherine is doing very well for herself and is currently on her European tour which finishes in May this year. Express.co.uk asked Katherine how she deals with today's cancel culture and if there was anything she regretted. She said: "I don’t set out to purposely offend anyone but I do like to be proactive and I’m sure if someone tries to cancel me for a joke it wouldn’t be one that I told recently because I was a different comedian 10 years ago. "Just as I will be a different comedian 10 years from now. READ MORE: Dan Walker laments relationships with BBC Breakfast co-stars amid exit "So, I just don’t think about it much. I’ve always approached comedy with the same goals such as to be funny, try to make sure everyone's having a good time and I’m sorry if I don’t. "Offence is never taken, it's given." She continued: "So sometimes people choose to take offence because they like to be worked up about something and I think there’s sometimes a willful understanding of a joke that wasn’t intended to hurt anyone. "I’ve seen that before, and there’s very little you can do." Katherine was also quizzed on whether she thinks her friend Jimmy Carr deserved the hate he received after his Holocaust joke. The comic replied: "I mean, I can’t comment on any specific situation but I definitely know that comedians tell jokes and have different styles. "I think that right now there seems to be a lot of pressure against a certain genre of comedy. "So it isn’t about this job or that job because I think, at this point if a few jokes from that special have been in the press, it's like you’re offended by all of it or you’re offended by none of it as far I’m concerned." DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [INSIGHT] Carol Kirkwood thanks BBC Breakfast viewer after ITV weather swipe [BBC] Piers Morgan attempts to 'damage' Trump and Nigel Farage's 'bromance' [OPINION] There was some backlash in response to Jimmy's Netflix show, His Dark Material. On the show, he said: "When people talk about the Holocaust, they talk about the tragedy and horror of six million Jewish lives being lost to the Nazi war machine. "But they never mention the thousands of Gypsies that were killed by the Nazis. "No one ever wants to talk about that, because no one ever wants to talk about the positives." Meanwhile, Katherine has partnered with Gousto to help regain her taste and smell after contracting Covid. Speaking about her involvement with Gousto, she said: "It has had such an impact on my family's mealtime and cooking and really enhanced our flavours. "I know a lot of people feel quite sad and powerless about losing their smell and taste. "And that’s not what you know as a comedian. I always want to bring joy and variety to people’s lives." Katherine has teamed up with recipe box Gousto to launch limited-edition Flavour Saviour kits, designed with AbScent to help retrain lost sense of smell and bring back the joy of flavour. Visit flavour-saviour.co.uk from March 14 to order a free kit.