The Princess Royal has travelled 25,000 miles on commercial airlines, including a trip to Australia and Papua New Guinea, to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. She has only travelled with one member of her office staff, not had an evening off, stayed in £185 hotels, packed her own suitcase and even done her own hair and make up, reports state  It is a schedule that has left royal staff "lost in admiration" as, contrasting to other senior royals, Princess Anne gets on with her schedule with a minimum of fuss, sources have stated. Despite being five years over the official age of retirement, she is consistently one of the hardest working members of the Royal Family. The Princess Royal represents the Queen both at home and abroad, attending state and ceremonial occasions, conducting investitures and supporting more than 300 charities, organisations and military regiments. To mark the Queen’s historic 70 years on the throne, she was asked to represent her mother by visiting Sydney and Papua New Guinea, where the Queen is still head of state.  Her punishing schedule started on Thursday last week following a full day of engagements in Liverpool after which she flew by helicopter back to the capital and boarded a commercial flight to Sydney at Heathrow. She was accompanied by her husband, Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence and her private secretary Charles Davies. She flew to Australia without a stop-over and arrived in Sydney at 5am on Saturday. By 9.30am Anne was at her first engagement - an audience with the Governor of New South Wales.  READ MORE: 'Emotionally needy' Harry 'utterly taken over by Meghan' as 'whole ... Princess Anne spent the rest of the day - from 11.30am to 6.30pm - at the Royal Agricultural Society of NSW’s Bicentennial Sydney Royal Easter Show. On Saturday evening, she also attended a dinner at Sydney Olympic Park as guest of honour. Sunday was equally busy as she visited representatives of the rural fire service and saw first hand the devastating effects of the recent bushfires and floods. In the afternoon she took to the water for a visit to the Sea Heritage Foundation. DON'T MISS:  POLL: Is it time for Meghan Markle to have her royal title removed? [REVEAL] Prince Andrew shuts down another business venture [INSIGHT] Royal Family LIVE: Expert pinpoints 'real reason' for Harry snub [SPOTLIGHT]  Monday saw Anne pack in engagements in both Sydney - where she undertook military engagements and inspected a guard of honour - and Papua New Guinea where she met the nation’s Prime Minister, His Excellency The Honourable James Marape. On Tuesday, her punishing schedule was complete with eight engagements including a visit to a girls boarding school and a war cemetery before the visit was rounded off wit dinner with Mr Marape. 