UK motorists will be spared additional charges after a contentious European Union motor insurance law was scrapped. A bill to scrap the “Vnuk” motor insurance law passed through Parliament and will go on to receive Royal assent to confirm the changes into law. British drivers reacted with delight to the news and many described it as a victory for Brexit. The EU law could have required a wider range of vehicles beyond cars and motorbikes to have motor insurance, such as golf buggies, mobility scooters and quad bikes. It would have extended to vehicles on private land, meaning even people with a ride-on lawnmower at home would have potentially required motor insurance. However other insurance options are already available to people who need cover on their private land, such as farmers. READ MORE: Drivers risk failing MOT for having rear-view mirror accessories Car owners in Britain will nowl be spared a possible £50 annual insurance hike, as the Government continues to use “post-Brexit freedoms” to outlaw the controversial EU rule. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps praised Parliament for scrapping the law and saving drivers money. He said: “Sacking this nonsensical EU rule will protect the pockets of hard-working British people as we continue to help ease cost of living pressures. “This is another Brexit win and I’m delighted this Bill has rightfully passed through Parliament, saving billions of pounds of additional insurance costs and protecting our world-leading motorsports sector.” DON'T MISS Driver clocked at 'ridiculous' 148mph [SHOCKING] Electric car drivers do not have enough chargers [REVEAL] New Toyota GR86 sells out in 90 minutes – affordable sports car [INSIGHT] After express.co.uk reported the news, many commenters were happy with the outcome and threw their support behind scrapping more laws. ‘Fedupcitizen’ described it as “A ludicrous law to begin with.” And “Wedidntstartthefire” added: “Another bonkers EU law scrapped. Remainers = angry face.” ‘Bigalmackay’ wrote: “That's terrific. This can form the bedrock onto which Mogg can build his list.” Elsewhere, ‘UK2’ commented: “The more eu rules we kick to the kerb the better for us all.” Although ‘fubw9776721’ added with tongue firmly in cheek: “At last, a tangible Brexit positive. I'm going to take my family to France by lawnmower.” And ‘Voice_of_sanity’ was another who questioned the decision, writing: “I'm sure all the land owning tories are very happy with this, as for the average person, this WILL NOT AFFECT THEM! Why is this seen as a 'victory for British motorists'? IT ISN'T!” ‘Whitworth1’ replied: It is. “The premiums would have hit all vehicle users.” The Bill was originally introduced to Parliament by Peter Bone, a Conservative MP for Wellingborough in Northamptonshire. Mr Bone commented: “I am delighted that Brexit has allowed me to promote a Bill which could save the average motorist £50 per year. “I am grateful for the help that the Motor Insurers’ Bureau and the Government provided in drafting the Bill. “My Motor Vehicles (Compulsory Insurance) Bill is just a small example of our Brexit dividend.”