The Cosford air ambulance crew was called to the scene after a blue Ford Transit and a silver Mercedes Sprinter collided near Gailey around 11.35 BST on Thursday. Two men were injured in the incident, with one taken to Royal Stoke University Hospital and the other went to a hospital in Wolverhampton to be treated for minor injuries.  A spokesperson from West Midlands Ambulance Service said the male driver who is at the Stoke hospital is “in a serious condition”. The scene was attended to by two ambulances, a paramedic officer and West Midlands Air Ambulance Service who swiftly released a statement. The spokesperson said: “We are currently in attendance at a serious road traffic collision on the A5, near Gailey Island, Stafford. “We were called at 11.33am. Two ambulances, a paramedic officer, and the Midlands Air Ambulance from Cosford are currently on scene treating two patients.”  The patient with minor injuries was taken to Wolverhampton’s New Cross Hospital for assessment and treatment. The spokesperson added: “The driver of the second van, a man, received treatment by ambulance staff for non-life-threatening injuries before being taken to New Cross Hospital by land ambulance for further checks.” The ambulance service addressed the driver with serious injuries: “When ambulance staff arrived on scene they found the driver of one van, a man, in a serious condition. READ MORE: NATO Summit: Truss vows 'age of engagement' with Putin 'dead'   “The team worked together to administer treatment to the man to stabilise his condition before he was conveyed, by land ambulance on blue lights, to Royal Stoke University Hospital for further specialist care.” The collision occurred near Gailey Island, where the A5 joins the A449 at Stafford Road and the A5 had both lanes shut between the roundabout and the M6 as emergency crews attended the scene. In the crash, oil was spread across the road and the damaged vans plus medical crews meant the busy main road was shut for over six hours and reopened around 6pm. As collision investigators examined the scene, National Highways officers helped to clear away the oil and debris to make the road safe to reopen. DON'T MISS:POLL: Do you think William and Kate should move closer to the Queen? (POLL)Putin threatens to STARVE Germany in horror retaliation to measures (REACTION)Prince Harry 'excited by his keen reception' in latest video (INSIGHT)  Staffordshire Police are investigating the collision and are appealing for witnesses and any dashcam footage of the accident. A spokesperson for the police force said: “Police are reviewing footage at the scene and would like to speak to anyone who witnessed the collision or those who may have CCTV or dashcam footage of the area at the time of the incident.” Anyone with information regarding the collision have been asked to contact the police, quoting incident 255 of April 7. 