A mother who arrived at her local Aldi and was unable to park in a parents-only bay due to a delivery rider has spoken of her anger. The scooter took up the space for more than an hour according to the woman and the photo has sparked some debate. Becze Imre from Stoke-on-Trent said the rider took up the bay for at least an hour as she did the weekly shop before getting food in the neighbouring McDonald's. The mother-of-one, who has a 16-month-old son, said: "This guy was parking there for more than one hour. “When I went in Aldi he was there and when I finished shopping he was still there. “And then when I finished with McDonald's he was still there. He was speaking in the McDonald's I think." READ MORE: 'Members of the public are stupid!' LBC caller erupts over fuel prices  She decided to post a photo of the offending bike on social media, which then attracted widespread attention, with some on both sides of the debate. Ms Imre conceded that drivers often mistakenly use the bays or are only there for a few minutes - but says that wasn't the case with the biker. She added: "If another car is parked there it doesn't bother you so much. Many times people rush and park in the wrong place. This is forgivable in my eyes. “It's more difficult to park in a car but with a motorcycle it's very easy. So it is sad. Aldi staff are very fast so you can finish with your shopping quickly but he wasn't even in the store," she told Stoke-on-Trent Live. DON'T MISS UK sees largest rise in petrol prices since records began [REVEAL] How to check which petrol stations have diesel near me [INSIGHT] Fuel shortages see stations drying up, says pressure group [WARNING] Commenting on the photo, one woman said: "No consideration at all, bike needs crushing by police and rider needs to be heavily fined." Another woman added: "They should be getting fined. I see it all the time and also people with car seats in the car but no kids with them. "What's the point of having the spaces if they are going to get away with parking like that?" But another woman didn’t agree, writing: "Why are people so bothered? We have a lot more going on in the world. A lot of parents park in these spaces just because they have a child seat in but no child with them." And a man simply added: "First world problems." The incident came as research showed one in four parent and child parking bays are used by people who are ineligible. The most common reason given by people who misused parent and child parking bays was that there were plenty of the spaces available, with 31 percent of those questioned using that excuse. A further 31 percent said they used the bays because they were unable to find another space in the supermarket car park. Just over a quarter said they broke the rules because it was late at night and they did not think there would be any parents with children around. And 22 percent of drivers tried to justify their actions by saying they were only using the space for a few minutes. Unless signage says otherwise, parents are free to use the bays if they are accompanied by a child aged under 12 or in a car or booster seat. Pregnant women using the spaces is considered a grey area because the signs specifically refer to parents with children. Aldi said customers should report misuse of bays to the store manager but adds that limited staff in-store means they are unable to enforce any rules.