Gail (played by Helen Worth) has been mentioned a few times over the last several weeks on Coronation Street but she hasn't made a physical appearance, yet in Friday's instalment, she was back in the thick of the action. This came as a result of Max (Paddy Bever) being arrested for spiking Amy Barlow's (Elle Mulvaney) drink a couple of months ago and his family were worried this meant the youngster was going to be serving time behind bars. Having been on the ITV soap for decades, there isn't a lot which shocks Gail anymore but this latest twist in her grandson's ongoing storyline could be enough to finish her off for good. The episode began the morning the night after Max was arrested, with David Platt (Jack P Shepherd) worrying about what would happen to his stepson. Gail being Gail was trying to clean the house to keep herself occupied and distracted from the trouble her grandson had gotten himself into, which was very reminiscent of what she went through with her son at his age. As the soap veteran was concerned her gloves were not of good enough quality, David told her: "Will you give it a rest, you're getting on my nerves now." With his mother trying to explain herself but getting stressed in the process, Max's stepfather dropped a clue about her possible impending death. "Mother, will you stop. You're going to give yourself another coronary," he declared, referring to the fact she had a heart attack last year. READ MORE: Boris slaps down TalkTV's Tom in tense cost of living probe Explaining herself, Gail said: "I've got to distract myself. My own grandson dragged off to the police station, I didn't sleep a wink." "Yes, you and me both" David replied, with his mother adding: "I cannot believe he spiked Amy Barlow's drink. You've been far too soft on him. "That's what this is all about," she continued as an expression of anxiety wiped across her face, yet another hint she could have another heart attack as the pressure builds and builds. "Yes, alright. I'll admit it. I don't know what to say or do with him anymore, I'm out of my depth," Max's stepfather said. Adding yet more things to her ever-growing list, Gail said she would iron David's shirt so he was ready for court later in the day. "The judge just might go easier on him if you both turn up looking smart," the soap legend said, with David dismissing her. Hitting back, Gail exclaimed: "And don't you give me that face. Alright, Max might be the one on the dock but all eyes will be on you. "Because everyone always blames the parents and I should know," she continued, letting out an almighty sigh as she thought back to David's troubled teenage days. With Gail having already experienced one near-death experience with her heart before, the stress of Max's situation could lead her to have another one and this time it could be fatal. By the end of Friday's episode, Max was left fighting for his life as a cut to the leg meant he had lost a huge amount of blood. DON'T MISS...Corrie’s Bill Roache admits he ‘really fancied’ Queen when they met [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten posts health update after hospital rush [COMMENT]Rula Lenska health: Star, 74, on the 'difficulty' of hearing loss [COMMENT] Spoilers for next week's episodes have revealed he will pull through but the distress of hearing about her grandson being on the cusp of death could trigger something in Gail. As she tries to keep her emotions in check, the soap legend might not realise the impact it's having on her fragile heart. Suffering chest pains in upcoming scenes, she could be rushed to hospital where it's revealed she needs urgent medical care to stop her from dying. Unfortunately, every treatment could prove to be futile as the stress of Max's situation continues to play haywire with her. Ultimately, this could lead to her death as the medical professionals state there is nothing more they can do for her. After years of being the matriarch to one of the soap's most iconic families, could it really be final curtains for Gail? The actor who plays Max, Paddy, has recently spoken out on his character's latest storyline and the impact it will have on those around him. Paddy explained: "Max has been desperate for a fresh start – desperate to do things over again because he's made lots of mistakes that he's really not proud of." But will he have yet more guilt on his conscience when David tells him Gail had died as a result of another heart attack? Although he wasn't directly to blame for her death, his stepfather would know his stepson's behaviour would have had something to do with it. David would hold his hands up and state he had given his mother hell when he was a teenager but he hoped to instil better practices in Max. With his stepson's behaviour out of control and leading to more and more people getting hurt, will a grief-stricken David take extreme action to teach Max a lesson? Addressing how the soap has tackled issues such as spiking, consent and respecting women with Max, Paddy told Digital Spy: "These issues are so incredibly prevalent, and I think we're seeing more and more people coming forward with their stories about being spiked, consent and sexual assault. There are so many survivors coming forward with their stories. "I'm hopeful that with what we've got coming up, and what we've seen already, more people will come forward and be encouraged to find someone that they can trust and talk to about these issues." Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.