At least 50 civilians were killed and nearly 100 wounded in a Russian missile strike on the crowded train station in the city of Kramatorsk, where thousands of people were waiting to evacuate to safer areas of the country, according to regional governor Pavlo Kyrylenko. At least four children were killed in the attack, local authorities have said.   The station has been a crucial hub for evacuating civilians from the Donbas region since Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24. At the time of the attack, it had been packed with mainly women, children and older people waiting to leave the area in search of safety. A missile shell was found near the scene soon after the attack. Images and video allegedly taken in the aftermath of the strike appear to show the words “for the children” written on the side of the shell, which crashed near the station. The writing has been interpreted as both “for our children” and “for the children”, as well as the direct translation from Russian as “for children”. The message, which is thought to be written by the Russian servicemen who fired the missile, has been interpreted as a message that the missiles were revenge for children killed by Ukrainian forces. The images of the missile have not been independently verified. Russian propaganda narratives have accused Ukraine of bombing children in the separatist Donetsk and Luhansk regions.  The Kremlin has sought to justify the war in Ukraine as a “liberation” of those regions and revenge for alleged attacks on civilians there. Russia has denied it was responsible for the strike. Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky said “thousands” of people had been queuing at the station waiting to be evacuated before the attack.  The majority of evacuees present were women, children and older people. Mr Zelensky said Russia was “evil with no limits” for the attack. Donetsk regional police said in a statement: “Russia hit the railway station in Kramatorsk today. "The rocket hit the temporary waiting room, where hundreds of people were waiting for the evacuation train. "This is another proof that Russia is brutally, barbarically killing the civilian Ukrainians, with one goal only – to kill."  READ MORE: War survivors describe being forced to sleep among dead  The strike is the latest of a series of attacks on railway infrastructure in Donbas in the past 24 hours in what has been seen as Russia’s attempt to stall evacuation efforts from the area. Ukrainian officials have urged civilians to evacuate the Donbas region in anticipation of a major Russian offensive in the east of the country. The police said first responders were continuing to work at the scene as the death toll continued to rise. A statement from the City Council said: “The Russians are deliberately trying to disrupt the evacuation of civilians.” Donetsk governor Pavlo Kyrylenko said Russian forces would have been aware that civilians were being evacuated from the Donetsk region to safer areas of Ukraine. Mr Kyrylenko said: "The rashists [Russian fascists] knew well where they were hitting and what they want: they want to take hostage as many peaceful people as possible, they want to destroy everything Ukrainian." The eastern city of Kramatorsk was one of the first places to be targeted by the Russian military when Vladimir Putin launched his invasion of Ukraine.  DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Boris to confront Scholz TODAY as Germany holds up tanks [LIVE]Russian brewers face crisis as imported hops cut [BREAKING]Ruble value 'much lower than Putin's Russia will admit' [LATEST]  It has been a crucial hub for evacuations efforts from the Donbas, which has seen some of the worst of the fighting since the conflict began. Tetiana Ihnatchenko, a spokesperson for the Donetsk regional administration, said that the Russian military would have known thousands of civilians were at the station when they launched the strike. She said: "[Evacuations] have been going on since February 26, and the Russians knew that thousands of people are there every day. "I believe that's what they were counting on." Officials have warned that the window was closing for civilians to flee the Donbas region as Russian troops reportedly regroup before doubling down on attacks in the east of the country. Following the strike on Kramatorsk, the Ukraine railway service said that evacuations from the eastern Donbas region would continue from nearby Sloviansk. The local government body vowed that "anyone who wants to leave the region will be able to do so." 