Erling Haaland is not ruling out a move to Real Madrid despite reports that the Borussia Dortmund starlet is close to joining Manchester City, as per claims in the Spanish media. Haaland is likely to leave Dortmund this summer and has interest from all of Europe’s top clubs. The 21-year-old’s record of 82 goals in 85 Dortmund appearances since his January 2020 arrival has made him the most wanted striker in Europe. A bargain £64million release clause becomes active in the summer but interested parties will likely need to pay excessively more when signing-on and agent fees come into consideration, not to mention the player's expected yearly salary. It has been reported in recent weeks that Premier League reigning champions Man City have climbed ahead of Real Madrid and Barcelona in the race to sign the Norwegian. Bayern Munich, who are infamous for taking stars from their Bundesliga rivals, publicly pulled out of the race earlier this week. City are believed to have held ‘secret’ meetings with Haaland, his agent Mino Raiola and father Alf-Inge, who played for the club during a 10-year spell in England. Pep Guardiola’s response when asked about Haaland this week was: “I will not answer your question.” JUST IN: Man Utd icon Gary Neville admits he was 'unprofessional' on Sky Sports Guardiola has played for most of the season without a striker having missed out on Harry Kane last summer. Signing Haaland for next term could be imperative if the club are to stay ahead of Liverpool, who rose to the summit of the top-flight on Tuesday with a 4-0 thumping of Manchester United. However, City’s rivals in the Haaland chase are not giving up. La Liga giants Madrid are still likely to make an offer for the player, who remains open to joining Los Blancos, according to the Spanish media. Wednesday’s edition of newspaper AS claims that the hotshot still sees a move to Real as an ‘opportunity that is difficult to waste’. The Spanish club are apparently aware of this stance. DON'T MISS...Man Utd icon Paul Scholes tells club to finish 8th in 'saddened' rantEriksen to show Brentford 'respect' as Tottenham keen on reunionArteta responds to Arsenal contract rebel Nketiah being 'upset' The report adds that the race to sign Haaland is not finalised, despite reports claiming he has all but agreed to join City. However, it has been widely speculated that Real are prioritising a pursuit of Paris Saint-Germain forward Kylian Mbappe. The Frenchman is out of contract at the end of the season and is yet to agree an extension with the Ligue 1 outfit. It means that he could become one of several high-profile free agents in July. Real striker Karim Benzema has also been in excellent form, recently dumping Chelsea out of the Champions League. Although the veteran is 35 in December, his performances could mean that the club does not try to sign Haaland this summer.