Millions of people are missing out on benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) like Universal Credit, Pension Credit and Personal Independence Payments (PIP). Furthermore, these state benefits are gateway benefits to freebies like a free bus pass, TV licence or even free money. Britons are struggling to make ends meet during the worst hit to spending power in 30 years as food and petrol prices rise and bills continue to soar. At the same time £15billion is lost in unclaimed DWP benefits every year, leading charities to urge people to conduct a benefits check. While it could mean additional money, it could also open the door to other freebies making a huge difference to someone’s monthly budget. For example, millions of Britons could be missing out on free travel because they don't know they qualify for financial help. READ MORE: PIP claim: Thousands missing out on DWP benefit of £627 a month It’s not just pensioners who could benefit from free or reduced travel, in total 10 groups of people could be missing out This includes people who are blind or partially sighted, anyone who is deaf or unable to speak and someone who can’t walk very far because of a disability, illness or injury. Jobseekers who are on Universal Credit may be entitled to half price bus and train travel to help them find work and new legislation means that under 18s can now travel for free if they live in Scotland. In Scotland and Wales, people can travel for free when they’re 60 and don’t have to wait until state pension age as they do in England. DON'T MISS:WASPI women receive update - 'further evidence' to be reviewed [UPDATE]Martin Lewis: A little-known way to pay for dentistry and opticians [ALERT]Rishi Sunak backlash grows – ‘I’m getting £2 extra pension' [WARNING]    If someone travels for free every day it could save them hundreds over the course of a year. Other things that people on a low income might be entitled to include reduced or free council tax bills, a free TV licence, free or cheap broadband and help towards energy bills. These freebies are usually available to people who qualify for Universal Credit, Pension Credit or PIP depending on how much they earn or how old they are. Universal Credit claimants are eligible for up to £1,200 in free cash from the Government if they put their savings into a Help to Save scheme. In addition, there’s a maternity grant worth £1,000 available to new mums, up to £300 in winter fuel payments and a Disabled Facilities Grant worth £30,000. Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis is urging everyone with a household income of £30,000 or less to do a benefits check. On Twitter, he said: "Do you have a total (family) income under £30,000? If so and you don't get any benefits, it is worth 10 minutes on our free benefits calculator...to see if you're missing out on entitlements. "I'm NOT saying all will be due, just it's worth the time to check." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea 30 things that Britons might qualify for include: People can search for a benefits calculator on Gov.uk.