Diabetes is a metabolic disease synonymous with increased blood sugar. A large population of world is affected by diabetes. Ignoring diabetes warning signs may lead to the development of diabetic complications, which may not be reversible. Even minor elevations in blood sugar can damage your kidneys, eyes, and nerves. If a person has diabetes, their pancreas either produces too little insulin or none at all. The insulin can't be used effectively. This allows blood glucose levels to rise while the rest of your cells are deprived of much-needed energy. This can lead to a wide variety of problems affecting nearly every major body system. READ MORE: New study finds walking may add 15 years to your life - Dr Ellie's top tips for walking According to Cano Health, eleven unusual signs of high blood sugar may include: DON'T MISSB12 deficiency: Three signs of 'damage' in your feet [ADVICE]Supplements: Four supplements linked to emergency visits [INSIGHT]Stroke: Signs you should ignore - warning [TIPS] Sugar is a magnet for bacteria and yeast. In diabetes, when the blood sugar levels remain high, a person will start to develop frequent urinary tract and yeast infections. This condition is most common in women. The infections may be recurrent and often fail to respond to treatment until the sugar levels have been managed. In a study published in Intech Open, urinary tract infections in those with diabetes was further analysed. The study found that patients with diabetes were more prone to get a urinary tract infection due to frequent urination and high blood sugar level. “The high sugar level gives favourable growth environment to the pathogens,” noted the study. It added: “Early diagnosis and proper medication are necessary for management of urinary tract infection in diabetic patients.” A person may have had regular bowel movements all of their life and, suddenly, they find that they have developed constipation. The reason is that high levels of glucose can damage the nerves in your intestine and lead to slowness in motility. “When diabetes damages the nerves going to your stomach and intestines, they may not be able to move food through normally,” said WebMD. The health site added: “This causes constipation, but you can also get alternating bouts of constipation and diarrhoea, especially at night.”