With so many of us spending hours on work calls, face to face with our own appearance, it appears that for some this has made us more aware and hypercritical of our appearance. Other sources blame the rise of glamorous images on social media; with the importance of the Instagram appeal affecting many in the younger generations. Natalie Elliott hosts The Natural Beauty Radio Show weekly on UK Health Radio, and is a clean beauty expert and the founder of award-winning beauty brand www.sakrid.com. Alongside the boom is an increasing concern for the lack of regulation over the standard of procedures, training of practitioners and ingredients used within treatments, with an alarming number of reports of ‘botched’ jobs that can have devastating and life-changing consequences. As it currently stands, people don’t need to hold any qualifications in order to carry out aesthetic procedures ranging from waxing and lash extensions to laser treatments and injecting filler. Botox is one of the only exceptions, requiring a prescription by a doctor or a nurse. This lack of regulations has meant that there is nothing stopping someone with no training from buying filler online and administering injectables. Since her appointment in 2021, Maria Caulfield, Minister for Patient Safety has encouraged monumental amendments to the current Health and Care Bill that are currently sitting with the House of Lords awaiting consideration. Speaking exclusively to the Express, Caulfield on the matter stated: “These are not small-scale concerns. For a vast majority of non-surgical treatments, there isn’t any regulation, either on the practitioner, or the premises itself.” The non-surgical cosmetic industry in the UK recently topped £3.6 billion, with the top three procedures being Botox injections, dermal filler treatments and laser hair removal. An increasing number of men are also seeking intervention, with a rise in male patients seeking lip plumping and facial contouring injections. Caulfield continues: “While a vast majority of people who use the industry have a positive experience, we are hearing some shocking stories from people who have either not had the outcome they were hoping for, but also more worryingly that they have had some really bad side effects. "And we’re talking about things like scarring, infections and maybe even some people who have had injections close to the eye for example, that have experienced sight problems afterwards.” Under new laws, people administering non-surgical cosmetic treatments will be required to have a licence. The Government is hoping this will protect against rogue “cosmetic cowboys” after Health Secretary Sajid Javid said “far too many people have been left emotionally and physically scarred” when things have gone wrong. This move comes following last year’s ban on those under 18s from receiving Botox and dermal lip-fillers for cosmetic purposes. The proposed amendment to the Health and Care Bill will bring powers in to licence the practitioners themselves: looking at skills, qualifications, and duty of care to patients. Along with licensing the premises: the level of cleanliness and adequate facilities are required to carry out the procedure effectively. The Bill could take some time to pass and so in the meantime, what can you do to ensure you are safe when choosing the procedure for you and more importantly, the practitioner? While the Government is making waves to help protect patients from potential harm, I urge anyone considering a cosmetic procedure to take the time to think about the impact on both their physical and mental health and ensure they are using a reputable, safe, and qualified practitioner. Do your research and read the reviews. Don’t live to regret it. There are a growing number of sources that provides education and critical information for consumers who are contemplating a procedure to allow them to make informed decisions and evaluate credible practitioners. Beauty Uncovered Live is a brand-new exhibition running from the 7th and 8th May 2022, at the Business Design Centre in Islington. The show has been designed to put a wealth of expertise under one roof. Over the 2 days, visitors can watch live procedures, and talk to field experts and brands from within the industry. Beauty Uncovered surveyed 2000 Brits, to find out what is the biggest barrier to having aesthetic treatment. Findings showed that 25 percent of people are worried about looking fake or being unhappy with the result. Interestingly, looking fake or being unhappy with the result was a barrier of more concern to the cost of treatment or even the fear of side effects/complications, judgement from other people and pain during/after treatment. Courtney Baldwin, Director of Beauty Uncovered Live, advises: “Do your research before deciding on a procedure. There are lots of places to find out more including, Real Self, Trust Pilot and Doctify – and there are lots of places where you can get real reviews from patients including registers like the BACN (British Association of Cosmetic Nurses). "Look at the registers, look at the reviews and just ensure that they are a medical professional.” It is about time we had legislation, the UK is the only developed country in the world that allows non-medics to administer Botox and fillers and, in my eyes, this is not right and is potentially dangerous and in some cases fatal. Also do consider the natural alternatives. There are plenty of Botox alternatives you can use to treat wrinkles – a range of different creams, serums, topical treatments, and natural and organic treatments on the market. Beauty Uncovered Live is offering Express readers a 2-4-1 deal on tickets purchased via their website, www.beautyuncovered.com using the exclusive code: natalie241