With petrol and diesel prices hitting record levels in March, drivers have been forced to pay for higher fuel costs. Some drivers are also facing massive additional costs after a law change which saw red diesel restricted for many uses. From April 1, rebated diesel, commonly known as red diesel, and a number of other fuels were restricted by the Government as a way to reduce emissions in various sectors. Any business that no longer qualifies under the new rules will be left with equipment that needs emptying and flushing through so that it’s compatible with regular “white” diesel. The fuel duty rate on red diesel was just 11.14p, compared to 57.95p per litre for regular diesel. This means many businesses which don’t qualify for the new costs will see an increase in costs of 46.81p per litre. READ MORE: New car tax changes today will leave drivers in 'sticky situations' Graham Hawkins, Director of UK Environmental Adjusting, warned that many businesses would have to take extra steps to protect themselves from the price rises. He told Express.co.uk: “To comply with new red diesel regulations, owners and operators might find that their oil storage tanks need to be improved, which could influence fraudulent activity around existing ‘damage’. “Any tank losses in the coming months should be investigated further to consider the age and condition of the equipment and challenge the legitimacy of the claim where appropriate. “Parts of South Wales have seen an increase in domestic heating oil thefts in recent weeks. These claims might also be liable to exaggeration, where the theft is reported to be from a full or nearly full tank, for example. DON'T MISSPetrol price checker: How to check the cheapest fuel near you [HELPFUL]Major fuel law changing today with huge restriction on red diesel [INSIGHT]Drivers brand EV owners 'plain stupid' for not having home charger [SHOCKING] “Proof of purchase and usage will require further scrutiny. “And as many individuals and companies begin to struggle financially, claimants might be tempted to pursue false claims as a result of increasing media exposure around oil thefts.” He added that one haulage firm had £24,000 of diesel stolen recently and, in the process, storage tanks were damaged. The perpetrators left diesel leaking on the premises — causing additional loss. After the change, any domestic or commercial property will need to comply with the changes set out in the reform of red diesel and other rebated fuels entitlement, which will reduce or remove the availability of cheaper red diesel for many. Graham Hawkins warned that the insurance industry should be prepared for a potential increase in fuel theft, fraud and environmental pollution claims. He continued, saying: “Customers should be vigilant over the coming months. “Added security and closed-circuit television (CCTV) may be needed to protect large quantities of oil in commercial settings. “Cars are best parked in well-lit areas, with the fuel cap positioned close to a wall or barrier of some kind. “While fuel theft from vehicles might be low in quantity, the damage caused in gaining access can be significant. “Domestic heating oil tanks should be well maintained and, if located out of sight of the main residence, regularly inspected for evidence of tampering.” Other fuels are also affected by the law change including rebated diesel, rebated Hydrotreated Vegetable Oil (HVO), rebated biodiesel and bioblend, kerosene taxed at the rebated diesel rate and fuel substitutes.