Mr Burnham claimed that the BBC had become very London-focused in their reports, insisting the move to Salford had been a good one. The Mayor of Manchester then went on to say the move had diversified the BBC. Mr Bunham then explained why the national media should be reflecting what's happening in Manchester. The Mayor of Manchester spoke with broadcast journalists Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster, who quizzed Mr Burnham on why GB News had become so popular in Manchester, as they claimed that's where their highest views were from. Ms Webster said: "You'll be aware Eamonn and I have been here all week, and I wanted to ask you what you think about GB News being here? "We've chosen Manchester as the first place we visited for a breakfast show outside of London because it's got our fasted growing audience. "Why do you think that is? Why do people in the North West like our channel?" Mr Holmes said: "People often feel like they don't have a voice you see." JUST IN: ‘Plans have failed’ Putin’s focus may now turn to Donbas, says retired air vice-marshal     Mr Burnham said: "Westminster is London centric but so is our media. "Because the country is London centric, the media is London centric. "Any you know, I was the Culture Secretary that dragged the BBC, and they did have to be dragged kicking and screaming to Salford. "I mean look at that, that I think has improved their diversity and the content that they put out. READ MORE: Ukraine can ‘absolutely win’ conflict as Putin ‘has achieved zero’, says Pentagon     Mr Burnham added: "I think it's great what you're doing, this is why I am here thank you for coming here, "And seeing what we're doing in the city, reporting things good and bad and challenging. "This place has got things happening here and the national media should be reflecting and reporting what's happening here. "So Yeah, I'd like to see more of it." DON’T MISS: Britain delays Russian whitefish sanctions as struggling chippies fear surge in pricesZelensky blasts Brussels as EU spends 35 times more on Russian energy than Ukraine weapons‘Dead in the water’ Rishi Sunak savaged by former Tory advisor over political ambitions 79-year-old Conservative peer Lord Grade Chair of the Media Regulator has critiqued the BBC for its licence fee, as the BBC were pushing for a bigger license settlement. "Let me just say straight away that my criticism of the licence fee was about the fact that at the time of the last settlement their news bulletins were full, quite rightly, of stories about increased use of food banks, hardship across the country, people having to choose whether to heat or to eat - to use the soundbite. "And there they were, another part of the BBC, asking for more money at the licence fee.  