The seizure is part of a €25billion asset snatch from Russian oligarchs by the EU. Chateau de la Croë is a large detached villa located in eight hectares of ground in Cap d'Antibes, a prestigious part of the French Riviera between Nice and Cannes. It was bought by the Duke of Windsor, the former King Edward VIII in 1938 with his wife, Wallis Simpson. The couple moved to France after being exiled from Great Britain. They were exiled after King Edward VIII announced he would marry Ms Simpson, a twice-divorced American citizen. The Duke and Duchess of Windsor used the chateau to entertain royalty and political elite, including Winston Churchill. The EU announced it would be imposing sanctions on Mr Abramovich on March 14 2022, in the fourth round of sanctions on Russia. The UK had imposed sanctions on the owner of Chelsea football club four days earlier on March 10, after ministers accused him of having "clear connections" to Putin's regime. Mr Abramovich was one of seven Russians, worth up to £15bn who had their assets frozen at the same time. The measures came in response to Putin's invasion of Ukraine. Earlier today, the UK Government announced it would be imposing 178 new sanctions on Russia, coordinated with the EU. READ MORE: Roman Abramovich lost sight for hours in poison attack They are focused on individuals who are seen to be propping up the Russian-backed breakaway regions of Ukraine. Among those targeted is the wife of Russia's Foreign Minister, Sergey Lavrov. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said the sanctions are aimed at people who "aid and abet Putin's war". DON'T MISS: Russian drone obliterated by ‘secret’ 1100mph British laser missiles [REPORT] 'Take them all f***ing out!' Leaked audio of Putin's 'war crimes' [REVEAL] 'Modern Napoleon!' Macron slammed for 'foolish' Putin 'appeasement' [REACTION] In a statement, she said: "In the wake of horrific rocket attacks on civilians in Eastern Ukraine, we are today sanctioning those who prop up the illegal breakaway regions and are complicit in atrocities against the Ukrainian people. "We will continue to target all those who aid and abet Putin’s war. "From tomorrow, we are banning the import of Russian iron and steel, as well as the export of quantum technologies and advanced materials that Putin sorely needs. "We will not rest in our mission to stop Putin’s war machine in its tracks." The UK Government has claimed that sanctions imposed by Western allies are sending Russia towards the "deepest recessions since the collapse of the Soviet Union". Their analysis reported that £275 billion worth of assets, equivalent to 60 percent of Russian foreign currency reserves, are currently frozen.