Across the UK, airports are suffering due to a sudden influx of flyers over the Easter break. This has been compounded by a surge in Covid cases which have left airports understaffed. Manchester Airport has fared particularly badly, according to some guests travelling through it. Ryanair passengers were reportedly left standing for an hour and a half after four flights scheduled to leave from the same gate at a similar time faced delays. This took place in Terminal 3 on Tuesday, April 12. Holidaymakers were reportedly left standing for an hour and a half. This was due to four flights that were scheduled to leave from the same gate at a similar time being delayed. Flyers were dismayed, with one man saying that he'd "never seen anything like it". READ MORE: Spain holidays change for UK tourists as requirements are updated Claims have been made that people were calling out for assistance saying they weren't feeling well, with people using assistance trolleys allegedly unable to get through. The passenger claimed that the departure gate had no ventilation and, despite Ryanair operating a mask only flight policy, passengers were left queueing in the waiting area with "zero" coronavirus precautions. But this is not the first instance of chaos at this particular airport. In recent weeks, travellers reported huge delays, problems with baggage, and long queues. One visitor to the airport, Jack Makin, even claimed that it was the "worst experience" he'd ever had at an airport - "and I've travelled quite a lot". Citing the alarmingly long queues as the reason, he stated that one child was sick from "dehydration and exhaustion". He continued to Manchester Evening News: "Kids were having to pee in the plastic bags that you'd usually put liquids in. It was horrific." Gino Deblas, who was flying to Naples in Italy, described scenes of pandemonium ahead of his Ryanair flight scheduled to leave at 5.45pm. He said: "That gate shares four departure doors. At the time there were four flights scheduled at around the same time as each other. "In the 30 plus years of flying, which is around 40 flights a year since 2005 for work, I haven't seen anything like it," he said. He highlighted a disparity between the airline's Covid policy and the way they handled the chaos. "Ryanair operate a mask only flight policy but they were happy to have people queue in a waiting area with zero Covid precautions." Holidaymakers are currently being advised to arrive at Manchester Airport three hours before their flight is scheduled to leave, and the airport has issued an apology for the disruption and stress it has caused those trying to enjoy their holidays. A spokesperson for Manchester Airport said: "We are aware of some departing flights from Terminal Three having been delayed yesterday, and that some passengers had a lengthy wait at the gate as a result. "The boarding process is the responsibility of the relevant airline, and we will work with the carrier concerned to understand how queues were managed in this instance and how this might be improved in future. "We are also committed to providing adequate ventilation in our buildings and carry out regular assessments to ensure they comply with Health and Safety Executive guidelines." Many have lost faith in the airport, with passengers taking to Twitter to voice their grievances. @FlyByOx stated: "I think that ManchesterAirp has the worst leadership in the world. The workers are nice but their leadership is abysmal. "Their CEO deserves the door not a multi-million dollar package." They concluded: "their security channel is chaos and it's not just lack of staff, it's process." Express.co.uk contacted Manchester Airport for comment and a spokesperson said: "We are aware of some departing flights from Terminal Three having been delayed yesterday, and that some passengers had a lengthy wait at the gate as a result. "The boarding process is the responsibility of the relevant airline, and we will work with the carrier concerned to understand how queues were managed in this instance and how this might be improved in future. "We are also committed to providing adequate ventilation in our buildings and carry out regular assessments to ensure they comply with Health and Safety Executive guidelines." Express.co.uk also contacted Ryanair for comment. 