The Moon restarts its cycle again today and as the second New Moon of the month, this is a rare astrological phenomenon. It will spark a solar eclipse, bringing with it momentary darkness, which is a good time for inward focus, contemplation, and intention setting. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for April 30 The New Moon will be transiting in the sign of Taurus, meaning today will be well spent focusing on areas this star sign rules over and influences, such as personal finances, values, ownership, feelings of worthiness, and security. Cafe Astrology said: “It’s about strengthening our sense of security, re-evaluating our relationship with money and possessions, and discovering what truly makes us happy and fulfilled. “It’ll be a time to consider new ways of increasing our income or earning power. “Circumstances challenge us to get in touch with what we value and want in our lives" and perhaps part with those things or situations that aren’t positively contributing."  READ MORE: What to expect from Saturday’s Taurus New Moon solar eclipse  The New Moon and solar eclipse will take place at approximately 7.45pm BST and will prompt new beginnings in the areas mentioned. Cafe Astrology said: “Its Venus aligns with Jupiter shortly after the eclipse, and with this proximity, this influence takes on more power." The two planets will appear to touch each other in the sky, despite being positioned millions of miles apart. Astrology King said: “A Venus conjunct Jupiter transit portends love and money, harmony, and happiness.  “You do not have to strive, struggle, or work hard. This is a time to enjoy the benefits of the good karma accrued from your previous good deeds and hard work.” Forgiveness and trust are common themes during a Venus-Jupiter conjunction. You might more readily give others the benefit of the doubt, and you might feel more cooperative than usual. However, these transits also have a tendency to elevate expectations. Cafe Astrology said: “We can be indulgent or tempted to overspend or overstate our feelings. “Our love of learning, exploring, and sharing are in the spotlight, and our appetite for love and pleasure is especially strong.”  DON'T MISS: Black Moon full guide: Key timings and how to watch in the UK [INSIGHT]When is the Eid al-Fitr 2022 moon sighting - key date explained [EXPLAINED]One in five people could develop skin cancer - signs to spot [ANALYSIS]    Take today to spend some extra time concentrating on what you can do to increase your feelings of self-worth. Focus on the things you value and identify the things that no longer contribute to your feelings of worthiness. Use the potent Taurus energy to incorporate its constructive qualities into these areas; these include its tendency to be strong-willed, consistent, enduring, and patient. Cafe Astrology said: “Taurus New Moons are generally good for getting back in touch with simple and physical pleasures, and enjoying activities that bring us in touch with nature and with our bodies.  “It’s time to 'stop and smell the roses' and to become more aware of what makes us feel comfortable and secure.” A solar eclipse can stimulate a strong desire to take action, however, avoid jumping to conclusions and asserting yourself without considering others’ feelings and reactions. Cafe Astrology said: “There is a big difference between asserting ourselves from a place of healthy confidence and asserting ourselves brashly and blindly, the latter giving us a false sense of confidence or bravery." The potent Taurus energy provides the opportunity to make important changes that will benefit you well beyond this Moon cycle - invest in this opportunity. 