Dillian Whyte faces Tyson Fury in a huge heavyweight showdown at Wembley Stadium tonight. The Gypsy King weighed in at 264.8lbs, almost a stone lighter than his last fight, while the Body Snatcher weighed in at 253.25lbs, half a stone heavier than his last fight. Fury, the WBC heavyweight champion, is the overwhelming favourite going into the bout. Fury, 33, is defending the belt he won in February 2020 for the second time, after knocking out Deontay Wilder in October last year. The fight had originally been scheduled for July, but was pushed back after Fury caught Covid-19, prompting a furious reaction from Whyte. Speaking to The Sun last year, Whyte said: “Tyson Fury is a w***er and a disgrace to British boxing if he has caught Covid-19 and gone around Las Vegas mixing with fans after cancelling the Deontay Wilder fight. “He talks s*** because when you have Covid-19 you are sick and you have to quarantine and instead he is walking around smiling, mixing and taking photos with people.” READ MORE: Inside 'frightening' Tyson Fury training camp for Dillian Whyte Whyte accused the Gypsy King of having ulterior motives for pulling out, claiming the lack of interest in the fight was behind Fury’s withdrawal. He said: “Fury knew that this fight was dying on its a*** and pulled out. “They couldn’t give a ticket away as Brits were not travelling and none of the TV companies were bothered about another 5am fight against a bloke he has already beaten.” He added: “Tyson Fury has f***ed the entire heavyweight boxing scene all around the world and the whole sport is struggling because of it. “When the heavyweights are buzzing the whole sport thrives and when it’s rubbish the whole sport suffers. “Losing the AJ vs Fury fight has f***ed boxing because casual fans just see big fights not happening and people at the top lying to them or fighting bums instead.” Fight fans across the world were dealt a huge blow after a Best of British showdown between Fury and Anthony Joshua failed to come to fruition. Fury instead fought Wilder after the Bronze Bomber won a court ruling for a third fight. DON'T MISS:Dillian Whyte forbids Anthony Joshua from going to Tyson Fury clash [NEW]Boxing legend Mike Tyson 'repeatedly punches passenger' in plane scrap [VIDEO]What happened in brutal sparring sessions between Tyson Fury and Whyte [INSIGHT] Whyte, meanwhile, had spent more than 1,000 days as Fury’s WBC mandatory challenger by this point. By the time he steps into the ring on Saturday evening, Whyte will have been mandatory challenger for a staggering 1,638 days. Whyte continued in his scathing rant, calling Fury a “nasty piece of work” and said he was a master of “conning the public”. He said: “Boxing is a joke right now, every other sport is getting attention, and it’s because [Fury] has now f***ed two or three of the biggest fights around.” Despite the Body Snatcher’s previous attacks on his heavyweight rival, the pair were entirely respectful as they came face-to-face at the weigh-in. Fury, in typical top form, roared to the crowd: “You guys are f****** unbelievable! “Come on UK! I'm so happy to be back here fighting at Wembley Stadium and you people made it happen - you all made it happen. “Big shout out and respect to Dillian Whyte and his team, they're proper professional men and we're going to give you a real fight! “Don't doubt us, we're going to give you a real fight, a real war.” The heavyweights enjoyed a pleasant exchange at Friday’s weigh-in, even swapping hats, with Fury’s height advantage clearer than ever. Addressing the height difference and Fury weighing in lighter, Whyte said: “Some fights are different. “Fighting a bigger guy, a much heavier guy than me. We're ready to go to war, trust me. I'm not worried about what he's doing.” The Fury vs Whyte undercard is due to begin at 6pm tonight, with ring walks for the main event expected shortly after 10pm.