Some of the biggest health risks are directly linked to factors including unchecked blood sugar and cholesterol levels which can cause more than just weight gain. Studies have found that these conditions left untreated can cause life expectancy to fall by up to six years. What you eat will determine how these levels rise and fall with one breakfast helping to lower the risk of all-cause death by a staggering 20 percent. Some prefer tea with jam on toast, while others can't go past a bacon buttie. And of course, it's easy to argue nothing beats a real English breakfast. But a healthy breakfast option may be more crucial for good health than you realise. In fact, scientists believe starting your day with the right meal can add years to your life.  For answers pertaining to longevity, one would be remiss not to consider the morning habits of people from Blue Zones who would seem to be the experts. Residents from these countries consistently live to see their 100th birthdays. Countries from the Blue Zones include Greece, Italy, Japan and Costa Rica to name a few. Unsurprisingly, a healthy diet is an important part of becoming a centenarian there particularly in the morning. DON'T MISSHow to live longer: The timing of your evening meal matters [ADVICE]Diabetes warning: Three fruits you can 'overdo' [TIPS]Dementia symptoms: Early warning signs to spot [INSIGHT] Dan Buettner, the author and explorer who pioneered research on longevity hotspots, says that sticking to nutritious eating plans, like a plant-based diet or the Mediterranean diet, can help fuel a long, healthy life. A part of this includes the most important meal of the day: eating breakfast. Consuming oats on a regular basis has been shown to significantly help with numerous health concerns connected to decreased life expectancy. These factors include high cholesterol, weight gain, and even auto-immune disease and heart disease. Consuming oatmeal has been shown to help with these health concerns making it the perfect breakfast food for longer life. According to a Harvard University study, a bowl of porridge in the morning is the way to go for a lengthened lifespan. Researchers drew the conclusion following the biggest-ever study into the benefits of whole grains, which revealed eating 48 grams a day, the equivalent of a large bowl of porridge, lowers the risk of all-cause death by a staggering 20 per cent. It was also found to cut chances of dying by cancer by 14 percent and reduce the risk of death from heart disease by a quarter (25 percent). Scientists believe whole grains contribute to lowered cholesterol and regulated blood sugar. And for type 2 diabetics, those who keep their blood sugar, blood pressure and cholesterol levels under control can extend their life expectancy by as long as 10 years, a study published in JAMA Network Open found. Researchers also found that by lowering blood sugar to simply 7.7 percent from 9.9 percent, it added an average of three and a half extra years for their life expectancy. Meanwhile, controlling body weight increased life expectancy in people with the disease by up to four years, the researchers said. Conversely, left unchecked, type 2 diabetes and related problems such as elevated cholesterol and blood pressure can cause life expectancy to fall by up to six years.