Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are currently in The Hague, in The Netherlands, for the 2022 Invictus Games. The Duke of Sussex sat down for an interview about the event, before giving a rare update on his reunion with his grandmother the Queen after being questioned about his flying visit to Windsor Castle by host Alex Jones. He told BBC viewers the monarch "love" to attend the sporting event "if she could". The Duke spoke to hosts Alex and ahead of the races kicking off on Monday evening. Alex asked Prince Harry: "Now on the way here you popped in to see Her Majesty The Queen, did she have many nice messages for Team UK?" He replied: "She had plenty of messages for Team UK which I've already passed on to most of them. "So, it was great to see her and I'm sure she would love to be here if she could." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton in double affair drama Alex's questions come in the wake of the Sussexes visiting the Queen as well as Prince Charles last Thursday before the Invictus Games opening ceremony. It is the first time the pair have been in Britain together since quitting their roles as senior royals in March 2020. Harry and Meghan now reside in California with their young son Archie and 10-month old daughter Lilibet. Lilibet was named after her great-grandmother the Queen, but the monarch has not yet met the baby. Harry, who missed Prince Philip’s Westminster Abbey memorial service on March 29, had promised ­he would see the Queen “as soon as possible”.  During the rest of the BBC interview, JJ said: "Obviously your wife is here, the Duchess of Sussex I should say, how is she enjoying it so far as she is very much part of this family now isn't she?" But the Duke pointed the question towards Team UK's Gillian Charlton who told viewers Meghan "comes across as incredibly genuine". Harry added: "The three of us met in a tent in typical British fashion on a cold morning under a marquee tent, we had tea and coffee with the UK team." DON'T MISS...Meghan admits she and Harry 'couldn't decide' on Archie's first name [LATEST]Piers Morgan warns Bill Maher not to brand Queen 'the old bag' [OPINION]Piers Morgan explains exactly how he and Meghan Markle became friends [INSIGHT] "That's what dreams are made of," Harry added while smiling at the hosts. He continued: "I know my wife had a special moment with [Gillian] and [former soldier] Sarah Robinson." Gillian explained: "Me and Sarah are both breast cancer survivors and I was talking to you about it and the power of moving forward and then we were speaking to your lovely wife about the after-effects of cancer, especially breast cancer, and the hormonal impact it has on the body." "We had a lovely hug," she said of the Duchess. 