Appearing on Dan Wootton’s GB News show, Jobson claimed Prince Charles gave conditions for his meeting with Prince Harry and the Queen in Windsor last week. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex had a secret meeting with the Queen with Charles and Camilla also in attendance after they took Her Majesty’s place at the Maundy Service. A week later, Jobson told Wootton the Prince of Wales only agreed to see his son if “nothing was said about him on American TV”. Jobson explained: “I think the meeting with the Prince of Wales was a three line whip. "Charles was not particularly happy about doing it and he only agreed to do the meeting if nothing was said about him whatsoever on American TV." He went on to add: “Prince Charles has reached the end of his tether, they haven't been in contact and had they have started blurting about that meeting, that would have been the end of it. “He turned up late for that meeting. READ MORE: Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’ "All families have problems, but you don't go blurting off to your next door neighbour as soon as you've had a meeting. "Prince Charles thought if these conversations are out in public then I'm not putting up with it and he's drinking at the last chance saloon." Earlier this week, Harry did in fact go on US show Today to discuss his meeting with the Queen. The Duke of Sussex insisted it was “great” to see his grandmother adding she was “on great form”. However, he referenced his ongoing argument over security for his family in the UK as he stated he is still unsure whether they will join the Queen’s Jubilee celebrations. Harry said there are “security issues and everything else” to consider before making the trip. He then sparked uproar when he claimed his trip to see the monarch was to “make sure that she’s protected and got the right people around her”. On Wednesday, GB News host Eamonn Holmes claimed Harry should not be given a place on the Buckingham Palace balcony for the jubilee after his “protection” comment. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry blasted by royal staff over Queen comments  [LATEST]Prince Harry savaged as ‘out of touch’ during NBC interview [INSIGHT]Prince Harry snubs royals, refusing to say if he missed his father [VIDEO] He fumed: “Yes, gotta be photographed, gotta be on that balcony [for the Queen’s Jubilee]. “He’s bringing a book out where he’s slagging off Camilla [Parker-Bowles] and maybe William and his father. “How on earth - why wouldn’t they throw him over the balcony and her [Meghan Markle] with him?” This Morning host Phillip Schofield also weighed in on the argument and stated Harry knew he could not have made a “throwaway” comment without it being picked apart. Schofield raged: “Even though he thinks he has backed away from that lifestyle and said how much it affected his mental health, he still knows how it works. “He still knows that you can't, as him, have a throw-away line like that! "It will be analysed, it will be looked at and we don't know what the conversation was.” Dan Wootton airs on GB News from 9pm on Monday-Thursday.