So far, a total of more than 50 fines have been handed for Covid law-breaking within Government properties. A Number 10 spokesman said: “The Met Police have now explained that the FPN issued to the PM will be in relation to the following incident: “On 19th June 2020 at the Cabinet Room 10 Downing Street between 1400 and 1500 you participated in a gathering of two or more people indoors in the Cabinet Room at 10 Downing Street.” The Met Police is yet to issue a statement on the fines of Britain's two top politicians. The pair are now the first-ever Prime Minister and Chancellor to be charged with an offence while in office.  The fines also beg the question of whether the Prime Minister, in particular, will resign given that he told parliament that no rules were broken. Sir Keir Starmer said shortly after the news broke: "Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak have broken the law and repeatedly lied to the British public. "They must both resign. The Conservatives are totally unfit to govern. Britain deserves better." The 12 events investigated by the police took place over eight separate dates and include a "bring your own booze" event in the Downing Street garden on May 20, 2020, organised by Mr Johnson's private secretary Martin Reynolds. DON'T MISSKeir Starmer skewered for Carrie partygate call [REPORT]Most popular politicians: Keir Starmer most popular in UK - top 10 [ANALYSIS]Boris Johnson FINED for lockdown parties - Will he resign? [INSIGHT] Another was a surprise birthday gathering for Mr Johnson in the cabinet room in June 2020, attended by the chancellor. However, which events they have been fined for has not been made public by Number 10. On December 8, 2021, Mr Johnson told the House of Commons: "May I begin by saying that I understand and share the anger up and down the country at seeing Number 10 staff seeming to make light of lockdown measures? "I can understand how infuriating it must be to think that the people who have been setting the rules have not been following the rules, because I was also furious to see that clip.  "I apologise unreservedly for the offence that it has caused up and down the country, and I apologise for the impression that it gives. "I repeat that I have been repeatedly assured since these allegations emerged that there was no party and that no covid rules were broken." At this early stage, it is unclear whether a vote of no confidence will be triggered by Tory MPs if the Prime Minister does not resign.