This week marks the nine-year anniversary of the death of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. The ex-Conservative leader was the longest-serving British prime minister of the Twentieth Century and first female occupant of 10 Downing Street. Mrs Thatcher was elected a record three times from 1979 to 1990, presiding over a turbulent period in British history. Her 11-and-a-half years in office saw the miners’ strike, the Falklands War, and the Troubles in Northern Ireland. On the world stage, she also confronted the threat of communism from the Soviet Union. Together, she and US President Ronald Reagan became the face of the West during a period of renewed Cold War tensions with the Soviets, as the world braced for nuclear Armageddon. During this time, Mrs Thatcher was dubbed the “Iron Lady”, a nickname that stuck with her until her death. The Tory leader wore the moniker as a badge of pride despite the term coming from a Soviet newspaper, according to Sir Malcolm Rifkind. The politician, who served in Mrs Thatcher’s Cabinet, appeared in the BBC Two documentary, ‘Thatcher & Reagan: A Very Special Relationship’. JUST IN: Police launch urgent hunt after woman seen ‘assaulting baby' near busy train station In Episode one of the two-parter, he tells former newspaper editor Charles Moore, Mrs Thatcher’s authorised biographer, about her nickname. He said: “Even as leader of the opposition, the term ‘Iron Lady’ had become identified with her. “It is well known that was not her term. It was one actually first appearing in a Soviet military newspaper in response to some pretty hardline speeches she had been making. “She, with brilliant perception realised, that far from being an insult, this was an enormous badge of her identity and she used it ever since.” The newspaper in question was Soviet propaganda outlet Krasnaya Zvezda, which translates from Russian as Red Star. The publication published an article in response to Mrs Thatcher’s speech accusing Moscow of trying to take over the world. The original headline was “Zheleznaya Dama Ugrozhayet”, which was translated as “Iron Lady Wields Threats.” The article, written by young soldier Yuri Gavrilov, came to light after Robert Evans, who was then the Reuters bureau chief in Moscow, picked up a copy as he walked through the Russian capital’s downtown. In a 2013 Reuters article, Mr Evans discussed how he was the first in the West to attach the term “Iron Lady” to Mrs Thatcher. He wrote: “It was largely for lack of any other news that I launched Margaret Thatcher’s favourite soubriquet ‘The Iron Lady’ on the world one quiet but miserably slushy Moscow winter Saturday in January 1976.” DON'T MISS:Family who won £33m face almost 50 objections from neighbours for Hollywood mega mansion [LATEST]Putin fears civillian uprising as leader turns Russia into 'information bubble' [INSIGHT]Nicola Sturgeon's independence on shaky path as debate must identify Russian actors — MP [ANALYSIS] He added: “As an exiled Briton running Reuters’ Moscow bureau, I had never heard the term applied to her and decided – in the absence of other news – that it was worth a story of my own.” The journalist’s headline read: “British Tory leader Margaret Thatcher was today dubbed ‘the Iron Lady’ by the Soviet Defence Ministry newspaper Red Star.” It was picked up by the British press and a week later, Mrs Thatcher herself referenced it during a dinner of her constituency party association. To laughs, she told the audience: “I stand before you tonight in my Red Star evening gown, my face softly made up and my fair hair gently waved, the Iron Lady of the Western world.” She added: “Yes, I am an Iron Lady. After all, it wasn’t a bad thing to be an Iron Duke,” in reference to the Duke of Wellington who defeated Napoleon at Waterloo. ‘Thatcher & Reagan: A Very Special Relationship’ is available on BBC iPlayer.