Jean (played by Gillian Wright) has been acting strangely recently, and her daughter Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) has been trying to convince her mother's partner Harvey Monroe (Ross Boatman) that something is wrong, but the pair have been in denial. In upcoming EastEnders episodes, Jean and Harvey split up, but in a swift change of heart, Jean proposes to him. As she is finally convinced to make a doctor's appointment, could Jean be informed she is facing a bipolar relapse? If so, she might remain in denial and could flee Walford, putting herself in danger. Offical spoilers from the BBC soap confirm Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) and Martin Fowler (James Bye) are shocked to see a dishevelled Jean tumbling out of a limo after a night out. Martin takes her back to Sharon Watts' (Letitia Dean) and she talks about her night out with a stag do as she rummages through Linda Carter's (Kellie Bright) suitcase, admiring her clothes. Later, Stacey arrives to tell her mother she has an appointment booked on Friday. Furious and in denial, Jean storms off away from Stacey, not wanting to listen. Her daughter is determined to get her mum the help she needs though and doesn't give up. READ MORE: Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits Meanwhile, Harvey is sulking after his recent breakup with Jean, but he is soon distracted when Aaron Monroe's (Charlie Wernham) criminal friend Neil Hughes (Thomas Coombes) gets in his taxi and aggressively makes a threat he can’t ignore. He's in the middle of threatening Harvey when an oblivious Jean turns up wanting to clear the air with her ex. A shaken Harvey tells her he doesn't want to get back together though, insisting their relationship is over. Outside, Jean notices the groom from the stag do getting married and he lets her catch the bouquet, awkwardly trying to get rid of her. A delighted Jean is given extra confidence and she surprises Harvey with a proposal.  The next day, Harvey is still on edge about the encounter with Neil and an incident on the Square. His daughter Dana Monroe (Barbara Smith) soon picks up on his strange behaviour. At the flat, Rocky Cant (Brian Conley) questions Dana about what she is hiding. Later, Jean excitedly tells Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) she’s proposed to Harvey, but he’s still thinking about his answer. Shirley talks to Harvey and asks him what he’s waiting for - is he also concerned about Jean? DON'T MISS... Ranvir brutally mocks Prince Andrew 'Who would touch him?' [VIDEO]Richard Madeley baffles Good Morning Britain viewers 'Nonsense' [REACTION]June Brown dead: Why BBC icon quit EastEnders after 35 years [LATEST] After talking to Dana, Stacey does her best to convince Harvey to get Jean to the doctor the next day. He eventually convinces her, arguing it will get Stacey off her back. Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) and Martin reminisce on the anniversary of Kush Kazemi's (Davood Ghadami) death but Stacey is focused on Jean’s appointment. At the appointment, Jean insists she’s fine, but what will the doctor reveal? It's possible she might confirm Stacey's fears and inform Jean that she is experiencing a mental health relapse. With Jean not thinking straight, she might remain in denial and feel the need to escape. Perhaps she will decide to get away from everyone and leave Walford alone. With Jean in a vulnerable condition, she might be putting herself in extreme danger. Her condition often causes her to act recklessly and not acknowledge risks, so she could easily put herself into a situation that may cause her trouble. Stacey has been trying to get Jean to visit a doctor for weeks, but Harvey kept telling her she was overreacting. If Jean does go missing, her family is likely to be furious with Harvey for encouraging her recklessness. Will Jean end up hospitalised if she leaves by herself and stumbles into trouble? She has been in this situation before and has luckily always made a recovery once she accepts medical help. Her health relapse might also continue to affect her relationship with Harvey, will the couple be able to work through what has happened? Harvey may decide it is too much for him to cope with on top of Aaron's issues and threats from Neil. EastEnders continues on Tuesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.