The city’s mayor Vadym Boychenko accused the Kremlin’s killers of scrambling to hide their war crimes after mass graves were found near Kyiv in areas previously occupied by Russia’s army. He warned Russian assaults on the city had turned it “into a death camp” and thousands of civilians are still trapped in cellars, living without food, medical supplies or drinking water. Exhausted and traumatised, the first few survivors who managed to escape from the besieged city to Zaporizhzhia, told how there are bodies “all over the streets”, adding that people are being buried in shallow graves. Mariupol City Council said Russian troops are using a mobile crematorium to destroy the bodies of people they have murdered. Eight buses were escorted by the International Committee of the Red Cross to Zaporizhzhia in the first official convoy to make it through Russian lines since rescuers were held by police on Monday. Around 1,000 people escaped yesterday in a convoy and the International Committee of the Red Cross said rescue teams were relieved to help them “leave hell”. Mother and daughter Tetiana and Yulia arrived to relative safety in their own vehicle shortly before the convoy. They said they had to survive by drinking dirty water from a well in Mariupol. “There are starving people,” says Yulia. “People are having mental breakdowns.” “People are being buried in the streets. Shallow graves, half a metre deep at best. there are dead bodies all over the streets.” Young girls are cutting their hair short to avoid being raped by Russian troops. Deputy mayor of Ivankiv Maryna Beschastna broke down in tears as she told of atrocities committed in the town before Russian troops left. She said: “There was a case in one village, two sister were raped… girls of 15 and 16… children. “Women were pulled by their hair out of their basements, so that they could abuse them. “Girls started cutting their hair short to be less attractive, so no one looks at them anymore.” Mayor Vadym Boychenko said the bombardment of Mariupol has turned the area “into a death camp”. He said comminication links have been destroyed and food and water supplies are unable to get in. “The scale of the tragedy in Mariupol the world has not seen since the times of Nazi concentration camps. The racists turned our whole city into a death camp” Mariupol’s city council has said that the Russian army is using mobile crematoriums to burn the bodies of murdered civilians and destroy evidence of war crimes committed in the besieged port city. In a statement on Telegram, Mariupol City Council said: “After the widespread international genocide in Bucha, Russia’s top leadership ordered the destruction of any evidence of crimes committed by its army in Mariupol. “They collect and burn the bodies of Mariupol residents murdered and killed as a result of the Russian invasion. “In addition, all potential witnesses to the occupiers’ atrocities are being identified through filtration camps and destroyed. “Unfortunately, the eerie analogy is gaining more and more confirmation. This is no longer Chechnya or Aleppo. This is the new Auschwitz” More than 400 people are missing from the former Russian-occupied town of Hostomel, near Kyiv. Lyudmyla Denisova, Ukraine’s human rights ombudswoman said: “More than 400 people have gone missing in 35 days of occupation in Hostomel. “Witnesses say some were killed, but their whereabouts are still unknown.” Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: "I’m afraid when you look at what’s happening in Bucha, the revelations that we are seeing from what Putin has done in Ukraine doesn’t look far short of genocide to me. "It is no wonder people are responding in the way that they are. "I have no doubt that the international community, Britain very much in the front rank, will be moving again in lockstep to impose more sanctions and more penalties on Vladimir Putin’s regime. Western officials have said they fear Russian atrocities against Ukrainian civilians as they may be widespread. The Ukrainian authorities have said that more than 400 bodies of civilians have been discovered in towns round Kyiv which have been captured from the Russians. One Western official said the comments in the Russian media calling for the “de-nazification” of Ukraine and comparing the country to the Third Reich had created a “toxic information environment”. “This is a phenomenon which we believe to be widespread,” the official said. “That sort of environment and climate, I’m afraid, absolutely contributes to this sort of thing. “When you combine that with a force which is failing and failing badly in an operation for which it was perhaps psychologically underprepared, it just a toxic mix. “The responsibility for this lies with the perpetrators of the acts but it also lies with the Russian leadership. Not only did they order the invasion, they set the tone and the context for this operation as well.”