Now that the energy price cap has risen by 54 percent, it has left households across the UK frantically searching for clever ways to spend less and save more on their energy bills. Sam Jump, Product Manager at Wunda Group, British heating experts, have shared that homeowners can cut their energy bills by over a third if they control their heating “room by room” using the “zoning” method. He has explained that it is time for the Britons to invest in a smart heating system. Sam said: “The time has now come to invest in a smart heating system as it could mean the difference of hundreds of pounds a year. “Spring and summer will provide a short relief before the rising cost of energy bills is back on the agenda as autumn arrives. “Almost every home in the UK could benefit from a smart heating system.” The heating expert explained how homeowners can avoid wasting energy and save money on energy bills. READ MORE: Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less He said: “Controlling your heating room by room saves you money and energy. “This method, called zoning, has been shown in studies to provide energy savings of up to 37 percent. “Unless you are manually adjusting radiator heads in each and every room in your house every day to suit your needs, you will inevitably waste energy and money.” For those who have a smart heating system, this method becomes so much easier to implement. DON'T MISS: Mould: Mrs Hinch shares ‘easy’ method for removing mould from walls [TIPS]Laundry: How to fix ‘stiff’ and ‘crunchy’ towels [EXPERT]Houseplants: How to use cat litter to help your plants ‘thrive’ [COMMENT] Sam noted that thermostats should be added to every room of the house. He said: “The difference of a degree in your home could equate to several hundred pounds over the course of a few years when the impending rises come into effect. “Most UK homes are still operating on one single thermostat for the entire home. “This is an antiquated system that has been used for decades. “By introducing thermostats into every room, you can significantly optimise energy use.” For those who do not have a smart heating system, they can opt for a thermostat with a timer. Jordan Chance, a heating expert from PlumbNation, said: “Using a thermostat with a timer offers a simple and speedy solution to controlling your heating effectively. “With energy bills rising there are a few things you can do to help keep your home warm, and save money on your energy bills.” This includes upgrading regular thermostats, which can degrade over time. Jordan continued: “Such degradation can lead to delays in your boiler switching on, or your home being heated at much higher temperatures than required. “Upgrading your thermostat could provide for greater accuracy in thermostat to boiler communication, preventing energy from being wasted, and saving you money.” For those wanting to keep their heating on throughout spring, turning down the thermostat by just one degree can make all the difference. In fact, according to the expert, it can help to save up to 10 percent on a heating bill.