Arsenal need another big summer transfer window if they want to compete for silverware and Champions League qualification next season. The Gunners spent around £150million on six new signings last summer but Mikel Arteta must bring in six further players to continue his squad revamp. Every player to have joined before this season has had a positive start to life at the Emirates. Aaron Ramsdale has proven many people wrong since his arrival from Sheffield United. Martin Odegaard has looked a bargain at £35m and Ben White has got back into the England squad following his £50m move. Takehiro Tomiyasu excelled before his injury and Albert Sambi Lokonga looks a promising player for the future. Nuno Tavares has struggled after a positive start but on the whole, Arteta and Edu have spent wisely. But after failing to land their targets in January, this summer is arguably as important as the last. READ MORE: Antonio Conte using same Romelu Lukaku trick on Dejan Kulusevski with two things banned  Arsenal need two strikers in the close season. With Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah out of contract, Folarin Balogun will be the only recognised centre-forward on the books. Lacazette's recent performances are not worthy of a new contract and Nketiah has hardly been given the opportunity that he craves so much. Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Alexander Isak, Darwin Nunez and Luka Jovic are among those to be linked with a move to the Emirates. Signing one striker would not be enough. William Saliba is set to return from his loan spell at Marseille in the summer. But he is not keen to sit on the bench and is open to a longer-term stay with the Ligue 1 club. Rob Holding may not be happy with his role either, so adding another option at centre-back is necessary. European football in some capacity will enhance the need of strengthening in that department. DON'T MISSChelsea's expected XI to launch heroic Real Madrid comeback with Timo Werner snubbed [TEAM NEWS]Arsenal chief Edu left with egg on his face after double Kulusevski mistake [OPINION]Dele Alli struggles blamed on Everton as Neil Warnock makes wild transfer claim [QUOTES]  Tomiyasu's injury problems will be a concern for Arteta. The Japan star has not featured since January due to ongoing calf issues. Cedric Soares has filled in admirably at times in his absence but made two key errors in the loss to Liverpool last month. Signing a right-back is a necessity this summer. A left-back should also be on the agenda. Arteta clearly does not trust Tavares yet and Kieran Tierney's injury record means he cannot be relied on. Finally, with Granit Xhaka again linked with a move away, signing a central midfielder will be key for Arteta. Sky Sports report Ruben Neves is a top target, though Manchester United are also keen on the Wolves star.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here