With summer just around the corner, so the quest for a healthier and more toned body increases. Supplements have been used for a variety of health issues and could be the added bonus you need to help with weight loss. Fibre supplements are thought to aid appetite control by slowing down stomach emptying and reducing appetite. Fibres that form viscous compounds can help control appetite and aid weight loss. Soluble fibre is a type of fibre that blends with water in the gut, forming a gel-like substance. A 2011 study from the British Journal of Nutrition found that fibre supplements, particularly in combination with a healthful diet, promoted weight loss, a decrease in BMI, and a decrease in body fat after 12 weeks. Another study published in Annals of Internal Medicine looked at the impact fibre had on a person trying to lose weight. Participants were asked to follow a diet containing at least 30 grams of fibre each day. The study found those in the high fibre group not only lost weight but also lowered their blood pressure and improved their blood sugar levels. Other health benefits from taking fibre supplements include: Relieve occasional constipation Glucomannan is a natural, water-soluble dietary fibre extracted from the roots of konjac, also known as elephant yam. It’s available as a powder and tablets, and is the main ingredient in shirataki noodles. Like all soluble fibres, glucomannan is highly absorbent, and when it binds with water it forms a gel-like substance. This gel helps create a sensation of fullness, which can reduce appetite and delays stomach emptying, keeping a person feeling fuller for longer. It breaks down carbohydrates more slowly, stabilising post-meal blood sugar levels. The gel can also decrease absorption of fat. A 2005 study carried out by Norway’s University of Tromso reported dieters who took glucomannan lost more weight than those taking other high-fibre supplements. Another study involving 176 healthy but overweight people on a calorie-restricted diet randomly assigned either a glucomannan supplement or a placebo to participants. The study found that weight loss was significantly higher among those who used glucomannan supplements.