Marina Granovskaia has still made no 'commitment' on her future at Stamford Bridge with Chelsea's new potential owners all fighting to keep her at the club. There's just a few days for Chelsea bidders to get their final offer submitted with the deadline being April 14. Todd Boehly's consortium, The Ricketts Family, Sir Martin Broughton's consortium and Stephen Pagliuca are the remaining four bidders with a chance of becoming Chelsea's new owners. The original deadline had been set for today, but all were given an extension to help them finalise the intricacies of their proposals. A final decision may not happen before May as Raine Group go over the offers before presenting their preferred bidder to the UK Government. That leaves some more uncertainty over Chelsea's transfer activity heading into the summer transfer window, which officially opens on June 10. Granovskaia has been Chelsea's chief transfer negotiator under Roman Abramovich, but her future at the club remains unclear. According to The Athletic, the Russian-Canadian executive is yet to fully commit herself to the club beyond the end of the season. JUST IN: Liverpool icon Carragher sends Torres warning to Salah over contract  Granovskaia has a close working relationship with Abramovich dating back to 1997 before joining him at Chelsea. But all four of Chelsea's prospective bidders are reportedly in agreement that they want to keep Granovskaia at the club. A final decision is not expected to be made until Chelsea's new owners are in place. Petr Cech's future at Chelsea may also be tied with who comes in as Abramovich's replacement at the helm. DON'T MISS  Speaking last month, Thomas Tuchel admitted that he hopes both club officials will still be in their current roles when a new owner comes in. "This will not be my choice," he said. "This is a part of it (the uncertainty around the club). "I can only tell you that until now it was an excellent relationship that worked so, so well for me and hopefully also for the two others - to take these decisions and to have the updates in a small circle of communications and responsibility. Hopefully it will stay like this but I have no influence over it and information if it will."