While she has been a staple character in the much-loved Netflix series Sex Education, Simone Ashley has confirmed she can no longer carry on her role as Olivia. Along with Ruby (played by Mimi Keene) and Anwar (Chaneil Kular), Olivia was one of the most popular students at Moordale High. But since joining Bridgerton, Simone has had to leave the rival Netflix show. Joining Josie Gibson and Vernon Kay on This Morning, Simone was quizzed about her future on both series. Josie asked: “Are you going to be back for Sex Education season four?” “No,” Simone replied as Vernon and Josie let out a huge gasp. “I get asked all the time but no. I’m a Bridgerton girl now.” READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry Simone has won a legion of fans as the feisty, confident Kate Sharma in the second series of Bridgerton. While Kate initially seems disinterested in falling in love and finding a husband, she soon has her head turned by Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey). However, the Viscount has his eye on diamond of the season, Edwina (Charithra Chandran), who also happens to be Kate’s sister. As a result a love triangle develops leading to frustration and heartache for all three characters. Kate and Edwina Sharma have both been confirmed to return for the third season of Bridgerton with fans reportedly missing a key detail about Kate and Anthony’s future in season two. After Kate has recovered from a horse riding accident, she asks Anthony to dance at a ball but he’s worried about what the Ton might think. The young woman assures him she may just need his assistance to “steady me” after her accident. DON'T MISS...Will there be a season 3 of Bridgerton? [LATEST]Simone Ashley hints Kate will 'let go' in Bridgerton season 3 [TEASER]Simone Ashley height: How tall is Bridgerton's Kate Sharma actress? [INSIGHT] As they step onto the dance floor, the Viscount checks his partner is okay by holding up three fingers, asking: “How many?” “Three,” Kate replies before Anthony changes to four fingers. While the moment may seem insignificant, fans of Julia Quinn’s novels may note it could reference the number of children the couple have together. Kate goes on to have three children with Anthony but a few years after their youngest is born, she falls pregnant again. It’s not known if the series will reach this point in the story or if there will be changes to the storyline. Meanwhile, Sex Education is set to be back in production after season three hits screens in late 2021. Details of what’s in store for the high-school students have been kept under wraps but there is speculation it could be the show’s final outing. Sex Education and Bridgerton are available to stream on Netflix now