Princess Eugenie married Jack Brooksbank on October 12, 2018 in a big royal wedding in St George’s Chapel in Windsor Castle. Two years later, Princess Beatrice followed suit with a much smaller affair in the All Saints Chapel with her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. Their wedding on July 17, 2020 was a small wedding with a limited guest list due to the coronavirus restrictions at the time.  Jack was formerly the general manager of Mahiki, a nightclub in Mayfair that was often visited by Eugenie, plus her cousins Prince William and Prince Harry in their youth. Edoardo is the founder and chief executive of Banda Property, a property development and interior design company. But he is also the son of Alessandro Mapelli-Mozzi, a British Olympian and member of an Italian noble family whose ancestral seat is the Villa Mapelli Mozzi in the Bergamo province of Italy. Judi James, a body language specialist spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse whether Edoardo or Jack have slid more easily into the British Royal Family.  READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham marries into astonishingly wealthy family  She claimed: “It looks like a case of ‘sweet’ versus ‘suave’ for Eugenie and Beatrice’s husbands, with the rather shy and eager-to-please Jack looking like a very different husband to the handsome, elegant and self-confident Edoardo. “Both have had a rather complex induction into royal life thanks to the ongoing dramas of their wives' parents, but both appear to have coped well, with Jack appearing permanently upbeat while Edo’s charm makes it look as though there is little about being royal that he hasn’t experienced already, thanks to being descended from Italian nobility,” Judi noted. She continued: “It is Edo oozing old-school charm while taking the lead at royal events, like the recent memorial service for the Duke of Edinburgh, where he moved in quickly and with confidence to greet the other royals with an air of regality himself and sat smiling in support and condolence when the dramas became too much for his wife and she dissolved into tears. “With his good looks and his impeccable fashion sense he looks like a storybook Prince himself and what looks like his air of unflappable sophistication might compliment Beatrice’s more emotional and spontaneous personality.  “His poses tend to vary from the puffed-chest and raised chin of energy and confidence to the more nonchalant and worldly-looking hands stuffed into his pockets.” How well has Edoardo integrated into the British Royal Family? Judi claimed: “It will be interesting to see how well Edo integrates into the royal Firm. They have a history of being wary of anyone who looks more royal than they do and Edo does tick that box superficially, although whether he adopts any of the alleged airs and graces of ‘Princess Pushy’ as Princess Michael became known, is yet to be revealed. “Edo’s air of confidence and his ability to pose perfectly for the cameras even at the end of a long night partying suggests he should cope with certain aspects of royal life.”  How does Jack Brooksbank compare to the more “confident” Edoardo? Judi added: “Jack’s wide, open and symmetric smile and equally wide-open eyes create a much more boyish and even naïve image, and his wedding day did seem to be spent in a state of happy high anxiety. “Happiness and optimism seem to be written all over Jack’s body language as well as what looks like a desire to get things right for the sake of his slightly nurturing-looking wife.” How well has Jack Brooksbank fitted into the royal scene?  Judi claimed: “With a successful business background as well as a young son from a previous relationship though, a lot will depend on how far any press intrusion goes if the York’s drama ripples outward and how much of that spotlight he is prepared to take in his own private life. “The way the wives and their husbands lined up with Fergie to present a united front showed loyalty but the ongoing pressures could create a challenge. “Jack looks easy-going and fun and his job managing up-market nightclubs should make him the relatable social option for both William and Harry. “His work has probably made him amenable and flexible and experienced in dealing with royals and their lifestyle.” 