Howard Cox, Founder of FairFuelUK, said a third of its supporters who responded to a survey last weekend said they have encountered a “problem” finding fuel. The fuel shortages have been blamed on environmental pressure groups Just Stop Oil and Extinction Rebellion who have launched protests at oil refineries around the country.  Mr Cox said: "Some garages are now really drying up. "It's very patchy, it's sporadic but it's still an issue, particularly in the South. “Most of the protests are happening below the Midlands and in the Home Counties, and that's where we're seeing some of the problems. "Above the Midlands in the North, in Scotland and Northern Ireland there's no problems whatsoever. Their garages are full of fuel,” he told the PA news agency. READ MORE: UK hit with more fuel shortages as drivers queue for diesel and petrol  Since the start of April, environmental activists have been protesting at oil refineries around the country, leading to shortages of petrol and diesel at some fuel forecourts. Many drivers have experienced issues with a supply of diesel, while others have experienced waiting times of up to 30 minutes to fill up. Because of this, a petrol station boss says he has been inundated with calls from anxious motorists amid rolling diesel shortages in Warwickshire. Amar Tanna, who runs two forecourts near Rugby, says people have travelled from across the region to purchase diesel, because its availability is fluctuating so wildly. DON'T MISSWhy is there a diesel shortage? How to check if diesel is available [WARNING]Motorists can save over £300 a year on fuel costs by ditching premium [INSIGHT]Hydrogen is a 'fantastic solution' for UK vehicles with new proposals [ANALYSIS]  Mr Tanna said the BP he manages at Stretton Service Station on the A45, near Stretton-on-Dunsmore, had been without diesel for two days. His second station, the Esso in Coventry Road, Dunchurch, hasn't been as badly affected. He blamed the shortages on environmental activists who have been undertaking a campaign of blockages at oil refineries around the country. Eco-activists from Just Stop Oil have released a statement in anticipation of the Easter weekend, saying the protests will continue unless the Government takes strong action. It stated: “The Government can end the queues and closures at petrol station forecourts immediately, ahead of the Easter holidays, by committing to halt all new oil licences and consents. “Ministers have a choice: they can arrest and imprison Just Stop Oil supporters or agree to no new oil and gas. “While Just Stop Oil supporters have their liberty the disruption will continue. “Now is the moment to come and meet with the coalition.” RAC fuel spokesperson Simon Williams said March 2022 will “go down in the history books as one of the worst ever months when it comes to pump prices”. He added that drivers will be “aggrieved” at the cut to fuel duty at the end of March, which was not seen at all forecourts. It also comes at a time when many drivers are fearing the rise of other household costs including gas and electricity. New research has found that more than £1.2billion will be spent on fuel over the Easter weekend, as more than 20 million people look to travel at least once. Around 65 percent of British motorists admit they wish they didn't have to drive anywhere over Easter, citing the cost of fuel as one of the main reasons. RAC Fuel Watch data shows the average price of unleaded petrol stands at 162.44p per litre, although this “should fall”. Despite this, an average family car with a 55-litre tank will need to fork out almost £90 to fill it completely, with waiting times at petrol stations potentially putting some drivers off. According to webuyanycar, drivers will travel 111 miles between Friday and Monday over the Easter weekend.