Rats are unwelcome visitors in the garden and are considered vermin by most homeowners. These long-tailed rodents can transmit diseases to plants, humans and pets through both their urine and droppings, wreaking havoc on your garden. Getting rid of a rat problem is crucial if you want to protect your outdoor space, but what exactly can you do to control regular rodents around your property? These are the best expert-approved methods to try. Rats are nocturnal animals which means you are unlikely to spot them lurking in your garden during the day, but they are bound to leave a few tell-tale signs of their presence. Pest control company Integrum Services claimed that there are several ways to know if you have a rat problem. Burrows, small oval shaped droppings, bite marks, and footprints are just some of the signs of active rats, but how can you get rid of them once you’ve found them in your garden? Seeking the help of a professional pest control service is the safest route to go down to tackle a rat problem. However, there are some DIY methods you can try out first. READ MORE: Wood-burning stove rules: Key changes you need to be aware of in 2022 Glue traps and poison should be avoided where possible to avoid unfortunate mishaps involving other wildlife, or even yourself. Instead, try a naturally fragranced repellent mixture to deter rats from your garden plants. Integrum Services said: “Create a potent repellent recipe using minced garlic cloves, castor oil, soap, tabasco, and water. “Spray this delightful mix all around your garden to keep the rats away.” Peppermint oil is another harmless substance which acts as a natural deterrent to pesky rats. These unsightly rodents will avoid your garden at all costs if they get a hint of the intense peppermint fragrance, just dilute it in water and spritz your garden plants. For best results, focus the diluted oil on areas where rats may be drawn to, including: DON'T MISS:‘Sow it now’: Monty Don shares his ‘rule’ for growing basil  [INSIGHT]‘Kills it at the roots’: ‘Best’ way to remove perennial weeds [REVEAL]Four garden pests to watch for this spring [ANALYSIS] If you find a nest that you’re sure belongs to rats, a small bowl of ammonia is often all you need to stop them returning. Place ammonia or ammonia-based products in a bowl and leave it next to the entrance of the rodent nest. According to Integrum Services, the strong-smelling chemical “works wonders” in deterring these destructive pests. Taking advantage of the natural food chain is one of the most humane ways to manage rats in your garden. Gardeners’ World said: “Rats form a substantial part of a fox’s diet, so – where possible – it’s a good idea to give foxes space to live in your garden or allotment, too.” Keeping your pets active in the garden can also deter rats too, so allow them plenty of time on your lawn and around flower beds to reap the benefits of their naturally “disruptive force”.  Once you think you’ve tackled an ongoing rat problem, it is essential that you take steps to prevent them from returning. Blocking access to attractive nesting sites is one of the easiest ways to reduce the chances of rodents returning, and it is very easy to do. You should focus on: According to Gardeners World, the space beneath decking is one of the perfect hiding spots for rats, offering shelter and food scraps as well as plenty of warmth. To prevent pests, sweep up any fallen food after dining outside and use plant pots or wooden boards to plug the gap between the ground and the decking. Block any holes in the walls, floors and doors of your garden buildings securely to stop unwanted rats making their way in. You could even add a metal ‘kick plate’ to your shed door to prevent entry. 