Kelvin Fletcher has taken to Instagram to reveal that he and his wife Liz and two children Marnie and Milo will be temporarily welcoming a woolly new addition to their family home. The star of Kelvin's Big Farming Adventure, 38, revealed that he and his family will be hand rearing a lamb after it was heartbreakingly rejected by its mother who kept "headbutting" it. Appearing on stories, the former Emmerdale actor explained that he had made the decision for the "safety" of the lamb. Appearing on his wife Liz's Instagram, Kelvin revealed to her 79,900 followers that they will be welcoming the rejected lamb into their home. He said: "Hello everybody, I'm with my little helpers today," as he panned to his children Marnie, five and Milo, two. "Yeah," added Milo as he cuddled the lamb while his sister waved at the camera. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty hits out as BBC viewer asks if she 'forgot to get dress Kelvin went on: "We're looking after our lamb, so we've taken her off her mummy today." Marnie chipped in and explained: "Because she's been headbutting her." Kelvin clarified: "Yeah, the mummy was headbutting the little lamb so I thought it's safest just to bring her away. "So mum's over there now with the brother and sister and this little one we're going to rear, aren't we guys?" he asked his children. "Yes," they answered in unison. "We've just given it some milk, haven't we?" he asked the duo. Kelvin said to Milo: "Can you let Marnie have a little hold?" Talking to the lamb, Milo answered: "Do you want to go to Marnie?" before plonking the animal on his sister. DON'T MISS... Penny Lancaster stuns in 21st birthday throwback snap [INSIGHT]The Wanted's Max George shares heartbreak following Tom Parker's death [UPDATE]GB News' Eamonn Holmes urges fans to vote after TRIC Award nominations [ANALYSIS] "He's heavy!" Milo exclaimed, before Kelvin filmed the lamb snuggling into Marnie's lap. "So what do you think, he's tiny isn't he? "Have you got a name for him guys? Shall we give hima little name?" he asked the pair. "Momo," Milo helpfully suggested, before changing his mind and opting for "One Yitch". As Marnie deliberated over a name for the newborn lamb, Milo could be heard whispering "Lion King!" which dad kelvin declared to be a "good name". Kelvin and his wife, Liz, bought a 120-acre farm on the edge of the Peak District National Park after having escaped to the country with his family. Days ago, Kelvin and Liz revealed that they're expecting twin boys. He had already made it clear that he'd be delighted about the news no matter what gender the pair turned out to be, telling Hello! jubilantly: "We've already got the best of both worlds with Marnie and Milo, so I didn't mind either way."