Last week, Prince Charles and Camilla took a visit to the Elstree studios set of EastEnders following their filming of a special episode dedicated to the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. During their visit, the couple met Strictly Come Dancing's 2021 champion, Rose Ayling-Ellis, who plays Frankie on the popular BBC soap opera. Whilst on the set, Camilla revealed that the Royal Family, including herself and the Queen are "huge fans" of the dancing show. On the latest episode on his YouTube channel Neil Sean's Daily News Headlines, royal expert Neil Sean discussed the royals' love the Strictly and how Camilla "bores" Charles with her weekly Strictly updates. Mr Sean said: "Camilla is a huge fan of the hit TV show, Strictly Come Dancing. "I know over in America and I think it may be that title in various parts of the world... but over here we call it Strictly Come Dancing. "It is the Autumn number one show on the British broadcasting corporation." He added: "Camilla has been a fan for so many year. "Apparently she actually sort of could we say almost bores Prince Charles with her analogies of who's doing well and who's not doing well on a weekly basis." READ MORE: ‘Great neighbours!’ Kate and William gain advice from locals as couple eye-up Windsor move Mr Sean added: "It is a royal treat." The royal expert also revealed that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are fans of the show, as well as "the wonderful monarch, our Queen". He said: "Apparently she loves the show, never misses it. "That's one of the talking points when Camilla and the Queen get together." READ MORE: Kate's silent gesture spotted by Royal fans at Prince Philip memorial Miss Ayling-Ellis was the first-ever deaf contestant on the show, and even went on to win the series alongside professional Giovanni Pernice. On the set, Camilla told the 27-year-old that the Royal Family all watched her win last year. The Duchess told the EastEnders actress: “We were all voting for you, Rose. "I don't know how you did all those dances.” Asked by Miss Ayling-Ellis whether the Queen also watched Strictly, Camilla said: “I think she does. After her exchange with the Duchess, Miss Ayling-Ellis said she was "mind blown" that the royals voted for her on Strictly. She said: "It was really funny because she's a huge fan of Strictly Come Dancing and she mentioned that she voted for me which is so lovely, and her grandchildren watch it. “It is amazing, so lovely. I mean come on, it's the Royal Family voting for me, sometimes you forget how many people watch the show, I am mind blown.”