Abdul Noormohamed, 39, said justice was served after Harrow Council revoked fines he was given for driving in a restricted zone. Cameras were installed around Harrow, north-west London, to deter people from using some roads during the school run. Mr Noormohamed, who lives in a zone near Marlborough School, was shocked to be fined for using his own road during these hours. He contacted Harrow Council and local politicians, but said he received little response. It was not until his case was made public by local press reports that the fines were cancelled. Mr Noormohamed said: "It feels like a huge weight off my shoulders. [The council] still hasn’t accepted any fault. "They still made me register even though I’d already done so, but at least they cancelled them." He added that since this all came out, people have been telling him that they have had the same problem. Mr Noormohamed said: "They can’t get through to anyone – it’s as if one department at the council doesn’t know what the others are doing." He told MyLondon he felt like a celebrity when he went to pick up his three daughters up from school with several parents and teachers pointing out that they had also been stung by the cameras.  READ MORE ABOUT A BOY KILLED IN A COT ACCIDENT But he claimed there are a number of outstanding issues with the traffic scheme, known as School Streets. This includes concerns about the signs warning drivers they cannot use the street by the school at certain times. Mr Noormohamed said that people living in the zone struggle to have visitors round or get deliveries to their door for fear of being fined. He added: "My house is usually very active - my door is always open. I’d have people coming and going all day every day, but I can’t anymore."  DON'T MISS: Prince Harry favourability PLUMMETS as royal fans turn on Duke [REVEALED] Hunt for commander dubbed ‘Butcher of Bucha’ [LATEST] Over 300 dogs found starved to death in Ukrainian shelter [REPORT] The father of three claimed that the restrictions were forcing cars onto nearby roads, subjecting others to pollution. Several school streets schemes were approved in Harrow following consultation with residents and schools. The Marlborough School scheme covers part of Marlborough Hill, Leys Close, Rugby Close, Ranmoor Gardens and Badminton Close. MyLondon reports that it is scheduled to come up for review after receiving mixed feedback. Harrow Council has been approached for comment. Scotland was the first in the UK to introduce such a scheme, according to website School Streets Initiative. Camden in 2017 was the first to bring the measure to London where according to Mayor of London Sadiq Khan's office there are now 500 such schemes. An analysis carried out by Transport for London shows that School Streets is among a raft of measures which has led to walking being the main way 58 percent of children aged five to 11 in the capital get to school. According to Mayor Khan's office, School Streets has also cut nitrogen dioxide by up to 23 percent during morning drop off. There are also schemes in towns and cities across the UK, including Sheffield, Birmingham, Cardiff and Plymouth, School Streets Initiative reports.