Morgan Fevre, 22, was rushed to hospital and needed emergency surgery to save his life following the attack. He suffered a bleed to the brain, a fractured cheekbone and fractured eye socket among other injuries in the horror, which happened in Manchester city centre. Morgan had recently moved to the city because he believed it to be "inclusive". But his family, from Retford, Nottinghamshire, are appalled by the violence. Morgan's dad Paul Fevre, 53, said Morgan had been out with friends and believes the thug first asked Morgan for a cigarette before attacking him. Speaking to Manchester Evening News, Paul said: "The man said to him 'why are you wearing a girl's jacket, you f****** f*****? "That's the last that he remembers. In 2022, that people are called these names and these things happen to them - it is absolutely horrendous. "Morgan has gone to Manchester thinking it's great - you can go out and be who you are. Then this happens. This has knocked him back, but we are all here for him. Without a shadow of a doubt, one of the reasons he came to Manchester was because of the city's inclusiveness."   Morgan, a support worker for adults with learning difficulties, also had his nose fractured in four places and three teeth broken in the assault. More than 40 staples medics used following Morgan's emergency craniotomy have been removed, but doctors at Salford Royal Hospital are continuing to monitor him. Paul, from Retford, said: "We are just taking each day as it comes. It is heart-wrenching to be honest. The family are in bits. "I got a phone call from my wife saying that Morgan had been attacked and was in intensive care. We just jumped in the car and raced up to Manchester." Morgan won't be able to return to work for some time due to his injuries and has lost a planned holiday in May because he can't now fly. He could also face expensive dental surgery.  Greater Manchester Police confirmed officers were called to reports of an assault in the city centre at about 1.35am on Sunday April 10. The force said the incident was being treated as a "homophobically-aggravated assault" and was being investigated by detectives. Morgan's 30-year-old partner Elliot Lyte, who lives with him in Didsbury, Manchester, condemned the "senseless violence". Elliott continued: "In a country of progression and in a city which has somewhere called the Gay Village, that this can happen, and these words said, is baffling and upsetting. "Morgan is doing well, but this will leave lasting scars both physically and mentally. He is on the way to recovery, but has only just become himself in the last couple of days."  In an appeal on GoFundMe, Morgan's family say he is "fearful of ever going out again". In a statement, Greater Manchester Police said: "Officers were called to reports of an assault on Charlotte Street in Manchester city centre at about 1.35am on April 10, 2022. It is believed the male victim was punched by another man and required hospital treatment for face and head injuries. He has now been discharged from hospital. "The incident is being treated as a homophobically aggravated assault and is being investigated by GMP's City of Manchester CID. Anyone with information should call police on 0161 856 4409 quoting incident 247 of 10/4/2022. "Information can also be reported online or by using the LiveChat function at www.gmp.police.uk. If you can't report online, call 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111." 