The Lord of the Rings fans were delighted to hear the iconic films would be adapted for the small screen. Amazon Prime Video will host the TV show, which has been named The Rings of Power. Express.co.uk has all you need to know including a release date and images. Back in 2017 Amazon acquired the rights to The Lord of the Rings, with a view of making a five-season production worth at least $1billion. Fans of the original films will be taken back to Middle-earth as the series was filmed in New Zealand. Filming began in February 2020 and took more than a year to complete. The first season, which is made up of eight episodes, will air exclusively on Amazon Prime Video on September 2, 2022. A second season has already been ordered, and it will take place in the UK. READ MORE: Lord of the Rings’ Amazon series unveils all-new title Casting for the huge ensemble cast took place around the world and a whole host of actors have already been announced. They include Robert Aramayo, Owain Arthur and Nazanin Boniadi to name a few. Morfydd Clark has been cast as Galadriel, who was played by Cate Blanchett in the original films. Simon Merrells will play Trevyn, but not much is known about the character yet. Theo, son of Bronwyn, will be played by Tyroe Muhafidin.  Original characters likely to appear include Elrond and Sauron. READ MORE: Lord of the Rings Gandalf star breaks silence on Amazon comeback Prime Video issued a short video with the title announcement on January 19. A voice is heard saying: "Three rings for the Elven kings under the sky. "Seven for the dwarf lords in their halls of stone. Nine for mortal men, doomed to die. "One for the dark lord on his dark throne, in the land of Mordor, where the shadows lie." On February 14 a trailer was released and a voice is heard saying: "Haven't you ever wondered what else is out there? "There is wonders in this world beyond our wandering. I can feel it."  DON'T MISS... Sir Ian McKellen health: Actor on 'very distressing' memory loss [INSIGHT]Cate Blanchett has 'PTSD' over lockdown and missed 'strangers' [INTERVIEW] The Beatles were not allowed to adapt Lord of the Rings into a musical [INSIGHT] The J.R.R. Tolkien adaptation will bring together all of the major stories of Middle-earth’s Second Age. This includes the forging of the rings, the rise of the Dark Lord Sauron, the epic tale of Númenor, and the Last Alliance of Elves and Men. Showrunners J.D. Payne and Patrick McKay said: "Until now, audiences have only seen on-screen the story of the One Ring – but before there was one, there were many. "And we’re excited to share the epic story of them all.” The series is set thousands of years before the events of the Lord of the Rings films. READ MORE: Next James Bond: Lord of the Rings star pushes Tom Hardy aside in odds Peace remains across Middle-earth until the feared re-emergence of evil looms. Fans have taken to the title announcement video to share their thoughts and express their excitement. Men of the West said: "Very excited to see where the show goes! I am quite ready for another adventure!" Berar Vlad said: "I really like the vibe on this teaser. I can't see a different tone or vibe for a lotr movie or tv series other than New Zealand and Howard Shore involvement. "But this cannot be better than the lotr trilogy, mostly because of the casting. The casting for LOTR was perfection." [Sic]  Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power will air on Amazon Prime Video on September 2.