This spring, some Britons who depend on legacy benefits, such as Working Tax Credits and Jobseeker’s Allowance, will be transferred to the new Universal Credit system. However, some will have to wait until 2024 unless they instigate a change. Before acting, claimants are being urged to check whether they would in fact be better off. Universal Credit was first introduced by the DWP in 2013 to streamline the British benefits system. It replaces six old style legacy benefits: Income Support, Income-Based Jobseeker's Allowance, Income-Related Employment and Support Allowance, Working Tax Credit, Child Tax Credit and Housing Benefit. Although millions of Britons have already been moved over, things came to a stop because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Now the DWP has restarted the process which is expected to take until 2024. READ MORE: Carer's Allowance: Nearly half a million missing out on DWP benefit While some people will be in line to be moved over, others could hurry up the process by contacting their local benefits office. However, people are being reminded that not all legacy benefit claimants will be better off on Universal Credit. Once a change in circumstance has been triggered, claimants can’t reverse their decision. For this reason, it’s advisable to seek advice before taking action. DON'T MISSState pension frustration as sum will not increase to £380 per week [UPDATE]Pensioners lose £8,000 of state pension as expats see sums frozen [WARNING]Woman in tears at £1.4m IHT bill ‘Parents have already paid tax!' [INSIGHT] The DWP has launched a new section on the Universal Credit website for Tax Credit customers explaining the difference between the benefits. It also has a handy benefits calculator so people can see the difference for themselves. On the Citizen’s Advice website, it states: “If your work, home or family situation changes, you might be better off claiming Universal Credit. “Some changes will end your benefit claim - so claiming Universal Credit might be the only way to replace them.” If people have a choice between staying on old benefits and claiming Universal Credit they should talk to an adviser. The website continues: “You can also check how much Universal Credit you’d get by using a benefit calculator. “If you won’t have enough money to live on while you wait for your first Universal Credit payment, you can ask for an advance payment. “The advance payment is a loan - you’ll have to pay it back.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea To find out whether, people will be better off on Universal Credit they’ll need details of: Claimants can find out more by going to Gov.uk.