A Place In The Sun presenter Laura Hamilton has been securing properties abroad for eager house-hunters since she graced our screens on the Channel 4 programme in 2012. The entrepreneur and on-screen broadcaster has now teased plans which will certainly excite viewers. The 39-year-old is currently gearing up for A Place In The Sun Live, the official exhibition of the hit Channel 4 series, which is returning to London Olympia next month. Laura will be joined by show favourites Jasmine Harman, Jonnie Irwin and Jean Johansson who will all be on hand to offer their advice and unique insight on finding the perfect overseas property. Discussing the event, Laura shared her excitement at interacting with the public as she dished on possible plans for the show's future. The presenter explained she often gets approached by the public who often ask about past show guests who have purchased a property abroad. READ MORE: Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore The mum-of-two shared that many of them approach her for an update about former house-hunters. Laura has since hinted at a potential spin-off series giving fans just that - an insight on former show guests who are now living life in the sun. She said: "I think they're talking about maybe a potential for an actual TV show like 'Where are they now?' kind of thing, but nothing's confirmed. "A lot of people always say, 'we would love to have an update on what this person's doing and how life has been.' So you never know."  Meanwhile, Laura spoke candidly about A Place In The Sun Live exhibition which she is looking forward to. Laura said: "What's lovely is there are lots of people who come to the exhibition that have taken part in the show and they come and visit to come and catch up with you. She went on: "But it's nice to say, 'wow why are you back. Are you looking to buy another one? And they're like, 'no, we just wanted to catch up and see you.' Which is nice." "There are also lots of times when I'm abroad filming and I've gone back to a place where I've helped a couple buy somewhere previously, I'll actually go and catch up with them," Laura added. DON'T MISS... Martin Roberts in hospital with 'hours to live' after chest pains[LATEST]Naga Munchetty inundated with support after BBC Breakfast absence[TV]Andrea McLean talks 'needing more money' before moving out of home[EXCLUSIVE] A Place in the Sun Live London is the first exhibition held in the capital since 2019. It follows the success of the exhibition in Manchester held in March, where more than 5,000 attendees were welcomed through the doors of Manchester Central. The London show will feature over 100 exhibitors from all over the world ready to showcase their collection of beautiful overseas homes for sale. Spain will be represented with agents from all over the mainland, the Canaries and Balearics with properties for sale from £50,000 upwards or if it’s France, Italy, Portugal, USA, Cyprus or elsewhere, the experts will be on hand to help. Throughout the three-day exhibition, there will be an extensive program of seminars taking place across four stages including the ever-popular French Village. House hunters will also have the opportunity to screen test to see if they have what it takes to appear in a future episode of A Place In The Sun. A Place in the Sun Live returns to London Olympia from Friday 6th – Sunday 8th May 2022 For tickets please visit http://ow.ly/3W8050IsrGY