Why Didn't They Ask Evans is based on the 1934 book by Agatha Christie, the iconic crime author behind other books such as Death on the Nile, The Pale Horse and Murder on the Orient Express. In this Britbox series, it sees two people investigating the answer behind the titular question which had been the last words of a dying man. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about Why Didn't They Ask Evans. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Why Didn't They Ask Evans.Bobby Jones (played by Will Poulter) is the one to find the man in his final moments on a golf course, asking this unusual question before he died. Unable to stop thinking about what it could have meant, Bobby enlists the help of his childhood friend Lady Frances 'Frankie' Derwent (Lucy Boynton) to delve further into the events leading to the death. During their investigation, they "hit upon a dark conspiracy of deceit, betrayal and - perhaps unsurprisingly - murder". But the real question is who is this Evans and what has he got to do with the victim's death? READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts Why Didn't They Ask Evans premiered on the streaming service Britbox on Thursday, April 14. The mini-series is made up of three one-hour long episodes and, unlike other shows, there is no need to wait. The entirety of Why Didn't They Ask Evans is ready to stream so fans can binge-watch over the Easter weekend. Along with an intriguing premise, there are a number of famous faces dotted throughout the series. Leading the cast as Bobby is actor Will Poulter who has been in The Chronicles of Narnia, We're the Millers and Midsommar, just to name a few. Actress Boynton, on the other hand, may be best recognised for starring in Ballet Shoes, an adaptation of Sense and Sensibility and Mo. Other stars include the likes of Hugh Laurie, Jim Broadbent, and Emma Thompson. Not only does the House and Blackadder actor Laurie feature in Why Didn't They Ask Evans, he is also the director and executive producer. DON'T MISS...Carole Malone erupts in firey election debate over Partygate row [REACTION]Why Didn't They Ask Evans cast: Who is in the Britbox series? [CAST]Why did Theo James leave Sanditon as Sidney Parker? [EXPLAINER] In order to dive into the murder mystery, viewers must first become a Britbox subscriber. A subscription costs £5.99 per month or £59.99 annually with first-time customers offered a seven-day free trial. Once this period is up, monthly or annual payments will begin unless the subscription is cancelled. There is also a Britbox app so fans can watch some of their favourite shows on the go. Why Didn't They Ask Evans is not the only Agatha Christie story available on Britbox. Britbox homes the Poirot series starring David Suchet, as well as two Miss Marple dramas, one starring actress Joan Hickson and the other Geraldine McEwan and then Julia McKenzie. Some of the other Christie stories on Britbox include Secret Adversary, Sparkling Cyanide and Partners in Crime. Why Didn't They Ask Evans is available to watch on Britbox.