Samantha Moitzi participated in the ninth series of Married at First Sight Australia which has come to an end Down Under and is wrapping up in the UK. She was matched with the Bondi-based carpenter Al Perkins who she didn't exactly hit it off with. But fans remained hopeful, wishing there would be romance on the cards as the social experiment continued. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight Australia.From their wedding day until the final commitment ceremony, Samantha and Al had issues. She believed that he lacked "emotional maturity" after reciting Eminem lyrics in his vows. They tried to make the relationship work and Al even convinced Samantha to stay for the final week to see if they could salvage anything from their time together. Sadly, they both agreed they would just be better off as friends and decided to remain single. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry Since joining the Married at First Sight Australia cast, Samantha now works as the director of luxury womenswear Silk Leppard. She launched the company earlier this year after previously working as a fashion brand manager. As with the rest of the MAFS Australia stars, her Instagram is still revolving around the drama of the reality series with little updates on her life now. Nevertheless, Samantha did make a TV appearance alongside her now ex-husband Al. Samantha has moved back to her hometown of the Gold Coast, Queensland, which is where she was at the time of her appearance via video call on Channel Nine's Today Show. Her former other half Ali joined presenters Karl Stefanovic and Allison Langdon in the Sydney studio. When Karl asked if Samantha thought Al was a bit "up himself", she hesitated to answer, leaving Al and the presenters in fits of laughter. She then clarified that she asked for someone "confident" and that is what she got with Al, before nodding awkwardly. Al then joked: "And that's it", laughing off the comment. DON'T MISS...Steve Fletcher opens up on getting sister Suzie Repair Shop role [FAMILY]Mishel MAFS Australia: Where is season 7 star Mishel Karen now? [CAST]Brent Married at First Sight Australia: Where is Brent Vitiello now? [EXPLAINER] Speaking to Now to Love, Al said he was happy they stayed for another week, despite their relationship heading south. He said: "We went on a really nice [snorkelling] date and that was a step in the right direction, otherwise if we did leave we would've left on a really bad note. "I wanted to make sure we kept going and steer us in the right direction. "Sam and I are really tight now, everything is really good." MAFS Australia season nine may be over but there will be more reality show drama on its way. Married at First Sight UK was confirmed for another season earlier this year. A release date hasn't been announced but it has been said that it will be made up of 30 episodes in total. Married at First Sight Australia is available to watch on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.