The Earl and Countess of Wessex were given the royal treatment as they received their second red carpet and guard of honour welcome of their tour after landing in St Vincent and the Grenadines, as scouts, girl guides and cadets waved the national flag. Steel drums playing One Love by Bob Marley was the backdrop to the couple's official welcome to the island.  Sophie dazzled in a floral flock while Edward looked smart in a double breasted grey suit. But the couple had received a warning from another Caribbean country to avoid "phoney sanctimony" over slavery. In an open letter to the pair, Antigua and Barbuda Reparations Support Commission said: "We hear the phony sanctimony of those who came before you that these crimes are a 'stain on your history'. "For us, they are the source of genocide and of continuing deep international injury, injustice and racism. "We hope you will respect us by not repeating the mantra. "We are not simpletons." Despite the warning, the reception for the couple was friendly, and they were presented with a bouquet of flowers by primary school pupil Ashley Church. Before standing on a platform to observe a guard of honour, Edward was greeted by governor general Dame Susan Dougan, followed by acting prime minister Montgomery Daniel. The couple are set to carry out separate engagements for part of their one-day trip to the island. Sophie is due to visit a community college, where she will be welcomed by the La Gracia Dance Company.  READ MORE: Sophie Wessex stuns in £115 Caribbean-inspired bracelet and £159 shoes As part of her aim to champion the need for support and equality for blind and partially sighted people, the countess will meet representatives of two organisations, Persons With Disabilities, and the Society Of And For The Blind. She will also meet women's groups to hear about their role in the community's response to last year's eruption of the La Soufriere volcano. At the same time, Edward is due to visit the island's national stadium where he will meet athletes training for Birmingham's Commonwealth Games. DON'T MISSRoyal POLL: Should the Commonwealth be dissolved once the Queen dies? [POLL]Sophie and Edward defy royal tour row as they receive warm greeting [INSIGHT]Sophie Wessex lands in Saint Lucia 'radiant in red' in £1068 dress [PICTURES] He will observe two sprint races which are set to be held in honour of the Platinum Jubilee. The earl will also watch the end of a T10 women's cricket match and meet some of the country's netball and tennis teams. After the couple have lunch with the governor general and the islands' acting prime minister they will visit the botanical gardens.  The pair are due to plant a tree to mark the Queen's 70 years as monarch, before hearing about the country's response to the Covid-19 pandemic. Before departing, Edward and Sophie will travel to the prime minister's residence for a meeting with the acting prime minister and members of cabinet. Sophie and Edward on Friday began their seven-day tour of the Caribbean where they are also scheduled to visit two other nations, Antigua and Barbuda and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, after the 11th hour postponement of the Grenada leg of their trip.  The Platinum Jubilee tour was organised to mark the Queen's 70-year reign, and it comes shortly after the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were criticised for some elements of their recent Caribbean tour, deemed to hark back to colonial days. A young Sophie was a Brownie herself and became the president of Girlguiding UK in 2003. The Countess took over following the death of Princess Margaret in February 2002.