This was seen on the forum r/UKPersonalFinance, where people can seek advice and input on a variety of financial matters. One user only reached out simply asking for guidance on what to do as she was short on her council tax bill but got a whole lot more from a generous stranger. User ThrowagayAccount111 noted on the post that she had found herself in dire straits, without access to a phone nor bus fare to reach council offices. She shared: “Okay so I am a few pounds short on my Council Tax and am wondering what my best approach is?” ThrowagayAccount111 shared that she receives Universal Credit, which reduces her tax bill. Although her tax bill was only £14, at the time she only had £5 in her bank and no support network to turn to. READ MORE: State pension warning: Britons could be denied payment based on National Insurance record  She asked: “What do I do? Any advice to deal with this quickly? It was due today. I have a small freelance job that earns me a few quid a day. “My plan was to earn the amount I owe for payday on Wednesday, but the work has run out, and from experience it could be months before I get any more." The Reddit user added that she was “living in near poverty” although this was the first time she had been unable to cover her council tax. “Honestly I am a bit scared. I have nobody to borrow money from, and nothing to sell for quick cash. “I need some advice if at all possible please because if work does not pick up again it could be three weeks before I see any more money.” The post was purely intended for her to get information and advice on what she could do to avoid the drastic consequences of an unpaid tax bill. However, she later updated the post to say: “A kind person, who has requested to remain anonymous, unexpectedly sent me enough to pay my Council Tax. “I will definitely keep your advice for future, in case it happens again - cos let's face it in this climate it just might, sadly. Thank you so much for all of your help everyone.”   Generally, if someone is struggling to pay their council tax bill they could contact their council to arrange for smaller payment amounts that they would commit to regularly. People on low income or certain benefits can also get a council tax reduction meaning they have a smaller bill. However, missing a council tax payment without trying to arrange this with the council could have devastating consequences. The council will usually send a reminder notice giving residents seven days to pay, and if this is not done the resident will have to pay the entire year’s worth of council tax instead. This must then be paid within seven days of receiving the final notice the council can take legal action to get the missing money. In some circumstances, councils could get one’s employer to dock the unpaid bill out of their wages or even take the money from certain benefits. This includes Employment and Support Allowance, Income Support, Jobseeker’s Allowance, Pension Credit and Universal Credit. Additionally, Britons could face up to three months in prison if it is found that they did not have a good reason to not pay the bill.