That’s according to charities who say the latest benefits rise will be "gobbled up” by soaring energy bills. However, there are 30 freebies many Britons can claim from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to compensate for the cost of living crisis. While benefit rates increased 3.1 percent in April, many people will be left wondering where the extra money went. Household bills are rising twice as fast, meaning it will be a drop in the ocean for cash strapped Britons. Annie McCormack, from Perth & Kinross-based charity Broke Not Broken, said many people are being plunged into poverty. She said: "Everything is increasing in cost yet benefits are only increasing by three percent.” READ MORE: State pensioners could miss out on pension by giving wrong details Ms McCormack continued: "People are telling us they can only put the heating on once a week. “There is going to be an increased pressure on community groups and food banks who will not be able to cope. The pressure is unsustainable. "It is not a case of saying 'lucky them' getting a three percent increase in their benefits. “That three percent is getting gobbled up in the energy bills,” she told the BBC.  DON'T MISS:PIP claimants urged to claim 10 other freebies that could save £1000s [ALERT]State pension to rise £700 as triple lock is back - now fight for it [UPDATE]Halifax offers customers £125 plus 15% cashback - 'excellent' [INSIGHT] Nearly six million people rely on Universal Credit to top up a low income or because they are looking for work. Millions more people depend on tax credits, personal independence payments (PIP) and the state pension to help them pay their bills. They are being forced to make cutbacks and look for new ways to stretch their budget and make savings. One thing they are being encouraged to do is check they are receiving all the Government help they are entitled to. Britons on a low income who receive a benefit like Universal Credit usually qualify for extra financial assistance such as reduced council tax bills. Some of these additional benefits or freebies are also available to people who receive tax credits, PIP or jobseeker's allowance. Claiming for things like free prescriptions, help towards energy bills and disabled facilities grants could make someone thousands of pounds better off. To check eligibility, people can speak to their work coach or local benefits office. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea What are the 30 Universal Credit discounts available?