An infuriated Nick Ferrari fumed at a US interview given by Prince Harry following his visit to the UK. Speaking of the visit, the Duke of Sussex explained he aimed to ensure the Queen “is protected”. LBC broadcaster Nick Ferrari denounced Prince Harry’s claim in a seething rant as he asked “how the hell” the Prince had done anything to protect the Monarch.    In a clip from an NBC interview aired on US television, Prince Harry spoke enthusiastically of his recent visit to his family in the UK. “It’s so nice to see her,” the Prince reflected on his meeting with the Queen, “she's always on great form”. Prince Harry explained he felt reassured after his visit with the Queen and had been “making sure she is protected”. “Oh give me a break,” Ferrari erupted upon hearing the Duke’s claim.    Ferrari criticised the Prince for claiming he was "protecting’" the Queen by “sitting in [his] hen house in California”. The LBC presenter was doubtful Prince Harry’s residence in a “mansion with eighteen bathrooms,” offered any form of protection for the Monarch. Ferrari asked in disbelief: “You’re protecting the Queen? “How the hell are you doing that?” Read more: Cambridges' 'overwhelmed with remorse' after 'eye-opening' royal tour   Ferrari continued to condemn the actions of Prince Harry as he noted the absence of the royal from the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service. He said: “You didn’t even come over for the service of thanksgiving for your grandad He continued to bash Prince Harry’s claims, “how’s that protecting?” he demanded. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were distinctly absent from the thanksgiving service for Prince Philip amid claims of "security concerns". Don't miss:Prince Harry news: His pledge to 'protect' Queen ridiculed [REPORT]Royal expert slams Harry's claims he aims to 'protect' Queen [EXPERT]Prince Harry says Queen in ‘great form’ [ANALYSIS Prince Harry and Meghan, however, made a surprise visit to Windsor Castle ahead of their journey to the Invictus Games in Holland last week. During their low-profile trip to the UK, the couple met with both the Queen and the Prince’s father, Prince Charles. The visit marks the couples first return to the UK since they stepped down from royal duties in 2020. The meeting was shrouded in secrecy as Prince Harry remains trapped in a battle over safety concerns and security demands with the Home Office.   