 ITV soap fans have been keeping a watchful eye on Summer Spellman (played by Harriet Bibby) on Coronation Street in recent months. The teenager has secretly been struggling with an eating disorder and is also having a hard time coping with her diabetes. Viewers have been growing ever more worried about Summer’s health in recent weeks and according to official soap spoilers, her friends will soon pick up on her behaviour changes. Will Summer’s friends be able to help her through her health challenges?    In recent episodes on Coronation Street, Summer joined her friends on a lively night out. However, she quickly became very drunk and snapped at her friends when they raised concerns about her insulin levels. In upcoming scenes on ITV soap, Asha Alahan (Tanisha Gorey) confides in her brother Aadi Alahan (Adam Hussain). Asha confesses she’s concerned about Summer and suspects she’s not managing her diabetes properly. READ MORE: Cillian Murphy says goodbye to Peaky Blinders  Later on, Aadi confronts Summer about her behaviour, unaware she’s secretly struggling with an eating disorder. Keen to get her to open up, Aadi quizzes Summer about her drunken night out. Summer soon admits that when she went out with the girls, she didn’t bother to take her blood sugar as she wanted to feel like a “normal teenager” for the night. Will Aadi listen to her friends as they encourage her to take her diabetes more seriously?   As Summer’s friends grow increasingly concerned about her, they could end up finding out about her eating disorder. But, will they be able to uncover the truth and help Summer before it’s too late? Coronation Street viewers have been discussing Summer’s health storyline on Twitter, with many suspecting something bad may be on the horizon. “Someone please pick up on what Summer is going through right now!!! She needs help!!! #corrie," @Cinders12345678 wrote. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald falls into the sea while paddleboarding [WATCH]‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show [MUST SEE]EastEnders spoilers: Linda Carter walks out of Tina’s funeral [SPOILERS]  “Bet Summer will be found in a diabetic coma. #CoronationStreet," @LexieAshmore said. @EnfieldGarry agreed: “Something’s not right with Summer. #Corrie.” “I have a sense of doom… #summer #corrie," @JillHudson21 commented. “Summer's going to have a bad hypo #corrie," @noelphobic predicted.    Will Summer start to take her diabetes more seriously or could her eating disorder cause her to spiral out of control? If she doesn’t get help soon, the teenager could end up in hospital as her actions take a toll on her health. Fans will have to tune in to find out her fate. Coronation Street continues Monday at 8pm on ITV. For help with issues surrounding eating disorders you can contact BEAT’s England helpline on 0808 801 0677 or visit their website here 