Susan Platt, former chief adviser of staff to Joe Biden, defended the current President’s approach to Ukraine and the US’ supply of weapons to the conflict area. Facing questions from Nigel Farage that Biden was operating out of “fear” and was reluctant to send offensive weapons, Platt dismissed the suggestions, adding that there would be no support at all for Ukraine if Biden had not taken over from Trump. She told Farage on GB News: “I think the point is that if we had the previous president, [Ukraine] would not be receiving weapons at all from the US. “We would be friendly with Vladimir Putin and not Volodymyr Zelensky. I think that’s the point. “Joe Biden has always played the long game. It’s not about the political point of the day or even the week. “It’s about the long game of supporting our allies, of supporting democracies all across the world. “And we all think he has done a bang up job of working together with NATO to get as much reinforcement to Ukraine as we can.” US national security adviser Jake Sullivan said on Sunday that the US are committed to sending Ukraine “the weapons its need” to fend of Russian attack. He said: “We’re going to get Ukraine the weapons it needs to beat back the Russians to stop them from taking more cities and towns where they commit these crimes.” The weapons provided to Ukraine thus far have included defensive anti-aircraft Stinger and anti-tank Javelin missiles, as well as ammunition and body armour. The same manner of defensive weaponry has been supplied by Britain, but nations have been criticised for their reluctance to send more offensive, long-range arms. READ MORE: Putin faces trade hell as US suspends relations over brutal war [REVEAL] The White House said last week that they had sent more than $1.7 billion (£1.3 billion) in military assistance to Ukraine since the start of the war on February 24. But the administration has been criticised by Ukrainian President Zelensky for not sending “everything they need” to win the war. Zelensky claimed that victory in Ukraine “depends on how fast we will be helped by the United States. To be honest, whether we will be able to survive depends on this”. He added: "I have 100% confidence in our people and in our armed forces, but unfortunately I don't have the confidence that we will be receiving everything we need." DONT'S MISS: Ted Cruz blasted after claiming Biden started war in Ukraine [REPORT] China 'preparing for war with US in Asia' alongside Russia [INSIGHT] Xi bolsters terrifying nuclear arsenal as China scrambles to deter US [REPORT] US officials committed to sending 600 combat drones, which boast a 50-mile range, in their latest announcement. But Zelensky has made it clear that his country needs anti-missile and anti-ship weapons alongside fighter jets, tanks and other artillery. He also claimed that Harpoon anti-ship missiles, which have a range of nearly 60 miles, will be vital to protecting the port cities in Ukraine. While Britain pledged to send armoured vehicles last week, the Czech Republic remains the only NATO member to send tanks.