Manchester United were reportedly ready to offer Paris Saint-Germain forward Kylian Mbappe a contract last summer before hearing he had decided on Real Madrid. The 23-year-old ultimately opted to stay in France but could depart his current club this summer when his contract comes to an end. Mbappe joined PSG in the summer of 2018 after the Parisians shelled out a staggering £166million to prise him away from Monaco. And he has become one of the best forwards in the world during his time at Parc des Princes. The ace was the subject of a torrent of speculation last summer after his employers turned down a £137m bid from Real Madrid. But, according to RTL France, the Red Devils had previously been keen to thrash out a deal with the player. PSG also reached an agreement with United star Marcus Rashford to replace Mbappe in Paris. But the England international stayed put at Old Trafford. Mbappe has enjoyed a stellar campaign at PSG this season and has racked-up 31 goals and 22 assists in all competitions. His output has far exceeded that of his superstar team-mates Lionel Messi and Neymar. And his performances have helped his team build a 12-point lead at the top of the Ligue 1 table. JUST IN: Man Utd outcast Martial admits future is 'complicated' amid struggles  But the youngster was unable to prevent PSG blowing a two-goal aggregate advantage over Real Madrid in the last 16 of the Champions League last month as they went crashing out of the competition. Mbappe will be desperate for European success and has been widely tipped to move to the Bernabeu Stadium at the end of the campaign. But he might decide he fancies a move to the Premier League if United come to the table with an official offer. The Red Devils appeared to have built a squad that was capable of competing for silverware at the start of the campaign. But they have suffered a miserable season and have dropped to seventh in the Premier League table after exiting the Carabao Cup, FA Cup and Champions League in the early stages of each competition. DON'T MISS...Arsenal's new-look XI if Gabriel to Barcelona swap deal helps solve striker issueErik ten Hag planning Man Utd backroom staff team 'with three on shortlist'Villarreal ace Capoue rubs sult in Bayern boss Nagelsmann's wounds     Rashford, meanwhile, may have had more success this season had he opted to move to PSG. The forward has fallen out of favour under Ralf Rangnick and is no longer a guaranteed starter at Old Trafford. The 24-year-old has been linked with a move away from Manchester this summer and could yet end up in France if Mbappe embarks on a new challenge. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 