 Yesterday, Woods shot a one-under-par 71 at the Masters to mark an impressive return to competition after a life-threatening injury. Fourteen months ago he almost died in a car-crash just outside Los Angeles, and  subsequently feared that his leg might be amputated due to injury. However, on Tuesday, he caused a stir after announcing that he would feature in the Masters, and the 15-time major champion looked sharp on his first outing. The 2020 runner-up, Im Sung-jae, leads after a five-under 67. After playing his first competitive round in over 500 days Woods said: “There is a long way to go, it is a marathon, but it is nice to get off to a positive start.” Asked whether merely being able to compete felt like a victory due to the severity of his injuries, Woods said: “Yes. To see where I’ve been, to get from there to here, it was no easy task. “I’m very lucky to have this opportunity to be able to play and not only that, to play in the Masters and to have this type of reception. The place is electric.” Read More: Woods details arduous schedule to make Masters return after fine start  Woods is one of the most successful and respected golfers of all time having burst onto the scene in 1997 with a dominant win at The Masters aged just 21. Two years later, however, a feud is said to have begun with fellow golfing prodigy Sergio Garcia. When Woods claimed his second major, winning the PGA Championship at Medinah by one stroke, Garcia congratulated his rival with a hug. But as the pair competed, Garcia was seen shooting daggers at his rival, prompting Sports Illustrated senior writer Alan Shipnuck to write: “What was the most electric moment of Sunday’s back nine, anyway?  “Was it the mischievous glare Garcia gave Woods after making the long birdie putt at the par-three 13th, which announced the beginning of El Nino’s comeback?” In response Garcia said: “I did it with good feelings, not hoping he would make a triple bogey or whatever. I was kind of telling him: If you want to win you have to play well.” What appeared to have begun as playful competition soon soured. In 2000 the pair took part in a made-for-TV match dubbed the Battle of Bighorn, and when Garcia beat his rival he excessively celebrated which is said to have angered Woods. Don't Miss:Jon Rahm: Remarkable footage of 'greatest hole-in-one in history' [OPINION]Tiger Woods once fought back tears after remarkable comeback[INSIGHT]Ryder Cup hero Sergio Garcia delivered stinging assessment of Woods[ANALYSIS]  Another Sports Illustrated senior writer, Michael Bamberger, noted that Garcia had “celebrated as if he had won the California lottery”. Then, at the 2002 US Open at Bethpage Black, play was suspended in the second round due to heavy rain. Garcia grumbled to reporters at the time that if Woods, who was golf’s poster boy, had been on the course, play would have been called. Paired together in the final round, Woods shot 72 to Garcia’s 74 to take his second US Open trophy.  Four years later, they had another tense encounter at the Open when an emotional Woods, who was mourning the recent loss of his father, entered the final round a stroke ahead of Garcia, and proceeded to beat him by six shots. That day Garcia was dressed in a flashy yellow suit, and it is widely reported that Woods texted a friend after the victory saying: “I just bludgeoned Tweety Bird.” Just a few months later Garcia taunted Woods at the Ryder Cup, telling the US star that he would welcome playing him several times over the weekend because of his questionable record in the team event. He said: “Fortunately for us, [Woods] doesn’t have a great Ryder Cup record, so I’m looking forward to hopefully going out and meeting him two or three times.”  Then in 2013 Garcia and Woods’ feud took a dark turn after an accusation of racism. At the European Tour Players’ Awards dinner, Garcia said he would invite Woods over for “fried chicken” after the Players Championship. Garcia later apologised for the remark, stressing: “I answered a question that was clearly made towards me as a joke with a silly remark, but in no way was the comment meant in a racist manner.” Later that year Woods won the Players Championship.  Their feud reignited during the competition after Garcia complained that Woods had distracted him on the second hole, a claim disputed by the US athlete. When Woods was asked if he would clear the air with Garcia after claiming victory, he simply said: “No”. After Garcia was asked about Woods’ response at the 2013 PGA Championship at Wentworth, he laughed and said: “He doesn’t need me in his life, I do not need him in mine”. Both athletes compete at the Masters this week.