Manchester United icon Paul Scholes has recalled a recent conversation he had with Jesse Lingard where the latter admitted that the club's dressing room "is just a disaster". United have now lost back-to-back Premier League games for the third time this season following their disappointing 3-1 defeat to Arsenal on Saturday.  The loss to Arsenal may prove to be me the most costly though as their hopes of a top-four finish appear to have faded away. They're now six points adrift of the Gunners, who also hold a game in hand while Tottenham are three points ahead with two matches in hand. United's biggest worry now will be dropping out of the European places altogether with both West Ham and Wolves with a chance of climbing above them. This season promised plenty after last summer's transfer business which saw Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo arrive at Old Trafford. But Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's disastrous start to the campaign has not been revived by Ralf Rangnick with club legends such as Rio Ferdinand and Gary Neville far from impressed by the current state of the club. Scholes has now shared some inside information after a recent conversation he had with Lingard with the England international admitting the dressing room is a "disaster". JUST IN: Man Utd have a double act Ten Hag needs to upgrade on after Arsenal  “I had a quick chat with Jesse [Lingard] the other day," he said. "I’m sure he won’t mind me saying — the dressing room is just a disaster.” Lingard is unlikely to remain at Old Trafford beyond this season with his contract expiring in the summer. Erik ten Hag will be tasked with resolving United's broken dressing room when he takes charge at the end of the campaign. United announced an agreement had been reached with Ten Hag earlier this week and the current Ajax boss has already made it clear that he is looking to make changes when he arrives. DON'T MISS  “I make demands in advance before I arrive," he said. “If the club doesn’t grand them I won’t take the job. I am the one responsible, I am the one who will get judged by results. “I don’t want to be a ruler, I will work together, but having a say in transfers is a condition for me. “I think that with me in charge.. I made Ajax play the Ajax way. With always the intention to play great, and to play good. “With adventure and beauty. There is a bigger winning mentality here now.”  