Separately, Prince Andrew has been stripped of his Freedom of the City of York honour following a vote by councillors. Andrew was given the ambassadorial title a few months after his wedding to Sarah Ferguson — the day that the Queen bestowed upon him the Duke of York style. Councillors also called for him to relinquish his Dukedom in the wake of his out-of-court settlement with Virginia Roberts Giuffre in the US. Ms Giuffre had accused Andrew of sexual abuse when she was 17. Andrew has vehemently denied any wrongdoing and claimed he had no recollection of meeting Ms Giuffre — the recent settlement was not an admission of guilt. Having not been seen in the weeks following the settlement, the Duke made his first public appearance at his father, Prince Philip’s memorial service at the end of last month. He arrived on the arm of the Queen and the pair walked to the front of the Abbey together before taking their seats. His surprise role in the Service of Thanksgiving called into question whether Andrew had hopes of returning to public life. Now, one royal expert speculates that the Duke could be holding on “to what time he has left” to be a part of the fold. Kinsey Schofield, founder of LA-based royals site ToDiForDaily.com, told Express.co.uk: “A part of me wonders if he [Andrew] knows that Prince Charles is going to ascend to the throne within the next few years, and he knows that once that happens, he is completely out of the fold. “So he’s trying to just hold on to what time he has left. She added: “I feel like he knows that once Charles becomes king, in no way, shape or form, is he going to be included, so he has got to kick and scream his way into being involved in whatever he can while his mother is still alive to have sympathy for him.” Her Majesty and Andrew travelled back to Windsor together following the service. With the Duke living so close to his mother, it’s understood that he is one of her most frequent visitors. While Andrew is said to be the Queen’s favourite son, it has been reported that his relationship with his older brother is “estranged”. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: William 'predicted category 5 tantrum' [LIVE] Meghan and Harry urged to ease 'palpable tension' with Cambridges [INSIGHT] Prince Charles branded 'very selfish' by Meghan Markle biographer [REPORT] Appearing on GB News this morning, historian and broadcaster Rafe Heydel-Mankoo said: “Well, I think everyone knows full well that Prince Charles and Prince Andrew have had an estranged relationship for a long time. “And it is really only the Queen that is keeping him within palace boundaries.” Andrew’s role in Philip’s memorial was widely viewed as the monarch’s show of support for her son. It brought into question what role the Duke may play in the upcoming Platinum Jubilee celebrations. While no formal decision has been announced, it has been reported that royal aides are preparing as if Andrew, alongside Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle, will be a part of the royal events over the extended weekend. Traditionally, the Royal Family appear on Buckingham Palace balcony to watch the Trooping the Colour parade. Meghan and Harry were reportedly invited to join the family on the balcony after a secret meeting with the Queen earlier this month. However, Mr Heydel-Mankoo believes that “it would be a disaster to have Prince Andrew or indeed [Prince] Harry and Meghan [Markle] actually, for that matter, on the balcony. “This is supposed to be an occasion to celebrate the Queen’s 70-year reign. “All of the focus and attention would be on those three wayward royals.” The Duke of York is also reportedly planning to accompany the Queen to the Epsom Derby on June 4. A royal source told Express.co.uk earlier this month: “Prince Andrew does want to participate in the Platinum Jubilee celebrations and to be present at the St Paul’s Cathedral service of thanksgiving and to pay tribute to the Queen’s magnificent 70 years of public service. “The Prince and Queen do have a close bond. The Queen knows exactly what she is doing. She’s very much in charge."