Aries (Mar21/Apr20) You're full of energy and you want to channel this wisely. There are so many things you will find of interest and you are learning something new every day. You may not be turning apples into brandy but you will be using your skills in practical ways. Taurus (Apr21/May21) Someone from your past could make a sudden and unexpected reappearance. You may not have parted on good terms and if at some time you will have to meet you won't be sure how they are going react. If you are friendly, you can’t be blamed for any tension. Gemini (May22/June21) Be patient with people who are struggling to get messages to you. They can't be blamed because you do not receive an important piece of information in time. If you're hiring anyone to do repairs or renovations, approach reputable and reliable firms. Cancer (June22/July23) Mistakes have been made. Something important has been overlooked but it isn't too late to rectify the problem. Admit you were wrong and turn to someone who has the skills or qualifications to turn the situation round. READ MORE: Horoscopes & love: Leo to hold off with romantic actions Leo (July24/Aug23) As a Leo you appreciate your little luxuries. Still, you're doing your best, these days, to refrain from going mad and splashing out without thinking. You should feel proud of yourself for showing such amazing restraint. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) You and a romantic or business partner aren't seeing eye to eye over a long-term project. This has already been started. You cannot turn the clocks back as to pull out now would destroy everything that has been put into place.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) Your career horizon is starting to expand. A recent success has given your confidence a boost and your personality positively sparkles. If you're looking for work, update your cv and you will make a great first impression on a prospective employer. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) You won't have meant to have been drawn into a matter that means more to others than it does to you. Although you will have had no intention of getting involved, suddenly you will be giving this more and more attention.  Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) It will take firm words and assertive action to let people know they cannot force you into doing their bidding. Someone will try to manipulate you into doing something you don't want to do. Don't let them. All they want is to achieve something big at your expense. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) You will be under pressure to complete a task or meet a deadline as the week begins. If you are half of a duo, you will intend to spend quality moments with your partner to make up for all the time you've spent apart lately.  Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) A bargain you had felt good about when you found it will turn out to be worthless. Good feelings turn bad as you realise you've been ripped off but what is done is done. There's no point in crying over spilt milk and you will put this behind you.