Andrea McLean quit Loose Women after 13 years of presenting the daytime programme on ITV.  She announced her departure in November 2020, where she said at the time you "only get one life" and made the decision to take a chance. The 52-year-old explained at the time she was receiving messages from people telling her she was "brave" to leave her career behind during the middle of a pandemic. Her TV exit came when the country had been forced into lockdown following the coronavirus crisis. But for Andrea, it was the perfect time to reflect on her life and the trajectory of her outside business interests. The mum-of-two explained she was shocked to find people calling her "brave". READ MORE: Susanna Reid in 'terrible state' as Piers Morgan recalls GMB aftermath Since leaving the ITV show, Andrea has put time and money into developing the technology for her global business This Girl Is On Fire. In addition, she had released her book to accompany the self-help platform, This Girl Is on Fire: How to Live, Learn and Thrive in a Life You Love. Andrea confessed not everyone was convinced it was a safe move to leave behind her television career to pursue other areas. The presenter has since released another book, You Just Need To Believe It, where she gives readers more insight into her various projects and living life on their own terms.  She commented: "The reason I wrote it was because I had not long left Loose Women. "The newspapers and everyone was saying I was brave or contacted me to say, 'Oh your so brave. We're in the middle of a pandemic and you've pivoted a career and you've jumped and you've got no idea if you're going to land on your face. Your so brave.'" Andrea continued: "And I just kept thinking I'm not brave at all. I'm really scared. "I just feel that it's something that I need to do and I need to do it anyway even though I'm scared. And I realised not everyone feels that way and they let the fear stop them." DON'T MISS... James Corden breaks silence amid plans to move family back to UK[LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson apologises to Amazon's Jeff Bezos after mix-up[APOLOGY]Susanna Reid in 'terrible state' as Piers Morgan recalls GMB aftermath[EXCLUSIVE] She went on: "I lived years of my life letting fear stop me. "I understand how others feel whilst we all have our individual reasons to be afraid. "Whether it's our personal circumstances, things happening in our house, we're frightened of people's reactions to a decision we might make or something we want to do or too scared to try." "You can't wait for other people to change their behaviour but what you can change is how you react to it. And how you let it affect you. That's what I had to learn myself." Speaking about her latest book release, Andrea explained: "It's literally ten steps and I do it over ten days. It all begins with changing how you look at yourself and how you love yourself. "Because a lot of the reasons why we're so scared is we don't feel strong enough to face, whatever it is we're trying to face because we don't believe in ourselves." Andrea announced her decision to leave Loose Women during a live broadcast in 2020. You Just Need to Believe It: 10 Ways in 10 Days to Unlock Your Courage and Reclaim Your Power is out now.