Hollie Newton, chief creative officer at Sproutl has shared which gardening jobs Britons can do this weekend. The gardening expert exclusively told Express.co.uk that there are plenty of “simple things” gardeners can do now such as “cutting the grass”. She also said now is a good time to be clearing the garden of debris, twigs and anything else the wintery weather may have left in the garden. Hollie said once she’s cut the lawn and removed any debris, she then doesn’t feel as “overwhelmed”. The Sproutl gardening pro also shared several other tasks Britons could be getting on with in the garden now: Hollie said now is a good time to buy garden furniture and start planning the layout of outdoor areas. She said: “I think a lot of things you can do now is the ‘big stuff’. “How you bring the inside out and how you start to treat the garden as a room. READ MORE: Appliances to switch off before going on holiday - unplug toasters “This is the time to buy outdoor furniture. Everyone leaves it too late and then you go to buy it and it’s all sold out. “So right now, get outdoor furniture. “There’s lots of modern furniture now too. It used to just be rattan, but now there’s corner sofas, bistro sets, hanging egg chairs - there’s so much. “It doesn’t have to be a formal dining set, it can be very relaxed.” Hollie said now is also a good time to invest in the “fun stuff”. For those who don’t need to buy garden furniture or don’t have the budget to purchase new furniture this year, that means purchasing accessories like lanterns, lights and umbrellas. She said: “You don’t have to have professional lighting wired in, you can have lovely solar ones that you stick in the ground. DON'T MISSKill weeds on driveways and paths with boiling water [INSIGHT]Garden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay [UPDATE]Homes Under the Hammer: Couple spend £17k to boost bungalow value [ANALYSIS] “Even putting solar fairy lights around the garden. “So start thinking about that - and outdoor carpets!” Adding structure to a garden is key for those with larger gardens. Structure can create zones in a garden which have different purposes. There might be zones for relaxation, dining, vegetables, children and cut flowers. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Hollie said there’s more time to do those jobs now because there’s more light. She said: “Is there an area that needs a path? “Or if you want to have something like raised beds, now’s the time to build them. “Or, if you fancy an arch in the garden, now’s a great time to pop it in and then buy climbers. “Any of the structural stuff.” Paint is an affordable way to add a touch of colour and interest to a garden. Fences, sheds, arches and even old wooden furniture can all easily be painted.  Hollie said: “If you’ve got a shed that’s seen better days or even a new shed, if you paint them, they suddenly become a real feature in the garden.” Sproutl has recently launched Sproutl Collections which offers a simple solution to some of the most common gardening problems. Sproutl Collections draws from thousands of plants and pots on the site to offer customers a simple, curated choice to pick and mix from. Filters then help create bespoke solutions to help gardeners quickly select the perfect plant and pot combination for any location. Hollie said: "With daily lives transformed by the pandemic and more Britons continuing to work mainly from home in a hybrid manner, gardening has experienced its biggest boom ever with thousands of new people taking up gardening. “Our mission is to make gardening easy, and Sproutl Collections are designed to make anyone an instant gardening pro."