Saturday will mark the one year anniversary of Prince Philip’s death. The Duke of Edinburgh passed away at the age of 99 in April last year. He was just a couple of months away from celebrating his 100th birthday.  Prince Philip was Britain's longest-serving royal consort, supporting the Queen for 70 years after leaving active military service when Elizabeth ascended the throne in 1952. He was an imposing figure in the royal household and was known for voicing his opinions – controversial or not. A royal expert previously claimed that both the prince and the Queen expressed their views on Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge’s relationship ahead of their wedding. Camilla Tominey told the 2011 Amazon Prime documentary, ‘William and Kate: Into The Future’, that the pair put “pressure” on William to marry to avoid the “mistakes” of their sons. She said: “Clearly, it’s a little bit different for them [Kate and William], conducting a relationship in the full glare of the media and with all of the trappings that William’s life as second-in-line to the throne has and we understand that he may have had doubts. “Was Kate the one for him? Clearly he doesn’t want to make any mistakes like his father did before him. “There’s pressure on him from the Queen and Prince Philip because they don’t want any more divorces in the Royal Family.” Nearly 20 years before, Prince Charles and Princess Diana separated, having struggled through an incompatible pairing and extramarital affairs. That same year, Prince Andrew announced his separation from Sarah Ferguson. Four years later, in 1996, both couples divorced. According to Ms Tominey, William was careful not to make “any mistakes like his father did before him”. The Duke was first linked to Kate in 2001 when they were both studying at St Andrews University, but the couple did not get engaged until 2010. DON'T MISS:William's 'awkward laugh' gave royal feud away in throwback interview [INSIGHT]Prince Charles could welcome Meghan and Harry back into fold — expert [ANALYSIS]Kate and William's tour was not as 'seamless' as other royal visits [INTERVIEW] During this time, the lengthy wait Kate endured was picked up on and she was soon nicknamed “Waity Katie”. However, 12 years later, the long wait appeared to be worthwhile, as the couple have secured their positions in the Royal Family and have been branded the future of the monarchy. Over recent years, the Cambridges have steadily increased their workload, including representing the Queen on a number of engagements and foreign trips. Last week, they returned from a Royal Tour around the Caribbean’s Commonwealth nations. The trip was one of four being carried out by senior royals in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. However, the tour was met with backlash from locals after a series of PR blunders. Stepping into a more involved role, William called an emergency summit to respond to the issues they faced in the Caribbean. A senior palace source told the Daily Mirror soon after: “He [William] was keen to be heard and certainly thought there was a need to get ahead of the raft of negative headlines.  “He said he needed to make it clear that any of the Caribbean nations he had visited were totally free and completely supported in any decision they may make in the future to choose their own destiny. “But he wanted to go further than that which is why the Duke made special mention of the Commonwealth in his speech. “He’s been thinking about these issues for a long time and realises the role he occupies is increasingly important to be able to adapt in an ever-changing world.”