Today marks the day after Good Friday, and before Easter Sunday, and is often known as Great and Holy Saturday, the Great Sabbath and Easter Eve. It commemorates the Harrowing of Hell, a time when Jesus Christ's body lay in a tomb after his crucifixion the day before. According to the canonical gospels, Jesus was arrested and tried by the Sanhedrin, a Jewish judicial body, and then again by Pontius Pilate. Pilate would eventually sentence Jesus to be scourged, or more commonly known as lashed, before he was ordered to be crucified by the Romans. It is on Saturday, the day before his resurrection, that Jesus, some believe, was sent down to Hell, and went about bringing salvation to the souls which had been held captive there since the beginning of the world. The descent into Hell, or the world of the dead as it's also known, is referred to in the Apostles' Creed. It is alluded to in the New Testament in 1 Peter 4:6, which notes "good tidings were proclaimed to the dead". Writing for patheos.com last year, writer Philip Jenkins, author of The Many Faces of Christ: The Thousand-Year Story of the Survival and Influence of the Lost Gospels, noted how the story shows Jesus "breaking the gates of Hell" in order to "rescue the souls of the righteous who had died before their time". This, Mr Jenkins explained, included many of the influential figures in the Old Testament, including Adam. He wrote: "To do this, he had to confront and defeat the evil spiritual powers represented by Satan and Hades. "As he approached the gates, he proclaimed the words 'Attolite portas' – Lift up your gates! It is the war-cry of Christ’s advancing forces, taken from the words of Psalm 24.7-10. JUST IN: Jesus' crucifixion site questioned: 'Scripture uses different words' "And for a thousand years, these were among the very best-known of all the words attributed to Christ, from any gospel or any tradition. "There is a gorgeous sixteenth century musical setting here." Holy Saturday is celebrated by some Christians, including Catholic, Lutheran, Methodist and Anglicans by the Easter vigils. Daniel Burke, of Religion News Service, wrote a similar assessment of Holy Saturday for the Washington Post in 2012. DON'T MISS:Archaeologists once found 'evidence' of Pontius Pilate [INSIGHT]Archaeology: Ancient tomb provides Jesus crucifixion evidence [LATEST]Christ's crucifixion: Seven facts disprove 'absurd' Bible story [ANALYSIS] There he detailed how "the Catholic Church calls the descent 'the last phase of Jesus’ messianic mission,' during which he 'opened heaven’s gates for the just who had gone before him'." Yesterday marked Good Friday, the Friday before Easter Sunday, and a day when Christians the world over mark the death of Jesus Christ. Traditionally, Good Friday is the day Jesus was crucified for the sins of the world, and his death at Calbary. It is observed during Holy Week as part of the Paschal Triduum, the three days which commemorates Jesus' crucifixion, death and resurrections. Many Christians prepare for the three-day event by fasting for 40 days, as well as offering prayer. The passage of Easter is taught across the nation, with school children learning more about Jesus' life and message, particularly across the Bank Holiday. But what remains unknown is exactly what Jesus would have looked like were he alive today. For generations, in Western cultures, Jesus is often depicted as a bearded, fair-skinned man, who has blue eyes, along with long, light brown, or blond, hair. According to History.com last year, any description of Jesus' physicality has been left out of the Bible, but the evidence available suggests "he probably looked very different from how he has long been portrayed". This view was shared by Joan Taylor, a professor of Christian Origins and Second Temple Judaism at King's College London, who argued many of the traditional ideals of Jesus' appearance were likely way off the mark. Writing for the BBC in 2015, the author of The Essenes, the Scrolls and the Dead Sea, noted how to start with, Jesus' "facial features were Jewish", as he religious beliefs are "certain... and repeated in diverse literature, including in the letters of Paul". Ms Taylor cited the Letter to the Hebrews as confirmation of this, which states "it is clear that our Lord was descended from Judah". In 2001, the BBC, alongside forensic anthropologist Richard Neave, attempted to create a model of how a Galilean man might look from a skull which was unearthed in the region. As part of Son of God, a face was reconstructed to depict someone similar to how Jesus may have looked, and is different to others made from the same time period. Mark Goodacre, a historian from the University of Birmingham, noted on the show how Jesus' skin would have been "olive-coloured2 and "swarthy" from the research offered, a very different make-up to that often associated with Western imagery. The expert also argued that Jesus would have had "short, curly hair and a short cropped beard".