More than a quarter of the world’s wheat exports come from Russia and Ukraine, while the countries are also key suppliers of other staples including barley, sunflower seed oil and corn. But since Russia invaded its neighbour on February 24, these imports have been trapped in the region while an even larger proportion of the world’s fertilisers are stuck in Russia and Belarus.  Global food prices are skyrocketing as a result, with wheat prices increasing by over 50 percent since the start of the war. Aid organisations have warned that the crisis will push up hunger in the most fragile regions of the world that were already facing unprecedented levels of food insecurity. Earlier this month, director of the World Food Programme (WFP) David Beasley warned that the war threatened to create a food crisis on a scale never seen before. He said: “In a year when the world is already facing an unprecedented level of hunger, it’s just tragic to see hunger raising its head in what has long been the breadbasket of Europe.” “The bullets and bombs in Ukraine could take the global hunger crisis to levels beyond anything we’ve seen before.” Farming has been frozen across much of the country as it grapples with the Russian invasion, severely limiting food exports and driving up prices around the world. WFP’s Martin Penner told Express.co.uk: “Right now, farmers in Ukraine could be out in the fields planting grain for the harvest in the summer, but they’re not. They’re carrying guns and defending their towns and communities.” He added that, if the war continues for much longer, Ukrainian farmers will miss critical planting and harvesting seasons. He said: “If the war goes on for another few months into the summer then we're going to have serious problems, because apart from the seed planting that was supposed to be happening now there’s the harvesting that's supposed to be happening in July. “Farmers won’t be able to do it because they're involved in the conflict.” Countries that are heavily reliant on food imports are most at risk, including many nations in the Middle East and North Africa that are already grappling with severe food insecurity due to a combination of factors. Mr Penner explained: “The Middle East and North Africa region is going to struggle. “Frankly they’re already struggling, as this is a region where you’ve got conflict, the impact of climate change and the after effects of the Covid pandemic which has also depressed the economy. People are already struggling to feed themselves because of those factors. “Now you get this on top of all that. Many countries in the Middle East and North Africa rely on imports to feed their populations.” Mr Penner explained that many countries have already faced unprecedented food price increases in the past year. The cost of wheat has already grown by 47 percent in Lebanon, 15 percent in Libya and 11 percent in Yemen. READ MORE: Ukrainian children haunted by deadly horrors of Russian war  In Lebanon, Syria and Yemen, the average price of a basic food basket, which covers the minimum food needs of one family per month, is up by 351 percent, 97 percent and 81 percent respectively from last year. Sudan is also on the brink of disaster as a result of the conflict in Ukraine, which is exacerbating the already dire economic and humanitarian crises in the country. More than 87 percent of Sudan’s wheat imports are at risk, with Russia and Ukraine accounting for 80 percent and 7 percent of the country's wheat supplies respectively. The price of an average food basket in Sudan has already jumped by 700 per cent in the past two years. As a result of the war in Ukraine, WFP estimates that 20 million people - half of Sudan’s population - could face hunger by the end of this year. The charity Save the Children has warned that the poorest families will be hit the hardest. Arshad Malik, Save the Children’s country director for Sudan, told Express.co.uk: “Families experiencing high economic pressure and hunger are most likely to resort negative coping mechanisms, which include early marriages, domestic violence, and children might be forced to work in unsafe jobs in order to generate additional income for their families.  “Parents living in poverty will have to decide between paying for school or feeding the children.” The rises have crippled populations as countries struggle with conflict, insecurity and economic disaster. DON'T MISS:Ukraine war LIVE: Russian troops seize protesters [LIVE]Ukraine accused of attacking oil depot in Russia [LATEST]Germany left scrambling as Putin cuts off Gazprom gas supply [BREAKING]  Mr Penner said: “These aren’t countries that have strong economies and agricultural sectors able to deal with this. They are already relying heavily on aid so unfortunately it’s the most vulnerable and poorest that will feel the pinch the most.” He added: “They’re trying to import this food, prices are going up, they’re already struggling. It’s a catastrophe on top of a catastrophe.” The price hikes have left organisations struggling to support the most vulnerable people. The World Food Programme has already been forced to cut rations by 50 percent for eight million people in Yemen due to rising food prices driven up by the conflict in Ukraine. Mr Penner said: “When the dollars just aren’t there we have to cut rations. That has already happened in Yemen. “It’s a very difficult situation to have to make, but unless there’s a big shift in funding this year we’re going to have to do that again more and more.” Concerns are also rising for the situation facing Ukrainians in the country as ongoing fighting limits food supplies. Mr Penner said: “At the moment, from our remote assessments, we're saying that 45% of the population is genuinely worried about finding enough to eat. This is a country which used to grow food for over 400 million people, it’s the breadbasket in Europe. “In a country where there is so much food there are people queuing up in bread lines and needing support. It’s another conflict the world really did not need in terms of food security this year.”