Chelsea should appoint Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone as manager should Thomas Tuchel leave, according to former Blues defender Jason Cundy. The Argentine coach has once again found himself in the headlines after his side crashed out of the Champions League following a chaotic clash with Manchester City.  Atletico exited Europe on Wednesday night as a goalless stalemate with City in the Spanish capital saw Pep Guardiola's side progress to the competition's semi-finals thanks to Kevin De Bruyne's decisive strike last week. Simeone's side crashed out under a cloud of controversy as Felipe's reckless lashing out at Phil Foden saw the defender sent off as a mass brawl was sparked. Tempers then continued to boil over in the tunnel as former City centre-back Stefan Savic chased after Jack Grealish, having previously pulled his hair and head-butted Raheem Sterling amid the melee. Many saw Atletico's antics as symbolic of Simone's approach to the game. The Argentine manager has developed a reputation for instilling a combative style within his side and his antagonistic approach has seen him involved in various flash-points over the years. However, despite Simeone being regarded as one of the game's most confrontational characters, ex-Chelsea defender Cundy believes the Atletico boss would be the perfect successor to Tuchel at his former club. READ MORE: Del Piero explains what he told Modric after Real vs Chelsea clash  Discussing the Atletico manager following Wednesday night's fallout, Cundy told talkSPORT: “If Simeone rocked up at Chelsea, he is perfect. He is absolutely perfect for us. “Honestly, if Tuchel goes for whatever reason in the next two or three years and Simeone rocks up…ohhh. I would love to see Simeone in the Premier League, love to see it. "We’d be the most hated club in the world again! Who cares? We’ve been hated for the last 15 or 20 years!” DON'T MISS: Chelsea quartet proved they have future under Thomas Tuchel (ANALYSIS)Fabregas explains why Chelsea are 'blessed' despite Real Madrid defeat (INSIGHT)Chelsea stat shows they should have beaten Real Madrid to reach semis (NEWS)  Simeone has overseen a remarkable rise at Atletico since being appointed back in 2011. The 51-year-old has guided the Spanish side to multiple trophy triumphs, including two La Liga crowns and two Europa League successes. The Argentine has also steered his side to two Champions League finals, however both ended in defeat at the hands of fierce city rivals Real Madrid. Simeone has been linked with number Premier League jobs in the past, with many keen to see how he and his dogged style would fare in England's top flight.  