Darwin Nunez has his sights set on another club despite heavy interest in his services from Manchester United, Arsenal and Chelsea. Atletico Madrid are also keen on the Benfica striker. United, Arsenal and Chelsea could see their efforts to sign Nunez from Benfica scuppered before they even try. Atletico Madrid are also interested in the forward and are ahead in the race. All three Premier League clubs are desperate to sign a striker in the summer for a variety of reasons. With a lack of top-class options being available, scouts have been out in action across the lesser leagues. And Nunez has been identified by some of the biggest clubs in the Premier League as the potential answer after a fantastic season with Benfica. The Uruguay international has scored 31 times in 36 matches - including five in the Champions League. The 22-year-old's latest strike came against Liverpool in their first leg encounter in Europe after some brilliant control following Ibrahima Konate's mistake. His majestic first touch allowed him to calmly slot past Alisson and it is his composure in the box that has impressed clubs. However, a move to the Premier League might be off the cards as Atletico Madrid are fully in the race. Diego Simeone is also chasing a striker while the club have a rich history of turning young prospects into superstars - such as Sergio Aguero, Fernando Torres and Falcao. According to Mundo Deportivo, Nunez has three good reasons to turn his nose up at United, Arsenal and Chelsea for Atletico. The first is because of his agent, Jorge Mendes. The Portuguese representative has a close relationship with Atletico where he has sent a number of his players in the past. The club itself is a factor where Uruguay legends have played before including Luis Suarez - who remains at the club - and Diego Forlan. And finally, Atletico and Benfica have a special bond as well where players have often been moved to and from - and Nunez could be the latest. The Wanda Metropolitano outfit have also extensively scouted the striker since his days at Almeira in 2019 after he scored 16 times in the Segunda Division.