A member of the Ukrainian Parliament has claimed Russia deliberately targeted civilians named on a Russian hit list. Andrii Osadchuk confirmed that the murder of Ukrainian civilians was “absolutely intended, coordinated and planned” by the Russian military. Mr Osadchuk explained he had received information that Russian forces had been operating from a list of named targets when slaughtering civilians in the city of Bucha.  Russian soldiers were “searching for specific people” in areas under siege, declared Osadchuk. Mr Osadchuk told CNN: “I’ve gathered information from Ukraine intelligence that Russia had a list of people they were searching for." The representative of the Ukrainian Parliament was adamant Russian forces had planned and prepared to attack civilians as part of their brutal invasion. He insisted “it was a very well-organised process of killing civilians in Bucha.” Russian military leaders continue to deny the evidence of mass civilian casualties emerging from Bucha as international powers accuse Putin of genocide. Speaking of the aims of Ukrainian forces, Osadchuk outlined how military leaders are focused on “finishing this war”. However, he highlighted the crimes in Bucha would not be overlooked as Ukraine will push for charges against “everyone responsible for war crimes in Ukraine.” He added: “We will not rest until justice is done.” Ukraine leaders remain persistent in their demand for tougher action against Putin’s forces as further evidence of Russian war crimes continues to come to light. Read more: Putin 'going for broke' as leader 'has lost touch with reality' Graphic footage has been published from the city of Bucha, an area close to the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv, as Russian troops withdrew from the territory. The video and photographs of the scene show dead civilians with hands tied behind their backs and some bodies clearly burnt lying on the street of the city. In an address to the United Nations, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky announced the brutal murders should be considered a Russian war crime. Horrifying footage of Bucha was shown to the UN Assembly as Zelensky urged the global nations to take drastic action against Putin’s forces. Don't miss:Putin keeping family details secret for 'dark reason'  [INSIGHT]Support for higher energy bills to cut off Russia [POLL]Reporter attacked by Russia in Kyiv breaks silence [REVEAL] Russia continues to deny Ukrainian claims of genocide and denounces the accusations as a complete fabrication. Despite the Russian denial, since the footage of Bucha has been released, the UN has voted to suspend Russia from the Human Rights Council. The EU and the US have also announced stricter sanctions are to be imposed against Russia, blocking leading Russian banks and naming Putin’s daughters, among other Russian oligarchs, to be restricted. As the conflict continues, the International Criminal Court has yet to determine if Russian actions in Bucha constitute a war crime.