Tourism is at all-time high in Spain, with Britons outnumbering the Spanish in Benidorm for the first time since the start of the pandemic. Hoteliers are currently experiencing exceptional business and look forward to a prosperous Easter and summer. They are also hopeful that the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine will not impact reservations in Benidorm. Toni Mayor, president of Hosbec, which stands for Benidorm, Costa Blanca and Valencia Region Hotel Association, believes that things are looking up for tourism in Benidorm. "The hotel sector faces the prelude to Holy Week with good data. READ MORE: "Despite the fact that the weather has not been on our side in recent days, the truth is that one more step has been taken in the tourist recovery and practically all destinations are at maximum data since the start of the pandemic." British people are to be credited for this surge in hotel bookings and visits to the Spanish town. He continued: "The British have already taken the lead in Benidorm, surpassing Spanish tourists in market share for the first time, a fact that has not been seen since the start of the pandemic and confirms the good forecasts that the sector has handled since the sixth wave of the pandemic was controlled." The tourist industry almost heeded to a standstill for periods of the last two years. However, it has almost made a return to its pre-Covid figures. The hotel plant is practically 100 percent operational in Valencia and Costa Blanca, while in Benidorm and Castellón it is close to 90 percent. At a time when the economy is expected to take a hit, Mayor assured people that tourism in Benidorm was not suffering. He stated: "At the moment the war in Ukraine is not affecting hotel reservations in negative terms. "On the international side, Spain is considered a safe destination in the European environment with no restrictions or difficulties for the arrival of tourists." The war may, however, spell trouble for tourism within Eastern Europe. Samed Kizgin, a travel security expert, told DW: "Tourism in the region has been hobbled for years because the Ukraine conflict has been brewing for a long time and people knew that at some point there would be a big blowout." This may urge travellers to flock to countries that do not neighbour the conflict. Mayor continued: "And on the part of the domestic market, the war is causing a new postponement of vacations outside the country and many consumers are once again choosing nearby destinations for their next vacations." The figures suggest that tourism is growing gradually week by week. In Benidorm, the week beginning March 28 left an average hotel occupancy of 68.9 percent in Benidorm. This exceeded the data for the previous week by 2.4 percentage points. March closed with an average occupancy of 67.5 percent. Within the international market, British tourists have emerged as the leaders, making up 44.6 percent of tourists. This is followed by the Belgian and Dutch markets with 2.7 percent and 2.5 percent, respectively. The rest of the markets show lower shares below one percent. As the UK experiences rainy weather over the Easter period, it is unsurprising that Britons are flocking to sunny Benidorm, where this week the town is predicted to reach highs of 21 degrees. British Twitter user @IreneInBenidorm snapped a picture of bustling Benidorm with tourists shirtless and enjoying the sun, with one man waving his arms in the air in excitement. She captioned it: "This is how busy it is." East Yorkshireman Dave Clark replied: "Yay. NO central heating being cranked up there. I've missed my drinking shorts." Additional reporting by Rita Sobat.