Mercedes have a car that's “not quick enough” according to Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff’s wife Susie. Susie warns the car has a “lot of potential in it” once the issues have been resolved. However, she claims it was “no easy feat” with a lack of testing for teams this season. Speaking to F1’s Beyond the Grid podcast, she said: “I'm not in the engineering team but obviously I follow from a little distance. “In the end, we’ve come out of it with a car that's not quick enough. I think we all know the car has got a lot of potential in it, we’ve just got to unlock that potential and that’s no easy feat with the limited testing you now have. “Literally every race is like a test but I absolutely believe in the organisation. I believe in the people, these people have won eight world titles, they don't suddenly get it wrong or not know what to do.” READ MORE: Toto Wolff slams 'unacceptable' Mercedes performances Wolff, who is a racing driver team owner in her own right at Rokit Venturi Formula E team, was the last female driver to participate in F1 on a Grand Prix weekend. She had a run-out in Friday practice at Silverstone in 2014 and has been a voice for more female participation in motorsport through her Dare to be Different campaign. Mercedes’ struggles were evident from pre-season testing with many claiming the team was only hiding their true pace. However, the German manufacturer was trumped at Bahrain with Hamilton only securing a podium after both Red Bull’s retired. The Silver Arrows struggled for pace again in Saudi Arabia with Hamilton only picking up one point for tenth. It has left Hamilton almost 30 points behind championship leader Charles Leclerc but the team are still second in the constructor's standings. DON'T MISSRed Bull’s pre-season recruitment created 'difficulties' for Mercedes  [INSIGHT]F1 chief Rob Smedley eases Lewis Hamilton fears with clear warning [ANALYSIS]Verstappen branded 'most gifted' in F1 by Hamilton's old team-mate [COMMENT] After Jeddah, Toto Wolff warned the team would not stop working until they were back in the mix. He added: “The overall picture is sobering, and it’s clear that we need to continue working hard if we wish to deliver a stronger performance in Melbourne." Andrew Shovlin, trackside engineering director at Mercedes also warned the team faced a tough next few months. He said: “We have an enormous challenge ahead of us, but over the last eight years the team has been able to get on top of every performance issue that we have faced. We've been able to do that because we have so many talented and dedicated people in the team both in Brackley and Brixworth. “We certainly have our work cut out over the next weekser and months but we are more determined than ever to get ourselves back fighting at the front.”