Princess Anne, 71, has often been praised for her no-nonsense attitude, and her appearance at the memorial service on Tuesday did not disappoint. When leaving Westminster Abbey, Anne and her husband Timothy Laurence were in front of Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie and their respective husbands, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and Jack Brooksbank. Although Timothy makes the effort to talk to the Princesses, Anne appears to want to keep walking forward and not engage in the conversation.  Judi James, a professional body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse their body language. “There’s been speculation that Princess Anne appears to ‘cut’ her nieces Beatrice and Eugenie here, while her husband Timothy steps back to speak to them, but the body language looks harsher than it was in reality,” Judi claimed. “Beatrice and Eugenie both looked rather tense when they emerged from their car with their husbands. “The way they held their bags with both hands in front of their torsos in a mirrored barrier gesture suggested they were braced for the emotional tsunami that was waiting for them inside the Abbey.”  READ MORE: Body language signs Princess Eugenie is not ‘Team Cambridge’ The sisters were just behind Princess Anne when arriving to the Abbey, and also when leaving at the end. Judi continued: “While Anne and Tim worked their way up the line of clergy and young people, Beatrice and Eugenie seemed to push forward too quickly, meaning they met up with Anne in front. “Anne was busy doing meet and greets and, with other royals following in order, might have felt there was no time for stopping to chat. “She did lean back to smile and use eye contact with them once she had finished though.  “Her facial expression then suggested she was swapping a few funny lines to try to break any tension.” Royal fans took to Twitter to express an opinion on the exchange. Twitter user @Deannazan1 said: “It genuinely looks like Anne only looked at Eugenie and walked away. “I think she just got bunched into the cold shoulder.”  Another Twitter user @tbearcurry1 asked: “Did she just snub the York sisters?” Royal watcher @juliewi50263850 commented saying: “Omg, she ignored those two, didn't she?” Princess Beatrice was particularly emotional during the service for her late grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh. Following the service's opening hymn, Beatrice was overcome with emotion and took a tissue from her bag to wipe her tears.  The 33-year-old was seen covering her face with her hymn sheet after watching the Queen arrive at Westminster Abbey. The service recognised Prince Philip's legacy in creating opportunities for young people, supporting the armed forces and promoting environmental stewardship and conservation. Prince Charles and Camilla, Prince William and Kate Middleton, and the Earl and Countess of Wessex along with their teenage children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn were also there. The Queen, who was actively involved in the plans for Tuesday's memorial, attended the thanksgiving event despite recent reports she may not be well enough to travel to London. 