A capacity crowd of 95,000 fans is expected to be in attendance for Tyson Fury's Wembley showdown with 28-2 Dillian Whyte on Saturday. After a triumphant trilogy against Deontay Wilder, the 'Gypsy King' is running out of realistic challengers to the throne. Victory over 'The Body Snatcher' would remove another of the top heavyweight contenders as Fury puts his WBC and The Ring titles on the line in London. Express Sport examines the possible routes 31-0-1 Fury could take after Saturday's clash, including one British bout the boxing public are desperate to see. Usyk or Joshua? The heavyweight landscape would look a lot different had Anthony Joshua (24-2) not suffered a shocking unanimous-decision defeat to Oleksandr Usyk (19-0) in October. As it is, however, that duo are now set to face off in a rematch as 'AJ' looks to reclaim his IBF, WBO, IBO and WBA (Super) titles. Matchroom promoter Eddie Hearn told talkSPORT earlier this month that fight is "100 per cent" agreed and will probably take place in July. It looks most likely the winner of Joshua vs. Usyk 2 will then face Fury in an eliminator to become the unified champion, and that's the fixture promoters know will garner by far the most attention. READ MORE Fury vs Whyte live stream: How to watch WBC heavyweight fight Whyte rematch Whyte, 34, is only fighting Fury this weekend due to him being the mandatory challenger for the WBC belt. However, even after settling for a 20 per cent split of the purse, a payday worth £8million at a bare minimum isn't a bad night's work. It's worth even more to The Body Snatcher if he surprises Fury by handing him his first loss in 33 fights, however, not least because it would set the stage for a second go-around. Whyte's knockout power means he'll always have a puncher's chance—even against the world's No 1 heavyweight—but a rematch looks improbable heading to Wembley. DON'T MISSTyson Fury's wife appears unfazed by 'cheater' confession – 'Had sex with 500 women'Fury fight time tonight: What time is Tyson Fury vs Dillian Whyte? Ring walks confirmedTyson Fury v Dillian Whyte fight predictions: What Chisora, Parker and Hatton have said   Joseph Parker Provided Fury does beat Whyte and is left waiting until the time is right to face Joshua or Usyk, team-mate Joseph Parker could make for a worthwhile placeholder in the interim. New Zealand native Parker (30-2) revealed this week that he's the replacement fighter if either Fury or Whyte were to suffer injury at the last minute, backing himself to beat his stable-mate if it came to that. Those were fiery words than the ones he delivered in February, when Parker suggested he would "never fight" Fury, whom he sees as a brother figure. Looking further afield, someone like Derek Chisora—whom Fury stopped in the 10th round when they first met in 2014—could make for an alternative, though Fury may prefer to retire rather than fight someone outside the top-10 rankings. The Gypsy King has teased the idea of hanging up his gloves following his clash against Whyte, though those plans appear to be shelved—at least for the time being—after Fury more recently said he has "a couple of fights left."