Eden Hazard's record has been beaten by Son Heung-min in 20 games less, as the Tottenham star scored a fabulous hat-trick during a 4-0 win over Aston Villa. Spurs are now in the driving seat for a top-four finish, as Harry Kane and Son continue to combine to great effect. Tottenham star Son Heung-min has surpassed Eden Hazard's goalscoring record at Chelsea in 20 less games after the South Korean scored a hat-trick in a 4-0 win against Aston Villa. It's taken Son just 225 games to reach a tally of 85 goals, although he extended his count to 87 following his trio of goals against Villa. And this saw him surpass Hazard's record. It took the Belgian 245 games to achieve the same haul for the Blues. Hazard may have recorded nine more assists than Son (54), but Son is clear in terms of goalscoring. He is enjoying another incredible season at Tottenham, whereas Hazard continues to suffer a nightmare stint at Real Madrid after leaving Chelsea back in 2019.  JUST IN: Arsenal boss Arteta appears to blame his own players for 'sloppy' loss The Premier League's most clinical duo were at it again on Saturday as Harry Kane assisted Son on two occasions, adding to their lead as the most dominant partnership in league history. Didier Drogba and Frank Lampard previously held the record for directly assisting one another (36), but this has since been surpassed by Son and Kane. The record was matched back in February, and they are now sitting on 40 direct goal contributions between the pair, as their relationship continues to shock the Premier League. It seems as though their relationship continues off the field too, as the pair are often extremely complimentary about one another in interviews. Son said last month: "What can I say more about Harry? I think any compliment, I’m gone, I can’t say any more words about him. You can say ‘superb’. You can say ‘phenomenal’. It’s not enough for me.  READ MORE: Ferdinand spills text conversation with Lampard before Everton win "I’ve played together with him for a long time and I’m still looking at him and thinking, ‘Wow, this is unbelievable’, you know? So I think the words are not enough for me. He’s just an unreal player. I’m really happy to work with him every day and playing together is a big honour." And Kane is also just of fond of his attacking partner, as he said after they broke the combined record: "We’ve being playing with each now for a long long time, we just understand each others games well. When I drop deep, Sonny knows where to run and hopefully I’m able to put him in. We enjoy playing together." Tottenham and Chelsea remain bitter London rivals, and Blues fans won't like seeing Son's stat in comparison to Hazard, a player who was so loved at Stamford Bridge. And perhaps the Belgian shouldn't have been so eager to leave the club, as he has suffered a dramatic turn of form since arriving at Madrid.  Madrid spent more than £100million to sign the star back in 2019, and the Belgian was tipped to push for the Ballon d'Or award at some point during his career. But he has only managed six goals in the last three seasons as injury issues continue to plague his move to Los Blancos. And with his wage bill so high, Madrid are keen to offload the star, and recent reports have suggested that Arsenal are interested in bringing the star back to London. That's according French outlet Foot Mercato, who say the Gunners are thinking about bringing the former Chelsea star to the Emirates on loan this summer. The report continues to say that Arsenal met with his representatives to discuss a possible deal, as a rescue mission has begun. But the news has received a mixed reaction from Gunners fans, as Arsenal have a track record of signing old Chelsea stars.  The signing of Willian couldn't have gone much worse, and the pair parted ways this summer, and the capture of David Luiz ended in a similarly sour taste. Petr Cech proved to be a better signing, but the general feeling around the club is that Arsenal should target new stars rather than bid for players coming to the end of their careers. But Hazard is only 31, and if Arsenal could bring back his previous form then they would have a world-class winger at their disposal. But with Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli performing so well, they may be hesitant to disrupt their progression. Regardless of Arsenal's position, Hazard is expected to leave Madrid this summer, and Newcastle have been listed as an alternate destination to revive his career. And it's likely they'll be willing to offer higher wages for the Belgian, with finances not an issue on Tyneside. 