Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu shared the video of the off duty officer who stepped in to stop "kids being robbed at knifepoint". The officer held the young man to the ground as an onlooker pointed out he is an off duty police officer. Dr Shola wrote on Twitter: "The shock I got while driving to see a man grab a white boy from his neck off his bicycle and struggling forcefully with him. "Got out to try to stop it/make sure the boy was OK. "It was an off duty police officer-he said the boy had a knife and had threatened other kids." Commander Karen Findlay Major Operations also said: "Bravery. Courage. Never off duty. The only focus in this is protecting the public, selfless re-own safety to stop kids from being robbed at knifepoint. "That's the ONLY message. Help your officers keep young people safe. The young man who assisted fantastic job." READ MORE: Bury St Edmunds: Man dead, woman fighting for life after attack The video has since been viewed 282,000 times on Twitter. Brian William wrote: "There is no 'off duty' anymore." Steve Carroll added: "Great job and well done that lad who assisted proving he was a police officer. Never off duty." It comes as Sadiq Khan has said he understands the anger Amir Khan felt towards him after the sportsman's £70,000 watch was stolen in east London. The former boxing world champion, 35, said he and his wife Faryal were robbed at gunpoint by two men in Leyton earlier this week. Khan criticised the London mayor for failing to tackle crime in the capital, urging him to "pull his finger out". Speaking at a St George's Day event in Trafalgar Square, Sadiq Khan told the PA news agency: "He's in my thoughts, it must have been really scary for him. "What's really important is of course, if anybody knows anything about who robbed Amir Khan of his watch, they contact the police or contact Crimestoppers anonymously. DON'T MISS Home Office worker 'laced pregnant lover’s drink with abortion drug' [INSIGHT]Dad 'stabs burglar to death' after watching him raid home on doorbell [ANALYSIS]Bermondsey murder: Hospital worker with cancer among four victims [VIDEO] "It's no consolation to Amir Khan that violent crime has been going down in our city over the last few years." He added: "I understand he was petrified, he was scared, it's really important to understand and have empathy with the victims of crime. "As the mayor I speak to victims of crime on a regular basis and it is really distressing when you've been robbed and I understand his anger, I understand his fear." The Metropolitan Police has asked the public for any information about the "easily" recognisable custom-made Franck Muller timepiece. Officers were called at just after 9pm on Monday to High Road. They said no shots were fired and nobody was injured in the attack.