Antiques Roadshow visited the Bishop’s Palace, a site of special religious significance, in Somerset for a recent instalment of the BBC programme. During the episode, expert Alexandra Aguilar was presented with a tiny wooden frog and iron handguard by a guest. After valuing the Japanese items, the guest firmly stated "they'll stay in the family" and refused to sell them. Alexandra began: "I guess the obvious question here is, do you like frogs?" The guest laughed and admitted she does have a fondness for the amphibian. Alexandra thought the two frogs on the ornament and the iron handguard were "really lovely" and wondered where the guest got the two pieces from. The guest believed they were bought by her grandfather which she showed Alexandrea a photograph of.  READ MORE: Blue Bloods' Abigail Hawk left in hysterics at season 13 renewal video  "He went to Japan, we believe in 1909, to teach English at this place which I cannot pronounce," the guest admitted. The school was in Kanazawa and he eventually went on to teach at the Imperial University in Tokyo. "He was a professor of English and he was given the Order of the Rising Sun by the Emperor of Japan for his services to education," she proudly explained. When asked what the tiny frog ornament was, she told Alexandra she thought it was a netsuke.   Explaining what a netsuke was, Alexandra said: "They are small toggles and they started being made in the late 17th Century and actually I am wearing one now. "They were used to carry small items. So the netsuke would counterbalance the weight of an inro which is a small box. "Men, in particular, would use these to carry pills, coins and other small things. "I believe the netsuke was probably purchased in Japan in the late 19th Century." DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest gobsmacked over valuation of rare vase [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow guest asks to 'sit down' after staggering profit  [MUST SEE]Antiques Roadshow guest in awe over £4 charity shop frame valuation  [LATEST] Alexandra was then presented with the second item which was a rounded iron object the guest thought belonged on a sword to protect a person's hand. "You're right, it's called a tsuba in Japanese and it is a handguard which would have been mounted on a blade," the expert explained. "It's also an interesting thing and they are often made of iron and this one is iron but we also have some gold, some silver and probably an alloy called shakudo." While she appreciated the craftsmanship of the handguard, she told the guest the frogs would fetch more at auction.  Alexandra said: "They want wooden items, and so I think [the frog ornament] would probably sell between £500 and £800. "The tsuba, on the other hand, is not fantastic at the moment." However, she informed the guest it was probably worth between £400 and £600. The guest replied: "Well that is still lovely, but they are in the family so they'll stay in the family because we haven't got much so we will keep it." Antiques Roadshow episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 