Aston Villa's hopes of keeping Philippe Coutinho on a permanent basis are at serious risk according to reports. The Daily Star say his wages are a huge issue for the club. It is unclear as to what will come next for Coutinho if he does not join Villa on a long-term basis given that he is surplus to requirements at Barcelona. Express Sport takes a look at five Premier League clubs who could well come in for the Brazilian star. Tottenham Spurs boss Antonio Conte will look to bolster his squad and especially if they manage to qualify for the Champions League over Manchester United and Arsenal. If they do finish fourth, fringe players such as Steven Bergwijn and Lucas Moura may have to be upgraded if they are to stand a chance of really improving under the Italian. With the on-loan Dejan Kulusevski impressing and expected to be signed permanently, Coutinho could be signed to complete a frightening front four alongside Harry Kane and Son Heung-min. Arsenal Arsenal are in dire need of attacking reinforcements after a run of three straight losses in the Premier League to mid-table opposition. The Gunners will currently have no striker next season if they do not sanction contracts for Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah, meaning Gabriel Martinelli could well be asked to become their star man up front. If that does happen, there will be a free position on the left-hand side of the attack - with Coutinho more than capable of filling that role.  Newcastle Newcastle seem to be linked with every single player in Europe at the moment given their transfer budget ahead of the new season, although it remains to be seen who they will sign. With Bruno Guimaraes and Joelinton starring for the Magpies this season, Newcastle could match Coutinho's wage demands and add to their growing Brazilian contingent. Coutinho's ability to play in several roles in Eddie Howe's attacking team would surely serve the Magpies well. West Ham Coutinho may not be West Ham's first choice this summer, although his availability could see him move to the capital. Liverpool may potentially bid for Jarrod Bowen in the summer, and losing Bowen would leave a space at the heart of the Hammers' attack. And with the club likely to qualify for European football once again, the Hammers could persuade Coutinho to make a move to the capital. Liverpool Coutinho moved from Liverpool to Barcelona in January 2018 for a fee of around £105million, rising to £142m, in what remains the record sale of a Premier League player. A move to rejoin Liverpool Jurgen Klopp could well happen if Coutinho moved on from the Nou Camp, although it is hard to see that happening given that the Reds have signed Luis Diaz recently and boast a strong attack already. But with Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane's contracts up in 2023, it is certainly a situation to keep an eye on.