The General Secretary of The Free Speech Union told GB News host Dan Wootton that Mr Johnson had been caught “bang to rights” breaking his own lockdown laws so it would be “politically impossible” for him to impose further restrictions as he would be seen as a “screaming hypocrite”. Mr Young, author of the lockdown sceptics blog, also argued that if Mr Johnson was replaced it was a “guarantee” that his successor would be more of a “lockdown hawk” than him.  He said: “Because Boris has now been caught bang to rights refusing to comply with the lockdown rules it makes it politically impossible for him to ask the rest of us to comply with those rules again. “He would just look like such a screaming hypocrite if he tried to put the country back into lockdown. “If he imposed any more lockdown restrictions when he has been busted for breaking those restrictions himself. “He can’t now ask the country to observe laws that we now know he himself didn’t observe, so that’s reason number one.   “Reason number two is you know if he was replaced I think you can guarantee that whoever replaced him would be more of a lockdown hawk than him. “If it was Jeremy Hunt, for instance, we’d all be locking down again tomorrow.” At this point Dan Wootton interjected laughing about the very thought. He said: “I can’t cope with that thought. That’s going to give me nightmares.” READ MORE: Is your MP supporting Boris? Full list of MPs backing the PM   Mr Young continued praising Mr Johnson for going ahead with the end of most coronavirus restrictions on July 19 despite the “usual doom mongers” and it might be better for him to stay in Number 10 to prevent further lockdowns as “better the devil you know”. He told the GB News host: “To give Boris some credit he did lift all the restrictions on July 19 last year, freedom day. “In spite of being warned by all the usual doom mongers that it would produce an apocalyptic level of infections and hospitalisations and deaths. “He ignored those warnings, quite rightly as it turned out, and stuck to his guns. DON'T MISS:  Andrew Neil tears apart Macron's bizarre 'brotherly love' Putin stance [REVEAL] Kay Burley slams calls for Boris to resign 'Working to get a vaccine'  [INSIGHT] Brexit: EU rules to replace UK law in 'extremely concerning' blow [SPOTLIGHT] “He was told he needed to reimpose restrictions in a much bigger way than he did over Christmas. “He was told to essentially put us into a fourth lockdown by all the same doom mongers that warned him not to lift the restrictions on July 19. “All the same apocalyptic predictions, once again he ignored them. “Once again he was proved right to ignore them and now I think he has the confidence to ignore them in future. Which is why he’s embraced this living with Covid strategy. “So I think we need to give him our support at this critical time, difficult though it is, because better the devil you know.” 