Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick could decide to start Red Devils starlet Hannibal Mejbri in midfield against Norwich City on Saturday, according to reports. The 19-year-old is widely regarded as one of United's best academy talents and may be given the opportunity to catch the eye of incoming boss Erik ten Hag by featuring against the Canaries at Old Trafford from the first whistle. Hannibal will be named as part of United's matchday squad for the visit of Norwich, who will be hoping to upset the odds in order to revive their slim hopes of Premier League survival between now and the end of the season. The midfielder may even be given a major opportunity to impress due to the number of first-team injuries in Rangnick's squad, according to UtdDistrict.Scott McTominay and Fred will be unavailable for United this weekend as both players continue to recover from their respective injury setbacks. The situation will leave Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic and Hannibal as Rangnick's only three options to start in the holding midfield area against Norwich and suggests that the latter could be handed a rare chance to shine in order to provide Ten Hag with some food for thought ahead of next season.Neither Pogba nor Matic are expected to stay at United after the end of the current campaign, with both players set to leave when their contracts expire in June. Matic has already confirmed that he will be walking away from the club in the summer months, while Pogba has failed to agree a new deal and is said to be weighing up the idea of a post-season move elsewhere. JUST IN: Man Utd target Darwin Nunez ‘open to Premier League move’ It remains to be seen whether the stars will align for Hannibal if he is given the opportunity to shine against Norwich with a debut Premier League start. He made his first appearance for United on the final day of last season and has since gained plenty of first-team experience on the international stage with Tunisia while impressing for the Red Devils at youth level.Hannibal has chipped in with a goal and two assists for United in Premier League 2 this season and played against senior opposition in Lincoln City in the Papa John's Trophy earlier in the campaign. He has already underlined his desire to keep working hard in order to earn his breakthrough chance in United's first-team by continuing to develop on an upward trajectory. "Since the beginning, it’s been the biggest club in the world to me," Hannibal recently told Versus. "That meant something crazy. But when I went to the national team with Tunisia and everyone was asking about it, and saying: 'You play for United!', you realise just how big it is."We all know the story of Manchester United bringing young players into the first team, we know they have made history with it, with the likes of Beckham, Paul Scholes and George Best. Everyone knows it can happen at any moment so we’re ready for it."All of the youth academy players, not just some of us. We work hard and wait for our moment, we know it’ll come." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here