Ulrika Jonsson, 54, said that she sympathises with Countryfile presenter Helen Skelton, 38, after the breakdown of her marriage to rugby player Richie Myler, 31. In a heartbreaking Instagram she shared earlier this week, Helen confirmed that Richie had ”left the family home” after eight years of marriage. The couple share three children, Ernie, six, Louis, four, and four-month-old Elsie Kate Fellow TV presenter Ulrika has now spoken out saying that she knows “exactly” how Helen feels and that being “abandoned” so soon after having a baby can feel “suffocating”. While admitting that she does not know Helen personally, Ulrika wrote in her new column: “I’ve been there myself. “When you are left holding the baby, either through a decision of your own or someone else’s. READ MORE:Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband “When the life you had pictured comes to a halt and the future couldn’t be further from certain, it’s hard not to crumble," she added. Ulrika has four children and has been married three times. The Celebs Go Dating star continued in her column in The Sun that “even the strongest people” need a “bl***y big hug” when faced with such a tough situation. Ulrika then concluded by saying that she hopes “Helen is surrounded but those who will allow her to do that”. Helen shocked her fans when she confirmed their separation on Monday. In a statement shared to her 284,000 followers on Monday, Helen penned: “Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co-parent our small children." Following the shock split, the mum-of-three is said to be “struggling” to juggle family life. An insider claimed to OK! Magazine: “[Helen] has been struggling recently. She has three very young children, one of them is only four months old and she’s had a real struggle with being a mum. DON'T MISSBoris Becker spotted with big floral bouquet hours before sentencing[LATEST]Victoria Beckham speaks out as husband David achieves his 'dream'[INSIGHT]Kate Garraway breaks silence on GMB absence after ‘urgent' home issues[NEWS] “It’s so sad, but friends don’t think there is a way back for them." Richie has not publicly commented on the split, but he has reportedly started dating a “younger, successful businesswoman”. An insider claimed to The Sun: “Richie appears to have been spending a lot of his free time with this younger, successful businesswoman. “They are now in the early stages of a relationship.” Richie previously shared a cryptic message with his Instagram followers in the days before the couple’s split was announced. The Leeds Rhinos star posted a photograph of himself during training. He wrote: “Light at the end of the tunnel,” alongside a raised hands emoji. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Helen Skelton and Richie Myler for comment.