Aldi shoppers love finding a dupe product and paying less than leading brands. The bargain supermarket has created an “award-winning skincare range” and one product that has seen customers leaving glowing reviews is the Lacura Rose Facial Oil. Buy the Lacura Rose Facial Oil for £3.99 here. The Lacura Rose Facial Oil promises a “healthy glow”. Aldi describes the product as “an intensely moisturising oil suitable for sensitive skin” and claims “this delicate oil will leave you smelling and feeling incredible”. It is just £3.99 for 25ml, and has an average five-star rating, with 377 happy customers who have left reviews on the website. READ MORE: Aldi Specialbuys: The ‘secret sale’ for sold out items Bee from Glasgow said: “Rose face oil, I love this stuff noticed a difference in my skin after a few days.” Another from Stoke On Trent commented: “Brought this oil last week and have used it morning and night since. It's absorbed very quickly into the skin and doesn't leave a greasy feel. Very good price compared to others and leaves the skin feeling nice and soft.” A customer from Sheffield wrote: “Really lovely oil. Smooths out skin and smells delightful. Great price.” Someone else claimed: “Makes skin feel like silk. Only been using for a week and the difference in my skin is amazing.” DON'T MISS...Michael Mosley: 'Burn fat around tummy’ with the keto diet [PODCAST]Loyalty cards: Hidden perks and freebies you’re missing out on [EXPERT]April 2022 horoscopes: What’s in store for each star sign this month [INSIGHT] Adele from Liverpool explained: “I bought this after reading the reviews and always buying expensive face oil, I will never go back this rose oil is honestly the best thing my skin has never looked so good.” Kelly from Morley Leeds was another happy Aldi shopper: “Love this product. It brings a lovely glow to my skin and last for a good length of time. Just a couple of drops makes makeup glide on. It is comparable with more expensive brands and is just as good for a third of the price.” Kate from Staffordshire said it was the “best oil [she] has ever used”. “My face is glowing, and it's a fraction of the price I would usually spend on this kind of product. Just amazing!” She added. Buy the Lacura Rose Facial Oil for £3.99 here. Someone else called it “wonder oil” as it “keeps your skin nice and supple” and “does not leave your skin greasy” like some oils can. The Rose Facial Oil is not the only product within the range, there is a Healthy Glow Rose Toner which customers use in conjunction. The toner “removes impurities and brightens skin”. Aldi says “this Lacura Healthy Glow Rose Toner is the perfect simple way to brighten your complexion”. “Smooth over your face morning and evening to remove impurities and leave skin soft and smooth,” the description continued. The toner was £3.49 but is currently on offer for £2.99 - making a saving of 14 percent. Aldi also recommends using their Rose Quartz Face Roller as part of your daily skincare routine. For £6.99, it is a “gentle and effective double-ended facial massager” and also has a five-star rating online.