Manchester United don’t intend on replacing Matt Judge with a like-for-like appointment, according to reports. The Red Devils supremo has resigned ahead of the summer transfer window in order to pursue a new challenge. And that’s yet another big change at Old Trafford as the Erik ten Hag era nears. Judge has been in charge of handling transfer negotiations at United in recent years. But, after a decade in his position, the Red Devils supremo is primed to leave after believing he needs a new challenge. Now, when it comes to a potential replacement, BBC Sport say that the Red Devils don’t intend on hiring a like-for-like individual. So that suggests it’ll be left to the likes of John Murtough and Darren Fletcher to step up and secure signings for when Ten Hag takes over. Judge had been considering his position for several months before deciding to leave United behind. He will see out his notice period and will officially leave later in the year, though won’t be playing an active role when it comes to signing players this summer. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Judge had worked closely with Ed Woodward at United. But, after Woodward was replaced by Richard Arnold earlier this year, he’s now decided to join his close friend out of the door. Judge was brought to Old Trafford by Woodward back in 2012 and initially held the title of head of corporate development. Since then, his role was changed to director of football negotiations to reflect his role leading transfer and contract talks. It is the latest change at United in what is shaping up to be one of their biggest summers in their entire history. United have already confirmed the arrival of Ten Hag as their new manager, with the 52-year-old beating Mauricio Pochettino to the post. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Scouts Jim Lawlor and Marcel Bout have already left as United look to improve their set-up behind the scenes. And players such as Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani are set to spearhead an exodus of players this summer. Rangnick, meanwhile, has been asked about United’s upcoming transfer business. And he’s admitted that the Red Devils may struggle to sign big players due to Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea all having better seasons. “As a club, with regards to supporters, stadium, quality of training ground, I would say yes (players will want to join),” he said. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “But we also have to be realistic, as soon as other clubs like Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester City are involved, then you need some good reasons, and somebody needs to explain to the players and that is why it is important what Erik thiks. “I only know from my time with Leipzig and Salzburg, and I also know it from Jurgen (Klopp) and from Thomas (Tuchel), if they want players they're also involved. “They speak to the players and the same is probably true with Pep (Guardiola), they will invite the players themselves. “It's also about speaking to those players and finding out about their mentality and character, are they really players who are the best possible fit for this club.” And he also called on United to develop young players such as Erling Haaland. “My personal opinion is the club should try to find future top star players and develop them,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Haaland is a young player, he is 21 or 22, this is one of those players I spoke about. “But, on the other hand, he has developed into one of the most expensive strikers in the world. “He could be one of those examples where I think the focus should be on to try and identify and find and then convince players who could be Manchester United players for the next couple of years. “It is obvious the club and the team need more players, for the very reason that quite a few players have no contracts anymore and some other players are not available anymore, some players some might want more game-time and are on loan already. “For me it's important the club identifies scouts and then recruits those kind of players to develop Manchester United into one of the top teams again and therefore you need mentality, quality, physicality, pace, skills, you need the full package.”