Pippa Middleton, 38, is an English socialite and the younger sister of Kate Middleton. Despite having two children, Grace and Arthur, Pippa lost her post-pregnancy fat fast and has managed to maintain her figure since thanks to a healthy diet and plenty of regular exercise. One of the main ways Pippa stays in shape is to eat breakfast every day. Breakfast has long been thought of as the most important meal of the day because it helps slimmers feel fuller for longer. This will, in turn, lead to fewer calories getting consumed throughout the day. The 38-year-old said she “can’t start the day properly” without breakfast. READ MORE: 'Cheeky Harry's clearly missing!’ Prince 'serious’ in new interview This is sometimes “lots of porridge or boiled eggs with soldiers”. Other times, it is yoghurt, avocado on toast, or muesli. Speaking to The i in 2018, Pippa said: “My usual breakfast is either plain yoghurt with chopped fruit and toasted seeds, oats and nuts or toasted rye bread with eggs or avocado.” She explained she eats “Bircher muesli with fresh berries on top” too.  Pippa added: “You can make a batch for the whole week.” Although Pippa’s breakfasts are very healthy, she has also revealed how, for her, diet is all about balance. She doesn’t shy away from her favourite foods, including the occasional glass of wine. “I grew up with the belief that good health is about moderation in all things, so I’ll be celebrating healthy living through exercise, a balanced diet and a little of the naughty stuff sprinkled in,” she wrote in Waitrose magazine. “I’m talking chocolate, crisps and an occasional glass of wine.” She added: “I’ve never done Dukan, attempted Atkins or exercised religiously seven days a week but I do believe in making healthy choices – keeping refined carbs such as white bread and pasta to a minimum, and sticking to sensible portion sizes.” Exercise is just as important as diet to Pippa, and she regularly works out. “Being active with my two and a half-year-old son in the park or playground, transporting him on the back of my bike, and buggy running when he was a baby have been ways in which I have been able to include outdoor exercise whilst being a hands-on mummy,” the 38-year-old told running shoe brand Hoka One One in an interview. She continued: “I worked out for 45 minutes, three or four times a week, depending on my energy levels but ensured that the routines I did were lighter than usual.” Pippa also attends classes for “Barrecore, strength and conditioning, pilates, or yoga”. Back in 2016, Pippa was more active than ever as she trained for a cross-country ski race. At the time, her diet was “wholegrain, energy-fuelled carbohydrates and three meals a day”. “I also increase my portion sizes based on my training level, with lots of brown rice, lentils, quinoa and sweet potato, and for breakfast, porridge and rye toast,” she told Hello! Magazine.