The ex-Brexit Party and UKIP leader uploaded yet another clip to his TikTok account. Mr Farage, who is now a host on GB News, has previously posted several videos, including a meme taking a dig at Remainers. The former MEP, who is now a host on GB News, shared his most recent video yesterday and it has already amassed more than 200,000 views and over 25,000 likes. Mr Farage said: "Why is the World Cup in Qatar? "I can only conclude because FIFA is about the most corrupt in the world. "Well, Gareth Southgate, our England manager, clearly a good bloke, raises concerns about human rights issues, and quite rightly. "And he's told by the bully boys in Qatar to pick his words carefully. "I tell you what, we can't let the England manager be bullied by these people, it is disgusting. "I wonder, should we even be going at all?" Mr Farage's claim about corruption in FIFA comes just seven years after more than 50 defendants were criminally charged following a corruption probe in 2015. JUST IN: 'Has to stop!' Liz Truss piles pressure on EU to impose tougher sanctions on Russia Twenty seven people and four corporate entities pleaded guilty to the charges and another two people were convicted at trial. England qualified for the 2022 World Cup after putting ten goals past minnows San Marino in November. However, if England did decide to snub the opportunity to bring football home by winning the sport's most coveted international tournament, it would be just the fourth time the side hasn't competed at the World Cup since it became a FIFA member. The Three Lions took another step closer to glory last week after it was confirmed they would face the USA, Iran and either Wales, Scotland or Ukraine in the group stage of the tournament later this year. But England manager Gareth Southgate, who played for the national side at the 1998 World Cup in France, has faced criticism in Qatar even before the squad touchdown in the Middle East. The ex-Aston Villa player, who also played for Mr Farage's team Crystal Palace, said: "I think I’m quite clear on the areas of concern about this tournament." Speaking in detail about his concerns, Southgate said: "The building of the stadiums was the first, and there’s nothing we can do about that now. "They’re built. There are obviously ongoing concerns about the rights of workers and the conditions they live in and those areas. "It seems universally accepted that it's better than it was, but not in the position where people think it could be. "And maybe policies that have been put in place are not always enforced as they might be. "Then there are the issues that potentially threaten our fans when they travel: the rights of women and the rights of the LGBTQ+ community in particular. "Sadly, through discussions that I’ve had, I don’t think some of those communities are going to go and that’s a great shame. "We stand for inclusivity as a team – that’s been the big driver of a lot of the stances we’ve taken in the last couple of years – and it would be horrible to think some of our fans feel they can’t go because they feel threatened or they’re worried about their safety. "So there needs to be some clarity and some better communication that they are going to be safe, because they’re not feeling that." DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: 'Assault on Union' Truss sent ultimatum [LIVE]Rachel Reeves takes aim at Rishi Sunak after mini budget [REVEALED]Orban triumphs in Hungarian election after celebrating 'huge victory' [POLL] Qatar 2022 CEO Nasser Al Khater responded by saying: "My question would be, who from the England squad has come to Qatar? "My question to the coach is, has he been to Qatar? "Is he basing his opinions and his public statements on what he has read?" He added: "Because it is kind of an issue if you're basing your opinions and you are very vocal about that based on things you have read. "Somebody with a lot of influence, such as Southgate, somebody with a big audience that listens to what he says, ought to pick his words very carefully." England will need to wait until June to see whether Wales, Scotland or Ukraine will join them in Qatar in November. Wales' inclusion in the tournament would be the first time since 1958 the side has reached the World Cup. Whereas, Scotland could enter the tournament for the first time since 1998. However, Scotland still needs to overcome Ukraine at Hampden Park before heading down to Cardiff to play Wales to stand a chance of facing the Auld Enemy in a major tournament for the second time in two years.