Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has given an update on Bruno Fernandes after his car crash ahead of Tuesday night's Premier League match with Liverpool at Anfield. The Red Devils go into the game hoping to make it back to back wins after putting Norwich City to the sword over the weekend. Fernandes will be involved in the game against the title challengers despite his crash on Monday, Rangnick confirmed. Fernandes crashed his £90,000 Porsche on his way to Manchester United training but, fortunately, emerged unscathed from the incident. And Rangnick, speaking ahead of his side's epic showdown with Liverpool on Tuesday night, has now confirmed the Portugal international is fine and will be involved in tomorrow's match. “Yes, he was training with the team obviously the accident happened on the way to Carrington,” said the German. “As far as I know, no one was injured. He was ok and he'll be ok for tomorrow." That will be a boost for United, with Fernandes still one of their best players this season despite the Red Devils enduring a chastening campaign. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Rangnick has also revealed Raphael Varane has been involved in light training. But he’s also suggested that the France international, as well as other injured stars such as Scott McTominay and Fred, won’t be involved. "He [Varane] was with training with the team, he was on the pitch with one of our rehab coaches,” he said. “With regard to the injured players, it's the same situation." Paul Pogba could start for United, even though he angered fans by cupping his ears to them against Norwich on Saturday. And Rangnick has shut down suggestions Ramadan may stop the midfielder from playing. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players “No, as a player and a professional he is used to that,” he said. “He knows how to handle that and how to deal with that. “I don't think this affects his game or his performance. “I haven't spoken about this with him in person." In Liverpool, United will be going up against a team who could win a quadruple this season - particularly after their FA Cup win over Manchester City on Sunday. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Rangnick has urged his United team to improve defensively and make sure they keep the likes of Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane at bay. "As I said after the game [Norwich], we need to be more compact, we need to find the right balance of what we do in possession of the ball and what we need to do in order to defend our own goal,” he said. “For sure, we need to be more compact, more aggressive, more on the front foot but still make sure we have all the players behind the ball. “This is what we need to show tomorrow against a team that is probably one of the best - if not the best - in creating moments which they can be dangerous from in and around the box. “We need to be at our very best defensively but still have a formation and approach to the game that we can be dangerous ourselves." On when United plan to officially announce Erik ten Hag, he continued by saying: "I don't know. “This is an issue for the club and the board and as soon as there is something to announce then I'm pretty sure the club will make that announcement. “Right now, that doesn't affect our preparation for the game tomorrow or the game on Saturday. “We are fully aware that out of those six games we probably need almost maximum points and you can see even other teams are dropping points. “This is about being consistent and the team that will finish fourth will be who is most committed to that."