Sara Davies recently returned to BBC's Dragons' Den for the show's 19th season. The entrepreneur and television personality earned an MBE and has become a self-made woman. The 37-year-old founded her craft supplier company, Crafter's Companion, in 2005 while studying for a business degree at York University. The businesswoman's ground-breaking product called The Enveloper that she designed and marketed put her on the map - selling over 8,000 in the first 24 hours of being debuted on the shopping channel Ideal World. By the time she had graduated with her degree - with first-class honours no less - she had a business with a turnover of over half a million pounds. The mum-of-two has since opened up about her wealth and admitted it can be exhausting talking about money. READ MORE: Cillian Murphy quits London after kids develop 'posh English accents' Podcast host Gaby quizzed: "Do you get fed up that everyone goes on about your wealth and your money? "I get the feeling that you don't like the fact that it seems to be the first thing that everyone interviews about." She went on: "I don't want to talk to you about that weirdly. That's your thing." Sara replied: "It doesn't upset me but for me, money has never defined me.  "I've never defined my success by how much money I've made. That's how society often defines success." She continued on That Gaby Roslin podcast: "When I go and Google myself, which I only do occasionally..." Gaby interjected: "That's a dangerous thing." "But every time I Google myself, the first thing that comes up is, 'Sara Davies net worth'," the entrepreneur sighed. DON'T MISS... Harry and Meghan's secret visit to Queen - 'Don't care for details!'[LATEST]Madonna, 63, stuns fans with smooth visage in ageless pics[PICTURES]Amanda Owen shares sad family picture addressing 'highs and lows'[UPDATES] "And I just think there's so much more to me." She continued: "I feel like I've contributed more to the world than the money that I've made. "It's the employment I've created, the difference that I've made." Sara added: "When I got my MBE it was for creating employment services for the country and it felt like such a massive achievement to me. Not how much money I've made. "But I guess in the world of business that's how people like to look at how successful you are. Or judge yourself alongside the success of someone else. "I hope one day we can change the perception that's not the measure of success."The self-made businesswoman is reportedly worth a staggering £37million and her successful company is said to be worth over £35million, according to The Sun. Crafter's Companion is now a leading company internationally - shipping to over 40 countries worldwide including to Asia, South Africa, North and South America, Europe and Australia. Sara's company now employs over 200 people across the globe. The businesswoman has been awarded for her contributions to the industry, having received as many as 25 business accolades so far as well as an MBE for services to the economy in 2016.