Aries (Mar21/Apr20) A trying and troublesome situation will actually serve a useful purpose in that it brings a number of petty annoyances to a head. People will be looking to you to make the most important decisions because they know you will take action on what you decide on. Taurus (Apr21/May21) With you feeling a little low at the start of the week you will also be annoyed with yourself for having made some firm plans. The last thing you want to do is disappoint anyone or leave them feeling as if you've let them down. Gemini (May22/June21) Keep a watchful eye on what is going on around you. You could learn something interesting by watching the comings and goings of your neighbours and friends. Sometimes you have to be perceptive before you can plan what your next moves might be. Cancer (June22/July23) Don't let your suspicion show but there is something secretive in the air. You suspect someone has been making arrangements without telling you anything about them. By the end of the week the truth will come out. READ MORE: Horoscopes & love: Leo to hold off with romantic actions Leo (July24/Aug23) This isn't the time for rushing into anything. In fact, this is more a time to rein in your energy. There's a lot of enthusiasm in the air but you need to get together with others to discuss how to approach long-term plans of a joint nature. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) Messages received or given to the wrong person could contain information that will be useful for you to know. Even so, you need to be discreet and to keep some things to yourself. Forewarned is forearmed. Unexpected job news will give you something new to anticipate.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) A project you are working on with others will have been largely your idea. Now the pressure is on to make this successful. It might be a rush against time but keep focused on your goal. Don't lose faith in your convictions. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) Patience is a virtue and a lot of patience will be needed as you wait to hear information regarding the future of a personal aim. If you pester those in the know for hints on the possible outcome, you could push them in the wrong direction. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Tension in the domestic circle will make you wonder whether some plans will go ahead. With a little effort you should be able to stop certain family members from falling out completely. This may mean putting the needs of others before your own. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) You can't escape from a sense of responsibility to an older or younger relative. There are others, too, who should be helping but they aren't. Eventually someone will admit to having not been as dutiful as they should have been towards the family. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) You need more freedom now to pursue your own aims. A close relationship is taking up far too much of your time. If someone you recently met is more needy than you expected them to be, you have a lot of thinking to do. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) Tricky tasks can be handled best early on in the week when your mind is less cluttered with emotional issues. Later a family argument will make it difficult for you to think properly. Your mood will switch between social plans and preferring to stay at home.