Manchester United have been told that they need more than Erling Haaland to sort out their current predicament if they are to become successful once again. John Barnes thinks United need to bring in a different profile of player to change their fortunes. United's rivals Manchester City have been heavily linked with a move for the Norwegian prodigy, with Pep Guardiola's men vying with Real Madrid for his signature. Having signed Cristiano Ronaldo in the summer, United were expected to also be in the fight for Haaland this summer. But United are unlikely to qualify for the Champions League and so are deemed out of the running for Haaland. Yet Barnes says Haaland wouldn't suit the Red Devils anyway. "Pep Guardiola refused to say that Manchester City were set to sign Erling Haaland. If they do sign him, he would be a great player for Manchester City," Barnes told BonusCodeBets. JUST IN: Ten Hag details Ronaldo stance in first interview as Man Utd boss  “But, in terms of Manchester United, they didn’t make a mistake in not making a move for him – who said he would even go to United? I don’t believe Manchester United could have signed him, he wasn’t going anywhere last year, and they don’t have the possibility. “Manchester United don’t just need a player like Erling Haaland [to fix their woes], they need far more. They haven’t made a mistake in not going for him – he isn’t the player they need given the way they play." DON'T MISS  United announced the appointment of Erik ten Hag on Thursday, with the Dutchman set to join as manager at the end of the season upon Ralf Rangnick's contract expiring. The 52-year-old will be handed funds to spend in the summer to revitalise the playing squad. Declan Rice, Antony and Jurrien Timber are among the many players who have been linked with moves to Old Trafford with United set to miss out on the Champions League. But only time will tell what signings they will make as they seek to compete on all fronts once again from next season onwards.