French elections run in two parts, with initial voting handing Emmanuel Macron an early win on April 10. He steamed ahead with 27.8 percent of the vote, followed by Marine Le Pen and Jean-Luc Melenchon on 23.1 percent and 22 percent respectively. As the top two performers, only Mr Macron and Ms Le Pen proceed to the next round this weekend, with victory appearing increasingly likely for the incumbent President. Mr Macron won his first Presidential term in 2017 and has since become a de facto leader of the European Union. That has put him on a collision course with the UK several times, as he has helped lead the bloc as the country sought to realise its Brexit ambitions. With a second win now likely, Downing Street will have started preparing for another clash-heavy five years. READ MORE: Le Pen’s 'de-demonisation’ plot torn apart ahead of key debate  Since 2017, the President has emerged as a near-constant critic of the British approach to Brexit. In January this year, he urged the bloc's leaders to be "tough" on the country as ministers threatened the sanctity of the Northern Ireland protocol. He told MEPs in the European Parliament that he wished to "make certain that the agreements entered into are respected". And he added that bloc representatives would have to be "tough" when insisting "the conditions of agreements entered into have to be respected". Another Macron presidency would likely see more of the same criticism from the French President. But his attitude towards the UK appears more dependent on the Government than the country itself. He has said more than once that while he has respect for Britain, this does not extend to the Johnson administration in the same way. Mr Macron said as much during a speech in late 2021 in which he criticised British leaders. In a December speech, he said France's relationship with the UK was "difficult". Touching on migration over the English Channel, Mr Macron said the Government had "simply not done as it says". He added: “I love Britain. I love its people. I want so much to have a Government that wishes simply to work with us in good faith.” Without a change in Government, Britons can expect the relationship to remain much the same in Mr Macron wins another term this weekend.