The former Good Morning Britain presenter is set to return to screens on Monday with his new TalkTV show Piers Morgan Uncensored. The broadcaster announced on Wednesday that his first guest will be former US President Donald Trump. However, in a teaser clip released ahead of the interview, Trump storms off after clashing with Morgan. Morgan shared the news of his first TalkTV guest with his Twitter followers. In the clip, Trump sits down with Morgan and says: “Okay, Piers I’m ready.” “I’ll be completely straight to you to your face,” Morgan tells the former US President. “I think I’m a very honest man,” Trump remarks. “Much more honest than you.” Read more: Piers Morgan in fresh attack on ITV day before return Discussing Trump’s defeat in the US Presidential election to Joe Biden, Morgan says: “It was a free and fair election – you lost.” “Only a fool would think that,” Trump hits back. “Do you think I’m a fool?” Morgan asks and the politician reveals: “I do now.” “With respect, you haven’t produced the hard evidence,” Morgan argues. Cutting the TalkTV host off, Trump exclaims: “Excuse me!” “I don’t think you’re real,” Trump remarks. “Very dishonest.” As the pair continue to clash, the former US President announces: “Let’s finish up the interview.” Trump then walks off while ordering: “Turn the camera off, very dishonest.” DON'T MISSTalk TV schedule: When does Piers Morgan Uncensored air?  [INSIGHT]Lorraine Kelly aims dig at Piers Morgan ‘managing to get another job' [VIDEO]Piers Morgan in GMB swipe ahead of his ITV return after Meghan row [INSIGHT] Morgan’s choice to interview Trump for his new show divided Twitter users. @BuzzTheSchnauz1 tweeted: “The one interview everyone wanted and Piers nails it.” @polskey argued: “Ugh - not really important but looks like it’ll be entertaining.” “WOW, I mean people with any common sense knows he lost and just can't take it as he's afraid of being arrested, and was he really going to be honest... no, so what's the point of the interview,” @alr6872 suggested. (sic) @Andy110889 questioned: “Didn’t think you wanted anything to do with him after he incited the Capitol debacle?” “You know how to get people's attention I'll give you that can't wait,” @_rotacy_270920 wrote. @martin_e hit out: “I wouldn't watch either of these people's weird and unrealistic explanations of the world. Why would I watch both?” Piers Morgan Uncensored airs on TalkTV on Monday at 8pm.