Mr Parish told GB News days before being identified as the minister at the centre of the allegations: "You are going to get people that step over the line." He said: "You have got sort of 650 members of parliament in what is a very intense area. "I mean, you are going to get people that step over the line. "I don't think there's necessarily a huge culture here, but I think it does have to be dealt with and dealt with seriously."  Mr Parish had the Conservative whip withdrawn on Friday pending the result of the investigation after a conversation with Tory Chief Whip Chris Heaton-Harris. An investigation by the Independent Complaints and Grievance Scheme (ICGS) was launched after the allegations surfaced during a meeting of Tory MPs on Tuesday. Mr Parish, the chair of the Commons Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee, has represented the Devon constituency since 2019. A spokeswoman for Mr Heaton-Harris said: "Having spoken to the Chief Whip this afternoon, Neil Parish MP is reporting himself to the Standards Committee of the House of Commons.  "Mr Parish has been suspended from the Conservative whip pending the outcome of that investigation." First the Tories looked to refer the matter to the Independent Complaints and Grievance Scheme (ICGS), which looks into claims of bullying and sexual harassment. It is understood that process has now started after at least one witness made a referral. But a second investigation could be launched after Mr Parish's commitment to refer himself to the Standards Committee. DON'T MISSNeil Parish suspended in investigation into Tory MP who watched porn [REVEAL]Election POLL: Do you back Boris Johnson ahead of local elections? [REACTION]Ban scrolling and do your jobs properly, says Ashley Smith [INSIGHT]  It was unclear what potential breach of the MPs' code of conduct he would report himself for. But it is thought one investigation for Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards Kathryn Stone could be whether Mr Parish caused "significant damage to the reputation and integrity" of the Commons. Labour said the Tories had known about Neil Parish's alleged conduct for days, but had done nothing about it. Shadow leader of the House Thangam Debbonaire said: "The Conservatives knew for days about the disgusting behaviour of one of their MPs and tried to cover it up. "