The UK Government will ban the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles from 2030, with a similar ban affecting hybrid vehicles coming just five years later. Because of this, the Government as well as automotive brands have been investing heavily into electric vehicles and its necessary infrastructure. Alongside this, many are calling on alternative fuel sources to help decarbonise quicker and boost the commitment to becoming net zero by 2050. Fredrika Klaren, Head of Sustainability at Polestar, believes that renewables and clean energy need to be at the forefront of EV infrastructure in the UK. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, she said: “I think this is where we will see how this technology can be easily adopted through home charging. “I myself have driven an EV for nearly 10 years now and I’ve always been able to charge at home, with renewable energy in Sweden. READ MORE: Driver fined £65 because shadow of his car was in disabled spot “Even way back then it was a better option, it had the climate impact that I wanted it to have and it was so convenient for me to make the switch. “It’s so much easier than having a fossil fuelled car. You can charge at home so those incentives and actions are so needed in terms of accelerating the shift. “Of course you also have to have an inclusive charging network. EVs have to be for many people. “We are a premium company but we have to have EVs in all price ranges available for all wallet sizes and all kinds of living situations, so we really have a job to do.  DON'T MISSLand Rover driver fined £1,000 after passing cyclist [SHOCKING]Hydrogen cars could cause a ‘nasty explosion’ if involved in a crash [WARNING]Motorists could be handed fines of £5,000 for adjusting their seat [IMPORTANT] “We can't take that responsibility lightly. We can't just sit around and talk about it, you really have to see this type of action.” The Government announced that it would be investing around £1.6billion into installing thousands of electric car charging stations around the UK before the end of the decade. This followed another announcement from BP, who announced its largest-ever EV charging expansion by investing £1billion in the UK to triple its number of charging points by 2030. The investment will enable the deployment of more rapid and ultra-fast chargers in key locations, something which Grant Shapps said he was “delighted with”. Fredrika Klaren continued, saying: “We need to create a sense of urgency. We want to use these EVs to fight the climate crisis and see a great adoption of EVs and a reduction in transport-linked emissions. “We need to bend the curb now. And that's also why we created the Polestar 0 project, to create that sense of urgency. “Our designers and engineers recognise that we need to sort this, this decade. We need to figure out how to produce a climate neutral car by 2030 to implement all of those solutions by the end of this decade. “We are not doing enough, but there is so much that we can do. We would love for everyone to line up and back this technology. “We want to send this clear signal that this is the technology that we have chosen, it will lead us down a climate neutral path and to really send the message to consumers and Governments that we are ready. “At that point, then we’ll really have some climate action.” The Polestar 0 initiative is one of the most ambitious goals set by any automotive brand, one which they have branded a “moonshot goal”. It is set to create a “truly climate-neutral” car by 2030, which will eliminate all emissions from raw material extraction, material manufacture, product manufacture and end of life. The Swedish brand has admitted that this will be an “unprecedented challenge” but acknowledged that it will be incredibly important.