Jodie Griffiths, a mother of eight shared the pictures after the family Staffordshire Bull Terrier, Blizzard attacked her son. Ms Griffiths described the dog as a “best friend” to her son Romy who required multiple stitches and emergency treatment following the attack.  The incident occurred while Ms Griffiths was at work on December 27. Injuries left young Romy with deep cuts across his nose and face, a fractured jaw and missing teeth. The mother of the child was given the devastating news by her partner from their West Midlands home. Romy’s father Daniel Griffiths said the children were in the living room playing with their toys when the incident happened. Mr Griffiths said the dog had been sleeping on the sofa at the time.  WARNING: Some readers may find the image below distressing Having looked away for a second, he was met with a scream of agony, finding his son covered in blood from a single bite to the face by the animal. Both parents suggest the dog had never shown signs of aggression prior to the incident. They suggest the dog became startled by a flying helicopter toy hence causing it to lunge at Romy and bite him. Police seized the dog under Section 3 of the Dangerous Dog Act prior to the animal being humanely destroyed. Ms Griffiths has now shared the pictures in a bid to warn other parents about the risks of dog attacks.  READ MORE:Adam Henson gives sad update on beloved dog Peg She said: “The kids were playing in the front room with their flying helicopters and the dog was asleep on the chair. “My partner had got up to go to the kitchen but didn't even get to the kitchen - he heard Romy scream and turned around and that was just how fast it happened. “I think the dog was startled awake by one of the flying helicopters and Romy's face must just have been right there. “I was at work and got a call from my partner saying the dog had bit the baby - I was very panicked and couldn't believe it. “I still find it hard to get my head around it now. “When I got home Romy was covered in blood and my partner was covered in his blood as well." DON'T MISS:Furious anti-vax mob BLOCKS entrance to Parliament [REPORT]Scholz allies demand Chancellor send tanks to 'defenceless' Ukraine [REVEAL]Charlotte steals the show on Easter Sunday arrival [ROYALS]  Ms Griffiths continued: “He was screaming and then he started dozing off to sleep - the doctors said it was because of the shock. “Then they gave him morphine until he went to theatre. “We didn't quite realise how bad it was until after his surgery because he wouldn't let anyone look at his face. “It fractured his jaw, ripped all of his nose, ripped out three teeth from the root - he had to have hundreds and hundreds of stitches, they lost count of how many. “The damage was really bad on the inside of his nose and they said if the dog had bit down a little bit more his whole nose would have been bitten off.” Romy was rushed to the New Croft Hospital in Wolverhampton from which he was transferred to Birmingham Children’s Hospital where he had hundreds of stitches to repair the damage. What was meant to be a two-hour operation ended up taking five hours due to the extensive damage to the child's face, followed by two nights in hospital recovering.  Speaking of the dog, Ms Griffiths said: “Blizzard has always been a family dog who loved to play, loved a fuss and wanted to get involved with everything. “He was a soft dog and the kids loved him to death. He was Romy's best friend. “I don't think it was a planned attack. “He's not continued the attack or ragged him about or anything, all that damage was just from one bite. “At the end of the day I will always put my kids first and it was the best thing for the dog to go and hopefully be rehomed. “I would never have trusted him around my kids again, I don't trust any dog anymore. “One came up to Romy in the street when he was in the pram and I spun the pram around and started screaming hysterically to get it away from him.” 