There are 30 species of woodlouse in the UK and the woodlouse season is just around the corner. This creature loves warm and dry weather but will be found in damp places out of the sun - that’s why Britons will often find them hiding in their garden or in their property on the floor, in walls, and in wooden furniture. Experts at Cleanipedia have shared their top tips on getting rid of woodlice in homes in a few simple ways, one of which includes using the vacuum. They explained how “common” these pests are  and why they are obsessed with our homes. The experts said: “Woodlice in the house can be nasty! No one wants these little critters near their food or even worse, their beds. “But it’s actually fairly common for woodlice to make their way into your home, especially in the summer. “They won’t be harmful to your health but you will still probably want to avoid having to deal with an infestation. “Woodlice tend to feed off decomposing plants and fungi, such as compost or leaves by a drain. READ MORE: Garden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay “It is worth regularly cutting and removing dying leaves and minimising the number of plants to avoid a woodlice infestation.” They can also eat paper, including wallpaper, and nibble on wooden fixtures around the home. There are a few key things to do to get rid of woodlice if you keep finding them in your home. First and foremost Britons should vacuum them up as this is the “simplest way” to get rid of these creatures, according to experts. They said: “This is the simplest way to deal with a woodlice invasion and the first stage to getting rid of them in your home. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ [COMMENT]Laundry: How to save on energy bills drying your clothes [TIPS]Cleaning: ‘Easiest’ way to remove ‘scuff marks’ from flooring [EXPERT] “Be sure to empty your vacuum bag and dispose of it as soon as you have completed this step.” Homeowners can also opt to try electronic pulsing devices to get rid of woodlice as an “inexpensive” method. The experts said: “There are relatively inexpensive machines out there that can help. “Electronic pulsing devices emit a high-frequency pulsing signal that repels all sorts of pests.” Anti-insect spray can also be used in the areas where you are finding the woodlice. There are lots of these on the market, some are more toxic than others so be careful if you have children, pets or vulnerable adults around the house. Now you know the tricks to getting rid of woodlice, it’s also important to be aware of preventing them so that they never come back. Making homes as “woodlice-unfriendly” is a great place to start. The experts explained: “This involves checking for any places that might feel like home to them. “Woodlice particularly like moist environments so check there is no rotting wood in your home (think shelves in the bathroom or wooden furniture in the conservatory).” As damp walls also attract woodlice, check the walls for damp or mould or mildew and deal with it immediately. This could explain why you find a woodlice infestation in one particular area of the home. The expert also suggested homeowners keep plants and weeds away from doors. They said: “Woodlice are attracted to plants and weeds, so having these near accessible areas such as doors means you are encouraging the woodlice. “Keep plants away from your doors, and be sure to clean up any weeds outside your entrances.”