With Manchester United set to appoint Erik ten Hag as their manager, the Dutchman can learn plenty from those who have failed in the role previously. With rumours suggesting that the Red Devils have joined Chelsea in the race to sign Aurelien Tchouameni, Jose Mourinho would be able to tell the soon-to-be United boss a lot about the mistake of marking his arrival at Old Trafford with a marquee signing. One of Mourinho’s first signings as Red Devils boss in 2016 was Paul Pogba, who joined from Juventus in a deal worth £93million. The Frenchman was signed as a long-term solution for the club's issues in midfield, with the view for the rest of the team to be centred around him. But United wasn’t the only team interested in Pogba whilst he was in the Serie A. In the season before, L’Equipe reported that Chelsea had a bid of £74m rejected – whilst the Blues were managed by Mourinho. After Pogba completed his return to United the following season, his agent, Mino Raiola, said: “Paul could have left [Juventus] last year because Mourinho – then at Chelsea – really wanted him. But Juventus and I had an agreement: win the league title and the Champions League, then he can go.” READ MORE: Man Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal Pogba has since struggled at Old Trafford and looks set to leave the club on a free transfer at the end of this season having failed to put pen to paper on a new deal. On his day, the former Juve star has oozed quality – but those occasions have been scarce. For such a massive fee, Mourinho will certainly have hoped for the midfielder to have been a standout performer on a weekly basis for his side, but it just was not the case. Money certainly could have been better spent elsewhere in that transfer window as United finished just sixth in the league. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal Ten Hag has a major task on his hands in getting United back to being title contenders and competitive on the European stage, and the story of Pogba’s underwhelming transfer could push the 52-year-old to weigh up whether a mega-money move for Tchouameni is funds well-spent. ESPN revealed that the Ajax boss is very keen on the Monaco midfielder, whom Chelsea have been keeping on tabs for a while and are plotting a move for. Marca reported earlier this season that it would cost any potential suiter £83m to tempt them into letting the 22-year-old leave – a figure that would inevitably take up a big chunk of Ten Hag’s budget. If the manager is to build a team that will be able to be somewhat competitive next season then he will need a sprinkling of good quality signings rather than Tchouameni and one or two cut-price options.