Serena Williams has announced she is hoping to make her comeback at Wimbledon this year. The 23-time Grand Slam champion’s declaration appears to quash reports she was set to retire. Williams has turned her attention from the court in recent times, with injury issues often derailing her efforts to compete. The 40-year-old has not played a competitive match since Wimbledon last summer. She was forced to withdraw early from the grass-court Grand Slam last season due to a hamstring injury. The setback ultimately affected her participation in the Olympics and the US Open, too. However, Williams appears to be eyeing a return to competitive action in the near-future. On Thursday, Williams posted an Instagram story with NFL star Aaron Rodgers and ignited speculation that she was nearing a comeback at the Championships. “We've been talking about my comeback and he's been hyping me up and getting me ready for Wimbledon,” Williams said. “Can't wait!” READ MORE: Sergiy Stakhovsky explains moment he left family to return to Ukraine Rodgers patriotically suggested she instead should be focusing on a return at the US Open, but Williams was having none of it: “Wimbledon's before the US Open, I've got to play Wimbledon first. Exciting!” Williams’ social media post sharply contrasts the rumours surrounding her earlier in the day, which suggested she was nearing retirement. Such reports stemmed from the American’s long-term coach Patrick Mouratoglou announcing he was teaming up with Simona Halep. “Today I am starting a new chapter in my coaching career - I am now the full-time coach of Simona Halep,” Mouratoglou said in a statement on Twitter. “In the last eight months, I realised how much I missed coaching. It is the passion of my life and I still feel like I have so much to give. DON'T MISSDjokovic 'works closely with scientists on his shoes' for advantageDjokovic warned that Carlos Alcaraz's emergence is 'perfect' for NadalJo-Wilfried Tsonga announces decision to retire from tennis “Simona came to the Mouratoglou Academy before Indian Wells for a training block. I swung by at a few of her practices, watched her train. “At the end of the week, she asked me if I was available to coach her. I have the highest respect for her but it was out of the question at the time. “A few weeks later, I had a conversation with Serena, and the door opened for me, at least short-term, to work with someone else. I will keep you updated on what's coming next soon.”