Jamie Carragher believes Manchester United and Tottenham already have a huge boost over Arsenal in the top-four race in the Premier League this season. All three teams are desperate for Champions League football next year. Carragher has uncovered a major worry of Arsenal's that will give United and Tottenham huge confidence in the battle for Champions League football this season. After another dramatic week of Premier League action, the race for fourth could go all the way to the wire. It has been a great weekend for Spurs, who sit in a Champions League spot after a crushing victory over Newcastle. Heung-min Son, Matt Doherty and Emerson Royal were among the scorers in a 5-1 win over Eddie Howe's men. To make matters sweeter, all of Arsenal, United and Chelsea dropped points - consolidating a place for Tottenham who sit on 54 points while Arsenal are only below on goal difference. The Gunners have a game in hand, but Carragher has revealed why that will not make much of a difference. He said on Sky Sports Monday Night Football: "Tottenham have the better fixtures. Even if you take that Arsenal game out of it, Arsenal have that game in hand but it is Chelsea away, so it is their toughest game. I would probably say I would go back to Tottenham on who is going to get the top four, because that game in hand is against Chelsea. That will worry them." In the studio agreeing with the Liverpool legend was Wayne Rooney, who believes Spurs will pip Arsenal to fourth while his old side United are not in the conversation. He said: "I think it is between Arsenal and Tottenham. "I have looked at Manchester United’s form and I don’t think they will make an impact, but I have to give the upper hand to Tottenham as they have the slightly more favourable fixtures. "It is like no one wants that fourth place and that shows the inconsistency of the teams below Liverpool and Manchester City and that is shown by their league position and how good both of those sides have been this season." Arsenal stumbled up on Monday night when given the chance to regain their spot in the top four after a thrashing from Crystal Palace. Mikel Arteta admitted his side were second-best after Patrick Vieira's side inflicted a damaging 3-0 result over their London rivals. The Spaniard said: "Congratulations to Palace for the game they played but we made it impossible for ourselves with the way we competed. You have to be physical and run and then you earn the right to play. We were really inconsistent on the ball and that is unacceptable.