Liverpool star Mohamed Salah ‘would do everything on his part’ to complete a blockbuster summer transfer to Barcelona, according to reports in the Spanish media. Salah is in a contract quandary with the Reds as he is yet to renew a deal that expires in just over a year.   The 29-year-old has been linked with an incredible exit from Anfield as the Premier League side do not want to lose him on a free transfer in a year’s time. La Liga side Barca, who are resurgent under Xavi Hernandez, have been suggested as a possible destination. Salah has been key for Jurgen Klopp’s side since joining from Roma in 2017, helping them win Champions League and Premier League titles. He has scored 153 goals in 239 appearances for the Merseyside outfit. But the Egyptian seems increasingly likely to quit the longer his contract impasse continues. Liverpool appear unwilling to hand a huge deal to a player who will be 30 in June despite Salah's hopes to be made one of the best paid players in the world.   JUST IN: Man Utd target Christopher Nkunku ‘wants Leipzig to accept lower fee' And it has now emerged that Barca’s interest makes them Salah’s preferred move. According to Spanish outlet Sport, the La Liga giants have been ‘informed’ of the player’s preferences and have been made aware that he ‘would do everything on his part’ to complete a transfer. Furthermore, the publication claims that Liverpool have ‘threatened’ Barca that they will not be drawn to the negotiating table. That could mean they will still expect a premium fee for a player who will enter the final year of his contract as June moves into July. In March, Klopp placed pressure on Salah’s entourage to agree to fresh terms with the club.  “I think Mo definitely expects this club to be ambitious and we are. It’s Mo’s decision,” Klopp said before Salah scored in Liverpool’s 2-0 win over Brighton.   DON'T MISS...Philippe Coutinho 'not even contemplating' Newcastle moveWest Ham's Manuel Lanzini survives 'car crash' as firefighters called18,000 sign petition to stop Ricketts family buying Chelsea “The club did what it can do. It is all fine. All fine from my point of view. Nothing has happened further, no signing, no rejection, we just have to wait. Completely fine, no rush.” But Klopp’s quotes were met with derision from Salah’s representatives. Ramy Abbas Issa, who represents the prolific forward, cryptically tweeted a string of laughing emojis minutes later. The Guardian have reported that Abbas has turned down Liverpool’s latest offer and an agreement will not be struck unless the Premier League side improve the terms of any future proposal. It is believed that no talks have been held since the end of 2021.   