The NBC crime drama is still going strong after nine seasons, with a 10th outing of The Blacklist already confirmed to be in the works. As fans grow even more desperate to find out more about Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (played by James Spader) and his late daughter, Liz Keen (Megan Boone), their return to some of the show’s classic episodes have yielded some unexpected results. Eagle-eyed viewers have spotted a baffling continuity error during an important scene between Red and his daughter, Liz. During the season two episode, Quon Zhang (No. 87), the task force investigates a chilling case involving the dead bodies of Chinese-American women being smuggled out of the country. Meanwhile, Liz comes even closer to finding out the truth about her past when she pays a visit to Red’s flat. At this point in the series, Liz is still unaware Red is her father, and the man she knows as Red isn’t who he claims to be. READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry However, a mysterious old photograph could be the clue she’s looking for to find out her parents’ identities. Unfortunately, this dramatic revelation was undercut for some fans who couldn’t help notice a distracting continuity mistake with the other photographs on Red’s mantlepiece. One observant fan took to the message boards on forum moviemistakes when they realised one of Red’s photos appeared to change between shots. “When Keen enters Red's Bethesda apartment, the camera pans over pictures on the mantel,” they wrote. “Directly left of the picture of a little girl/man on a swing, is a picture of a woman holding hands with two children (looks like 1980's, adult woman looks like Keen.) “When Keen reaches out to pick up/view the swing picture, the woman/children picture is no longer there and a really old family photo is in its place.” Could another old photo of Liz have slipped past the editor before being hastily removed for the final cut? To make matters worse, viewers had some major complaints when Red was shot in the proceeding episode. DON'T MISS:Star Trek's Kate Mulgrew admits she hasn’t watched Discovery reboot [EXCLUSIVE]The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth pays tribute to co-stars [VIDEO]Outlander author on character ‘showrunners were loath to lose’ [INSIGHT] Another fan pointed out: “Not only does he find the strength to pull out all the monitor wires and lines attached to him, but when he goes into the corridor to get a gun, he is fully dressed in a jacket and trousers. “Did the very efficient hospital team forget to bring a hospital gown for him to wear? Did they operate on him while he was wearing his street clothes?” Thankfully, the twists came much too thick and fast for fans to worry about the show’s leaps in logic. Back in Quon Zhang, Liz finally discovered her mother was a Russian spy named Katarina Rostova (Lotte Verbeek) after scouring every inch of Red’s secret flat. Clearly, not enough viewers were put off by the photo frame continuity mistake, as Liz would go on to discover the truth about her father’s identity some three seasons later. Now in season nine, Liz is dead and Red has started to get closer to unmasking the person behind her murder. With some of the biggest ratings for NBC, The Blacklist could continue to uncover more dirty secrets and family scandals for several more years to come. The Blacklist season 9 continues Fridays on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.