The consumer champion demanded the Chancellor helps struggling families as rising food and heating bills have left some facing starvation. Mr Lewis said: "We need to keep people fed. We need to keep them warm. If we get this wrong now, then we risk civil unrest.  "When breadwinners cannot provide, anger brews and civil unrest brews - and I do not think we are very far off. I would like to see more. But this is a Conservative government." Mr Lewis said the bills crisis is the worst since he founded his website Money Saving Expert in 2003 and that he was "scared for people". He added: "For people towards the bottom end, there's nothing to cut back on. It is not an exaggeration to say there are people we have to prevent freezing or starving." At the start of this month, minimum energy tariffs rose by £700-a-year to nudge £2,000 meaning millions of households face being unable to afford to put the heating on, cook warm meals or have hot water. So Mr Lewis has had to set up a new feature on his money-saving website which provides tips on staying warm without heating - but he said it should not have to come to that in a wealthy nation such as Britain. The finance expert said people are now stopping him in the street and sending him messages about how they are unable to make ends meet. He said: "I feel slightly sick about doing it. "We are talking hot water bottles in sleeping bags territory. This is one of the richest countries in the world. It's pretty desperate, isn't it?" He called on Chancellor Rishi Sunak to ensure people have enough money to pay energy bills.  Mr Sunak has unveiled some measures to help with rising power prices, including a £200 loan in October to assist with soaring gas and electricity demands. But Mr Lewis called the idea "hideously unpopular" and urged the Government to offer a guarantee that lower to middle-income earners would get support with at least half of their new energy bills. A poverty charity yesterday said the Government is not protecting the poorest from runaway prices, with out-of-work benefits at historically low levels. The 3.1 per cent benefits increase coming into effect today does not match inflation, which is expected to hit 7.7 per cent this month. This will see the greatest fall in the value of the basic rate of unemployment benefit in 50 years, said analysis by the Joseph Rowntree Foundation. Associate director Helen Barnard told Sky News yesterday: "For a decade we have had cuts and freezes to benefits, and actually for eight of the last 10 years benefits have been losing value, so we're already at a historic low. "Although benefits go up, they go up by so much less than the cost of living is rising. In terms of their values, how much bread and milk you can buy in the shops, it is the biggest fall in value since 1972." 