Fiona Dolman has played Sarah Barnaby in the hit ITV drama Midsomer Murders for the past 10 years and has starred in some shocking storylines. However, the one thing that hasn't faltered over the 10 years is her on and off-screen relationship with Neil Dudgeon, who plays her husband, Tom Barnaby. Joining Alan Titchmarsh on his ITV chat show Love Your Weekend, Fiona opened up about their relationship and admitted that there can be some "naughtiness" when working together. Alan commented: "There is clearly a great rapport with you and Neil [Dudgeon], you clearly get on with one another!" Fiona smiled and explained: "Yeah! We got on from, I think, day one really, he is a fantastically good actor, and he is great fun to work with. "There is a real naughtiness, and we'll discuss how we are going to do something, and then he'll just throw something slightly different. "So we have a lot of fun playing them, but obviously it is 10 years, and you don't get that a lot as an actor, so it means that we sort of fall into that role of being that old married couple. READ MORE: Cillian Murphy says goodbye to Peaky Blinders "You do slightly bicker, and I'll get a script through the post, and I'll read it, and I can, I laugh because I can see what he is going to do or how he is going to say something!" Alan also touched on how long she had been in the show despite the 400 deaths that have occurred over the 25 years the programme has been running. He teased: "Midsomer has been going now for 25 years, if you see little things coming into the script like the marriage is getting a little rocky, then be very worried! "It's like treasure island, if you get a piece of paper with a black spot on it, be careful, be very afraid, everyone else in Midsomer is gone, but I'm sure you won't be next!" Fiona pleaded: "Please don't kill me off!" Throughout her time on the show, Fiona's real-life pregnancy was written into the plot of the show. The storyline saw Sarah and Tom welcome their daughter Betty, where twin girls were hired to play their offspring. Fiona previously opened up about filming scenes with two newborn babies and revealed that she saw a new side to Neil. DON'T MISS...Midsomer Murders issues 'racist' warning over Morris Dancer scenes  [INSIGHT]'I blame you' Holly Willoughby hits back after discovering book error [LATST]When is Midsomer Murders coming back? [WATCH] Back in 2015, Fiona explained: "We get a lot of time between takes to play with the girls and make silly baby noises. "You can get giggles out of them now, and it’s been fun seeing that side of Neil, it brings out the clown in him," she revealed. However, opposite to Fiona's opinion of the babies, Neil described the time filming with the twins as "challenging". He admitted one of the babies didn't like being strapped into the pushchair as he and Fiona said their lines. This ended up with the infant "screaming her head off" during the take. Despite the screaming, Neil hailed the "spontaneous quality" of his young co-stars, telling Daily Mail's Weekend Magazine they make the scenes "more real." The series is filmed almost entirely on location in the Chilterns area of Buckinghamshire and the neighbouring counties of Hertfordshire, Berkshire, Oxfordshire and Surrey. Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh airs Sunday at 10am on ITV.