Countdown star Rachel Riley joined host Anne Robinson and Susie Dent on Tuesday’s episode when the mathematician was left visibly stunned over a rude word that was commended in Dictionary Corner. As the two Channel 4 contestants went head-to-head in the letters round, columnist Giles Coren who was helping out Susie, proudly shared his eight-letter word “noshable” when the camera caught the former Strictly Come Dancing star with raised eyebrows.   After the 30-second timer was up, players Leigh and Craig shared with the 77-year-old host the six-letter words they had each come up with. Addressing Anne, Craig had answered with “enable” whereas Leigh had found the word “blouse”. The Channel 4 presenter then looked over to Susie and asked: “[What words did you get] in the corner?” Proudly revealing his winning answer, Giles chimed in: “Noshable!” READ MORE:'No appetite for Meghan to come back' Royal expert says   The writer went on to explain: “When you have a delicious lunch and it’s noshable.” Turning to Susie, the 52-year-old asked: “Is that any good?” The lexicographer confirmed with Giles: “It is in the dictionary, yes, [it means] tasty.” “Very, very good,” Susie smiled as the camera quickly panned to Rachel who was standing in front of the Countdown tiles with the word spelt out, looking rather red-faced.  Susie praised the contestant even further when she gushed: “You can’t beat it.” On social media, Rachel shared a snap of the moment on her Twitter account for her 696k followers and fans rushed to share their thoughts over the innuendo. @mellyandconnor asked: “Is that actually a real word,” along with a crying laughing emoji. While @JordanHarding96 quipped: “Your face says it all.” (sic)   Both Susie and Rachel also appear on the 8 Out Of 10 Cats does Countdown spin-off show. The comedy panel show, which is hosted by Jimmy Carr, sees a set of comedians putting their knowledge to the test with unfiltered word teasers, unlike its original pre-watershed quiz show. The comedy show has had its fair share of rude words spelt out over the years when players ask for a random assortment of vowels and consonants. Comedian Shappi Khorsandi once spelt out a very awkward word which left the mother-of-two in fits of giggles. As the contestants tried to find words in the random string of letters, the comic spelt out the word "orgasmed" and Rachel tried her hardest to maintain a professional expression. The maths whizz spoke about her presenting role on the comedy show and claimed more goes into the work than what viewers are led to believe. Speaking to The Mirror back in 2018, she said: “Each show takes three hours to record and is cut down to 45 minutes. So the stuff on the edit floor can be even ­funnier. "The lawyers have to be ­involved to make sure some of it doesn't go out because it would end all of our careers. "A lot of the stuff is ­ad libbed and very funny, but they also put effort into preparing and making it look funny." Countdown airs weekdays on Channel 4 at 2.10pm 