The Duke of Sussex made the decision to not attend his late grandfather's memorial service last month. The service was held at Westminster Abbey on March 29. Prince Harry's absence from the service did not go unnoticed. GB News presenter Calvin Robinson spoke to Sky News Australia last week and discussed the Duke's "no-show" at the memorial and how he has "lost all sense of service duty to the UK" with the snub. Speaking on the Sussexes not attending, Mr Robinson said: "They should have been there to support her [the Queen] "Not only that but because its his grandmother and its the loss of his grandfather." He added that the Duke seems to have "lost all sense of service and duty and obligation to his family but also to the nation to our wider community of the Commonwealth". The royal expert how he wouldn't attend the memorial but is going to other events. It "just says everything doesn't it", he claimed. READ MORE: Lilibet could meet Prince Charles and Camilla for first time in Canada during royal trip Mr Robinson said: "He's willing to align himself with singers and celebrity culture but he cannot go home to mourn the loss of a loved national figure" "It really is sad because you would just think he would be there for the Queen at the very least." Although there wasn't any statement released, by either Harry or Meghan, the reason reported as to why he chose not to attend was the Duke's security concerns for his family His fears, which he has stated numerous times before, have led him to launch a case against the Home Office. The Duke is in a dispute with the British Government over security concerns. READ MORE: Kate and William ban their children from using social media - '100 percent disagree' Harry has previously said that it would be unsafe for him and his family to return to the UK, without having police protection officers in attendance. The Duke and wife Meghan have not returned to the UK together since making their decision to step down as working royals. Although the Duke has returned twice alone. The first time was for Prince Philip's funeral. At the time of the funeral, Meghan was pregnant with their daughter Lilibet. The second time was to unveil a statue of his mother, the late Diana, Princess of Wales, alongside his brother Prince William. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] Prince Harry and Meghan currently reside in the US with their two children, two-year-old son Archie and daughter Lilibet, who will turn one in June. The pair are due to fly to the Netherlands this week for the Invictus Games. The Games is an international sporting event for wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women, both serving and veterans. It was founded by Prince Harry in 2014. This year's event is due to take place between April 16 to 22.