Rachel Riley, 36, has sparked backlash by weighing in on the Johnny Depp, 58, and Amber Heard, 36, trial and admitting she is "shocked" anyone would not believe the actress' account of their tumultuous relationship. The Countdown star believes Johnny is a "monster" due to previous court evidence, however, many social media users took to the comments to disagree with the star. Yesterday, Rachel took to Twitter to share her opinion on Johnny's libel case against Amber. She shared a screenshot of one of Johnny's messages shown as evidence from 2016, along with a thread supporting Amber. Rachel captioned the post in view of her 696,700 followers: "This thread, 1000 times over. "There has already been a judgement (so detailed it's 129 pages long) showing Depp to be a monster. "This is one of his own messages in evidence. How so many people can help him abuse his victim now is completely shocking." READ MORE: Loose Women's Nadia Sawalha strips down to bikini in clip Rachel was responding to social media user NataliePage31's comment about the trial, where she said: "If you are condoning this treatment of victims you are helping to ensure that abusers are allowed to continue. "After 12 beatings being proved by #AmberHeard including one that lasted 3 DAYS, she should be able to say 'I survived domestic abuse' without a $100M bounty on her head." Rachel then furthered her point in a follow up tweet, as she penned: "I can only imagine anyone defending him has not read this judgment, and hopes no one else has either. "Here’s the link. No one in their right mind could defend this man." Many social media users leapt to the post's comments to share their views on the trial and Rachel's defence of Amber. AnissaCMTaylor strongly disagreed with Rachel, as she posted a series of tweets to the brainiac. She began: "Read the judgment. Read the appeal. Heard the audios. Seen the pictures. Read the texts. Read the LAPD testimony. Watched the LAPD body cam footage. "Know about the charity lies. Don't believe her. Not because it's Johnny Depp, but because the evidence points to her as the abuser. DON'T MISS... Madonna, 63, issues expletive fan warning after split from boyfriend [INSTAGRAM] Brian May, 74, sparks concern in 'poorly' update as he's struck down [HEALTH] Jeremy Clarkson apologises to Amazon's Jeff Bezos after mix-up [COMMENT] "Judge Azcarate also ruled the UK proceedings, of which Amber was not a party so didn't have her evidence examined the same way as if she was a party, unfair & didn't allow Amber's attempt to use it to dismiss the Fairfax proceedings. "One of her many attempts to have it dismissed. It should be noted that Justice Nicol decided that Amber Heard could not have thrown objects at Johnny because she was in her Pyjamas. "This is an illogical decision. He said she couldn't be a gold digger because she had donated her settlement to charity. This has been shown false." AshSpag joked: "I'd stick to Maths if I were you Rachel!" 80sDepphead added: "Judge Penney Azcarate who is presiding over the US case disagrees with you.....which is why she denied Heard's FOURTH attempt to get this case dismissed. "Therefore, I'd say people need to pay attention to her opinion over yours. Just sayin'." (sic) Other social media users however agreed with the Countdown star and her claims about the case. Galacien said: "100% agree with @RachelRileyRR. But the legions of insane Depp fans don't see anything aside from their blinkered world view." It comes after Johnny took to the stand to conclude his testimony in the $50 million libel case against Amber this week. The Hollywood actor is suing Amber for defamation over a 2018 article she wrote in The Washington Post. Johnny's lawyers say the piece falsely implies that he physically and sexually abused her. Amber describes herself as a "public figure representing domestic abuse" in the lengthy article. Johnny claims the article, which does not mention him by name, is defamatory and derailed his career. He has subsequently been stripped of his Jack Sparrow role in the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise, along with being replaced by Mads Mikkelsen in the Fantastic Beasts films. Amber is counter-suing her ex-husband for $100 million and the case is expected to last around six weeks.