On Wednesday, European Commission head Ursula von der Leyen said there were more EU sanctions to come against Russia. The EU was looking into oil and revenues Russia gets from fossil fuels, she said. But Italian Prime Minister Mario Draghi said that halting gas imports from Russia is not being considered at the EU level, in a move that showed deep divisions in the bloc. "A gas embargo is not yet on the table and I don't know if it will ever be," Mr Draghi told reporters at a news conference. He said that if gas flows from Moscow were suspended Italy still had reserves to cover its needs until late October. Italy is heavily dependent on Russia for its gas supplies, but Draghi said if a consensus emerges at the EU level to block gas imports, "we will be perfectly happy to comply." But speaking to reporters, the Italian leader highlighted a deep rift between EU states over Russia sanctions. He said: "If they propose a gas embargo and if the European Union is united on this, we will be more than happy to comply. "Whatever the measure that we will consider more important and more efficient to allow peace, because this is what we want. "We ask ourselves if the price of gas can be traded with peace. "Faced with these two options, what do we prefer? Peace or heating, or air conditioning on for the whole summer? "I would put it under these terms. "What do you say if you ask yourself that question? "Do you prefer peace or air condition on? "That’s the question we should ask ourselves." Like Germany, Hungary is also adamant it will veto any proposals to cut energy ties with Russia, with Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban saying it is an absolute "red line" for his country. European Union envoys are set to approve today a ban on Russian coal that would take full effect from mid-August, a month later than initially planned, two EU sources told Reuters, following pressure from Germany to delay the measure. READ MORE: Desperate Russian claims US general captured destroyed by BBC expert  The phase-out of EU imports of Russian coal is the cornerstone measure in a fifth package of sanctions against Russia that the EU Commission proposed this week, as a reaction to atrocities in the Ukrainian town of Bucha. Once approved, it will be the EU's first ban on any import of energy from Russia since the start of what the Kremlin calls a "special operation" in Ukraine on February 24. Oil and gas, which represent far bigger imports from Moscow, are still untouched. The EU Commission had initially proposed a wind-down period of three months for existing contracts, meaning that Russia could effectively still export coal to the EU for 90 days after sanctions were imposed, according to a document seen by Reuters. But that period has been extended to four months, the sources who are familiar with the discussions told Reuters on condition of anonymity. DON'T MISS:SNP election win the 'End of Scotland' [INSIGHT]‘We voted for Brexit, we got BRINO!’ Leavers rally against PM [REACTION]'Are you kidding me?!' Ukrainian MP erupts at Sky News' Mark Austin [VIDEO] That followed pressure mostly from Germany, the EU's main importer of Russian coal. With sanctions expected to take effect later this week, or early the next, after publication in the EU official journal, Russian companies will effectively be able to export coal to the EU until mid-August under existing contracts. One diplomat said most coal contracts were short term, and a wind-down period of 90 days would have allowed most of them to be concluded without the need for cancellation, avoiding legal risks. Some contracts however last longer than one year. Much of Europe's buying of Russian coal is in the spot market, rather than long-term contracts. Those spot purchases would be halted immediately after sanctions are imposed. Despite being slightly watered down from the initial proposal, the EU's planned ban on Russian coal is more ambitious than Britain's, which has said it planned to ban coal imports from Russia by the end of the year. The EU Commission has estimated the coal ban could cost Russia 4 billion euros a year in lost revenue. The EU ban is expected to boost global imports of non-Russian coal, with prices potentially going up, although non-EU importers may benefit from lower prices for Russian coal.