John Travolta, 68, has been spotted shopping in a local Morrisons. The Grease star left locals taken aback as he bought some essentials in the Fakenham branch of the store in Norfolk. Shoppers were stunned at having spotted the A-Lister doing some shopping on a Saturday afternoon. Some locals reported their reactions to seeing the Hollywood legend browsing down the aisles. Gary Middleton, 46, a part-time security guard at the store, bumped into John as the actor was checking out the bread counter. The security guard said that he didn’t even have to approach the star, as he came up to him first. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show He said: “I didn't even go up to him, he just came up to me and shook my hand. “We had a really nice chat." The guard explained that once the Pulp Fiction actor was recognised, fans got very excited. Gary revealed that John was happy to take the time to chat with shoppers. He also stayed in the supermarket for an hour so that staff and shoppers could take pictures with him. Gary added to ITV News: “When I put it on my Facebook everyone said I was mucking around. “They didn't believe it was true but it was." Another shopper, Nicola Gee, also had her photo taken with the megastar. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] John also visited a local Dereham Wetherspoons for a drink on Thursday evening. Staff at the pub (Romany Rye), expressed that it was a big surprise to see the Hollywood actor there. Jamie Salter, who was working in the pub at the time, explained that he couldn’t believe it was actually John. He said: “Meeting John Travolta was unreal; Dereham doesn’t usually play host to some of the most famous Hollywood stars on the planet. “I feel extremely lucky to have met him as it certainly wasn’t what I expected to experience on a Thursday night out in Dereham. “I enjoy going to The Romany Rye often and never would have anticipated my night going this way." The reason for John’s visit to pubs and supermarkets in the local area might be explained by the fact that he is believed to be filming in Norfolk. It is understood that the star is involved in a shoot at Raynham Hangar Studios, based at an old airfield in West Raynham. It is thought that the star’s next film is a thriller, named Paradise City.