In a show of unity over demands for him to resign over Partygate, ministers and backbenchers ­said Mr Johnson would continue ­“delivering on the priorities of the British people”. Allies also pointed to his handling of the pandemic and leading Western support for Ukraine. Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries said that the June 19 2020 incident, during which the PM was given a birthday cake, was “a brief gathering in the Cabinet Room, less than 10 minutes during a busy working day”. She added: “The Prime Minister is at his best when delivering on the priorities of the British people, which he will continue to do.” Temperatures also appeared to cool among Tory backbenchers who previously called for Mr Johnson to go. Andrew Bridgen said he was “very disappointed that so many in Number 10, including the Prime Minister, were found to have breached the rules they set for the rest of us”. But he added: “This is not the time to remove the PM given the international situation.” And arch-Johnson critic Sir Roger Gale said: “I am not prepared to give [Russian president] Vladimir Putin the ­comfort of thinking that we are about to unseat the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and destabilise the coalition against Putin. “So any reaction to this is going to have to wait until we have dealt with the main crisis, which is Ukraine and the Donbas.” Scottish Tory leader Douglas Ross, who previously called for Mr Johnson to resign, said ousting him now “would destabilise the UK Government when we need to be united in the face of Russian aggression and the murdering of innocent Ukrainians”. He said: “The public are rightly furious at what happened in Downing Street during the pandemic. “However...in the middle of war in Europe when Vladimir Putin is committing war crimes and the UK is Ukraine’s biggest ally, as President (Volodymyr) Zelensky said at the weekend, it wouldn’t be right to remove the Prime Minister at this time.” Middle East minister Amanda Milling said Mr Johnson was “the right person to lead the country and focus on getting on with the job of delivering for the British people and protecting Ukraine from the tyranny of Russia”. MP Chris Clarkson said: “Right now, the Prime Minister’s focus needs to be on Ukraine, where he’s been setting the standard for world leaders, and on tackling domestic challenges like the cost of living. “Anything else is a self-indulgence that none of us can afford. There’s too much at stake.” Northern Ireland minister Conor Burns added: “There is a big job to rebuild trust. On the ground in Northern Ireland, the importance of that work cannot be overstated. As a Government, we must focus on delivery for the people every day, led by the Prime Minister.” Chief Secretary to the Treasury, Simon Clarke, backed both Mr Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak, after he had also received a fine. He said: “Their efforts during the pandemic have ensured the UK­ is now free of restrictions and avoided economic catastrophe. “I, for one, am grateful to them for everything they have done for our country.” Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said Mr Johnson and Mr Sunak had her “100 per cent backing”. She said they were “delivering for Britain on many fronts, including on the international security crisis we face”. And Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng said: “The Prime Minister has apologised unreservedly. We now need to put this behind us and get on with the job the people elected us to do. “There is a deadly war on European soil and we are recovering from a global pandemic. The Prime Minister has my full support as we navigate these challenges.” Cabinet minister Nigel Adams said: “The PM has apologised again for spending nine minutes in his office at 2pm as work colleagues came in and wished him a happy birthday. Now let’s let him get on with the job.” Tory Party chairman Oliver Dowden tweeted: “At a time when we face an energy crisis and conflict in Ukraine, I’m fully behind him in getting on with the job.” THE Partygate bomb has finally exploded but without the devastating impact that might have once been expected. As the fallout from the police fines continues to reverberate, the crisis engulfing the Prime Minister is serious but not yet terminal. If the device had exploded a couple of months ago, in the wake of the partial publication of the damning report by senior civil servant Sue Gray into lockdown breaches, then Boris Johnson almost certainly would have been finished. But the long delay, while the police conducted their investigation, has not only weakened the force of the explosion but has also allowed the Prime Minister to rebuild some of his shattered authority, particularly through his statesmanlike handling of the Ukrainian war. Since Vladimir Putin’s invasion in late February, Johnson has emerged as Ukraine’s staunchest ally and the West’s most effective leader. “Be brave like Boris,” declared President Volodymyr Zelensky during their walkabout in Kyiv on Saturday. Even some of the Prime Minister’s fiercest Tory critics, such as veteran North Thanet MP Sir Roger Gale, now argue that, because of the conflict, this is not the right time for a change in the premiership. Such a move, says Sir Roger, would only “give comfort to Vladimir Putin”. Moreover, Johnson and his Chancellor Rishi Sunak, another recipient of a fixed penalty notice, have a huge domestic agenda to tackle, led by the cost-of-living crisis, the continuing threat of Covid and the potential break-up of the union arising from the Northern Ireland elections in a fortnight. Republican Sinn Fein are expected to win those. In addition, since the mid-19th century, no Prime Minister has ever been forced from office against his will without the loss of an election, health, party confidence or major policy. Partygate fits none of those. Yet despite the altered circumstances, there is no guarantee Boris will survive. Never before has a sitting Prime Minister been found guilty of breaking the law. Even worse, this case has exposed epic hypocrisy and dishonesty at the heart of Downing Street. Johnson was the architect the tough Covid regime, reinforced by stern lectures from his podium, yet he refused to abide by the very rules he imposed on others. At a time when families were barred from seeing loved ones, even on their deathbeds, Downing Street was living it up. At least six times, Boris said he had “followed the guidance” on Covid, a patently false claim. During this saga, he has lived down to his reputation for entitlement, self-indulgence and deceit as well as poor management of the Government machine. Any attempt in the near future to present the Tories as the party of law and order or efficiency will be greeted with derision. The Opposition at Westminster is in full cry, demanding the resignation of both the Prime Minister and his Chancellor. “The Conservatives are totally unfit to govern,” says Labour’s Sir Keir Starmer, leading the charge. Boris has had a stroke of good fortune in that Parliament is in recess and is unlikely to be recalled imminently. In truth, however, his fate will be decided by his own MPs and they will wait until the outcome of the local elections in May. If the Tories haemorrhage votes, a rebellion against him may become unstoppable. That is probably the most fair way of resolving the issue. In a democracy, the future of the Prime Minister should be settled, not by the noisy, media-led mob but by the ballot box.