Russian military expert Viktor Baranets confirmed on state TV Moscow had approved and built a "filtration camp" to take in prisoners of war from across Ukraine. Baranets said he was "pleased" with the capacity as he suggested the camps could be used to also interrogate anyone interned, hinting the facilities could be used for further purposes. Moscow has reportedly moved hundreds from the bordering regions of Luhansk and Donetsk into Russia, with claims emerging of Ukrainians being deprived of their documents and being moved thousands of miles away. Speaking to Russia 1, Baranets said: " Anyone who held a weapon in their hands. "Filtration, interrogation, and so on, Lady Justice of Donetsk knows how to treat criminals. "Especially since a place is already prepared for POWs in the Donetsk region. "I was pleased with the number, that it can accept 100,000 POWs. That's normal, the sooner they come, the better." READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG Mariupol residents reported having been "filtrated" by the Russian Army before being allowed to stay in Ukraine rather than being transported to Russia. Dmitriy, 31, told DW News the invading forces had told them they could be "evacuated" across the border but he and his family were able to remain by bypassing the largest filtration camps. He said: "Everything went smoothly, perhaps because I gave the 'right' answers. I had heard shouts and men who had asked why Russia had invaded and had ruined their homes and lives being insulted. "In the end, I was given a piece of paper, which stated that I had gone through the filtration process. With it, I could stay on the territory of the so-called 'Donetsk People's Republic' and enter Russia. READ MORE: Russia fire: Panic as coal-fired power plant goes up in flames - massive smoke clouds "In the end, a private driver brought us from Donetsk to Poland via Russia. At the Russian border, I saw leaflets with the heading 'The far east of Russia is waiting for you.' "People told me that those who took up the offer were given 10,000 rubles (£111) and some kind of job. Finally, we were able to cross the Russian-Latvian border and breathe a sigh of relief. "Now, we are in Poland and want to go on to Austria where we have friends." Kyiv warned on Friday that the talks on ending Russia's invasion, now in its third month, were in danger of collapse. DON'T MISS Putin on brink as Russian army 'may not survive in Donbas' [INSIGHT]Putin to face coup as men blow 'their one chance' in key battle [REVEAL]Putin desperately 'worried' about coup plot amid mysterious deaths [NEWS] There have been no face-to-face peace talks since March 29, and the atmosphere has soured over Ukrainian allegations that Russian troops carried out atrocities as they withdrew from areas near Kyiv. Moscow has denied the claims. "We are in favour of continuing the negotiations, although they are difficult," Lavrov said. Moscow calls its actions in Ukraine a "special operation" to demilitarise its neighbour and rid it of extreme anti-Russian nationalism fomented by the West. Ukraine and the West say Russia launched an unprovoked war of aggression. Ukraine's Western allies have frozen around half of Moscow's state gold and foreign currency reserves and imposed severe restrictions on trade with Russia, hammering its economy and putting it on the brink of sovereign default.