The Prince of Wales, 73, took the Queen’s place at the traditional Maundy Thursday event on Thursday which kicked off the long Easter weekend. But although the monarch, 95, nor Prince Charles were among the senior royals out in force for the Sunday service on the grounds of Windsor Castle, Prince Charles issued a heartfelt message on the day paying tribute to his parents. Prince Charles nodded to the experiences he had with his father, the late Duke of Edinburgh, at services over the Easter weekend in decades past. Prince Philip died in April last year aged 99, mere months from his 100th birthday. Writing in a first-person caption on the Clarence House Instagram page, Prince Charles recalled years in which both of his parents attended Easter services alongside the future king. The caption read: “This year I had the enormous privilege of representing Her Majesty The Queen at the Service for Maundy Thursday, when Christians remember that humility and sacrifice are at the heart of our faith. “At that service, which he attended with my mother so many times over the years, my father, The Duke of Edinburgh, always used to read the Gospel which tells how on the night of the Last Supper, Jesus knelt before his disciples and washed their travel-weary feet.” The future king then used his Easter message to reference the ongoing war in Ukraine, as a result of which “millions of people find themselves displaced, wearied by their journey from troubled places, wounded by the past, fearful of the future – and in need of a welcome, of rest, and of kindness”. He described how the “sufferings of innocent victims” in conflicts such as the invasion of Ukraine left him “heartbroken”, as did hearing the “stories of unutterable tragedy” of those fleeing wars. He then said: “But amidst all this sadness and inhumanity, it has been profoundly moving to see how so many people are ready to open their homes to those in need, and how they have offered their time and their resources to help those facing such soul-destroying sorrow and hardship. READ MORE: Zara and Mike Tindall step out to support Firm at Easter Sunday service “This Easter, as always, we are reminded of Our Lord’s timeless example of goodness in the face of suffering, of courage in the face of fear, of faith in the face of despair. “His light triumphed in that dark time. I pray with all my heart that his inspiring example might help us all dispel the darkness of the world…” It was announced on Thursday that the Queen would not attend the Easter Sunday service at Windsor, which is now Her Majesty’s permanent residence. Her Majesty has cancelled numerous engagements in recent months, as other senior royals step up their duties in her stead. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry reduces youth reporters to tears [LIVE] Putin's mouthpiece loses it on live state TV when asked to explain war [REPORT] Queen Camilla would have had Diana's blessing, claims royal expert [INSIGHT] Prince Charles is among this number, taking charge of the Maundy tradition of handing out “alms” to certain pensioners nominated by local communities. Her Majesty, 95, traditionally distributes money to the elderly nominated by the local communities and dioceses. Maundy Thursday commemorates Jesus washing the feet of his disciples at the Last Supper. The Queen has scaled back her public appearances in recent months amid a series of health scares and reports of reduced mobility. The Queen contracted COVID-19 in February, revealing last week the virus left her “very tired and exhausted” as she chatted with staff and patients from the Royal London Hospital. The Queen tested positive for Covid two days after Prince Charles revealed he had contracted the disease following a visit to his mother two days prior. A number of people within the royal household at Windsor contracted Covid at the same time. The Queen missed the annual Commonwealth Day celebration in March, which was led by Prince Charles in her absence, and Her Majesty commented on her difficulty moving about to a Windsor visitor back in February. She said: “As you can see, I can't move.” The Queen also spent a night in hospital in October last year, before returning to Windsor.