Comedian Seann Walsh has joked that he was offered £250,000 to film an x-rated video with his Strictly Come Dancing partner Katya Jones, but claimed it didn't happen as she turned down the offer. The star, 36, made the comments on his Comedy Special on Youtube, Seann Walsh: Kiss, four years after his Strictly stint with Katya, 32, where the pair were caught locking lips. At the time, the funnyman was with girlfriend Rebecca Humphries while Katya was married to Strictly pro Neil Jones. After Seann and Katya were pictured kissing, the comedian and Strictly star went on to issue public apologies. In his new comedy show, Seann joked that he was approached by a porn channel to film an x-rated movie with the Strictly star. He joked in front of his audience: "Television X, The porn channel, remember that? READ MORE: Kelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home "[They] Offered me £250,000 to do a porn film with Katya!" However, he joked that the Strictly pro declined the offer, adding: "But she said no!” Express.co.uk has contacted Katya's representatives for comment. Seann and Katya were pictured kissing during the 2018 series of the popular dance show. Addressing the backlash to the kiss, he said on his show: "I was dubbed the most hated comedian in the country. "The most hated comedian in the country! "Only I could go on Strictly Come Dancing and come out the most hated comedian in the country. What a f***ing c***!" he raged. Katya and Neil announced that they had decided to separate in the summer of 2019. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan responds to Gary Linker following jibe over new show [ANALYSIS]Sue Perkins fumes at government over Channel 4 privatisation decision [INSIGHT]Craig Revel Horwood postpones ‘expensive’ wedding to fiancé again [UPDATE] Since then, they have remained good friends and colleagues on Strictly and frequently feature on each other's social media pages. Last year, Seann told how he battled with mental health struggles after facing backlash over his kiss with the Russian dance star. Speaking to former athlete turned lifestyle coach Mark Whittle on his podcast Take FLIGHT, Seann revealed that the kiss "ruined" his life after causing his mental health problems to resurface. Addressing the kiss with his dance partner, the comedian said it was a moment that changed his life forever. The star revealed that his panic attacks returned, which he suffered from while in his early twenties. Speaking to the podcast host, he candidly admitted: “The panic attacks came back – big, big panic attacks and I ended up having what I later found out were vertigo seizures." Seann went on to explain that he "relives" scenes from that period of his life, which can physically take a toll on him. He said: "I have to relive what happened. Still, I can be ok then suddenly the memories of it all come back."