Manchester United will give Erik ten Hag a right to veto transfers just like they did with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Jose Mourinho, according to reports. The Ajax boss has reached a verbal agreement with the Red Devils when it comes to taking charge next term. And it seems like he’ll be charged with the task of re-awakening one of Europe’s biggest sleeping giants. Manchester United have reached an agreement with Ten Hag that will see him become their fifth manager since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. And, now, ESPN say the Red Devils are ready to work in tandem with the 52-year-old as they plan for a better future. It’s stated that United will give Ten Hag the power to veto signings, just like they did with Solskjaer and Mourinho. And that’s to ensure they don’t recruit any more flops, having had a mixed record in the transfer market ever since Ferguson walked away. Ten Hag, the publication says, wanted assurances over the club's structure, recruitment process and how much money will be available to strengthen the squad. It appears he’s now got them, with the 52-year-old destined to succeed Ralf Rangnick come the end of the summer. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United are primed to overhaul their squad at the end of the season and Ten Hag will have some targets in mind. It’s been reported that he’d try and bring Antony with him to the Premier League, though Juventus are also believed to be keen on the Brazil international. Jurrien Timber is another player being linked with the Red Devils, too, having impressed Ten Hag over in Amsterdam. And United, behind the scenes, have interest in West Ham and Tottenham stars Declan Rice and Harry Kane. It will take a fee close to £150million to land Rice, though, with Hammers boss David Moyes adamant his prized asset isn’t for sale. And it would likely take a similar amount for United to snap up Kane, especially if Tottenham qualify for next season’s Champions League. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Regarding outgoings, Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani are all expected to leave on free transfers. Cristiano Ronaldo’s long-term future remains uncertain, with the veteran unlikely to tolerate anything less than Champions League football. And United could also lose the likes of Eric Bailly, Dean Henderson and Anthony Martial as well. Rio Ferdinand was asked about Ten Hag before the Red Devils lost 1-0 to Everton on Saturday afternoon. And he urged United to give the Dutchman every possible chance of succeeding at the club given their issues since Ferguson’s retirement. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “Ten Hag if he is the guy that does come in, we're hearing reports saying it might be,” he said. “Listen, I don't think there is any candidate out there that is being talked about and you go, he's the guy. “He's definitely going to give us an opportunity to get back to winning or challenging at all right now. “I just think he needs support, he is someone that needs a framework around him, in order to be able to execute. “I’m talking about behind the scenes, recruitment etc. then he needs to provide the foundations for the framework around the team.” Ferdinand then added: “He needs to build a culture, you look at the man Sir Alex Ferguson, what he done here. “He built a culture over many years and he had lots of support over that time. "He built a culture, managers nowadays have to do it much quicker. “Look at Pep (Guardiola) and Jurgen Klopp it has took them a couple of years to build that culture and implement that. “This manager will need that time, but he has to show the signs from early on to do that.”