Square Enix could have a few unannounced JRPGs up its sleeve that will be joining Final Fantasy 16. While the next mainline entry in the iconic series is one of the most eagerly anticipated games coming from Square Enix, details on what else the Shinjuku-based dev is working on may also have emerged. Besides Final Fantasy 16 and Final Fantasy 7 Remake, Square Enix could also be gearing up to release a Final Fantasy 9 Remake and a remaster of Final Fantasy Tactics. This news comes courtesy of a Nvidia GeForce now leak which first emerged last October, but as time has gone has proved to be more and more reliable. The leak listed a tonne of unannounced games from devs such as Sony, Microsoft, SEGA and Capcom. However, as time has gone on more and more games on the Nvidia GeForce now leak have been officially announced. Games mentioned in the Nvidia GeForce Now leak which previously were unannounced but later got confirmed include the Chrono Cross Remaster, Kingdom Hearts 4 and Street Fighter 6.  Not only does this make the leak seem authentic, but it makes the other unannounced games mentioned in the leak seem more certain. And if you're a Final Fantasy fan that's great news as the Nvidia leak mentioned a Final Fantasy 9 Remake and Final Fantasy Tactics Remaster are on the horizon. Final Fantasy 9 was the final mainline FF game to launch on the PS1, and holds much nostalgia for gamers - with the 2000 RPG returning to the medieval style setting of the first five Final Fantasy games, after VI, VII and VIII opted for steampunk or cyberpunk settings.  Final Fantasy Tactics, meanwhile, as the name suggests is a tactical role-playing game released in the 90s for the PS1. The RPG was only released in the US and Japan, with UK and European gamers unfortunately missing out but subsequent entries in the Tactics series were released worldwide. It remains to be seen how close Square Enix are to announced these Final Fantasy games. But with Final Fantasy 16 rumoured to be launching sometime this year, it wouldn't be a surprise for these Square Enix games to either appear during a PlayStation event this summer or to be announced during an event the Japanese dev and publisher is holding in the coming months. 