Piers Morgan has been absent from TV since March 2021 after he stormed off Good Morning Britain live on air after entering a heated debate with weatherman Alex Beresford. He quit the show that evening and laid low off of TV shows ever since. However, he has since joined a rival channel with his new show Uncensored, featuring another "storming off" moment, this time courtesy of Donald Trump. During a recent episode of This Morning, Holly Willoughby made a cheeky jibe at her former ITV colleague when she branded Piers and Trump's world exclusive interview as "unbalanced". Discussing the fact that Donald Trump has called for Queen Elizabeth II to strip Prince Harry and Meghan Markle of their titles in a preview of the Piers chat, Holly took her chance to make a sly dig. On Monday's This Morning, she said to Phillip Schofield and their guest during the Morning View: "Let's talk about Trump now then. "He has been quiet for a long time, but now he is back! Donald Trump has called for the Queen to strip Prince Harry and Meghan Markle of their royal titles. "He's never been a fan of Meghan anyway, has he? Right from the get-go, he has always been quite opinionated about things and seems to blame her for, well, all of it." Royal correspondent Camilla Tominey chipped in: "Well, also, he is talking to Piers Morgan, who isn't a fan of Meghan either, so this was..." READ MORE: Jane McDonald forced to explain awkward wardrobe mishap "Not much balance in that chat," Holly interrupted, seemingly jibing at the unbalanced tone of the interview. Camilla continued: "Perhaps not, and is the Queen going to start stripping them of any more titles? Look, they are not able to use their HRH title when they are in America. "But they are still referred to as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex because that was a title that she gave them upon their marriage and nothing really changes that even if they are outside of the family. "This is the careful balancing act that we have seen with statements from the Queen talking about the fact that recollections may vary after the Oprah Winfrey interview. "But also say they remain much-loved members of the family and we nowhere that they probably will take a role in the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. "They might not be able to be as official in that capacity because they are no longer working royals, but if they are on the balcony, then they are on the balcony, and I think there are mixed feelings about that behind palace gates." After listening to Camilla's points, former politician Gyles Brandreth snubbed: "This is a promo for Piers Morgan, and his new show and Donald Trump's old mate has helped with it! "They have had a bit of a row and a ding dong during it, but that is what it is, it is a promo for Piers, promo for Trump, and I don't think we need to take any of it seriously at all, she loves her grandson." DON'T MISS...'Britain's Got Egos' Piers Morgan shares pic from Amanda Holden's home [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan says Boris Johnson talked Trump out of first interview [LATEST]Piers Morgan says Meghan Markle 'disowned' him like dad Thomas Markle [WATCH] Speaking in his interview with Piers tonight, Trump said: "The only thing I disagree with the Queen on, probably one of the only things ever, is that I think she should have said, 'If that’s your choice, fine. But you no longer have titles'. "You know, and frankly, 'don’t come around', just because her loyalty is to the country. "She said that many times. Her loyalty is to the country. And I think that he has been so disrespectful to the country, and it’s a great country. "You know, here’s my issue with it. I think that they’ve quit the country, they quit royal duty, they’re living in luxury and California. "They want to use their royal titles to exploit them for massive financial gain. Without any of the duty that comes with the royal titles. "I don’t think you can have your royal cake and eat it. That’s my argument about it." Trump also told Piers that he doesn't think Harry and Meghan's marriage is going to last. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.