The Princess Royal, accompanied by her husband Sir Tim Laurence, will arrive in Sydney for a working visit for a three-day whirlwind tour starting on Saturday and will then go onto visit Papua New Guinea from Monday, Buckingham Palace has confirmed. The princess is set to attend many events during her short visit to Australia and will then go on to visit the Independent State of Papua New Guinea for a three-day tour. While in Australia, Princess Anne will attend the opening ceremony of the bicentennial Sydney Royal Easter Show, as well as visit the Rural Fire Service and Sea Heritage Foundation, along with other royal engagements. The Sydney Royal Easter Show made a comeback last year after the 2020 event was cancelled due to the pandemic. Last year, as many as 800,000 people attended the event over the course of its tenure, breaking five attendance records since it moved to Sydney Olympic Park in 1998.     The Queen is the only reigning monarch who has attended the show in the past. The princess, who is the patron of the Royal Agricultural Society of the Commonwealth, will also take part in a patronages dinner at the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron and attend a garden. Her final engagement in South New Wales will be a visit as Colonel-in-Chief to the Royal Australian Corps of Signals and Royal Australian Corps of Transport. The Colonel-in-Chief of a regiment is usually a royal patron, who has a ceremonial role in the life of the regiment and are kept informed of all important activities of the regiment and day occasional visits to its units.  READ MORE: Prince Andrew photo row erupts at lavish London art club     The Queen's only daughter, acting on her behalf, will continue on her tour to Australia's closest neighbour, Papua New Guinea. She will remain in the country for three days while carrying out a series of royal engagements in celebration of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. On the first stop of the visit, her royal highness will visit students at the Caritas Technical Secondary School. She will then go on to open the National Cardiac Diagnostic Centre at Port Moresby General Hospital, as well as visit the St John Ambulance.  DON'T MISS: Princess Charlotte loves acting just like Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]The Queen still visits Prince Philip's 'spacious retirement home' [COMMENT]Charles and William 'angry' at Harry as he 'put words in their mouths' [VIDEO] The Princess Royal will also open a Women's Resource Centre in the Vabukori Village and meet elders and community leaders in Hanuabada Village. To finish up her tour on April 13, Princess Anne will visit the Bomana War Cemetary which contains 3,824 Commonwealth soldiers from the Second World War. She will then stop at the Adventure Park in the island country and finally conclude her visit at the National Museum and Art Gallery. The tour was confirmed in February while the Queen was recovering from Covid. At the time, in a statement, organisers of the event confirmed Anne was “specifically coming to Australia in her role as patron of the Royal Agricultural Society of the Commonwealth.” 