Many married women and civil partners forget to include their partner’s pension in joint assets when separating, even though it may be worth more than their house in some cases. They could end up in poverty as a result, experts warn. Divorce laws are changing from today, April 6, allowing couples to separate without blaming each other for the breakdown of their marriage. Lawyers say the new “no-fault divorce” system will be kinder to couples and their children, as pinning blame on one partner made splitting more acrimonious. The reforms are the biggest shake up in 50 years and should make the system in England and Wales cheaper, quicker and simpler. Yet it will not eliminate disputes over dividing financial assets, and women must make sure they get their fair share of any workplace or personal pensions, said April Ritchie, senior wealth management consultant at Mattioli Woods. “Pensions are often forgotten but can often be worth more than the family home.” There are three key ways to deal with pension splitting on divorce in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. Married couples and civil partners can choose to “offset” the value of any pensions against other assets, such as property. Alternatively, they can divide them for a clean break, known as pension “sharing”. The final option is called “earmarking”, where a chunk of one partner’s pension pot is set aside to be paid later. This can be risky as the former spouse could lose income if they remarry, or the pension holder dies. In Scotland, only the value of the pensions you built up during the marriage or civil partnership is considered. Anything before or after does not count. In England, Wales and Northern Ireland the total value of all pensions is taken into account. READ MORE: Divorce can leave you feeling completely alone   Couples should consider separate legal and financial advice to make sure both get a fair settlement, said Menna Cule, financial planner at wealth manager Brewin Dolphin. A financial adviser can help you draw up a list of assets including property, pension pots, investments, and a list your joint and individual outgoings. “That way, your legal advice is based on accurate information." Cule said cancel any financial commitments in joint names. “These include credit cards, joint accounts, personal loans and even overdrafts. Then set up afresh in your own name.” Life will be different once divorce is complete. “Most people know when a relationship is coming to an end, so start saving and planning for that moment.” Sarah Coles, senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, says beware running up debts during the split. “If you’re both named on the mortgage, then you’re both liable for the full amount, so try to maintain payments in the short term.” DON’T MISS:State pension rises £221 a year but cost of living jumps £3,000 [LATEST]Sunak’s income tax and NI raid starts TODAY – here’s how to fight back [WARNING]Rishi Sunak backlash grows – ‘I’m getting £2 extra pension' [REVEAL] If your ex refuses to pay their share, or you are struggling to pay yours, talk to the mortgage company, which may let you service the interest only for a period. Stop fighting with your ex if you can, she advised. “Each niggle will cost a fortune in legal fees, but don’t be bullied a poorer deal.” Start rebuilding your life as soon as possible, Coles said. “If you have run up debts or spent your emergency savings during the divorce, make paying them off and building up a cash safety net your priorities.” If relying on maintenance payments, you need to insure the life of the person paying them, to protect your family from all eventualities, Coles added. The blame game may be over, but that won't help if couples still end up accusing each other of messing each other’s their finances.