With the weather getting warmer, gardeners may be starting to cut their lawns again after a cold winter. Many gardeners may notice their lawn has brown patches on it, either in the middle of the grass or by the borders. Dead patches of lawn are very common but they are usually easy to get rid of. In a video for Waitrose & Partners, Alan Titchmarsh shared top tips on how gardeners can “perk” up their grass. Alan said: “The lawn is the centrepiece of the garden. If it looks good, then everything else looks good.” Over the winter months gardeners may have noticed some spots on their lawn have gone “brown and bald”. This is down to a number of reasons including how cold the weather gets during the winter months. Alan shared top tips on how gardeners can “perk” up their lawn this spring. READ MORE: Laundry: How to properly remove ‘yellow’ stains from pillows He said: “Gardeners love straight lines around their borders but sometimes the borders get a bit over-exuberant in their growth and before you know it, flopped over plants have killed off the edge of your grass. “Either that, or somebody slipped it off and kicked it off. If they’re broken down like this one, they’re really unsightly. “Get a half-moon iron or a spade if you want and cut around it, taking out a square of turf. Use your spade to get underneath it, and then turn it around. “Make sure it’s firmly down and then fill in this gap here with soil, bringing this up to the final level of the lawn. DON'T MISS:‘Easiest way’ to make homemade compost ‘without spending a penny’ [COMMENT]How to enhance kerb appeal and make your home 'stand out' [EXPLAINER]Most expensive household appliances to run - and how to cut costs [INSIGHT] “We’ve now got a good clean edge and the gap is on the inside. We then need a handful of grass seed over the surface.” Alan then watered over the grass seed and said it wouldn’t be long before the grass started to grow. Bare patches can also appear in the middle of the lawn, especially if it is walked over often. The expert explained: “You can of course prick it over with a fork and reseed it but in the middle of summer, the grass may take a while to grow. “It’s much easier to replace it with a piece of turf but how do you do it so the turf fits perfectly? “There’s a rather neat answer to that. “Take a piece that’s larger than the area that you want to cover, lay it over it and then cut a shape in the middle which you know is going to be larger than that bare patch underneath. “Cut right through the turf and through the grass below.” Alan said the job shouldn’t take any longer than a few minutes. “It’s quite hard,” he said. The gardening expert then removed the remaining pieces of grass below before placing the fresh turn over the bald patch. Alan added: “The way to get it to absolutely match is to take a piece from elsewhere in the lawn if you can spare it. “If you’re making another border, that’s great for patching because it’s exactly the same turf.” Like when sprinkling grass seed near the border, Alan finished off by watering the section of grass he had just replaced. When the weather gets really warm, gardeners should water their lawn on a regular basis to prevent yellow and bald patches appearing.