The findings could have significant implications for how we simulate the Earth’s climate. Paper author and atmospheric scientist Rachel Atlas of the University of Washington said: “Southern Ocean low clouds shouldn’t be treated as liquid clouds. Ice formation in Southern Ocean low clouds has a substantial effect on the cloud properties and needs to be accounted for in global models.” In their study, Ms Atlas and her colleagues explored the impact of factoring in this ice-splintering process on high-resolution climate models. They used data collected from NASA’s “Clouds and the Earth's Radiant Energy System” (CERES) satellites and the Japan Meteorological Agency’s Himawari-8 weather satellite. This was supplemented by data collected by a 2018 field campaign that flew a craft through Southern Ocean clouds and took measurements. The team found including the details of ice formation in their models versus not equated to a difference of 10 Watts of incoming solar energy per square metre between 45–65 degrees south in the summer — enough to significantly shift the resulting surface temperatures. Ice formation substantially reduces the clouds’ reflectance because the ice particles are able to form, grow and then fall out of their host clouds very efficiently. Ms Atlas explained: “The ice crystals deplete much of the thinner cloud entirely, therefore reducing the horizontal coverage. “Ice crystals also deplete some of the liquid in the thick cores of the cloud. “So the ice particles both reduce the cloud cover and dim the remaining cloud.” READ MORE: Climate change: GCSE students to learn how to save planet In the month of February — at the end of the southern hemisphere’s summer — clouds typically cover around 90 per cent of the sky above the Southern Ocean. And around a quarter of these clouds are affected by the type of ice formation in question, the researchers explained. Properly understanding the impact of clouds is becoming increasingly important, Ms Atlas and her colleagues said. The latest climate models, they explained, use smaller grid spacings to factor in the effect of clouds and storms on incoming solar radiation. DON'T MISS:Huge blow for Putin as China silently turns and PULLS major car brand [INSIGHT]Musk says he’s homeless and couch-surfs [REPORT]UK scientists analyse secrets of Putin's prized fighter jet [ANALYSIS] Ms Atlas added: “The Southern Ocean is a massive global heat sink. But its ability to take heat from the atmosphere depends on the temperature structure of the upper ocean.” This, in turn, she explained, “relates to the cloud cover". The full findings of the study were published in the journal AGU Advances.