Pep Guardiola wants to replace Brazil head coach Tite when he steps down after the World Cup in Qatar and there is now optimism the Man City boss will manage the Selecao next, according to reports in Spain. It's a position that Guardiola has taken great interest in over the years, publicly declaring his willingness to experience managing an international team. He is expected to leave City at the end of next season when his contract expires in the summer of 2023. After that, he intends to take a break from the game before returning at international level. Now MARCA in Spain claim there is confidence Brazil are on course to find an agreement with Guardiola. He is said to want the position with Tite now set to step down following the conclusion of the World Cup in November and December. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag wants to sign 'two of Ajax's best players' for Man Utd once named new manager Brazil are reportedly prepared to offer Guardiola a four-year deal that will take him up to the 2026 World Cup. The Selecao have already received a huge incentive from the City boss, who made it clear he wants to try something new next. “The next step will be a national team, yes, if there's a chance," Guardiola recently said during a forum with Brazilian company XP Investimentos. "I must have a break after seven years [with City], I need to stop to watch, learn from other players and maybe that is the road I will take. READ MOREPSG 'could sell Lionel Messi and Neymar to MLS this summer' in surprise transfer twistThomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea bossMan Utd watch Darwin Nunez rough up Virgil van Dijk as Liverpool battle past Benfica "I would like to coach at the Euros, a Copa America, a World Cup.” After confirming his intentions to take a break from last August, Guardiola also had time to detail his admiration for Brazil. “It is a fantastic national team. Brazil is always a strong candidate or the favourite. It always was and it will always be,” he said. In 2015, his former player Dani Alves revealed Guardiola had offered his services to Brazil but the federation decided to go in a different direction. He told 'Bola da Vez' programme: "Guardiola said he wanted to make Brazil world champions and had everything planned out. The excuse given was that they did not know how the country would react to him. "If we don't accept the best in the world, when they can make us even better, you've got to worry about the national side. "Pep is the best coach in the world, the best at managing a dressing room and someone who revolutionised football. We had the opportunity to bring in a coach like that without spending any money. "He was proposing to get paid if he delivered the result the officials wanted. That shows they don't consider the best interests of the Brazilian team, doesn't it?"