Vladimir Putin begun a new invasion strategy in Ukraine as “troops relocate from the Capital”, according to the military expert. “The Russians would have fought very hard over Hostomal airfield because it was strategically important if they were to take Kyiv,” explained retired Air Vice-Marshal, Sean Bell in an interview with GB News.  Mr Bell highlighted that Putin’s new war strategy has seen “Hostomal moved out of.”   Speaking to GB News,  he said: “The very fact that the Russians have moved out of there implies that the Russians have now got a Plan B. “I think we are seeing increased focus around Mariupol,” said Mr Bell, explaining Putin’s new strategic points." Speaking of the Russian siege on Mariupol, the former Vice-Marshal said “the situation there looks desperate.” “We’re also seeing that Donbas, I suspect, will become a focus,” added Mr Bell. According to his analysis, Putin would target Donbas for three main tactical reasons.    He said: “The Russians have invested in that over the last decade with insurgency and I’m sure they'll want to sort that out." Donbas, an area along the Russian-Ukrainian border, has been the site of conflict since 2014 as the two nations have struggled for control of the region. Mr Bell continued: "[The] second reason is because the Russians had all sorts of problems with logistics but, of course, Donbas is on the Russian border, so it will make life easier for them to get men materials, weapons, and fuel to feed the fight.” Reports from Ukraine have recently suggested Russia is struggling to feed and arm their soldiers as the invasion has dragged on far longer than Putin initially anticipated. Read more: Putin humiliated as Ukraine shoots down £38million fighter jet    “Thirdly, the Russian air force really has been neutered during this campaign, probably because of the effectiveness of the Ukraine resistance,” explained Bell. If the Russians were to invade an area “right next to the Russian border,” then Bell argued “it would be a lot easier for Russia to bring airpower to play.” This expansion of military resources would strengthen the Russian front and make the successful capture of the Donbas region far more likely. The close geographical proximity of the Donbas region would ease logistical pressures on Russian forces and is a strong strategic “Plan B” for Russian leader Putin. Don't miss:Putin feels 'cheated' by Ukraine over Minsk Agreements - expert claims [ANALYSIS]Putin's 'way out' of Ukraine war: Russian tyrant's bid for 'leverage' [INSIGHT]The 2 clear signs that Vladimir Putin is suffering with ill health [REPORT] Mr Bell highlighted the comparable poor Russian military strategy in the attack on Odesa. He added: “It’s difficult for the analysts to work out what's going on there,” the retired Vice-Marshal said of the Russian attack on the southern city in Ukraine. “Odessa is the best part of 1,000 miles away from Russia,” making continued delivery of military supplies to the area a severe logistical strain." The Russian invasion in Odesa is likely to be weak and short-lived according to Bell as he argues if Russia encountered supply problems when invading Kyiv, “it's going to have big ones if it tackles Odesa.”   