Molly Mae Hague, a former Love Island contestant, has spoken about a health issue with which millions of women suffer silence. She claimed she was wonder at night "am I going to see tomorrow morning?" because the pain was so severe. She discussed her sypptoms, which she has struggled with since she began her period. The reality TV star turned influencer and creative director said: "It's been a very long journey and trying to look back to when I was young and when I first started having symptoms is hard. "Since having periods, things have never been normal. I don't remember having a period ever in my life and it feeling like a how I think a normal period should feel like." Molly went on: "From around the age of 15 I knew something was rally not right in that region. I ended up convincing myself my period pain was normal and I just had a low pain threshold. "I convinced myself 'This is what every girl goes through, I'm just struggling with it'." READ MORE: Endometriosis natural treatments: The eight supplements to take for endometriosis However, Molly's pain was so severe she realised it could not be normal, and she visited the GP aged 17 to try and address the issues. "I cannot explain the levels of pain I have experienced through my periods," Molly said. "I have nearly called myself an ambulance on multiple occasions because of the level of pain. "I would actually be fearful for my life thinking, for my body to be in this much pain, what is it going through? What is happening inside my body? "I used to lie there and think, am I going to see tomorrow morning? It would usually come on at night, when I got my period." DON'T MISSWhat to do during an endometriosis flare-up [HELP] Women ‘can’t take time off work’ for gendered health conditions [OUTRAGE] Kate Ford: Corrie star reveals she's 'struggling' with endometriosis [HEALTH] Molly discussed another common symptom of the disease, which affects one in 10 women. She said: "The main other symptom I have experienced too is the painful sex." Molly described sex with the condition as "excruciating". "You're literally just doing it for your partner, and that's not enjoyable for them because they know you're not enjoying it," she said. "To pretend you're not in excruciating pain, that it's the opposite, that you are having a great time and enjoying it, let me tell you, it's not really possible." The NHS says: "Endometriosis is a condition where tissue similar to the lining of the womb starts to grow in other places, such as the ovaries and fallopian tubes. "Endometriosis can affect women of any age." In light of Molly sharing her battle with endometriosis, sleep experts put together a list of symptoms you might suffer at night, which could be a sign of endometriosis. The experts from MattressNextDay offered some tips to battle these symptoms. They said: "Making small adjustments to your sleep environment can help to alleviate the effects of night sweats in particular. "Create a cool environment in the bedroom and instead of sleeping with one thick duvet, consider multiple thin layers that can be removed or added as necessary. "Choose breathable nightwear and keep a spare set close to hand in case you would benefit from a quick change in the night and keep a bottle of cool water on your bedside table." They also suggested keeping a diary to track any problematic patterns can help you understand your body’s routine while in discomfort from endometrial adhesions. They said: "If you suffer from migraines, maintaining a good sleep hygiene schedule is often key to combating its effect on your sleep quality. "Things like keeping to a routine, light exercise, and avoiding screen time before bed are important factors in reducing the impact of migraines."