Meghan Markle, 40, "doesn't have a brand" as the Duchess of Sussex is "not going anywhere", the royal biographer of the new book The Palace Papers, Tina Brown has claimed. She suggested Prince Harry should make the Invictus Games "his brand" and leave royal life behind. While Meghan has been left "grasping" at whatever the public is talking about on Twitter. Speaking to the Washington Post Live, Ms Brown said: "Harry is in a much better spot because he brilliantly started this Invictus Games and that's what his brand should be. "He should just forget everything but the Invictus Games and just make that his brand. "It's authentic, he really was extremely as a shoulder, Veterans are in his bloodstream in terms of authentic caring about them and it's wonderfully connective cause to be aligned to. "Meghan doesn't really have a brand. You feel that she is sort of grasping somewhat at whatever Twitter is caring about at the moment. READ MORE: Queen’s right-hand woman part of ‘cruel’ bid to put Meghan in place  "It's vaccinations, it's Ukraine, it's women's rights, it's my 40th birthday let's have a mentoring scheme. "Nothing is really going anywhere for Meghan." The Duchess of Sussex has recently unveiled her first Spotify series - a podcast about female stereotypes, in which she vows to investigate "labels that try to hold women back" called Archetypes. Royal biographer Angela Levin pointed out that Meghan's speeches have impacted the way Harry speaks in public. Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mail+, Ms Levin said: "I think she is a very, very strong and determined woman and she wants to control things. "She always talks in global terms. "Even when she was here in the UK, she would never say what I want to do for the United Kingdom or for England. It was always 'my view' globally. "Prince Harry now does that all the time. DON'T MISS Dr Shola hits out at royals as she demands reparations [VIDEO]Royal 'precedent' which could see Andrew snubbed from Jubilee balcony [INSIGHT]Ingrid Seward hits out at 'unkind' York hurting Queen's Jubilee [ANALYSIS] "If you listen, it's always global. "I think they're just too big for their boots." Meghan and Harry signed a lucrative deal with the audio streaming giant to host and produce podcasts, estimated to be worth around 25 million US dollars (£18 million), in late 2020. But they had only released one show so far - a holiday special featuring their son Archie and celebrity guests.