Jurgen Klopp has been consistent in his criticism of Liverpool’s congested fixture list and what he sees as broadcasters’ lack of thought for his players this season. And the Liverpool manager’s problem is showing no sign of easing after Saturday’s win over Manchester City in the FA Cup semi-final.    Liverpool produced a stunning first half – “one of the best we’ve ever played”, according to Klopp – to blow away Man City with three goals before the break. Pep Guardiola’s side responded after half-time, and Liverpool needed Alisson to keep out Gabriel Jesus one-on-one, but they still prevailed 3-2 to book a place in next month’s final at Wembley. Victory ensured that the much-spoken about quadruple is still on. But it also ensured that Klopp’s ultimate bug bear remained present in his thoughts. Ahead of the semi-final, Klopp went on one of his customary rants, this time talking about BT Sport’s decision to choose to broadcast Liverpool’s upcoming Premier League game against Newcastle, at 12.30 on Saturday, April 30. “I don’t understand it,” he said. “I can understand that people want to see a football match between Liverpool and Newcastle but I don’t see why any team should have an advantage or a disadvantage. The league and the broadcaster really have to try at least to help. We will see. I haven’t heard anything yet. Nobody from BT contacted me yet. But I’d say common sense would tell you that it’s probably the right thing to do to move the game slightly backwards.” JUST IN: John Terry hits out at Pep Guardiola after Man City lose to Liverpool  Saturday’s win over Man City means Liverpool could have another 11 games left this season, if they beat Villarreal in the Champions League semi-final. It is a nice problem to have – but it is still a problem. “The quadruple talk, I can’t believe it,” Klopp told BBC Sport. “It’s all difficult, but who cares? We came here, we wanted to go to the final, we knew about the all the problems. The quadruple – qualifying for the final makes it even more difficult. It’s the only way to do it, as well, so it’s a strange situation. It’s all good. We’re over the moon. We beat the strongest and best football team in the world – and that’s a pretty special moment.” DON'T MISS Man City apologise as some fans boo minute's silence against Liverpool Man City player ratings: Three 3s as Guardiola's side suffer Man City keeper Zack Steffen's error against Liverpool gifts Mane goal  Luckily for Klopp, he has the squad to compete on all fronts. He can rotate without weakening his side because he knows, whoever he picks, they will perform whatever game plan he lays out for them. At Wembley, it was Diogo Jota, Jordan Henderson, Joel Matip and Roberto Firmino who were given a rest on the substitutes’ bench. On Tuesday, against Manchester United, it will likely be a different group of players. For all his righteous moaning about the fixture schedule, Liverpool have managed to avoid picking up many injuries this season. Having been completely derailed by them last season, they are – for now at least – successfully walking the tightrope this campaign. Liverpool are playing two games per week for the foreseeable future. Klopp can keep banging the drum about fixtures as long as he wants. But if they end the campaign with four trophies, his point will become a mere footnote in the club’s storied history. 