Unlike an outdoor garden, where nature provides rain and plants can send new roots searching for food, the nutrients available to a houseplant are strictly limited by the amount of soil in the pot and what you provide for supplemental feeding. Think of fertiliser as the second half of potting soil. When potting soil is fresh, plants won't need much, if any, fertiliser. After about two months, though, the plant will have consumed the nutrients in the soil, so gardeners will have to fertilise if they want continued, healthy growth. Kate Turner, Gardening-Guru at Miracle-Gro, exclusively explained to Express.co.uk how eggshells can help “boost” calcium levels in a plant, therefore helping them to grow stronger. She said: “Crush eggshells in warm water, soak for a few days and then water your plants for a calcium boost.” Eggshells contain more than 90 percent calcium carbonate, along with other nutrients that your plants’ soil needs, according to houseplant experts at Mod and Mint. Gardeners don’t have to use a commercial fertiliser on their plants. READ MORE: Gardening: The ‘ideal’ and ‘effective’ method for a slug-free garden They can simply add crushed eggshells in or on the soil as a natural way of providing indoor plants with extra calcium. The experts said: “Another advantage is that the eggshells will also help to aerate the soil. “This makes it easier for your plants’ roots to grow.” To make your all-natural plant fertiliser, grind clean eggshells with a food processor, coffee grinder, or mortar and pestle to create a fine powder. DON'T MISS: Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less [TIPS]How to clean your washing machine with easy ingredients [INSIGHT]Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants [COMMENT] Mix this eggshell powder in with the soil when repotting the plant, or spread it onto the soil around the base of the plant. Gardeners can also use eggshells to make organic calcium water, or eggshell tea, for their houseplants. To do this, crush the clean eggshells, and pour boiling water over them. Let this tea soak overnight, and strain the shells out the next day. Once the tea is shell-free, pour it directly onto the soil. The indoor plant experts said: “Your homemade all-natural plant fertiliser does not need to be kept in the refrigerator. “Houseplants prefer room temperature over cold water, so you’re good to go.” Another way to provide your plants with calcium is to add a layer of larger crushed eggshells at the bottom of a plant pot. For this to work, break the eggshells into pieces large enough to cover the drainage holes. Loosely cover the holes so that the eggshells will also prevent soil from falling out from the bottom. Although eggshells can fertilise plants, it may take a while. Kate explained: “Although many people swear by this method, calcium in eggshells takes a long time to break down and to be absorbed.”