Carlos Alcaraz has been tipped for huge success after becoming the youngest man ever to win the recent Miami Open. After countless predictions of Grand Slam titles and becoming the future world No 1, the teenager’s opponent in the Miami final has now shared the reasons he believes the Spaniard will go on to become one of the strongest forces on the tour, threatening the dominance of Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic. Alcaraz needed less than two hours to defeat fellow first-time Masters finalist Ruud 7-5 6-4 in the Miami Open championship match, becoming the tournament’s youngest-ever male singles champion a month shy of his 19th birthday. The Spaniard had long been tipped as a future talent but his victory propelled him into a very real threat on the ATP Tour, putting him in the conversation as a favourite to win upcoming Grand Slams. With the teenager now sitting at a career-high of world No 11 after setting a goal to reach the top 15 by the end of the season, Ruud admitted his opponent was a “rare talent” and explained why he would dominate the sport.  “He's one of those new rare talents that you don't see that often,” the world No 7 said on his new Ruud Talk vodcast. “And obviously if you look back in history, you see that these kind of players they reach far and they win big titles. And he has already won one of the bigger titles of the sports.” The 23-year-old admitted Alcaraz would only get better with time, naming the Spaniard’s desire to keep working harder as one of the pivotal ways he would clean up on tour. JUST IN: Federer sends fans into meltdown as tennis star provides injury update  “So I think we're all impressed and I'm also impressed,” he continued. “But many players they have close matches with him and of course he is beatable. It's not like he's inhuman, but he's very impressive and I think of course he will probably only get better as the years go by and he will practise more and I know he's a hard worker.” With a former world No 1 and Grand Slam champion in Juan Carlos Ferrero coaching the three-time title winner, Ruud also thought it would spur Alcaraz on to repeat and potentially exceed his mentor’s achievements. The world No 7 explained: “He has a good team around him, Juan Carlos Ferrero has done all this before, he was No. 1 before. Also from Juan Carlos’ perspective, I think it would be fun and his goal is probably to produce another world No. 1 like a junior version of himself in a way.” And the seven-time title winner also noted Alcaraz’s ability to stay fearless and refuse to hold back as another thing that would propel him to the top of tennis, admitting that none of his fellow young players had been able to reach the same heights as the Spaniard since world No 3 Alexander Zverev’s breakthrough. DON'T MISSDjokovic returns from 'challenging' time as ATP slams Kyrgios tiradesATP putting players 'in a cage' as Kyrgios point made amid crackdownDjokovic 'loses' to Neymar Jr as Serb prepares for Monte Carlo return  “It's impressive to watch and he's very fearless on court, he goes for big shots at big moments and doesn't hold back," Ruud said. “He never really holds back. He goes with a lot of power and a lot of sometimes risky shots, but he makes a lot of them. So it doesn't always seem as risky. But as a player myself, you get surprised sometimes that he goes for certain shots, but he does them very often very well. So it's also impressive. “I think that he is obviously one of the youngest and better players on tour at the moment and he has earned a lot of respect among the players because he is maybe the first one since I would say maybe Zverev to break out at such a young age. Some of us were already quite good under 20, but no one was really close to top 10 at 18 except for Zverev I believe.” 