According to findings by The Energy Savings Trust, it is estimated that “wet” appliances such as washing machines are some of the most used in the home - accounting for nearly 10 percent of a typical household’s energy bills. However, with all of that use comes the risk of a bacteria build-up, meaning frequent cleaning is essential to keep your machine working at its best. Soap residue, minerals and chemicals from your detergent can get locked inside your washing machine and create a thin film that traps bacteria. Bacteria can clog the inner mechanisms, reducing your washing machine’s efficiency. Though there are a few ways to tackle cleaning your washing machine, white vinegar is often anecdotally recommended as a handy hack. Users in a forum dedicated to cleaning hacks claim that a cycle of white vinegar can produce “amazing” results. READ MORE: Mould: Best houseplants to get rid of mould in your bathroom One user posting under the name Ginjareddit said: “I put a cup of vinegar into the feed where the soap normally goes. My machine has a cleaning setting but otherwise I would have run a hot cycle.” However, according to experts, using white vinegar could actually have an adverse effect on your machine. According to ConsumerReports.org: “Vinegar is sometimes used as a fabric softener or for getting rid of stains and odours in laundry. But as with dishwashers, it can damage the rubber seals and hoses in some washing machines to the point of causing leaks.“ The experts also note that “front-load washers are especially susceptible to vinegar-related damage”. Washing machine manufacturer care manuals will usually recommend the best way to clean your appliance, with some brands even warning against using vinegar. Reddit user aavery7706 said: “Check your manual or Google it. I recently cleaned mine, there was a stopper underneath with a lint trap that needs period clearing out. [The] manual had instructions on what to use - I was surprised it said stay away from vinegar - and how to remove detergent drawer to rinse it.” [SIC] DON'T MISSKate & William prepping move to Windsor - inside £2.5m Frogmore House [REVEALED]Cheap cleaning guide for toilets - scrub them 'at least once a week' [COMMENT]Energy bills: How much does it cost to run a washing machine?[INSIGHT] Before beginning the cleaning process, you should check your washing machine’s care manual for specific instructions. The detergent drawer can become encrusted with washing powder and detergent over time, so it can get noticeably dirty very quickly. For best results, remove the drawers and use an old toothbrush to scrub away any gunk. Your machine’s manual should provide instructions on how to safely remove the drawer. You should also clean the drawer cavity too, using the old toothbrush to get hard to reach places. The debris filter acts as a barrier to protect your machine’s pump from lint, tissues, coins and other dirt. This area often gets hot, and if bacteria starts to grow, it can lead to smelly washing. Be sure to empty this regularly, removing all fluff and dirt that has gathered inside. Typically the filter is along the lower edge of the machine, but your user manual should share specific instructions for how to salty remove it. Free the emergency drain tube and place a bowl on the floor below it to catch any leaks. Unplug and allow any trapped water to drain off. Replace the plug, remove the bowl and lay a towel on the floor. Any trapped debris should have escaped the machine with the water, but you can also look inside the cavity to be sure. Give the area a wipe with a damp cloth, clean any additional components and replace the cover. Most washing machines have a “cleaning” cycle that works to disinfect the drum. Simply put the machine on a cycle while empty, and add detergent directly into the drum. Sharing on her social media, cleaning influencer Lynsey Queen of Clean recommends using soda crystals as an alternative. She said: “Pour 500mls into the drum directly and pop it on the hottest wash that your washing machine will.” For best results the cycle should be hot - around 60 degrees - but can be a short run.