Everton attacker Dele Alli has been blasted as a “complete waste of time” by Simon Jordan following the woeful start to his Goodison Park career. The Toffees signed Alli from Tottenham in January for a fee which could eventually rise to £40million. Alli was once viewed as one of the best young attacking players in the country as he became a key figure in the Tottenham frontline alongside Harry Kane and Son Heung-min on his way to winning 37 England caps. But his fall from grace was just as expeditious as his rise had been and he was cast aside by a string of Spurs managers. He could barely command a start by the time his Spurs days came to an end just over two months ago, but he was given the opportunity to resurrect his career on Merseyside. Alli, however, has endured a miserable time at Goodison Park and is yet to start a single game for the club. He has looked a shadow of his former self when he has made it onto the pitch. And former Crystal Palace chairman Jordan is not impressed. “He’s a complete and utter waste of time,” Jordan told talkSPORT. “He was a waste of time at Tottenham for two years, he’s been a waste of time being signed for Everton. It was a waste of time signing. I hope I’m wrong because the boy was talented. READ MORE: Arsenal on alert as Leicester 'consider selling James Maddison' to raise transfer funds   “I don’t think he was ever at a level that people built him up to. All of a sudden he was the best No 10 in the world and people were making cases about what a wonderful player he was. He’s been drop-kicked out of Tottenham. The only reason Everton took him is because the actual fee itself was deferred and paid into the long-grass based upon performance. “So based upon performance Everton will get a rebate. The kid has got to be embarrassed. Is there any level of professional pride? You’ve been booted out of Tottenham - two or three managers didn’t want you. You’ve seen [Jose] Mourinho absolutely decimate the way you approach training. So I would imagine he’s probably replicating that at Everton. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford jobTottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle winLiverpool skipper Henderson caught on camera protecting Fabinho - 'Proper leader'     “I think Frank Lampard should look at himself for wanting to sign players like Dele Alli, because he needed help, not a compounding of the problem. Because if this kid has gone to Everton - and he’s in last chance saloon or getting close to it - and this is the by-product of it, there’s no reason why he shouldn’t be chomping at the bit. “There’s no reason he shouldn’t be fit enough and competitive enough to go into that side. Because that Everton side is poor. So to be out of it when the people in front of you - with a couple of exceptions like the young kid [Anthony Gordon] that’s in the side through merit who was on the bench yesterday. Dele Alli, you’re looking at someone who is wasting everyone’s time - notably his own.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 