Boris Johnson will set out a radical blueprint to reform the broken asylum system that has created a “watery graveyard” between Britain and France. In a speech, Mr Johnson will say that while there is “infinite” compassion for people seeking a better life “our capacity to help people is not”. A record high this year of 600 migrants made the perilous crossing from France yesterday. The Prime Minister will vow to crack down on the “vile” people traffickers exploiting migrants by charging them thousands of pounds to send them across the Channel in dangerous boats. He will set out a plan to break the business model of the criminal gangs, step-up operations in the Channel and bring more criminals to justice. “We cannot sustain a parallel illegal system,” he will say. “Our compassion may be infinite, but our capacity to help people is not. “The British people voted several times to control our borders, not to close them, but to control them. “So just as Brexit allowed us to take back control of legal immigration by replacing free movement with our points-based system, we are also taking back control of illegal immigration, with a long-term plan for asylum in this country. “It is a plan that will ensure the UK has a world-leading asylum offer, providing generous protection to those directly fleeing the worst of humanity, by settling thousands of people every year through safe and legal routes.” Central to the plan is an agreement with the Rwandan government to allow some illegal migrants to be processed in the African nation.  Home Secretary Priti Patel is in capital Kigali to formally sign the deal, which will have an initial cost of £120 million. The current asylum system costs the UK around £1.5 billion a year plus millions every day in hotel costs. More than 70 per cent of asylum seekers are single men, according to government figures. The military is expected to take control of patrols in the Channel soon as part of the plan and the first Greek-style reception centre will be set up in England. More than 5,000 people have arrived in the UK by similar boat crossings since the start of the year. Mr Johnson will set out the bleak reality of the dangers faced by migrants making the Channel crossing. He will say: “Before Christmas 27 people drowned, and in the weeks ahead there may be many more losing their lives at sea, and whose bodies may never be recovered. “Around 600 came across the Channel yesterday.  In just a few weeks this could again reach a thousand a day. “I accept that these people – whether 600 or one thousand – are in search of a better life; the opportunities that the United Kingdom provides and the hope of a fresh start. “But it is these hopes - these dreams - that have been exploited. These vile people smugglers are abusing the vulnerable and turning the Channel into a watery graveyard, with men, women and children, drowning in unseaworthy boats and suffocating in refrigerated lorries.” Mr Johnson sees the reforms as a vital step to fulfilling the outcome of the 2016 referendum by refusing to duck the challenges and difficult decisions that have “bedevilled our country for too long and caused far too much human suffering and tragedy”. Ms Patel has been negotiating with Rwanda, one of the fastest-growing economies in Africa, for about a year to secure the migration and economic development agreement. The deal includes measures allowing people relocated to Rwanda to “rebuild their lives”. But the Nationality and Borders Bill that will allow the move to become law has faced intense opposition in the Lords. It would allow illegal migrants to be sent to a “safe third country” and to submit their claims at a “designated place”. Critics described the measures in the legislation as “unhinged” and “ludicrous”. Senior Conservative Andrew Mitchell claimed in the Commons that it would be “much cheaper to put each one in The Ritz and send all the under 18s to Eton” than send migrants to another country for processing. At the moment, if migrants illegally entering the country on small boats are picked up by the British authorities they are usually taken to the Home Office’s processing centre at Tug Haven in the Port of Dover. After details are taken and welfare checks carried out they are then housed in hotels around Britain. They are given around £40 a week to pay for essentials while their claim is processed. Concerns have been raised that some are “gaming the system” by making repeated appeals even if their application for asylum is rejected. Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper said: "This Rwanda processing proposal is a desperate and shameful announcement by Boris Johnson in an attempt to distract from his own lawbreaking. It is an unworkable, unethical and extortionate policy that would cost the UK taxpayer billions of pounds during a cost of living crisis and would make it harder not easier to get fast and fair asylum decisions.” Enver Solomon, chief executive of the Refugee Council, said he was “appalled by the Government's cruel and nasty decision” to send those seeking sanctuary to Rwanda. "Offshoring the UK's asylum system will do absolutely nothing to address the reasons why people take perilous journeys to find safety in the UK,” he said. "It will do little to deter them from coming to this country, but only lead to more human suffering and chaos - at a huge expense of an estimated £1.4 billion a year." Sonya Sceats, the chief executive of the Freedom from Torture charity, said plans to "imprison refugees in prison camps in Rwanda is deeply disturbing and should horrify anybody with a conscience". "It is even more dismaying that the UK Government has agreed this deal with a state known to practice torture, as we know from the many Rwandan torture survivors we have treated over the years," she said.