Arsenal need a reliable option at left-back and Kieran Tierney has proven he is not that. The Scotland star is set to miss the remainder of the season with a knee injury to put a big dent in the Gunners' hopes of Champions League qualification. There is no doubt that when Tierney is fit, he is one of the best left-backs in the Premier League. But his problems with injuries continue and the time has come for Arsenal to look for a replacement. Tierney made just 42 Premier League appearances across his first two campaigns at Arsenal after joining from Celtic in 2019. He has not played more than 27 times in the league in a single season and will not add to his 22 outings so far this term. It is not just during his time at Arsenal where he has had injury issues. He arrived at the club having undergone surgery on a double hernia that summer. READ MORE: Rangers fans warned of 20-point deduction after ugly Old Firm scenes against Celtic  A quick glance at transfermarkt.co.uk shows the long list of problems he has faced despite still only being 24. Tierney has suffered injuries to his ankle, calf, hip, shoulder and groin. He missed 14 matches for Arsenal last season due to a knee problem and is now set to miss the business end of this campaign. Tierney is tipped to be a future captain for the Gunners. However, it has got to a point where Arsenal cannot rely on him as a first-choice left-back. There has been reported interest from Real Madrid in Tierney and Mikel Arteta should consider cashing in if a suitable offer comes in. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Thomas Tuchel warned he could be 'made to look stupid' by Timo Werner [QUOTES]Arsenal provide Takehiro Tomiyasu and Thomas Partey injury updates [NEWS]Man City performed 'chess move' by tricking Man Utd into signing Cristiano Ronaldo [OPINION]  Nuno Tavares was signed as a back-up to Tierney last summer. Arteta hoped he wouldn't have to rely on the young Portuguese star as he settled into life in England. Tavares had a good start to the season and even kept Tierney out of the team briefly in late November and early December. But his inexperience has shown in his most recent performances. Tavares was dragged off during the first half of the FA Cup third round defeat to Nottingham Forest in January. He went four months between league starts before Monday's 3-0 loss at Crystal Palace.  The former Benfica player was substituted at half-time in what Arteta described as a "tactical" decision. But it was clear the 22-year-old was struggling at a hostile Selhurst Park. Arsenal host Brighton on Saturday, which could be a good game for Tavares to be given some more minutes to bed himself back into first-team action. Arteta is going to need him over the coming weeks. But Tavares is not ready to be Arsenal's first-choice left-back. Arsenal should therefore look to sign that player in the summer, even if it means moving the popular Tierney out of the club.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here