A £2 coin that was originally made in 2016 could now be worth £100. It comes as the £2 coin in question is an “error coin”, and has the incorrect inscription around the outer rim making it a rare find. It is not known whether this coin is one of a kind, or whether there are several error coins, so it's worth checking your change. An error coin is a coin that was not correctly made during its manufacture or is outside of acceptable tolerance limits. Most coins pass through the Royal Mint in prime condition, but sometimes coin designs get mixed up. This 2016 Army £2 coin has the wrong inscription around its edge. The words “for king and country” should be written on the coin, but instead, it reads “the whole city in dreadful flames”. READ MORE: Rare penny valued at £200k sold to the public Coin Hunter believes the 2016 Army £2 coin has been struck with the inscription for the Great Fire of London £2 piece by mistake, which was created and sold the same year. The 2016 Army £2 coin was the third issue in the Royal Mint’s five-year First World War Centenary series. It was minted to commemorate the role of the Army. The reverse of the coin was designed by Tim Sharp and shows the outline of the face of a soldier. DON'T MISS...Scarlett Moffatt opens up on exercising to ‘make you feel good’ [CELEB WEIGHT LOSS]Houseplants: How to get rid of small black flies - grow a Sundew plant [EXPERT]Boots announces change to Advantage Card holders' discounts [NEWS] Images of the coin shared on Facebook look like a genuine Royal Mint coin in very good condition. With the coin condition in mind and the fact that 2022 was the first time the error has been spotted on this 2016 coin, Coin Hunters think the striking error occurred on Brilliant Uncirculated coins destined to be packaged and sold. Rather than a batch of the 9,550,000 coins of this design that were struck for circulation. There were 50,047 Brilliant Uncirculated coins struck for these packaged products. If you have any of these coin packs, you should be able to see the edge of the coin without opening the packaging. It is also worth checking loose change as this 2016 Army £2 error coin was found recently in a bank bag of change in North Ayrshire. As for how much this £2 coin could be worth, experts from Coin Hunter said it could fetch as much as £100. This is not the only coin from 2016 that had inscription errors, a 2016 Shakespeare £2 coin had the 2016 Army £2 inscription on it. Back in 2020, a 2016 Shakespeare £2 error coin sold for £230 on eBay. There were three different £2 coins issued by Royal Mint to honour 400 years since the famous British playwright passed away, they were called Tragedies, Comedies and Histories. The coin with the supposed error on it was the Tragedies £2, which features a skull and rose motif in a nod to William Shakespeare's works on tragic love affairs. The real coin should have “What “a piece of work is man inscribed on the side of the coin, which is a line from Hamlet, but coin collectors noticed the wrong inscription. But one coin read “for king and country, which is the phrase on the 2016 Army £2 coin.