Two cars were involved in the accident between Junction 8 A217 Brighton Road (Reigate) and Junction 9 A243 (Leatherhead). One lane was closed and there was queuing traffic for four miles on the clockwise carriageway of the M25. The incident was first reported by the traffic data company Inrix at 12:51pm. National Highways South-East said at 1:22pm: “Lane 1 (of 4) is closed on the #M25 clockwise between J8 #Reigate and J9 #Leatherhead following a collision. “There are delays of 23 minutes above normal journey times and 3 miles of congestion.” National Highways added at 2:48pm the lane closure has been removed. Inrix, traffic data company, also reported that all lanes have now reopened and traffic was easing at 2:36pm Normal traffic conditions were expected between 3pm and 3:15pm on Saturday. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Macron plot proves 'Brexiteer movement right all along' It comes after the M4 saw lane closures in the early hours of Saturday following a crash involving two lorries. National Highways said just after 11.30am that all lanes had reopened between junction 15 and junction 16. The M4 was closed in both directions following a collision involving two lorries at 3.30am on Saturday. Emergency services attended the incident which saw a lorry smash into the central reserve. National Highways tweeted at 11:35am: "All lanes are now open on the #M4 in both directions between J15 and J16 after emergency barrier repairs were completed. "Slight residual delays should now begin to ease." Dover also saw another day of poor traffic after Operation Brock was triggered following delayed ferry services. On Saturday, the A2 Jubilee Way is currently shut between the Whitfield roundabout and the Eastern Docks roundabout, with congestion stretching back to London Road in Dover. A Department for Transport spokesman said: "We are aware of queues at Dover, and the Kent Resilience Forum and local partners are working to minimise any disruption by deploying temporary traffic-management measures as standard." An update from P&O Ferries on Twitter also said on Saturday: “Services (between Dover and Calais) today remain cancelled. Please arrive as booked, we will get you away on an alternative carrier asap. “Once at the port please head to the DFDS (Dover) or P&O (Calais) check in booths. We apologise for the inconvenience this may cause.”