Later this year, the Duke of Sussex will release his memoirs, said to be "intimate and heartfelt" by its publisher, Penguin Random House. But this is not the only Royal household book due to hit shelves. The Queen has given the go-ahead for her trusted aid and Royal dresser Angela Kelly to reveal her lockdown secrets. Ms Kelly, who has been with the Queen for 28 years, will release a new chapter of her picture book 'The Other Side of the Coin' next month to mark the Platinum Jubilee. Publisher HarperCollins announced: "The Queen personally gave Angela her blessing to share their unparalleled bond with the world and Angela is the first serving member of the Royal Household to be given this extraordinary permission.” Harry reportedly clashed with Ms Kelly prior to his wedding with Meghan Markle in helping her choose a tiara, accused of yelling "what Meghan wants, Meghan gets". The latest chapter will give an insight into the Queen's time in lockdown with the Duke of Edinburgh and even cover his funeral in April 2021. The Queen spent much of the lockdown in the safety of Windsor Castle, within “HMS Bubble” - believed to be the nickname given to her reduced household of key members of staff. Ms Kelly was one of these members of staff and would have isolated with the head of state for periods of time. HarperNonFiction publishing director Katya Shipster said the chapter will tell the story of the royal bubble and the "length Angela and Royal Household went to, to ensure the safety of our Monarch". She added: “We wanted to commemorate the extraordinary occasion of The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee with this beautiful new edition, as well as bring the content of the book right up to date following the unprecedented events of the past two years." READ MORE: Lilibet could meet Charles and Camilla for the first time in Canada  Meanwhile, the Duke of Sussex's book is said to make several claims about his time as a royal. Prince Harry quit the Royal Family in March 2020 to move to the US with Meghan Markle and their two children Archie, 2 and Lillibet, born last year. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams said the book promises to be "accurate and wholly truthful" which could cause "problems", particularly with his brother, Prince William. DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton and William ban children from using social media - 100 percent disagree’ | Royal | News | Express.co.ukPrince Andrew and Fergie left Palace 'totally blindsided' with special Instagram post | Royal | News | Express.co.ukPrince George's 'inherent disparity' to Charlotte and Louis to become 'horribly known' | Royal | News | Express.co.uk  One such area speculated to be covered is Harry’s relationship with Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, who will one day be crowned Queen Consort. Tina Brown, who wrote the Diana Chronicles claims Harry will be "going after" Camilla and Charles. Ms Brown said: “William was disgusted about Meghan’s attack on Kate because she can’t answer back. But that’s nothing compared to how furious he’s going to be when this book comes out. “Because Harry’s not going to go after the Queen, she’s sacrosanct. And he probably won’t go after Kate, whom he’s very fond of. But he will go after Charles and Camilla and maybe William." She also claims Harry is "very angry" that Camilla will be known as Queen Consort when Charles ascends the throne, a move announced by the Queen on her Platinum Jubilee.