Mikel Arteta has developed a reputation for showing a willingness to give young players opportunities and their could be another debutant at the Emirates Stadium soon, with Lino Sousa impressing in training. The left-back has been in flying form for Arsenal's under-23s and could be the resolution to Arteta's injury problems in defence. With Kieran Tierney ruled out for the rest of the season after it was revealed that he would need to undergo surgery, questions have been raised about the Gunners’ left-back options. Summer signing Nuno Tavares looks like the most obvious replacement, but he failed to impress in Monday night’s 3-0 defeat to Crystal Palace. The 22-year-old was run ragged by Eagles winger Jordan Ayew at Selhurst Park and was replaced by Gabriel Martinelli at half-time, with Arteta opting to play midfielder Granit Xhaka in left-back instead. The display has led many to question whether Tavares is a shoo-in for Arteta and where other options lie. Football.london reports that 17-year-old Sousa is continuing to catch the eye of first-team staff at the club, 'including Arteta'. The youngster arrived from West Brom in the January transfer window and his ability going forward meant that Arsenal weren’t the only team keen on the Englishman. READ MORE: Man Utd 'handed transfer shortlist' by Erik ten Hag that 'includes Ajax players' Arteta is often keen to have young players in his training sessions and Sousa is one of those who regularly attend first-team sessions. Speaking about the defender, his former coach Peter Gilbert of West Brom said: “Lino’s an athletic full-back, reads the game well, has a lovely left foot and it's not often a 16-year-old plays an entire season with the 18s, but that’s credit to him because he has so much potential.” Sousa has scored twice in three appearances for the Arsenal under-23s in the Premier League 2 this season, highlighting what an attacking threat he can be. Although on paper the defender seems a like for like replacement for the forward-thinking Tierney, it remains to be seen whether Arteta believes the youngster has enough experience under his belt to step into the Premier League. Tavares will be hoping that Arteta will give him another chance to prove his worth whilst Tierney is sidelined, and the manager did insist that he only replaced the former Benfica star for a tactical reason rather than performance-based. The former Manchester City coach said: “Today it was just a tactical reason. DON'T MISSMatt Le Tissier quits Southampton role after backlash over Russia-Ukraine and Covid tweets [NEWS]Man Utd giving Erik ten Hag information 'every week' on transfer budget and signings [REPORT]Rangers fans warned of 20-point deduction after ugly Old Firm scenes against Celtic [QUOTES] “How I want to do it with what Palace was doing and how we could attack and control the game much better in that position. ‘We put on another attacking midfielder with Emile (Smith Rowe) in that space and that was the only reason. “I’m sorry that it was Nuno again but we had to do it.” The manager didn’t shy away from praising Palace either at full time after their disappointing performance, he told Sky Sports: “Congratulations to Palace for the game they played but we made it impossible for ourselves with the way we competed. “You have to be physical and run and then you earn the right to play. We were really inconsistent on the ball and that is unacceptable. We were poor, especially in the first half. I apologise to our supporters. We didn’t have the presence today or the composure to dominate the situation so that is what I’m most annoyed with.”