Former Tour de France winner Sir Bradley Wiggins has told how he was sexually groomed at the age of 13. Wiggins, now 41, is considered one of Britain's greatest ever athletes, becoming the first cyclist from these shores to win the marquee race back in 2012. Months later, he became the first cyclist in history to win the race in France and Olympic Gold in the same year, winning the time trial event at the London games. That would prove just one of eight Olympic career medals, five of them gold. Wiggins retired in 2016 following the Six Days of Ghent race, but has now opened up further on his harrowing childhood. In an interview with Men's Health UK magazine, he said he's never "fully accepted" what happened and explained why he didn't feel he could confide in anyone. "I was groomed by a coach when I was younger - I was about 13 - and I never fully accepted that," he said. When asked to confirm if the grooming was of a sexual nature, he said: "Yes. It all impacted me as an adult - I buried it." JUST IN: British Cycling ban trans cyclists from competing after Boris Johnson's comments Wiggins also said that his complicated family dynamic at the time meant he keep it all to himself. "My stepfather was quite violent to me," he continued. "He used to call me a f****t for wearing Lycra and stuff, so I didn't think I could tell him. "I was such a loner, I just wanted to get out of the environment. I became so insular. I was quite a strange teenager in many ways and I think the drive on the bike stemmed from adversity." DON'T MISS:Trans cycling row 'so unfair on everyone'Transgender cyclist Emily Bridges' aunt hits out at 'unfair' treatment after star bannedMarc Marquez stumbles away from horrific 115mph crash before being rushed to hospital In the interview, Wiggins also spoke about how he struggled personally after his glorious 2012, which also saw him become BBC Sports Personality of the Year. He said he was thrust into a life of "fame and adulation," which contradicted his desire to stay away from the limelight. "Everything I did was about winning for other people, and the pressures that came with being the first British winner of the Tour," he admitted. I really struggled with it." Wiggins has remained in the sport since retiring, undertaking punditry work.