Sir Keir Starmer inherited the Labour Party reins in 2020, shortly after it suffered a devastating loss under the hands of previous leader Jeremy Corbyn just a few months earlier. When he assumed Labour leadership, a seemingly insurmountable chasm had opened up between his party and the Conservatives. Still reeling from the landmark loss in December 2019, it was polling at 29 percent on April 4 that year, according to poll aggregation from Politico. Boris Johnson, then revelling in praise for setting up a seemingly unbeatable 81-seat Parliamentary majority, had boosted his party to 51 percent. Over the last couple of years, Sir Keir has presented his Labour as a viable alternative and flipped that lead on its head. The iron-clad lead Mr Johnson created has slowly melted away over the last year as successive crises ate into his popularity. Despite the Tories seeing a boost during the vaccine rollout, Labour has persistently come out on top since November 2021. READ MORE: Laura Kuenssberg: Everything you need to know about new BBC show The last time the two were close in the polls was on December 1, 2021, when they met at 36 percent. Since then, Labour has capitalised on Mr Johnson's mishaps, building a lasting lead that remains today, with the party now on 39 percent - its highest since November 2018 - to the Conservatives' 35. Even the war in Ukraine, the British response to which has earned the Prime Minister near-universal acclaim, couldn't interrupt Sir Keir's winning streak. The closest Mr Johnson got to his opponent was when Labour's popularity shifted to 38 percent on March 24. The Conservatives have barely managed to pick up at all, only adding a single percentage point to their support on March 1, which has held steady. The sustained success from Sir Keir has not come without caveat, however, as he is yet to translate it into a significant electoral win. Under Mr Corbyn's leadership, Labour came closest to winning a General Election since 2005. While he also started with a deeply unpopular party, and by April 11, 2017, had a prospective vote share of 26 percent to the conservatives' 44 percent, the former leader nearly dethroned the Conservatives. That election nearly saw him become Prime Minister, as then PM Theresa May had her majority reduced to -5. She had to form a confidence and supply Government with the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) to continue governing the UK. And the "Corbyn effect" saw Labour ranks swell by nearly 200,000 new members. When he assumed command, just 201,293 people were paid up members, and by January 2016, another 187,114 had joined to a total of 388,407. By July 9, 2017, Labour had overtaken the Tories with 44 percent of the prospective vote share to 40 percent. But after then, both parties rapidly lost favour with the British electorate. They continued to deteriorate until Mr Johnson arrived and re-energised his party. While Sir Keir has since boosted Labour's polling with a more centrist party, it has not come without caveat. Ex-shadow chancellor John McDonnell said the party had lost members "hand over fist" last year. In September 2021, he told the BBC that he understood up to 100,000 had left "so far" and warned it would undermine Labour's ability to fight elections.