Alison Hammond, 47, has revealed she "prays" for her son every day, while sharing a rare picture of him. The This Morning presenter has described her son Aiden, 17, as the “apple of (my) eye.” The star took to Instagram to share a montage in which her son can be seen from a young age, until now. The emotional clip was shared with Alison’s 1.1 million followers. It was set to an acoustic cover of Disclosure’s Latch. The post featured pictures and clips of Aiden as a toddler as well as snaps of him as a grown-up teenager. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show One picture shows the teen, who she shares with ex-husband Noureddine Boufaied, posing as he stood on the seaside. Another features him working out in the gym. Sharing the clip, Alison wrote with heartfelt admiration in the caption: “My baby is growing up so fast. “Everyday I pray for him and he will always be the apple of my eye. “My Aidan , My last Real love.” Fans and friends of the TV show host took to the post to give their well wishes and compliments. Vanessa Feltz wrote: “He is a credit to you and a handsome kind beautiful blessing. “Plus his mum isn’t too shabby either.” DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] Anna Williamson said: “He’s so gorgeous Al.” Josiegibson85 commented: “I love this so much! “He's a real gentleman I bet your so proud you've done so well x” @NewforestJoanne joked: “Don’t do what I do Alison. “When I saw my youngest son entered a pub I was in last week, I shouted ‘my beauty!’ Lol. “Not sure he appreciated it.” Alison Hammond rose to fame after competing in the third series of the reality show Big Brother in 2002, in which she was the second housemate to be evicted. Since then, she's become a popular TV presenter and presents This Morning on ITV each Friday.