Nicolas Dupont-Aignan, presidential candidate for Debout la France, has pledged to shake the core of the EU with a referendum on France's place in the Brussels bloc. The French politician who hopes Emmanuel Macron fails to even make it to the second round of the elections, also vowed to cut funds to the EU to reform France's retirement system. He said: "I will consult the French on all major issues (immigration, penal code...), I will hold a referendum on France's membership in the European Union. "We must restore the confidence of the French through the vote! "I will take €9 billion of the €10 billion paid each year to the EU, to give it back to the French and fund our retirement system that does not need to be sacrificed! "I want a second round without Emmanuel Macron, that would be good news. "There was very little media campaign and a president who did not want a campaign" "There was no presidential campaign: no debate, unequal speaking time, no substantive issues were addressed!" The pledges come as French voters head to the polls on Sunday to cast their decision on their future President. So far, according to polls, President Macron and far-right leader of the National Rally Marine Le Pen are the favourites to win the first round. Ms Le Pen shrugged off market jitters triggered by her good ratings ahead of Sunday's first round of the presidential election, saying her "serious" programme was meant to work for voters, rather than markets. Long unfazed by this ballot and what looked like an easy path to re-election for President Emmanuel Macron, markets woke up to the election this week as Ms Le Pen narrowed the gap enough in opinion polls for victory to be within the margin of error. Ms Le Pen scoffed at what she called "doom-mongering", telling RTL radio on Thursday that her program was solid and would aim to support business and "give money back to the French" by lowering VAT as well as France's contribution to the EU budget. READ MORE: Desperate Russian claims US general captured destroyed by BBC expert  "The policies I want to implement are not meant for the stock markets, which will be a change from Emmanuel Macron," she said, adding: "It's not the markets that create jobs, it's not international finance." Mr Macron is still ahead in all opinion polls, and still seen as the most likely winner. But his late start with a lacklustre campaign has pushed even some in his camp to say a win for Le Pen could be possible. A probable high level of abstention adds uncertainty. This, in turn, helped push France's borrowing costs up on Wednesday, with the 5-year yield near its highest since 2014 , and the 30-year yield getting close to its highest since 2019, before dipping on Thursday. The pro-business Institut Montaigne think-tank has said Le Pen's programme, which aims to lower the retirement age to 60 and cut taxes on energy, could come in at an extra cost 75 percent higher than she estimates. DON'T MISS:SNP election win the 'End of Scotland' [INSIGHT]‘We voted for Brexit, we got BRINO!’ Leavers rally against PM [REACTION]'Are you kidding me?!' Ukrainian MP erupts at Sky News' Mark Austin [VIDEO] France's already strained budget deficit could rise by a further 102 billion euros, for a debt-to-gross domestic product ratio of 7.1 percent in 2027, the think-tank says. Mr Macron's campaign fought back on Thursday on the economic front. Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire told broadcaster Franceinfo: “I want people to realise what France would be like under Marine Le Pen. "There would be more inflation," he said, and more taxes to fund her plan to privatise toll roads. "And there would be less sovereignty, because we would be allies of Russia, of Vladimir Putin," he added, attacking Ms Le Pen over her longstanding admiration of the leader - which she has toned down and nuanced since Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Mr Macron himself, long focused on Ukraine, is now concentrating his campaign on purchasing power, which Le Pen has successfully focused on for month. He promised on Wednesday to increase pensions. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega