The European Union's fishing commissioner said all fishing licences requested by French boats to operate in UK coastal waters had been granted, with around 70 permits outstanding. When the Brexit deal was agreed in 2020, it ensured Britain's share of fishing quotas in its waters increased by 25 percent from 2021 to 2026. However, in waters 6-12 miles from the UK coast, Britain had granted permission for French vessels who had previously fished there to continue. The two countries have been at loggerheads over the issue, with the UK standing relatively firm but French boats blocking harbours in Jersey and the country threatening to ask the EU to take legal action over the matter. But in a surprise development, EU fishing commissioner Virginijus Sinkevicius said: "The commission fully intends to continue building a successful and constructive relationship with the UK. "We managed to achieve most of the licences that have been requested." Brexiteer and former Brexit Party MEP Ben Habib has reacted furiously to the news, and told Express.co.uk: "On fishing, this notion that the UK gets complete control of our waters in 2026 is a lie because we don't. "There is a small reduction in quotas towards 2026 but then those quotas that exist then will become permanent and can only be varied by an agreement with the EU if there is environmental damage caused. "There is no way the EU will vary that agreement and reduce the quotas. "The Prime Minister has not taken back control of fishing like he said he would, this has so far not been subject to annual negotiations like he said in the House of Commons in December 2019. "He said it would be annually set by us depending on what British needs are. READ MORE: 'What apocalypse?' Brexit gloom destroyed as unemployment rate falls "But now the French have 40 percent of the licences, they rattled our cage by threatening to cut off electricity supply to Jersey, they rammed our fishing boats and impounded our ships in their harbours. "The whole thing is an utter disaster. The truce with the French on fishing licences is another example of a broken promise from Boris Johnson on Brexit." Last week, French President Emmanuel Macron insisted his Government has kept its promise to protect its fishermen and 90 per cent of licences had been retained. But a British official appeared to play down the situation, and said: "We haven’t heard anything from France for weeks. The dispute has gone quiet." DON'T MISSSunak’s political ambitions in tatters as Tory lauds partygate 'karma' [INTERVIEW]EU savaged for shameless ‘spin’ as it gloats over Brexit move [COMMENTS]NATO's military arsenal laid bare as alliance edges closer to war [REPORT] Mr Sinkevicius, who had brokered talks between the UK and France in November, said permits granted last year have been renewed for 2022, with a few additional permits obtained from the UK. Overall, around 1,500 EU boats have access to the UK’s exclusive economic zone, which is 12-200 nautical miles from the coast; and 150 to its territorial waters, from 6-12 miles out. In addition, 131 French vessels have permits to fish around Jersey and 44 around Guernsey. Mr Sinkevicius said: "Throughout the year a spirit of good neighbourliness and then relations based on mutual co-operation and respect have generally prevailed. "We have to understand France and especially those regions who, basically from their shores, can see Jersey and Guernsey. They always had a relationship with them. "They used to fish in each other’s waters and really live well with each other and then Brexit really reshuffled this relationship. "When it comes to the commission side, we will always support our fishermen and will always stand behind them."