Piers Morgan has been vocal after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex attended the Invictus Games held at The Hague this weekend. Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, attended the highly-anticipated sporting event but it was the Duchess of Sussex whose eye-catching wardrobe caught everyone's attention. Meghan, who flew back to the US after concluding the Invictus Games tour on Monday, reportedly spent a staggering £38,000 on her luxury clothes for the charity trip. Prince Harry's wife sported seven trendy outfits as she graced the event over the Easter weekend. The clothes were reportedly from a mixture of high end designers to independent jewellers coming to a combined total of £37,869, according to reports. Piers, 57, has since appeared to mock the Sussexes after he shared an article that detailed the Duchess' various looks. READ MORE: Johnny Depp says he's 'never struck' ex-wife Amber Heard In view of his 7.9 million followers, he tweeted an article that read: "Meghan's £10,000-a-day wardrobe! Duchess wore £38,000 worth of new clothes during her three-day Invictus Games trip." Piers captioned the post: "Equality!" Social media users flocked to comment on the post, as many people appeared divided about the Uncensored host's remark. Twitter user, Little B wrote: "I don’t see why it matters what she wears tbh [to be honest]."  Stella Knight commented: "She can spend her money on whatever she wants to. It's her money." "She can afford it," Deanna Issacs said. While social media user, DDMM commented: "Agreed - if she wanted to really help she’d buy from M&S for £300 and donate the rest to Invictus Charities." Waister wrote: "I agree, why do they have to wear outfits and accessories that cost thousands each time?" DON'T MISS... 'Woman of limited intelligence' Miriam Margolyes slams Nadine Dorries[LATEST]Chrissy Teigen poses nude for steamy mirror selfie[PICTURES]Amanda Holden flashes legs as she bounces on ball in risqué dress[INSTAGRAM] His comments come after Prince Harry was asked what his ambitions were for his two children - two-year-old son Archie and ten-month-old daughter Lillibet. He replied that he aspired for "a fairer world, a safer world [and] a more equal world". "It's not going to be easy but I will never, ever, ever rest until I have as a parent at least tried to make the world a better place for them because it is our responsibility that the world is the way it is now," he continued. "I don't think that we should be bringing children into the world unless we're going to make that commitment to make it better for them. We cannot steal your future." Meanwhile, Meghan stunned at the Invictus Games during her three-day trip to The Hague. During the Opening Ceremony, she sported a £620 bodysuit from US designer Khaite, with a pair of £595 Manolo and a dazzling new necklace from Cartier cost £12,800, according to the MailOnline. On Saturday, the Duchess sported a £2,400 jacket from Celine - with a £1,950 bag and £360 glasses also from the French ready-to-wear designer. She also picked out favourite pieces from her jewellery box, including her £5,800 Cartier Love Bracelet and the Cartier watch that once belonged to Princess Diana. While a working member of the royal family, the cost of Meghan's clothes for work engagements was covered by Prince Charles through the budget of the Duchy of Cornwall. But after the Duke and Duchess stepped down as royals they made it clear they wanted to be financially independent. 