Chelsea enjoyed the better of the chances against Real Madrid, despite being knocked out of the Champions League 5-4 on aggregate by the Spanish giants. The Blues won 3-2 at the Bernabeu on Tuesday night in the second leg, but were beaten 5-4 on aggregate after Karim Benzema headed in the winning goal in extra-time.    Thomas Tuchel’s side came into the tie 3-1 down following Benzema’s hat-trick at Stamford Bridge last week but were given hope after just 15 minutes when Mason Mount curled in the opening goal. Antonio Rudiger headed in a corner after the break to make it 2-0 before Marcos Alonso had a goal ruled out for handball by VAR. Timo Werner made it 3-0 on the night and 4-3 on aggregate to Chelsea with a well-taken strike in the 75th minute before Real roared back. Luka Modric picked out Rodrygo with a beautiful pass to level things with a volley and send the game to extra-time before Vinicius Junior set up Benzema’s header, which proved to be the winner as the Blues spurned several good openings. Substitute Christian Pulisic had two chances from knock-downs, while Kai Havertz also headed a good opportunity wide. It was a bitter pill to swallow for Tuchel and his players, with the Expected Goals statistics showing just how dominant they had been for much of the two matches.  JUST IN: Thomas Tuchel tears into ref after Real Madrid knock Chelsea out Over the two legs Chelsea accrued 4.58 xG to Real’s 2.58, yet lost 5-4 on aggregate – largely thanks to Benzema’s four goals across the games. Benzema netted his 38th goal of the season for Real on Tuesday and his 83rd in the Champions League altogether. His prowess in front of goal was shown by the fact he netted four times from just 1.85 xG against Chelsea. Tuchel was left frustrated with the officials who ruled out Alonso’s goal after the ball flicked his hand, as well as the mistakes his side made in the build-up to Real’s two goals in the second leg.  DON'T MISS Joe Cole hails Chelsea duo as Real Madrid knock Blues out - 'Elite' Karim Benzema is a Real Madrid superhero as Chelsea suffer CL exit Chelsea star Chilwell fumes at disallowed Alonso goal vs Real Madrid “These are the kind of defeats we can digest and swallow, because we left nothing to regret out there. We played what we wanted to play and showed the quality and character the team has,” he told BT Sport. "We deserved to go through, but it was not meant to be, we were simply unlucky. The full credit is for the players." He added: "Unfortunately both of their goals today came from mistakes in the build-up. They took advantage of the mistakes with individual quality and over the two legs, we did too many of these big mistakes." Chelsea cannot now defend the trophy they won against Manchester City in Porto last year, with Real Madrid joining Villarreal in the last four of the Champions League. The Blues will now have to pick themselves up for the FA Cup semi-final against Crystal Palace at Wembley on Sunday. 