Hungarians are heading to the polls to vote for the next Government on Sunday. Prime Minister Orban is seeking re-election for his fourth consecutive term with the Fidesz party but is facing off tough opposition in what is likely to be a tight race. With the war in neighbouring Ukraine dominating the agenda in Hungary, the six-party opposition alliance is within striking distance of toppling Mr Orban's Fidesz party in the polls, making the outcome of the ballot uncertain for the first time since Mr Orban came to power in 2010. But now it is emerging the controversial Viktor Orban will stop at nothing to secure power following the elections if he suffers a democratic loss. Opposition MP Akos Hadhazy said: “There won’t be a clear transition. Fidesz will blame the chaos on the opposition. "I see similarities between Orban and Trump.  READ MORE: Hungary's Orban to be thorn in EU's side in pledged to veto key vote “Knowing their mindset I wouldn't rule out similar behaviour by Orban to what happened on Capitol Hill,” referring to the attempting insurrection by Donald Trump supporters on January 6, 2021, following the US election in 2020. Mr Orban has already begun spinning the yarn in a similar way to the disgraced American President. On Friday, he accused the opposition of “massive and unambiguous” electoral fraud through illegal data collection. Mr Hadhazy continued: “Just like Orbán, Trump had also talked about electoral fraud before the US presidential vote.” “There could be staged disorder. Ballot boxes could be taken away and we can’t rule out public disturbance.” Mr Orban’s government has a firm hand over the country’s media and has eroded democratic freedoms in Hungary over his time in power. He has long been in a war of words with the EU over his decisions to erode democratic practices in Hungary. Most recently, he has blocked sanctions on Russia over energy supplies and refused to let weapons shipments travel through Hungary to Ukraine.  DON'T MISSI sleep in an abandoned flat with dishes still in the sink [REPORT]Taiwan warns West - China threat has not gone away [INSIGHT]Putin’s army is running out of ammo [REPORT] Things are slightly in favour of the incumbent currently, but an easy win for Mr Orban is not expected. According to the latest poll by Zavecz Research, Fidesz leads with 39 percent support against 36 percent for the opposition, while one-fifth of voters have yet to decide who to back. The opposition leader Peter Marki-Zay has pitched this election as a choice between Europe or Vladimir Putin, with whom Mr Orban has enjoyed a friendly relationship with over the years. Despite the uncertain nature of the result, Mr Orban appeared optimistic when casting his vote this morning alongside his wife, saying he expected a “great victory.” When asked about his ties with the warmongering Russian leader, he said: "Vladimir Putin is not running in the Hungarian elections therefore I do not have to deal with this question today, luckily. "I am standing on the basis of the Hungarian national interests. I am pro-Hungarian." Mr Marki-Zay told reporters this morning: “Now we are fighting for democracy, we are fighting for decency.”