Lewis Hamilton hit out at Max Verstappen for getting in his way during his hot lap in Q2. The Mercedes driver was trying to set a quick lap when he came across a slow-moving Verstappen. The seven-time champion said: “Traffic with the Red Bull." Race engineer Peter Bonnington replied: "Copy complete the lap." Hamilton replied: "I had a problem. The Red Bull was in the way.” Verstappen appeared shocked when he was informed Hamilton was on a fast lap behind. He said: “​​Was he on a lap?" Race engineer Gianpiero Lambiase said: "Hamilton was on a lap yeah." Verstappen replied: "****" It is possible the FIA stewards will look into the issue which could see Verstappen handed a penalty. Drivers impeding others has been a major issue all weekend with Hamilton summoned to the stewards himself yesterday. No further action was taken after Hamilton was involved in an incident with Lance Stroll and Charles Leclerc in FP2. In his pre-event notes, race director Nicholas Wittich warned drivers not to go too slowly when on the track. He said: “In order to ensure that cars are not driven unnecessarily slowly on in laps during and after the end of qualifying or during reconnaissance laps when the pit exit is opened for the race, drivers must stay below the maximum time set by the FIA between the Safety Car lines shown on the pit lane map.”  Drivers are getting themselves accustomed to new track changes at the Albert Park circuit.  The track was updated for the 2022 race with the chicane at turns nine and ten removed in exchange for a lengthy back straight.. Several turns have also been widened to create better overtaking which has caught out many drivers over the course of the weekend. Mercedes are struggling for pace for the third successive race weekend. The team struggled to get inside the top 10 in yesterday’s practice sessions but found an uptick in form on Saturday. Both drivers made it into the final part of qualifying but they are still lagging behind the pacesetters of Red Bull and Ferrari.  