The monarch, who turns 96 next week, will be hoping the Royal Family can present a “united front” to mark Her Majesty’s record-breaking 70th year on the throne, a report has claimed. Ingrid Seward, the author of Prince Philip Revealed and editor-in-large of Majesty magazine, told the Telegraph that the Queen had offered an “olive branch” to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex.  She said: “The Queen is all about forgiveness - look at Fergie and Andrew - and she would certainly be happy to have Harry and Meghan around her for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. “Their meeting at Windsor on Thursday shows the olive branch has been offered to them and she will be hoping they accept it. “She wants to present a united family on an occasion like the Jubilee, because an occasion like that certainly won't happen again.” There have been doubts whether the Sussexes would travel to the UK for the Jubilee celebrations as the couple hadn’t been on British soil until the secret Windsor meeting for two years. READ MORE:Meghan and Harry 'in and out in 15 minutes' on secret visit to Windsor  Following their decision to step down as senior royals in early 2020, relations with the Firm were said to have been strained after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s controversial interview with Oprah Winfrey. The Duke has expressed doubts about his family’s safety in the UK after the government withdrew his taxpayer-funded security. He is seeking a judicial review of the decision, which is one of the reasons he gave for not attending the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service last month. However, the heavy security surrounding a royal showpiece event like the Jubilee may persuade the Sussexes to attend. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'in and out in 15 minutes' on secret visit to Windsor  According to the Telegraph, Harry and Meghan’s meeting with the Queen on Thursday came after a meeting between Prince Charles and the Duke. It is understood that Prince Harry had a “warm family meeting” with little sign of the tension of the last two years. The Duchess of Sussex was also present at the meeting, while the Duchess of Cornwall reportedly joined halfway through for “a chat”. Prince Charles is known to have been deeply upset by the claims made in the Oprah Winfrey interview. DON'T MISS:  Harry and Meghan beaming as children drive Sussexes around [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry's 'shocking' snub  [INSIGHT] Royal LIVE: 'Talking about Prince Harry' gives William 'a headache'  [SPOTLIGHT]  The Duke accused his father of failing to support him and cutting him off financially. However, palace sources told the Telegraph that the meeting was not a “summit” designed to repair relationships, describing it instead as a normal family meeting between father and son. 