Haas have refused to pay back sponsorship money received by Uralkali after the team ended its deal with the fertiliser company before the first race in Bahrain. The team claims it had a right to end the deal due to a contract clause in the sponsorship agreement, according to Motorsport.com. The clause states Uralkali must not “bring into dispute, ridicule or lessen the public reputation” of the Haas team. Uralkali is owned by Nikita Mazepin's father Dmitry who has close ties with Vladimir Putin. Earlier this week, the Mazepin’s Italian villa was seized by authorities due to his links to the Kremlin. The American constructor claims Uralkali’s demand for money to be paid back was “ungrounded and rejected” as the company was in breach of the rules. The letter reportedly explained: “According to unanimous legal scholars and case law, the party which terminates the agreement for breach of the other party is under no obligation to return to such party what it has already received under the agreement. READ MORE: Nikita Mazepin has £100m assets seized including 25-room villa “The claim of Uralkali to obtain the re-payment of the down paid amount of EUR 12,000,000 is therefore ungrounded and rejected.” As well as refusing the refund, Haas has even demanded more money from the company. The team have asked for an extra £6.5million (€8million ) from the fertiliser group for a loss of profits it believes they would have made had the deal continued. Motorsport.com also reports the team are refusing to pay Mazepin’s salary for the time worked this season. The 23-year-old was still involved in the first pre-season test at Barcelona before he was replaced by Kevin Magnussen. It is understood Uralkali wrote to Haas to dispute the team’s termination of the contract. DON'T MISSMazepin will fight F1 sacking and blasts 'cancel culture' sanction [COMMENT]Mick Schumacher explains Kevin Magnussen's impact at Haas [INSIGHT]Haas boss Guenther Steiner apologises to Nikita Mazepin over sacking [ANALYSIS] The company has written to request a refund of almost £10million ($13million) which had already been paid. In a letter to the constructor, Uralkali had asked for “immediate reimbursement”. In a statement last month, they said: “As most of the sponsorship funding for the 2022 season has already been transferred to Haas and given that the team terminated the sponsorship agreement before the first race of the 2022 season, Haas has thus failed to perform its obligations to Uralkali for this year's season. UralKali shall request the immediate reimbursement of the amounts received by Haas.”