Karim Benzema may have been the star of the show over the course of two legs but the Real Madrid talisman was keen to show his appreciation for the performance of Reece James after dumping Chelsea out of the Champions League. The Frenchman had put his side in total control after the first leg at Stamford Bridge, where Benzema netted a hat-trick en route to a 3-1 victory in west London. Yet it was a very different story last night when Chelsea came out all guns blazing in pursuit of a famous triumph. Mason Mount had put Chelsea ahead at the break before goals from Antonio Rudiger and Timo Werner flipped the tie on its head. However, goals from Rodrygo and Benzema put Real Madrid back in control as they booked their place in the last four, where they will meet Manchester City or Atletico Madrid. Chelsea were rightfully distraught after 210 minutes of gruelling action but there were huge positives for Thomas Tuchel's men to take.  READ MORE: Chelsea quartet proved they have future under Thomas Tuchel with Real Madrid heroics Not least several high-class individual performances, with one of the best coming from Reece James. At full-time, Benzema approached the Chelsea wing-back and asked for his shirt and the pair exchanged jerseys. It was a mark of respect from the iconic centre-forward and a testament to James' quality. The England international's stats spoke for themself with James completing 100 per cent of his take-ons. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag wants to sign 'two of Ajax's best players' for Man Utd once named new managerArsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer after consulting BenficaBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star Gabriel He also had a pass completion rate of 94 per cent and won seven of his eight duels. James also won five tackles and completed three long balls - a 100 per cent success rate. Still, there was even time for one interception, one clear range and one foul drawn. Vinicius Jr, who was a persistent thorn in Chelsea's defence during the first leg was largely kept under control by James. The Brazilian did eventually breakthrough when he teed up Benzema for what would prove to be the winner but ultimately, he endured a tough night up against the relentless James. A serious hamstring injury for James back in December marked a serious turning point in Chelsea's season. Replacing the 22-year-old proved difficult with James considered key to Tuchel's system along with injured compatriot Ben Chilwell. Now he looks set for a strong to the campaign, with the Blues desperate to still make something of their season...