Manchester United have reportedly offered Robin van Persie the opportunity to assist incoming boss Erik ten Hag – but the former striker is expected to reject the offer to return to Old Trafford. Ten Hag is set to be unveiled as the Red Devils’ new manager in the coming days. United have been scouring the world for a new permanent boss ever since they appointed Ralf Rangnick as their interim manager last November. And Ten Hag appears to be their man. According to the Daily Mail, the 52-year-old is expected to bring his Ajax assistant Mitchell van der Gaag with him to England and wanted Van Persie to work with him as well. But the ex-Arsenal star is likely to stay in Holland because of family commitments. Van Persie scored 58 goals in 105 matches during three years as a player at Old Trafford. And his first season in the northwest coincided with the club winning their last Premier League title in 2013. The 38-year-old has since embarked on a coaching career and he is currently working at Feyenoord. MUST READ: Arsenal ready 'important proposal' to Paulo Dybala as Juventus ace set for 'three offers'   Ten Hag is set to sign a four-year contract at United and will look to build a suitable backroom team, with former Red Devils assistant Rene Meulensteen the latest coach to be tipped with a return to the club. But one man who won’t be coming back to Old Trafford is ex-England manager Steve McClaren. Ten Hag enjoyed a spell as McClaren’s assistant at FC Twente nearly 15 years ago and spoke to his former boss about a potential link-up. But McClaren is now not expected to take up a role. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal     Ten Hag will have an enormous job on his hands if he is to restore United to the team they once were. The Red Devils have been a shadow of the side they were under Sir Alex Ferguson since the Scot retired in 2013 and have come nowhere near winning another Premier League title or tasting Champions League success over the last nine seasons. But the club are willing to spend big money. And with the right man in charge, they could become a force in English and European football once again. Ten Hag has built a formidable reputation during four-and-a-half years in charge of Ajax and could win a third domestic double in Holland before the end of the season. And he will be looking to use his nous to find a winning formula at Old Trafford. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 