Bubba Watson has admitted he thought he was 'going to die' after speaking up about his ling standing battle with anxiety. Watson, 43, has long been cemented as a star of the sport, famously winning the Masters in both 2012 and 2014. He has also appeared in four Ryder Cups, although ended up on the losing side on each occasion. He is also widely considered a real character within golf. He regularly uses a pink driver, and is renowned for wearing his heart on his sleeve on the course, displaying raw emotion that has endeared him to the public. However, Watson, real name Gary Lester jnr, has now given a harrowing account of the mental health issues that he is dealt with ever since his first panic attack in 2007. In a frank interview with The Independent, he described how he had to hurry back from a tournament and wake up wife Angie, fearing he was enduring a cardiac arrest. “I thought I was having a heart attack," he said. "I said I needed to go to the hospital.” In fact, Watson had been nursing a wrist injury and it turned out that he’d had an adverse reaction to the anti-inflammatories he’d been prescribed by a doctor. JUST IN: Tiger Woods Masters return verdict delivered by Rory McIlroy after Augusta practice round Watson assumed it was the medicine that had promoted his anxiety, but the issue continued to resurfance and came to a head in 2011, just a year before his famous maiden win at Augusta. More significantly however, his dad, Gerry, had died after a lengthy battle with throat cancer just months earlier. Watson withdrew from a tournament in Los Angeles before releasing a statement about a muscular problem in his stomach. In reality, the grief of his father's death, compounded by wife Angie having problems in trying to adopt a child for the couple, had caused him anxiety and weight loss. "I can’t breathe, I’m scared, I’m going to die," he admitted to thinking at one point. DON'T MISS:Tiger Woods warning sent to Masters rivals ahead of potential return - 'Game is all back'Rory McIlroy explains 'way different' Masters preparation as he hunts career Grand SlamWhy Rory McIlroy will end his Masters hoodoo after agonising Augusta near-misses In 2016, Watson was again admitted to hospital believing he was having a heart attack. Doctors assured him that was not the case, and it was a turning point in Watson's life as he then began to truly tackle the real cause of the problem - his anxiety. Despite being classed a veteran in golf terms, his physique, and weight, is now in a more healthy state. And he's grateful that his psychological concerns are under control too. “I feel very blessed and lucky that it was fixable,” he continued. “I was just thankful to be alive. I went to rock bottom and I came out of it.”