If Erik ten Hag was watching Manchester United's 4-0 defeat to Liverpool, he may already be regretting what he has already signed up for next season. The Red Devils were battered from pillar to post and barely laid a glove on their rivals, who have now beaten United 9-0 over the course of both matches in the Premier League this season. Goals from Luis Diaz, Sadio Mane and two from Mohamed Salah done the damage, here's how Ralf Rangnick's players rated in one of their most shameful performances of the season...  David de Gea - 6 Squared up to Trent Alexander-Arnold after the Liverpool full-back rifled the ball towards his face following the opener. Helpless for all three Liverpool goals. Victor Lindelof - 5 Had problems coping with the movement and speed of Mane. Clumsy at times, while the third Liverpool goal came from his side. Phil Jones - 6 Looked like he was blowing in the first half but he can't be blamed, this was only his second Premier League start since January 2020. Was subbed at half-time but cannot be blamed for the monstrosity that was on show. Harry Maguire - 5 Hesitated on Diaz's opening goal, leading to a disjoined backline that was ruthlessly exposed. Just not up to the required standard of a Manchester United captain. Aaron Wan-Bissaka - 7 Generally one of United's better players. Defended reasonably well and helped turn defence into attack on more than one occasion. Nemanja Matic - 3 Looked unfit trying to keep chat with Liverpool. Paul Pogba - 3 Subbed due to injury after nine minutes, jeered by some sections of the Manchester United crowd. Diogo Dalot - 6 Didn't really do too much wrong personally, and showed a willingness to get forward. Bruno Fernandes - 5 Didn't look interested at times, half-heartedly pressed. Passing was also off, despite a peach of a through ball to Jadon Sancho. Could have walked for kicking Alexander-Arnold at knee height. Anthony Elanga - 5 Lost the ball for Liverpool's third goal. Was a bit indecisive in crucial moments but can't really be heavily criticised. Marcus Rashford - 4 Poor touch when 1 on 1 with Alisson. Upped his rating by tracking back to rob Diaz of possession on 65 minutes. Did miss a big chance in the second half though when he fired straight at the Liverpool goalkeeper. Jesse Lingard - 6 Replaced Pogba after nine minutes. Worked hard but was often missed out. Jadon Sancho - 7 Looked really bright whenever the ball was at his feet. Went on one mazy dribble that saw United look really dangerous but they couldn't convert. Hannibal Mejbri - 5 Ran around like a lunatic and was nearly sent off after hammering Jordan Henderson and Naby Keita. At least he showed some fight.