Manchester United were wrong to hand Bruno Fernandes a new contract, according to Paul Merson. Former Arsenal star Merson says the incoming United manager may not view Fernandes as a key part of the club's future. The Portugal international penned a new deal at Old Trafford this week. It will keep him at the club until the end of the 2025/26 season. Fernandes is currently in the middle of his least productive season so far in a United shirt. But he still has nine goals and six assists to his name in the Premier League. United will appoint a new permanent manager in the summer to replace interim Ralf Rangnick. But Merson says the incoming boss may not rate Fernandes as highly as those as United already do. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Tuchel 'did not have high expectations' as side battered by Brentford  "I'm flabbergasted if I'm being honest," Merson said on Sky Sports' Soccer Saturday. "You give him a four-year contract extension, more money, a manager comes in he might not like Fernandes. "He might not like all the throwing the hands up, the moaning that he does when he doesn't get the ball. He might have someone, it might be the lad at Ajax [Erik ten Hag], who's got someone else and thinks 'I've got someone who I want to bring in who wants to play my way'." Merson says the decision is typical of United in recent years. He continued: "I'm completely and utterly shocked. I cannot believe what's happening. "Everything is just being done off the cuff. It's been being done off the cuff for the last couple of years at Man United." DON'T MISS: Mo Salah will do 'everything on his part' to join Barcelona as Liverpool issue 'threat'  Rangnick gave his opinion on Fernandes' new contract this week. The German claimed it shows faith from the player in the club's direction as well as protecting his value if other teams are interested in signing him. Rangnick said: "This is another example of a player I would suppose is of interest from other clubs in Europe. By him deciding to stay here and sign a new long-term contract here is something he wouldn’t have done if he didn't believe in the long-term future of this club. "It shows that irrespective or not if he knows we are playing Champions League football, that this is an attractive club, a massive club."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here