Manchester United star Bruno Fernandes could soon be granted a wish as the Red Devils are reportedly keen for their new manager to use young midfielder James Garner in pre-season. playmaker Fernandes recently told fans that Garner, who is on loan at Nottingham Forest, is the academy player he most looks forward to playing alongside. United have lacked quality in midfield this season and face losing Paul Pogba on a free transfer in the summer. Meanwhile, Garner has impressed for a Forest side on the cusp of the Championship play-offs. Steve Cooper’s side have three games in hand on two of the teams who occupy play-off places and are just a point behind sixth-placed Blackburn. Garner has performed exceptionally since Cooper’s appointment earlier in the season, scoring three goals and assisting a further six in 37 appearances across all competitions. United ace Fernandes recently revealed that Garner was the young star he most looked forward to playing alongside. Asked by a fan in a Twitter Q&A, the 27-year-old told his followers that the former Watford loanee is a player who he most wants to play with.   JUST IN: Chelsea fans warned of conduct by Courtois ahead of Madrid clash Fernandes could have his wish granted very soon as Garner is expected to be offered the chance to impress United’s next manager. According to the Daily Telegraph, the 21-year-old will be involved with the first team during pre-season as the club’s hierarchy see him as a player with plenty of potential. Garner joined the Red Devils aged seven and was handed his senior debut by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in February 2019. He has made seven appearances for the Premier League club but was loaned to Watford ahead of the 2019-20 campaign. An unsuccessful spell with the Hornets led to Forest picking up Garner’s loan deal in January 2020 and that agreement was then renewed ahead of this season. Garner has also appeared four times for England U21s.   DON'T MISS...Arsenal told to sign 'perfect fit' Abraham as striker teases PL returnMan Utd urged to join race for PSG 'leader' Kylian MbappeEgypt minister joins 3 others in calling for Salah to leave Liverpool The identity of the United head coach he will hope to impress remains unclear. Ajax tactician Erik ten Hag is widely reported to be the favourite to land the job when Ralf Rangnick steps aside, while former Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino – now at Paris Saint-Germain – is also seriously under consideration. Both coaches have a reputation for developing young talent. Ajax’s model under Ten Hag has been to improve young stars and sell them on for big money, with the likes of Frenkie de Jong and Matthijs de Ligt both working under the Dutchman. Pochettino oversaw the development of Harry Kane, Dele Alli, Christian Eriksen and Eric Dier at Spurs. The Argentine challenged for two Premier League titles and led the North Londoners to a Champions League final.