Lewis Hamilton has moaned on team radio as the seven-time champion described Mercedes form as ‘crazy’. The Briton asked his race engineer ‘how are we so far off’.  Hamilton struggled to get through Q1 and was only quick enough for 16th as he was beaten by team-mate George Russell. He said: “How are we so far off man, this is crazy. Did we get through?" Hamilton initially appeared to have been knocked out of the session as better laps from other cars pushed him into the dropzone. But, the Briton crossed the line with just a couple of seconds left on the clock to give him another attempt. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton has Imola hopes shot down as Toto Wolff explains  Hamilton then looked safe before being pushed down to 15th in the closing stages. However, Hamilton may have been saved by Estebam Ocon who did not complete a final run in qualifying due to a gearbox issue. His team-mate Fernando Alonso was comfortably safe suggesting the Alpine had the pace to escape the drop. Both Mercedes were then knocked out in Q2 after a red flag period halfway through the session ended any chance for the Silver Arrows to escape. Hamilton was lying 13th and Russell 11th ahead of the shower. DON'T MISSToto Wolff warns Hamilton and Russell’s cars could be wrecked [INSIGHT]Nico Rosberg 'not sure' on George Russell taking Hamilton's place [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton vows Mercedes will 'extract potential' [COMMENT] Mercedes have continued to struggle with their porpoising issues in Imola and lacked pace in the morning session. Hamilton was only quick enough for 18th in FP1 and complained about a lack of grip in the wet weather. Russell was only 10th in the morning session as their problems seemed to worsen. Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff warned the team's opprtunity to fight for the title was becoming unrealistic as the team continued to be out of the mix. He said: "If we are able to unlock the potential in the car I think we can fight for this championship. But when you see the gaps particularly today it looks totally unrealistic endeavour. We just keep continuing, trying to understand.”