Michael, Georgie, John and Elton were the latest contestants to join ITV host Bradley Walsh for a chance to win a sum of life-changing money. Taking on Shaun 'The Dark Destroyer' Wallace, each contestant battled it out and successfully won the money they had earned. However, as Bradley introduced the contestants, eagle-eyed viewers noticed an odd trend with their names. Introducing themselves to the show, Michael began: "I'm Michael, I'm 25 and a constituency caseworker from Sheffield." "I'm Georgie, I'm 32 and a tour guide from Bromley," the second contestant revealed. John was up next and introduced himself: "I'm John, I'm 61 and an education manager from Cannock." Last but not least: "I'm Elton, I'm 48 and a customer service assistant from Buckhurst hill." READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry Bradley teased the four: "Wow, Elton John and Georgie Michael, at last, I get one!" Soon after they had been introduced, viewers of the show noticed their names represented two musical icons. Reading their names from last to first, the four contestants' names paid a subtle homage to Elton John and George Michael, which viewers found hilarious. Taking to social media, @MissLionHeart commented: "Today's contestants on #TheChase are George Michael and Elton John!" @adoretks added: "Elton John and George Michael on the chase, ay? #thechase." Christopher Peacock laughed: "Elton, John, George & Michael on #TheChase. Great work." William Smith said: "Elton John and George Michael, Brad got it #thechase." @willwetalk exclaimed: "ELTON JOHN + GEORGIE MICHAEL ???? no way, omg, they've def done that on purpose #TheChase." DON'T MISS...The Chase's Mark Labbett left red-faced after Bradley shut-down [INSIGHT]Bradley Walsh astonished by The Chase player's 'fluked' performance [LATEST]The Chase fans stunned as player tells Shaun Wallace he’s the ‘worst' [WATCH] 1601259 Marten Howay teased: "Well . . . the contestants’ names today, it’s a little bit funny ...#thechase." (sic) Michael was up first to take on Shaun and only managed to build just £2,000 in his cash-builder round, but Bradley consoled him and admitted his questions were difficult. Shaun offered him a lower amount of £200 and a higher offer of £26,000, however, he decided to stick with the £2,000 and eventually made it through to the Final Chase. Up next was Georgie, who built an impressive £4,000 and was given the option to go lower with £1,000 or higher with £30,000. Despite being tempted, she decided to stick with the £4,000 and made it back to the Final Chase with Michael. John was third to take on Shaun and, unfortunately, was caught during the head to head and lost the £36,000 he decided to play for. Last up was Elton, who built £3,000 and again decided to stick with the money he built. He joined Michael and Georgie for the final. During the Final Chase, the contestants managed to get 18 steps in front of Shaun, and with three successful pushbacks, the team beat him with two steps to go. The Chase airs weekdays from 5pm on ITV.