Gabriel Jesus would be the perfect signing for Arsenal if Mikel Arteta can get a deal done this summer. Reports from Brazil have claimed the Gunners are in advanced talks to sign the player. Brazilian journalist Jorge Nicola has claimed on his YouTube channel that an agreement has been struck between Arsenal and Jesus after a meeting with his agent and all that needs to be done now is for Arsenal and Manchester City to agree on a fee. Meanwhile, The Athletic says Arsenal are the favourites to sign the forward and talks have been held with representatives for months. If a deal does happen, Arteta will have found a key piece of the jigsaw he is building at the Emirates. Jesus would fit seamlessly into the Arsenal side. The Gunners would be getting a hungry player, keen on making the Brazil squad for the World Cup in Qatar later this year. He may not be the most prolific in front of goal but 89 goals in 229 games for City is not a bad record by any stretch of imagination. READ MORE: Gabriel Jesus 'has agreed' Arsenal transfer as talks 'very advanced' with Man City star  He has often been used as a substitute by Pep Guardiola which also distorts his record somewhat. Jesus only turned 25 earlier this month and there is a feeling plenty more can be drawn out of his undoubted talent. Arsenal are going to need at least one striker this summer, even if one of Eddie Nketiah or Alexandre Lacazette do end up staying. And a move for Jesus makes perfect sense. He has shown in recent seasons he can play across the frontline. So even if Arsenal do sign a more established centre-forward, Jesus could still earn a spot in the starting XI. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag makes stance on Man Utd selling Marcus Rashford clear to CEO Richard Arnold [REPORT]Man Utd target Antony has clear summer plan after Erik ten Hag move confirmed [TRANSFERS]Five possible targets with Man Utd 'working on deal for young Premier League striker' [TRANSFERS]  Guardiola never stands in the way of a player wanting to leave, so if his desire is to move elsewhere, Arsenal will be in a good position to snap him up. A big reason for that is the presence of Mikel Arteta at the Emirates. Jesus officially joined City in 2017, the year after Arteta became Guardiola's assistant. Arteta worked closely with the forwards at the Etihad and Jesus spoke glowingly about him following his departure to become Arsenal boss. Jesus said of the Spaniard in 2019: "He's helped a lot of players. When I want to do finishing after training, I tell him and he comes and helps me.  "So he is really fantastic for us. All the players know that — everyone knows that in the club. He is a fantastic guy and fantastic manager. "I don't honestly know what he thinks about his career, that is for him. I hope he can find his way and I hope he can be happy." Arteta is attempting to adopt a similar style of play to Guardiola at Arsenal but hasn't yet got the players to do that. Signing a player from City would go a long way to achieving that. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 