What is wrong with staff working at home as long as WFH can be cancelled in emergencies, as regrettably it was not during the chaos of the Afghanistan evacuation? Why is a supposedly green government, committed to net zero, so keen on commuters clogging up the roads? Why is a government so worried about Covid insisting on packed trains, tubes and buses? Why is a government so keen to support the family wanting parents arriving home after the kids are in bed? Why is a government committed to reviving the high street keen to drain workers from small towns to big cities? Civil servants have no more duty to work in London to keep the sandwich bars afloat than drivers had to abandon cars in favour of the horse to keep the grooms in business. Too many commentators suggest that home workers idle instead of putting in the hours, but performance indicators and appraisals can still be applied, for goodness' sake. One of the biggest attractions of home-working is its flexibility. If somebody is on a Peloton bike halfway through the morning, what does it matter as long as the work is done? If that work is done before breakfast or during the evening to accommodate childcare, so what? Does anybody suppose that when people are chatting by the office tea-urn, all they are focused on is work instead of what they did last night or are going to do at the weekend? Indeed the absence of the distraction of colleagues allows much better focus on actual tasks, allowing homeworking to be more productive - and with Zoom and Skype colleagues can be consulted and meetings can be held at will. The Rwanda rumpus continues but I would rather Britain's money went to a developing and ambitious Third World which has been praised the United Nations, than to which pocketed millions our hard-earned cash to control the channel crossings and achieved nothing except an increase in migrants. I produce this page at home. Whether I write it at 6am, noon or 6pm is irrelevant as long as it is interesting, has the requisite number of words, is in the correct form and doesn't give the lawyers a headache. So why should it not be the same for a civil servant writing a memo? ----- Readers will know that I keep this page a mainly Sussex-free zone so this will be the last time I mention them before the Jubilee, from which I sincerely hope they stay away. It is right that Harry should receive due recognition and publicity for his role in setting up the Invictus Games and equally right that he should have taken advantage of being in Europe to visit his grandmother - but it was wrong, if depressingly predictable, for him to give self-aggrandising interviews on what was supposedly a private visit. If Harry and Meghan, above, do come to the Jubilee, the media should not play their game and focus on them. They should be mere footnotes not centre stage. After all, Harry says America feels like home, so let him stay there. ----- In my 23 years at Westminster there was the occasional instance of an MP having an affair with a secretary or researcher but I never heard nor saw the slightest suggestion of sexual harassment on the scale now alleged. Indeed, when the "Pestminster" scandal broke out in 2017 complainants were raising such trivia as an indecent joke told 15 years earlier. Of course, the definition of sexual harassment has changed over the years until men are afraid to pay a woman a compliment on her looks, but I strongly suspect that something else is at work here: Westminster is a hotbed of jealousies and old scores waiting to be paid. Anybody guilty of genuine misconduct should pay the price but so should anyone guilty of making a false or frivolous allegation. ----- There is a war in Europe. There is a cost of living crisis at home. The President of the United States exhibits ever more clueless behaviour. The NHS struggles with record queues. Migrants pour unlawfully on to our shores. And acres of newsprint are devoted to whether or not Angela Rayner, left, flashes her legs at the PM during Question Time? ----- If a company has a technology problem, then the assumption must be that bosses will want to sort it out ASAP in the interests of efficiency, that they will want to know who in their workforce has encountered the problem and of any resulting loss in turnover or profits. That is a statement of the bloomin' obvious, which makes the attitude of the Post Office to its sub-postmasters during the Horizon scandal all the more incomprehensible. Instead of fixing the problem it denied there was one, even to the extent of telling individual sub-postmasters that nobody else had a problem, when said problem was widespread. Then it prosecuted staff, despite knowing of that problem, wrecking lives and causing suicides. Now the latest revelation is that it demanded signing gagging clauses in return for compensation. It is a tale of incompetence, deceit and cruelty but what on earth was the objective behind it all?