Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has admitted he is wary of six Manchester United players, including wantaway star Paul Pogba. The Reds host United on Tuesday night, knowing a win will take them above Manchester City in the Premier League table. While Klopp's men are still in the hunt for a historic quadruple of trophy wins, United have endured a dreadful campaign. Even so, Klopp has made it clear that he still fears Red Devils stars Pogba, Jadon Sancho, Bruno Fernandes, Anthony Elanga, Marcus Rashford and Cristiano Ronaldo. “We don’t face the team who has problems, we face Manchester United. And if I go through the line-up that could play, the goalkeeper is world class, the last line (defence) absolute top, then (in midfield) I’m not sure if McTominay and Fred can play and it might be Pogba and Matic," he said. “If you let Pogba play, and he plays through you and behind you and all these kind of things – then up front you can choose from Sancho, Fernandes, Elanga or Rashford, and a guy who scored his 60th hat-trick. That’s what we have to prepare for, not what happened last week or something like that.” READ MORE: Jurgen Klopp demands Liverpool players are 'angry' vs Man Utd Klopp also warned his team that they must forget the troubles that United have gone through this season. The German is wary of Liverpool growing complacent as they continue to fight to add to the their trophy cabinet. “If we let United do [what they want] they will cause us massive problems, so we have to be in the right mood, the people have to be in the right mood, like really, really ready to fight for three points - and not want to show we are in a better moment than United. Who is interested in that?" Klopp said. DON'T MISS: Liverpool get Champions League boost after Villarreal's Moreno setback (NEWS)Jurgen Klopp agrees with Ralf Rangnick about current Man Utd state (INSIGHT)Pep Guardiola accused of 'disrespecting Liverpool' in FA Cup decision (ANALYSIS) “We have had a couple of times better moments than other teams and they have given us a knock - that’s it with a better moment, who cares? They want to have the three points that we need, so that’s the attitude we need to show. We have to be angry in a good way and all these kind of things; greedy, really like you are if you have won nothing, like you would be with nil points and it is the most important three points in your life. That’s actually the attitude we need for this game because the quality is too high and they are too good for not being in that mood.”