Eva (played by Catherine Tyldesley) left Coronation Street back in 2018 as part of a storyline which saw her give her baby daughter to Toyah (Georgia Taylor) and her partner at the time, Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne), to raise as their own. This was all done through the means of a verbal agreement so when the mother of one wanted to take her child back, there was a lot of heartbreak as relationships ended and characters made their exit from the ITV soap. The former cobbles resident has been living in France ever since but her sister, Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) could need her help to stop Toyah from making a huge mistake. In Wednesday night's episode of the weeknight serial drama, Toyah was still struggling with the aftermath of discovering her partner, Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo), cheated on her with Abi Franklin (Sally Carman). Their night of passion led to the birth of a baby boy called Alfie, who is currently in intensive care because he was born so early. With the couple having split up as a result of the secret being exposed, Imran believed he was going to have shared custody of his son. However, he considered applying for full custody of the baby when he thought Abi had taken drugs and had relapsed again. Worried about bringing Alfie up on his own and seeing this as a chance to win his partner back, he approached Toyah with a proposition. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage The lawyer explained to Toyah how they could raise the child together and be his parents, with Abi getting the occasional visit. Although she hadn't taken the drugs, Imran didn't believe her and he wanted to make sure he could have the family he'd always dreamed of. Once the proposition was on the table, the lawyer left Toyah to think it over and she ended up going to Leanne for advice. It's fair to say Leanne was not best pleased but Toyah told her: "What Imran is offering is what I have always dreamed of. "Yes, so Alfie hasn't had the best start if life but every child who goes through fostering and adoption, they all have a story." "The only difference is we know this story first hand," Toyah added, with Leanne replying: "I cannot believe you're even contemplating this." Her sister continued: "Imran was right, no matter how we got here, this is what I have always wanted." Still not convinced, Leanne asked her sister: "So in this fantasy of yours, was your partner a cheat? And did your kid belong to the woman around the corner?" "The perfect family does not exist, you know that," Toyah hit back, with her sibling commenting: "There's rose-tinted and there is whatever this is. "This is not about bringing up a kid which is not your blood, that's not the problem. The problem is your fiancé cheated on you and conceived a baby with another woman behind your back." DON'T MISS...Rula Lenska health: Star, 74, on the 'difficulty' of hearing loss [COMMENT]Michelle Collins, 59, engaged to toyboy beau, 38, after 10 years [COMMENT]Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim [COMMENT] "I'm not saying all is forgiven but when everything you've dreamed of is handed to you on a plate, you owe it to yourself to consider it," Toyah replied. Finally admitting defeat, Leanne reluctantly said: "Look, you're my sister and I love you so whatever you decide, I will support you. "But, just think on this, right. You take Imran back and you take on Alfie as your own. What if in a few year's time, you're trying to put him down to sleep after he's had a bad dream and you're staring into his eyes and all you see is Abi's eyes staring back at you? "That will remind you of what Imran has done. You then have to tear that young boy's life apart because you thought that was what you wanted." It didn't seem the pair were on the same page but by the end of the episode, Toyah decided she was going to take her former lover back. Knowing Imran will only break her sister's heart again, Leanne could make a call to Eva, knowing she could get through to Toyah. When the mother of one watched Toyah raise her daughter, it was extremely difficult and broke her heart to see another woman raising her child. It might have been fine if they were not living on the same street but it was harder because she would see Susie every day. This is exactly what Abi would be going through and with many issues with drugs, she would be more likely to relapse seeing Alfie as part of a strong, family unit. Therefore, Eva could agree to come back for a couple of weeks to talk through the situation with Toyah and give her another perspective to think about. Eva would know it would be a big thing for Toyah to break things off with Imran and to not adopt Alfie but she would be on hand to support her all the way. However, will Toyah see this as the right thing to do, or will she think Eva and Leanne are trying to control her life? The actress who played Eva, Catherine, has spoken out in the past about whether she would ever return to the cobbles. Catherine explained: "Of course and you know what never say never. The writers are incredible, so never say never.” "I’m really enjoying doing lots of different things at the moment and next year, luckily, is already looking quite busy for me after baby but never say never because Corrie is such a special place and it was my second home for seven years and I adore everyone there," she told ITV's Lorraine so there is a huge chance she could be back. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.