Mercedes are set to bring an upgraded package to Melbourne for next weekend’s Australian Grand Prix as the Silver Arrows look to get Lewis Hamilton’s world championship quest back on track. The Brit has endured a rocky start to the season, following up a fortuitous podium in Bahrain with a poor showing in Saudi Arabia. While Mercedes experienced a turbulent pre-season, the team secured an incredible result during the opening race in Bahrain as Hamilton nicked third while teammate George Russell secured P4 in his first race with the team. However, that result was ultimately skewed as both Red Bull cars - which were running in front of the Mercedes duo - broke down in the final few laps. Hamilton then suffered a brutal reality check as he could only muster P10 after a dismal qualifying session saw the seven-time world champion crash out in Q1 for the first time since November 2017. Russell fared a little better as he crossed the finish line in fifth. The race last weekend showcased that Mercedes’ W13 is off the pace of the machinery at the disposal of Ferrari duo Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz - who occupy the top two spots in the championship - as well as that of world champion Max Verstappen. However, German magazine Auto Motor und Sport has reported a new take on the Mercedes’ rear-wing design could help them move to the top of the grid. READ MORE: Hamilton 'blacked out' in fighter jet after ignoring breathing advice Hamilton and Russell’s W13 made headlines during preseason testing with the ’sidepod-less’ design deemed revolutionary by plenty of figures within the sport. However, it appears this was not the case as the German manufacturer have struggled mightily with ground effect and porpoising. Russell admitted solving these frustrations ‘would cure 99 per cent of our issues’, but Hamilton was more frank after he failed to reach Q2 in Jeddah. The Brit labelled his car ‘undriveable’ in the set-up used. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen picks Leonardo DiCaprio to play in Lewis Hamilton filmAston Martin ‘going nowhere’ as Lawrence Stroll slammedCharles Leclerc has proved he can win F1 title against Max Verstappen The rear-wing changes could be made and implemented in time for the Australian Grand Prix next weekend. The focus on downforce promises to improve the porpoising problem, but it's questionable as to whether the team can rectify their concerns completely in such a short space of time without sacrificing performance in other aspects of their car. Hamilton currently sits fifth in the Drivers’ Standings, behind teammate George Russell, world champion Max Verstappen, Carlos Sainz and leader Charles Leclerc of Ferrari. The Australian Grand Prix is set to be absolutely crucial for Hamilton’s quest to secure the elusive eighth world championship, which would take him clear of Michael Schumacher with the most in F1 history.