Manchester United interim boss Ralf Rangnick ‘is banking’ on Erik ten Hag to get more from Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho, according to reports. The Red Devils have endured a nightmare campaign, with Saturday’s 3-1 defeat to Arsenal yet another blow. And it seems the summer can’t come quick enough. Manchester United announced earlier in the week that Ten Hag would be their next manager, having beaten the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique to the role. The Ajax boss will take over at the end of the campaign and is already looking forward to getting started at Old Trafford. And, now, The Mirror say Rangnick is expecting Ten Hag to coax the best from Rashford and Sancho when he moves to the Premier League. Big things were expected of Sancho when he moved from Borussia Dortmund last summer. The club had spent four years pursuing the 22-year-old, having first started eyeing a transfer when he was strutting his stuff for Manchester City. Jose Mourinho ultimately missed out on Sancho in 2017, with the player choosing to prioritise first-team football at Dortmund instead. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But, last year, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was finally able to bring the player to Old Trafford. Solskjaer insisted Sancho would give supporters many good moments due to his outstanding ability. Yet it’s been a troublesome first year in English football for the forward, who has scored just three Premier League goals this term. Admittedly, Sancho has improved considerably since the appointment of Rangnick earlier in the season. But he’s still to live up to his lofty £73million price tag as he prepares to make his mark under Ten Hag. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Regarding Rashford, it’s been a dire season for the 24-year-old. Back in the summer, United sent the forward to undergo shoulder surgery in the hope that he’d get back to his blockbuster best. But Rashford has netted just five times this term, struggling to make his mark under Rangnick in the process. Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain have been credited with an interest in the United academy graduate. However, it’s likelier he’ll stay at Old Trafford to fight for his place and try and get back to the player he was during Solskjaer’s first two seasons in charge. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Rangnick thinks the pair can both kick on when Ten Hag replaces him in the dugout for next season. Yet he also believes United need a new forward, regardless of what else happens between now and the summer. Rangnick privately thinks the club have made errors by going for veterans such as Edinson Cavani and Odion Ighalo in recent years. And he reckons they have ‘big issues’ up top despite the 22 goals of Cristiano Ronaldo this season. Speaking after United’s loss to Arsenal on Saturday, meanwhile, Rangnick was asked what Ten Hag would be thinking about his new job. And he stated: "There is a lot of work for sure. “We knew that before the game. We showed what football we can play. “Although we had to deal with the two early goals we still showed the attitude. There is nothing about the attitude of the players we should fault today." And, when quizzed on if his side would be finishing outside of the top four, he continued: "Pretty sure. “For me even before the game it was not very likely but after today's result it is gone yes."