On Sunday night, viewers were taken to Dyffryn Gardens near Cardiff in South Wales by host Fiona Bruce. Guests of the BBC show brought along an array of items from rugby memorabilia to old tennis clothes. However, Will Farmer was especially intrigued by one couple's items as they were made by Art Deco artist Clarice Cliff and when evaluated, left the couple in shock. After looking at the large display of plates, cups and crockery, Will was amazed at the collection and asked the couple more about where they came from. He began: "Here in front of us, we have got such a broad spread of works by Clarice Cliff, everything from her landscapes, her geometrics, her fruits and florals. "So I have got to ask the question, is this an inheritance, or is this a collection?" The guest smiled and explained: "Well, it's a bit of both, really, we started collecting in 1971, stopping in an antique place not far from here and saw this large bowl. READ MORE: Esther Rantzen fumes as Queen is criticised for leaning on Andrew "We thought, well, that is something worth having to brighten up our room at home, so we bought it for about £2.50, but I said when I saw that, 'That reminds me of the tea dishes we have at home'. "So I spoke to my mother, and I said, 'What about those plates?' And we looked, of course, at the back of these geometric plates, and there is the sign Clarave Cliff!" Will confirmed with her: "So these are the ones that were owned within your family, and what is the backstory with these, how did these come into the family?" "Well, my grandparents used to host garden parties in a big garden," she revealed. "My grandmother ordered, believe it or not, 100 plates, cups and saucers all of the same design. "Hundreds of those, they were on the table every single day we thought nothing of them, and if one broke, it didn't matter one bit we just went to the cupboard and got another one out. "They bring back childhood memories to me, those cups and saucers!" "Can I ask one question what is the most you have ever paid for a piece?" Will asked. The male guest gave out a big sigh and recalled: "Oh, probably about £60 no more?" DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest in awe over £4 charity shop frame valuation  [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow expert baffled by valuable mystery timepiece [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow expert shares opal necklace's fascinating secret [WATCH] Stunned by the revelation, Will continued: "Okay, and for example, the big charger at the back do you remember what that cost?" "I think that cost £35 from an antiques shop in Cardiff," the male guest revealed. "This is a fabulous example," Will exclaimed with excitement. "This is an 18-inch charger in a pattern called Bridgewater Green dated from about 1933. "So we have got to talk numbers, the jugs here, Umbrellas of Rain, the melon, but in a rare colourway, you're talking there between five and seven hundred pounds each." The guest were shocked at the first price, but Will wasn't finished and continued: "We move down to the sugar sifter, lovely conical sugar sifter there and again another £500-600. "Then we have got to come up to the charger, well as I say, you really shelled out that day at £35. Well, your £35 investment is now £300-400!" Amazed at what Will had just revealed to them, the woman joked: "Can I sit down!" Well went on to inform the couple that if they had the whole collection that was in pristine condition, then it would have sold for between £10,000-15,000. Stunned, the woman joked: "Don't tell the children," before Will added: "You might have to tell them not to watch, but it is a wonderful collection, so thank you so much!" Antiques Roadshow airs Sunday from 8pm on BBC One.