Justin Thomas, 28, is gearing up for the 2022 Masters as the US golfer alongside fellow competitors including Tiger Woods goes head-to-head at the Augusta National. The champion has opened up about his upcoming wedding with his longtime love and fiancée Jillian Wisniewski. The couple have been in a relationship for five years when they announced their engagement last year. Justin often shares snaps of the loved-up couple via his Instagram account and his other half is often supporting her now-fiancé at his events. The golfer explained that his main focus is on his sport while his bride-to-be is taking care of the wedding. But the sports star has since shared the one thing the couple has agreed on when it comes to their big day. READ MORE: Richard Madeley proposed to wife Judy three weeks into 'affair' Speaking in a new interview, Justin said: "As I've learned from a lot of my good friends, I'm doing a great job as I'm getting out of the way, letting Jill do her thing."But he added that he does not expect to see any phones on the couple's wedding day. "No phones, that was my number one thing," he explained. "I want people to be in the moment and I want just — this day and age, it seems like everything everybody does, you got to have it on video or have it on pictures," Thomas commented. He added: "And I just want everyone there to enjoy their time and be in the moment, as opposed to watching it on their screen. That was was a big thing for me." The golf champion went on to praise his partner and shared that he looks forward to the couple's big day. Justin told People: "We feel like we already [are married] because of how long we've been together and she's such a, just a great influence on me. "I mean, she truly makes me a better person and every time being around her brings out a better side of me." Meanwhile, things are hotting up at Augusta National as the Masters head into the weekend. DON'T MISS... Dragons' Den star Sara Davies talks 'scandal' with husband 'I was 15'[LATEST]Richard Osman breaks silence following Pointless exit after 13 years[TV]Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue[ROYALS] It has also been a promising comeback from Tiger with the 15-time major champion showing no signs of his injury hampering his play. Taking to Instagram, Justin recently shared a photo of his day on the golf course during the competition. In view of his 1.3 million followers, he captioned the post: "Monday @themasters." He was inundated with messages as fans offered their well wishes. Jord Solo wrote: "Feeling like it's your year." Nate added: "Let's go JT!" On Saturday and Sunday, Sky Sports Golf has coverage all day, starting with Masters Breakfast at 9am. Live stream: Sky Sports subscribers can stream the action live on mobile, tablet or desktop via the SkyGo app. 