Stevie joined the cast of EastEnders as Isaac on New Year's Day 2020, who turned out to be the long-lost son of BBC soap stalwart, Patrick Trueman (played by Rudolph Walker). Over the past two years, the character's relationship with his father and mother, Sheree Trueman (Suzette Llewellyn), has been explored as well as his mental health as it was explained the school teacher had schizophrenia. There was a lot of mystery around the character's departure as viewers were confused about whether this was really the end for the young heartthrob. Yes, the soap star's final scenes aired on March 31, 2022, just a few short months after his anniversary of joining the cast. It was announced prior to the episode being broadcast the character's storyline was going to be wrapped up somehow and fans were expecting big things. In a statement, the actor said: "What a dream come true! I’m grateful to have spent over two years on one of the biggest shows in the country, there’s nothing like it. Thank you for everything you’ve given me. "I’ve learnt so much during my time and I’m proud to have been a part of some important work and to have made friends and memories that I’ll cherish for a long time. "EastEnders has been an essential part of my growth both as a young man and an actor, and I’m now excited and feel ready to explore this next chapter of my career.” READ MORE: University Challenge finalists despair over drag slang round There was no exact reasoning given for why the soap star left the show, but the head of continuing drama at the BBC, Kate Oates, commended the actor on his portrayal of the troubled character. Kate said: "Stevie has been a huge asset to EastEnders during his time here; not least through his incredible performance across Isaac’s schizophrenia story. "As a member of the Trueman family, he will always be a part of one of our most iconic families. We will miss him, and wish him well in his new ventures." After Isaac's exit from Walford at the end of March, Stevie spoke in a video posted on the soap's official Twitter page where he explained his decision a little further. The actor said: "Playing Isaac has been a gift. It's been challenging at times, especially with the schizophrenia storyline last year. "Working with the Truemans, working with the G that is Mr Rudolph Walker has been special. I'm going really miss him," Stevie continued. "And I want to say thank you to you guys for just always showing love and being really kind and supportive. That's really been cool. "And just to know that I think it's always difficult to come into a show like this and be a character that sort of stirs things a little bit." "But I've noticed the love that has been developed by you guys for Isaac," the actor continued in his farewell video. "So thank you to you," he said as he concluded his speech. DON'T MISS...June Brown once invited to go clubbing by Lady Gaga after forming bond [COMMENT]Piers Morgan shares heartache over June Brown after Life Stories chat [COMMENT]June Brown's co-star Adam Woodyatt sad she was 'never made a Dame' [COMMENT] At the moment, there are no current plans to bring Stevie back into the show, despite his character's exit suggesting he could be back in a matter of weeks. Isaac ended up leaving Walford to go and visit his mother, Sheree, in Trinidad after she had suffered a heart attack following the breakdown of her marriage to Patrick. The likes of Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) and the character's girlfriend, Lola Pearce (Danielle Harold), tried to dissuade him from going. Eventually, the school teacher made up his mind and told his partner he wouldn't be gone for too long and they could begin a long-distance relationship. His last scene saw him giving a nod to his father in the Queen Vic pub, before walking out the doors, never to be seen again. Although the door has been left open for him to return at any time, it is likely Isaac will begin to cut off ties with his loved ones in Walford. Struggling to keep up with the long-distance relationship, either the heartthrob or Lola will decide to bring the romance to an end. Despite Patrick still being on the Square, Isaac could focus more on his mother whilst he is abroad and reestablish their relationship. It was incredibly strong before Isaac discovered Patrick was his father so Sheree could try to persuade her son not to talk with him so much. Stevie's character could become a distant memory for many living on the Square but fans will never forget the formidable Isaac. Taking to Twitter after Isaac's exit scenes, fans were perplexed by his departure, with Lady Artist writing: "Does this mean that he's left for good?" Orville Lloyd posted: "Damn another young male character leaves EastEnders. Issac had potential the writers could have given the character a bit more to do." Leah added: "Poor exit for a brilliant actor, his storyline last year was amazing! No recognition for it just a low key exit! Good luck for the future, Stevie." Declan commented: "The young don’t survive in EastEnders. They really do just come and go. Whatever you do next Stevie I wish you the very best of luck." EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday at 7:30pm on BBC One.