Currently, the line of succession would pass from Prince Charles, 73, to Prince William, 39, and then down to the eldest Cambridge child, Prince George. But the Duchess of Cambridge could take on the constitutional powers of the monarch, if others in the direct line of succession cannot assume responsibility. Under the 1937 Regency Act, a Regent can be appointed if the monarch is incapacited on health grounds, or the next in line is not yet 18. The Act outlines that a Regent can take the reins if “the Sovereign is by reason of infirmity of mind or body incapable” of temporarily “performing royal functions”. It adds that it can also be the case if “they are satisfied by evidence that the Sovereign is for some definite cause not available for the performance of those functions”. There are also terms for a Regent taking charge when an heir is not yet old enough to take to the throne and rule. If the monarchy was to tragically lose the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge before Prince George, eight, reached his 18th birthday, Kate would likely take temporary control as his legal guardian. He is the only person in the current order who is not yet legally an adult. The decision must be agreed by a number of players, including at least three of the spouse of the Sovereign, the Commons Speaker, the Lord Chancellor, the Master of the Rolls and the Lord Chief Justice of England. But there are conditions for who can take the role of Regent, including being over 21, a British citizen, and living in the UK. READ MORE: Thomas Markle to visit UK for Platinum Jubilee For Kate to assume the Regent role, George’s great-grandmother, grandfather, and father, would all have to die in a heartbreaking twist of events before George turns 18. As the Queen scales back her hectic schedule of royal engagements, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, occasionally with their three children, have stepped further into the limelight. The Duchess attended a service of commemoration on Monday alongside Prince William at Westminster Abbey on Monday to mark Anzac Day. The Duke of Cambridge, 39, laid a wreath at the Cenotaph on behalf of his grandmother, the Queen, on Monday morning, before attending the Westminster service. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan accused of 'disliking England' [LIVE] Royal rift POLL: Should William work to resolve the feud with Harry? ]VOTE] Kate and Prince William's body language analysed [ANALYSIS] The pair also attended the Easter Sunday service to mark the long weekend, leading the Royal Family’s presence as the Queen stayed away. They had Prince George and his younger sister, Princess Charlotte, in tow as they made their way to St George’s Chapel, Windsor. The family matched their blue clothing as Prince George looked smart in a navy suit, with Princess Charlotte’s dress picking up the same hues as her mother’s outfit. The family outing did not include the youngest Cambridge prince, Louis. It is understood that the four-year-old is not quite old enough to be a regular at Royal Family events with his older siblings.