The Duchess of York, who was married to Prince Andrew from 1986 to 1996, described the royal matriarch's birthday as an “amazing day” in her Twitter post. The former art gallery and PR worker also lavished praise on the monarch by mentioning all her key roles in a royal and private family capacity.  She said: “Happy Birthday Your Majesty. “What an amazing day of celebrations for the most inspirational Head of State, leader, Wife, Mother, Granny, Great Granny and Mother in Law.” The Duchesses warm and positive comments about the Queen caused royal fans to take to social media to discuss the sweet wishes. Twitter user @Victori28965444 wrote: “Happy Birthday Your Majesty. You are beautiful in & out. You are an amazing woman. I love you dearly and you are my idol . Alway's and foremost forevermore.”  Meanwhile @tatey61 added: “How lucky are we all to have lived during her incredible reign & seen for ourselves the incredible selfless service & duty.” A third user, @kevb231, added: “Lovely tribute, Duchess of York.” Royal fan, @ScottWLFord, said: “She’s just incredible! Only nearly 25 years ago her own mother turned 96 on 4 August 1997 - now she reached her age! 96! “She still stuck to her promise that she will not let her nation down until the very end. What a strong woman she is. The best!” READ MORE: Earl and Countess of Wessex's Queen Jubilee trip to Grenada cancelled  @Secilygrace5566 gushed: “I loved seeing you two together! I loved your wedding dress. Those were the Year's!” Twitter user @Supersonic_2011added: “And the best-dressed Grandma and Great Grandma too!” The Duchess, who has been open about her past battles with eating disorders, recently told Hello magazine in an interview that she still suffers from “mental health issues” due to negative press coverage about her weight along with childhood trauma. She said: “I did have and still have mental health issues, which I work at literally every day, I really do. DON'T MISS:  William must 'temper' meeting with Sussexes after 'intentional damage' [REVEAL] 'Can see it all blow up in their face again' Harry and Meghan warned  [INSIGHT] Prince Charles ‘at end of tether’ with Prince Harry  [SPOTLIGHT]   “And I have been in therapy for 24 years. “Sometimes I talk to my therapist on a weekly basis, and then sometimes, when it gets really tough, I jump in and get a quick hit of trying to understand the negativity of the demons of my mind.” In a recent podcast appearance the royal spoke frankly about her past “dangerous” battles. She said: “I was a binge-eater. “I could never get bulimia because I just didn't have that mental state to go that far, but I always wished I could. “That just shows you how dangerous and what place I got to. To wish you could have a mental illness to that level is a very serious place to get to.” 