Mrs Hinch fans often share cleaning tips on dedicated Facebook pages, including how to clean hobs. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Sharon Miller wrote: “Please help! My daughter cooked popcorn last night. She kept shuffling the pan back and forth over the ceramic hob and it’s scratched it. Is there any way I can fix this?” The glass on ceramic hobs are not known to be scratch resistant, making them susceptible from pans. This is why it is recommended to clean the hob after every use, to make sure food particles are disposed of. While it may not be possible to remove the majority of deep scratches, Mrs Hinch fans took to the comments to recommend a variety of different products. Sheree Dannielle wrote: “Use Pink Stuff paste and leave it overnight. You might have to repeat several times. It won’t completely get rid of the scratches but it’ll massively help.” READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘cheap’ way to freshen up ‘shaggy’ rugs Allison Cowan said: “Pink Stuff is amazing for hob cleaning.” Trish Gibson commented: “Use Pink Stuff paste!” Kim Chapman added: “I was just going to recommend that, it’s magic.” The Pink Stuff Miracle Cleaning Paste is perfect for cleaning dirt, grime and stains on saucepans, cooker tops, sinks and tiles. DON'T MISS:DIY homeowner transforms bathroom for £250 by painting tiles [PICTURES]‘A must have for every bedroom’ - indoor plants which ‘clean the air’ [EXPERT]Monty Don: ‘Now is a good time’ to ‘lift and divide hardy geraniums’ [VIDEO] It can be used on a variety of surfaces around the home and is a mild abrasive paste, making it great for hobs. Available for as little as 99p in stores like B&M and Home Bargains, the product can be applied with a soft cloth or sponge. Yasmeen Majeed said: “Use Pink Stuff 100 percent.” Gail Saunders added: “My scratches disappeared.” Other group members recommended using a homemade solution with baking soda. Yolande Clarkson commented: “Mix baking soda with a bit of washing up liquid and apply it. Leave it for a bit and use a non-scratch scourer.” Jillian Prune wrote: “Bit of washing up liquid should do the job on its own, it’s marvellous for all sorts of jobs. “You could also white baking soda with it or use white vinegar, great combination for a variety of jobs.” Mrs Hinch fans have also shared oven cleaning tips which can become extremely dirty with dried-on food. One cleaning fan has shared how using one particular product, costing under £2, has got her oven racks “sparkling”. Cassie Lewtas wrote: “I’m amazed how good this oven cleaner is. “I followed the instructions and left the shelves in the bag in the solution overnight. “They are sparkling! Like NEW, without even having to wipe them.” The Elbow Grease Oven Cleaning Kit works by placing oven racks in the provided bag and solution overnight. It works on ovens, grills as well as class and can be picked up for as little as £1.99.