Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has praised Cristiano Ronaldo after the veteran's sublime hat-trick against Norwich City on Saturday. The Red Devils dug deep to win 3-2 at Old Trafford. And their No 7 was the star of the show, netting three times to give his side all three Premier League points. Speaking after the contest, Rangnick said: “Quite like against Tottenham he was very crucial today. “The second and third goals are not easy goals. The way that he took those, the second and the third, was just outstanding.” United took the lead against Norwich early on when Ronaldo tapped home from close range after some good work from Anthony Elanga. And they doubled their advantage through the Portugal international when he headed home a corner from Alex Telles. Norwich, though, stunned Old Trafford with goals from Kieran Dowell and Teemu Pukki. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Yet they were denied the chance to leave United with anything due to Ronaldo, whose free-kick sailed into the net. It was yet another moment where the 37-year-old showed his class and why he’s one of the best footballers of all time. And goalkeeper David De Gea, like Rangnick, has also hailed the veteran for his heroics as they look to secure Champions League football. "Ronaldo has scored three very important goals for us,” he said. “We know we aren't playing very well but we got three points. We should control the game more against Norwich at home. "A massive win for us. We still have a chance to finish top four and we have to fight for it. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players "We will fight for the top four until the last second." On his side’s upcoming match with Liverpool on Tuesday, De Gea added: "We take the three points and let's see on Tuesday [away to Liverpool]. “I hope this victory gives us more confidence. We want to go there and try and win.” Rangnick, meanwhile, was unhappy at United fans for booing Paul Pogba. "I didn't hear, but I was told after the game,” he said. “I can totally understand the fans being frustrated, but I don't think they should be targeting players individually. This is not right or fair." Norwich star Dowell admitted Ronaldo was the difference during the game - but rued his side’s failure to take their chances. "We showed a lot of spirit that will give us confidence going into our next game. "We were a bit down towards the end of the first half so the goal on the stroke of half-time gave us confidence. "Cristiano Ronaldo proved difference because he scored the winning goal, but we missed some chances at the other end."  And Canaries boss Dean Smith said his side gave Ronaldo his goals ‘on a plate’. "It was a good performance but we can't give goals like that away,” he stated. “Individual errors and two set pieces, and we could have done better with our chances. Nobody can question our spirit. "Ronaldo is the difference but we have handed him the first two on a plate and Tim should have saved the third. "I expected us to go on and win it after the equaliser, so it is a tough one to take. We are showing we are fighting to stay up."