Meghan Markle and Prince Harry arrived at the Invictus Games in The Hague, Netherlands, after stopping off in the UK on Thursday to visit the Queen and Prince Charles in Windsor. This is the first time they have been on this side of the Atlantic together since 2020. Meghan and Harry walked towards a friends-and-family reception in warm sunshine at the Zuiderpark - the location of the Invictus Games. The duchess wore an all-white suite while carrying a white handbag, while Harry sported a dark navy suit. At one point, Meghan waved towards the group of around 50 photographers, and as they greeted people in attendance, they placed their hands on each others' backs. The pair then walked into the reception holding hands. Earlier on Friday, Meghan's makeup artist Daniel Martin revealed he had arrived in The Hague in an Instagram post. He posted a clip showing an Invictus Games sign with the caption: "Are you ready?" Mr Martin is a close friend of Meghan's and the pair are believed to have met when she starred in Suits. He did her makeup for her royal wedding in 2018 and attended her New York baby shower in 2019. Meghan and Harry are expected to make a number of appearances in The Hague throughout Friday evening. READ MORE: 'Tourists saw them!' Meghan and Harry's security concerns questioned Earlier, Royal biographer Omid Scobie said they will attend a reception for Invictus friends and family and a second event for dignitaries hosted by the City of The Hague and Dutch Ministry of Defence. The Duchess is joining Harry for the first few days of the games. Former soldier Harry founded the Invictus Games to aid the rehabilitation of injured or sick military personnel and veterans from across the globe, by giving them the challenge of competing in sporting events similar to the Paralympics. This year's event is taking place from April 16-22 after being delayed by the Covid pandemic. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry's 'shocking' snub [INTERVIEW]Have Your Say: Does Prince Harry really need security in the UK? [OPINION]Harry and Meghan's secret visit to Queen - 'Don't care for details!' [COMMENTS]  The Invictus Games was where Meghan and Harry made their first public appearance together on September 24, 2017. Meghan made her debut appearance at an official engagement attended by Harry when she attended the Invictus Games opening ceremony in Toronto, Canada. Despite this, they still sat around 18 seats apart. The following day, the pair emerged holding hands as they made heir first official public appearance together at the wheelchair tennis.  Harry and Meghan made a surprise visit to Britain en route to the Netherlands. The Sussexes met the Queen and Prince Charles at Windsor Castle on Thursday in what has been viewed as an "olive branch" by a royal commentator. Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty Magazine, told The Sun: "It is a wonderful opportunity to clear the air and offer an olive branch. "After everything that has gone on it must have taken a lot for Harry and Meghan to go to Windsor. "Also Maundy Thursday is a very special day for the Queen as it is about forgiveness. "She is not one to hold grudges and I think she would have happily welcomed them with open arms." Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty Magazine, described the visit as "a very welcome if long overdue move" on the part of Harry and Meghan. The trip to Britain comes after the pair were absent from Prince Philip's memorial service at Westminster Abbey last month.  Harry is also embroiled in a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection for his family while in the UK. The Sussexes' unannounced return to Britain comes as concerns continue to mount over the Queen's health. The monarch is expected to miss another traditional event of the Easter period on Sunday. The 95-year-old recovered from Covid in February which she admitted left her feeling "very tired and exhausted.