Avery Adams, who identifies as non-binary, claims they were made to wear a woolly hat when it was hot at Planters near Swadlincote, Derbyshire, which caused a migraine. It is alleged the 27-year-old was told to keep the hat on even though they were too hot, which led to Avery walking out on the job - and Avery was later sacked. The employee claims they were told they needed to keep their hair covered and could wear a cap instead of the woolly beanie hat. Avery said: "When I went for my interview, my hair was a light peachy colour. Then it was a grey, silver colour. They said that I would have to change it, and I was like 'yeah sure.' Eventually, I shaved it off. "I struggle with self-care and looking after myself. I knew bright colours were not permitted so I opted for a light subtle pink, which I thought also took the edge away from my shaved head and made me feel a bit prettier. "After shaving, I was told to wear a hat. I was like 'fine' and wore a beanie. One day, it was quite hot under the canvas covers and I started to get a migraine. I was told I need to [wear the hat] and I said I didn't want to as I didn't feel comfortable with it on. I said I was not going to work in these conditions but they kept insisting on it."  After this incident, it is alleged Avery was asked to wear a cap, Staffordshire Live reports.  Avery, who is studying horticulture at college, said: "It (the job) started quite well. They were funny about any tattoos. They said no tatts were allowed on show. They said you had to buy something to cover it up, even if you had something small. "I just felt really unheard and small. I am not able to be the person that I am. I think they are outdated. I was almost bullied. I posted about it on social media and they terminated my contract. I was good. I got on with customers. "Everyone deserves to feel comfortable in their working environment." A spokesperson for Planters at Bretby said: "We don’t comment on personal matters between members of staff and ourselves I’m afraid."  