Marcus Rashford is reportedly eyeing talks with incoming Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag as the striker seeks assurances over his role at the club. The England international has found himself increasingly linked with a move away from Old Trafford in recent months, however, it is thought Ten Hag has plans is to keep the United forward.  Rashford was understood to be contemplating his future with the Red Devils in the wake of his side's 4-1 defeat to rivals Manchester City at the beginning of March - a match in which he once again found himself benched. According to Manchester Evening News, the 24-year-old is now targeting talks with Ten Hag in a bid to clarify whether or not he features in the Dutchman's plans, following last week's confirmation that the current Ajax boss will succeed Ralf Rangnick on a permanent basis. The United forward has endured a testing season, which has seen him score a mere five goals and make only 12 Premier League starts. Rashford missed the early part of the current campaign following shoulder surgery and has found minutes increasingly hard to come by since Rangnick's appointment in November. A lack of playing time at club level subsequently resulted in a selection snub from Gareth Southgate for his most recent England squad, adding fuel to speculation that the United academy graduate may eye an Old Trafford exit. The likes of Paris Saint-Germain, Barcelona and even Liverpool have been mooted with potential moves for the attacker. READ MORE: Mitchell's view on taking Man Utd role as Rangnick gives endorsement  Rashford's current United deal expires in the summer of 2023, though there is an option to extend his stay for a further 12 months. However, with the forward's Red Devils career approaching a cross-roads, discussions with Ten Hag will prove crucial in determining his future. Rashford expressed his disgruntlement at a lack of minutes under Rangnick two months ago and is understood to have accepted he is not an integral member of the German's team heading into the final four matches of this current campaign. Though Rangnick is believed to have been impressed by Rashford's performances in training, the 52-year-old has been left somewhat frustrated by the striker's failure to replicate such efforts on match-days. DON'T MISS: Man Utd have a swap deal worth considering to delight Erik ten Hag (NEWS)Rashford and Lingard’s strange actions after Arsenal beat Man Utd (INSIGHT)Chelsea target Kounde 'has decided' he wants move with Man Utd keen (TRANSFERS)  However, the imminent arrival of Ten Hag is likely to provide the England star with a fresh start. It is understood the Dutchman views Rashford as part of his plans and, should productive talks take place, speculation linking the forward with a move away from Old Trafford could well be put to bed. With Rashford understood to be keen to work under Ten Hag, the feelings appear to be mutual. The Dutchman's preferred style of play centres on attacking football with an emphasis on wide-men, which should suit Rashford down to the ground and potentially provide him with a platform to revitalise his career. 