The Queen became the oldest British sovereign ever in December 2007 after surpassing the record set by Queen Victoria, who lived to the age of 81. Now as her 96th birthday approaches on April 21, the Queen is merely years away from celebrating her centenary. Express.co.uk takes a look at the Queen's impressive diet, exercise regimen and sleep routine that may have contributed to her long life.  The Queen is thought to swear by a cup of Earl Grey every morning, but she foregoes the usual milk and sugar. For breakfast, it's anything from cereal, toast, yoghurt and marmalade, but the Queen is also thought to be a fan of kippers. The Queen's love of fish means her diet is likely packed with essential Omega-3, as she is also thought to favour fish dishes for dinner too.  READ MORE: 'What happened to 'just Harry!?' Royal fans left fuming While eating alone, the Queen is thought to avoid starchy food like pasta and potatoes, opting instead for protein like meat or fish with vegetables. But when she wants to indulge, former royal chef Darren McGrady has previously revealed that the Queen loves chocolate biscuit cake and ginger cake. The Queen is also known to take an afternoon tea every day, complete with the traditional finger sandwiches and scones. And when the monarch wants to unwind in the evening, her favourite tipple is thought to be a gin and a Dubonnet, which happens to hold a royal warrant from the Queen.   The Queen has kept fit and healthy throughout her life with regular walks across her sprawling estates, and often she is joined by her beloved corgis. She enjoys getting out in the fresh air - either to walk one of her dozens of dogs she's owned over the years or to spend time with her family. Princess Eugenie once said of her grandother's love of the Balmoral estate: “I think Granny is the most happy there, I think she really, really loves the Highlands… walks, picnics, dogs, a lot of dogs, there’s always dogs and people coming in and out.” She has also always been a keen horserider, and rode until the age of 95, when she was said to be devastated when she was forced to hang up her riding boots.  DON'T MISS:Kate and Princess Anne join forces as they step up to represent Queen [INSIGHT]Prince Harry interview LIVE: Duke opens up in bombshell exclusive [LIVE]Can you watch Prince Harry's NBC TODAY interview in the UK? [EXPLAINER] The Queen is known to prioritise getting her forty winks every night, and she adheres to a strict bedtime routine. Before getting some shut-eye, the Queen unwinds with some reading before retiring for an 11pm bedtime. The Queen rises at 7.30am, early enough to seize the day and enjoy the morning. This means the Queen gets a very respectable eight and a half hours of sleep a night, which is well within the recommended amount.  Many credit avoiding full-time retirement as the reason behind their vigour in older age, and at nearly 96, the Queen can certainly appear to be an example of this. On her 21st birthday, then-Princess Elizabeth pledged that her entire life, "whether it be long or short", would be devoted to royal service, and the Queen is still adhering to her promise. On the eve of her accession anniversary earlier this year, the Queen said "it gives me pleasure to renew to you the pledge I gave in 1947 that my life will always be devoted to your service." Although the Queen has scaled back her public appearances in recent months, she continues with her royal duties as the nation's sovereign, attending to paperwork and ensuring proper governance. Despite experiencing mobility problems presently, the Queen still receives visitors at her Windsor Castle base and via virtual means on a regular basis. 