Tennis legend Mats Wilander has slammed the "atrocious" behaviour of Nick Kyrgios amid fears the Australian player's antics will influence youngsters. Kyrgios, 26, enjoyed a tremendous start to 2022, capturing the men's doubles crown with compatriot Thanasi Kokkinakis at the Australian Open. However, he's since fallen foul of the authorities for his conduct at tournaments in both Indian Wells and Miami. In California, he was fined around £19,000 for nearly hitting a ballboy when he smashed his racket, as he exited the tournament to Rafael Nadal. He then lost his cool again in Miami during his fourth-round defeat by Jannik Sinner, being given a point penalty at the end of the first set after smashing his racket, and that was upgraded to a docked game at the beginning of the second set after another violation. After the match, he was fined £3,800 for audible obscenity, £7,600 for unsportsmanlike conduct and £15,000 for verbal abuse by the ATP. However, the penalties were considered light given he made £72,000 alone for reaching the fourth round. JUST IN: Alexander Bublik quits Monte Carlo Masters mid-match gifting opponent walkover winRoger Federer continues injury rehab as he shares new video teasing comeback hopesNovak Djokovic defended by Roger Federer's ex-coach after shock loss - 'Not a big deal' And now Wilander, who won seven Grand Slam singles titles as a player, has voiced concerns that youngsters are seeing the player as a role model: “And I do know from Lleyton Hewitt telling me that every kid in Australia basically, is doing what Nick Kyrgios does," the Swede told tennisworldusa. "I’m not saying they’re throwing rackets and whatever, but they hit the ball like Nick Kyrgios and that’s kind of bad enough in a way because Nick is so talented, but he doesn’t use his feet at all in any of his shots. He just slaps it with his arm. And they look up to these guys. So I think it’s atrocious." DON'T MISS:Serena Williams explains tennis absence after Wimbledon comeback commentsCarlos Alcaraz dumped out on Monte Carlo debut as teen fails to emulate Djokovic and NadalRafael Nadal's French Open prep derailed as Spaniard yet to train on court amid rib injury Wilander also implied Kyrgios should be aware of those not as privileged as him: “I actually think it’s horrible. I think breaking a racket on a tennis court is the lowest for me because most kids, they cannot afford to buy tennis rackets." Kyrgios will play in the French Open in May, having snubbed the tournament since 2017. He announced a U-turn this season, claiming his girlfriend persauded him to play because she wants to see Paris.