The Duchess of Sussex, 40, married Prince Harry, 37, in a lavish ceremony at St George’s Chapel in Windsor in 2018. For the occasion, she wore a Givenchy gown designed by Clare Waight Keller. The £110,000 wedding dress was revealed as the most popular dress worn by the Duchess in a recent study. Google searches for her iconic gown caused searches for Meghan Markle’s style to rise 3606 percent above average. The mother-of-two paired the dress with a stunning 16-feet long veil which was embroidered with the national flowers of each of the 53 commonwealth countries. The Duchess styled her hair in a sleek bun for the occasion, in a style that complimented the Queen Mary’s bandeau tiara. The second most popular dress in the study was one Meghan wore during a visit alongside the Queen in June 2018. During a visit to Cheshire alongside Her Majesty, Meghan wore a Givenchy elegant cream belted dress, costing £14,171. The pair opened the Mersey Gateway Bridge and Chester’s Storyhouse Theatre during their first royal engagement together without Meghan’s husband Harry. Pictures of Meghan in the dress posted on the Royal Family’s Instagram account amassed almost 200K likes. READ MORE: Kate and William's favourability up as they step in for the Queen Ranking in third for influential looks for Meghan is a red dress she wore during her and Harry’s royal tour in October 2018. After spending a week in Australia, the Sussexes touched down in Fiji and one of their engagements saw them visit the University of the South Pacific. For the occasion, she stepped out in a printed wrap dress by Figue featuring pom-pom and seashell details on the skirt and a ruffled, asymmetrical hem. The dress was accessorised with black closed-toe espadrilles by Castañer and an oversized clutch made by local women. Her ensemble caused searches for similar dresses online to skyrocket. In addition, the picture posted by the Royal Family’s official Instagram account reached over 472K likes. DON'T MISS Kate sends congratulatory message to young cancer survivor [REPORT] Sophie Wessex 'being approached by major networks' after US visit [REVEAL] Most Britons want to KEEP monarchy despite scandals [INSIGHT] The fourth most popular dress of Meghan Markle’s was a striking yellow midi dress designed by Brandon Maxwell worn in July 2018. The American designer is a particular favourite of the Duchess and she has worn a number of his pieces for a wide range of occasions. This particular yellow dress was showcased at the reception which marked the culmination of the Commonwealth Secretariat’s youth leadership workshop in London. The dress, worth £1,300, caused searches for the term “yellow dress” to skyrocket 213 percent above average after the appearance, signifying Meghan’s impact on the fashion sector. The fifth most popular dress of Meghan Markle’s was a £50 purple sheath dress with a daring thigh-high slit from Canadian retailer, Aritzia. The Aritzia babaton maxwell dress was worn by the Duchess to the One Young World Summit Opening Ceremony at the Royal Albert Hall in October 2019. Searches for “Meghan Markle Aritiza Dress” increased by 1,117 percent after the Duchess was seen at the ceremony. The outfit also raked in 318,564 likes on a post about the evening's events. The study of Google Trends data was conducted by fabric experts Dalston Mill Fabrics. A spokesperson pointed out that royal watchers were keen to covet Meghan’s “influential style”. They pointed out that her outfits still remain popular despite quitting royal duties two years ago. The spokesperson for Dalston Mill Fabrics said: “Meghan Markle is the epitome of class and style and this research highlights how truly influential her style is, with the public instantly searching where to buy dresses in similar styles and copy her looks after each major appearance. “Her impact on the fashion world has continuously remained unmatched despite stepping back from her role as a working royal in 2020.”