Francis Coquelin has held a grudge over Sir Alex Ferguson ever since his earlier days at Arsenal. But the Arsenal flop has now apparently claimed 'revenge' later on in his career with Villarreal. Francis Coquelin may no longer be an Arsenal player, but he still holds a grudge against Manchester United and enjoyed getting his 'revenge' over Sir Alex Ferguson. The midfielder is enjoying a fantastic European stint with Villarreal, and they take on Liverpool in the semi-final of the Champions League on Wednesday. But it was a thrilling Europa League final victory over United that helped them to qualify for the competition in the first place. Now, against all the odds, Villarreal have made the final four of Europe's most elite competition after knocking out both Juventus and Bayern Munich. And the midfielder has opened up about getting his long-awaited revenge against United's legendary manager.  JUST IN: Arsenal face 'paying over £84m' for Serie A goal machine as star picks them over Newcastle Coquelin came through the Arsenal academy in 2008 and made over 100 league appearances before heading to Spain in 2018. Initially he went to Valencia, but was later sold to Villarreal, and he's been on quite the European journey since. However, during his time at Arsenal, Coquelin had a game to forget as he started in the infamous 8-2 defeat against United at Old Trafford in 2011. It was a dark day in the rivalry between the two sides, and the Frenchman has held a grudge ever since. Villarreal stunned United last season as they won on penalties against the Red Devils to lift the Europa League trophy, and Coquelin labelled the victory as "revenge" on Ferguson. The legendary United manager called out Coquelin in his savage autobiography for being "out of his depth" during the match, and the Frenchman revelled in his revenge mission as Ferguson watched on in the stands.  DON'T MISS...Arsenal could pair Gabriel Jesus with '£10m' partner to forge bargain little-and-large duoTottenham chief Levy may have to meet daunting 'demand' to stop Conte leaving for PSGMan Utd's John Murtough 'informs' forgotten star that he has future under Ten Hag In Ferguson's autobiography, he wrote that Coquelin "was completely out of his depth and that he "had hardly heard of him and he barely played again." That may have been true for Arsenal, but the Frenchman has become a hugely important player in Spain. In response to Ferguson's earlier comments, and looking back to Villarreal's Europa League win, Coquelin said: "It was a bit of revenge, because when I made my Arsenal debut we lost 8-2 at Old Trafford and Sir Alex Ferguson criticised me a bit in his biography. "So it was a nice little turnaround to win the Europa League against them. Plus I think he was in the stands as well, so lifting the trophy in front of him was nice. I was looking for him, he must have seen me."  And Ferguson will certainly be seeing him if he tunes into the Champions League on Wednesday, as Coquelin has helped his side make the final four. In a bizarre turn of events, Ferguson may even be cheering him on in a bid to stop Liverpool from reaching the final. And Villarreal boss Unai Emery is confident of beating the tournament favourites, as he hinted that at this stage, everyone is worthy of being in the position that they are in. Emery said: "The surprise factor is dwindling. That is no longer present, whoever reaches the Champions League semi-finals is there because they deserve it. "Liverpool know that we are in good European form, that we have been able to eliminate two great teams. They know it won't be easy. They will feel they are favourites, that's normal, but they will respect us."  However, Emery did concede that Anfield is a daunting place to visit under Jurgen Klopp. "I know how difficult it is given my experiences with Liverpool at Anfield and because of an identity created by Klopp," he added. If Liverpool do progress to the final, they'll have played as many games possible in a single season, after already reaching the FA Cup final, as well as winning the Carabao Cup earlier this year. Although Klopp is refusing to comment on it, they're still in with a chance of completing the quadruple. But there is still a lot of football to be played, and after twice beating the favourites in the past two rounds, Villarreal will be brimming with confidence. And Emery is somewhat of a specialist in Europe. 