Conservative MP Brandon Lewis has claimed the fixed penalty notice received by the Prime Minister deserves no more attention than a “speeding ticket”. In conversation with BBC Radio 4, the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland presumed ministers of “both the Labour and Conservative party” have faced fines over the years which have been largely overlooked. BBC host Mishal Husain fiercely interrupted the Tory MP to criticise his comparison of lockdown sacrifices to traffic offences.    Mr Lewis continued to defend the Conservative leader and claimed Boris Johnson had acted in the “right way” to address the ‘partygate’ scandal. Questioning the minister, Ms Husain asked if he believed “lawmakers can be lawbreakers.” Mr Lewis was defensive of the Prime Minister as he claimed “Labour ministers” had also been “fined for different things” during their leadership, including “speeding fines.” “What are you referring to?” the BBC host promptly interjected to ask if the accusations made by Lewis referred to the actions of ministers “in office.” The MP for Great Yarmouth began to crumble as he confessed “I’m just going off reports I’ve seen over the weekend.”    “Back that up,” demanded Ms Husain, “that’s a very big statement.” Mr Lewis asserted he was not “trying to equate” a speeding ticket to the current “situation” surrounding alleged lockdown gatherings within Number Ten. Ms Husain denied the weak defence of the Tory MP: “You just drew that parallel." Mr Lewis continued to fumble a meek denial that he was “clear” in the difference between the partygate accusations levelled against leading ministers and concerns of purported minor traffic offences. Read more: Have your say: Should Boris be punished further for lockdown breach?   Despite his poor analogy, Mr Lewis continued to declare his support for the “right way” in which the Prime Minister has acted. The Conservative MP claimed “acknowledging” the fine and “apologising” for the behaviour that justified the fixed penalty notice is an appropriate course of action. He also argued Boris Johnson had not knowingly lied within parliament as claims made by the Tory leader were “correct”. In December, prior to being fined, the Prime Minister declared all lockdown guidelines were followed within Downing Street throughout the pandemic. Mr Lewis claimed this was an “appropriate” statement from the Prime Minister as, given the fines had yet to be issued, it was “correct at the time”. Don't miss:Civil servants must end working from home habit [COMMENT]Should Nicola Sturgeon be fined for breaching Covid rules? [POLL]Boris Johnson: It's time to draw a line under Partygate [REPORT] Brandon Lewis is one of multiple Tory MPs who have declared public support for the Prime Minister and rejected calls for Boris Johnson to step down. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer has called for the Prime Minister to resign after a Met Police investigation determined Downing Street broke lockdown rules. The fixed penalty notice received by the Prime Minister relates to a gathering held on his birthday, June 19, 2020. In a statement released following the fine, Boris Johnson claimed he did not consider his actions at the time to be a “breach of the rules,” but offered a “full apology” to the nation.   