The Prime Minister was visibly annoyed at the Sky News political editor’s stubbornness on the topic, at one point rolling his head back and saying that Ms Rigby had “promised to get on” and talk about his trip to India. When Ms Rigby justified her continued line of questioning by saying that the BBC had used seven minutes of their interview with him to talk about Partygate, Mr Johnson bemoaned: “Yes, well, this is not a kind of competition to see who can do more.”    The Prime Minister repeated remarks that the public would have to “wait until the conclusion of the Metropolitan Police report” before he would discuss potential rule-breaking events and fines. He said: “The most important thing is that we allow the investigation by the Metropolitan Police to continue and conclude. And then for Sue Gray to make her final report. “What I decided is if the opposition really wants to focus on this, that’s fine. I think it’s very important that people understand we are not trying to avoid scrutiny. “But what I don’t want to do is have endless discussions about this when we know the conclusion of the Met’s inquiry.”    He added: “People said this looks as if we’re trying to stop stuff coming out but I didn’t want that. I have absolutely nothing to hide here. “What I want to talk about is the point of this trip”, to which Ms Rigby said: “And I will come onto that.” Mr Johnson then said emphatically: “Well, come on! Let’s do it now.” When pressed further about the five further fines that Mr Johnson could face, the PM said: “Look, Beth, you’re going to have to wait until the conclusion of the report.” “I think people want us to get on with the job of taking the country forward and making sure we attract further investment.” READ MORE: Express letters: It's time this country got behind Boris [OPINION]   Downing Street announced last-minute today that they would abandon an amendment to delay a vote on whether Mr Johnson should be investigated by a Commons committee for lying to the House. The u-turn will mean that the Labour motion will likely pass and Mr Johnson will be scrutinised again, but under the terms of the motion, the investigation will not begin until after the Met has completed its own inquiry. The suddenness of the reversal is believed to be indicative of the scale of Conservative backbencher fury towards the PM’s handling of Partygate. Steve Baker MP, who on Tuesday lauded Mr Johnson’s “humble apology”, has since slammed the PM for the amendment proposal. DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson slated for desperate bid to cling to power [REVEAL] Peston says Tory MPs defending Boris in Commons today could lose jobs [REPORT] PM says he has no plans to quit in face of commons vote [REVEAL]  Mr Johnson is currently on a trip to India, where he will meet with the nation’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi to secure a trade deal potentially worth billions. Mr Johnson said: “What we’ll be talking about is the incredible opportunities to deepen this partnership [between India and the UK]. “I don’t think at any time in my lifetime has the living bridge between India and the UK been so strong. “We’re hoping to complete another free trade agreement with India by the autumn.”   