This is the people’s cash and the citizens of this country have every right to expect the Government to deliver exceptional value for their hard-earned money. A record £718.2billion was collected in the last tax year, a rise of almost a quarter on the previous year. Hopefully, this will allow the Chancellor to take major strides towards addressing the debt burden amassed during the pandemic. Patience with substandard public services – services that are, minister should remember, owned by the public and funded through our earnings – is wearing thin. Reports that Boris Johnson has threatened to privatise the Passport Office and DVLA unless they deliver bold improvements are welcome. It is intolerable if families are forced to pay for a premium service, or have to cancel their holiday, because they cannot get a passport on time. Taxpayers’ incomes should not be raided to pay for failing bureaucracies if the private sector could deliver much better services at a fraction of the cost. A Government should do much more than maximise the tax take. It must introduce the reforms Britain needs to thrive. The latest medical breakthrough could give those with high blood pressure a better quality of life. People at risk of heart attacks and strokes could be treated with an injection every six months instead of a daily tablet. The pace at which new medical innovations are landing is astonishing and gives us reason to hope that solutions will be found for a host of conditions. Too often, differences in wealth have been mirrored in life expectancy, with the poorest expected to die before the richest.  By ensuring that the best possible treatments are available on the NHS we can build a healthier and fairer Britain. A billion are expected to tune in to watch the spectacular culmination of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, with Ed Sheeran due to lead the Palace crowd in a song for the Queen. This pageant is a light on the national horizon; a country that very much needs something to look forward to will relish this chance to thank the monarch for her extraordinary decades of service. More than that, the events will put the spotlight on Britain and show a nation that knows how to have fun and stands out as a cultural superpower. 