Ralf Rangnick has stated he will stay at Manchester United in a consultancy role from next season. Rangnick is widely expected to be announced as the new manager of Austria in the next 24-48 hours. The German remained tight-lipped over that speculation when speaking to the media following United's 1-1 draw with Chelsea on Thursday. But he insisted the consultancy position at Old Trafford would allow him to take up another job elsewhere at the same time. He said: "I would like to speak to only about Manchester United and this evening. I would like to say that I will continue with my consultancy role at the club at the end of the season. "I am happy and willing to help Manchester United, but it will leave space for another job alongside the consultancy role but I will only speak about Manchester United this evening." READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel hits out at two of his own players after Man Utd draw  One certainty is that Erik ten Hag will replace Rangnick as United's permanent boss at the end of the season. Rangnick is yet to speak to his replacement but is willing to help as much as he can. He added: "So far me and Erik haven't spoken. But I am more than happy and willing to help and change things for the better." United came from behind to draw 1-1 with Chelsea thanks to Cristiano Ronaldo's second-half strike. Top four is all but over for the Red Devils but Rangnick was pleased with the second-half display from his side. He said: "We showed a good reaction in the second half, and it was a great finish from Cristiano Ronaldo. In the first half we had our problems and we needed a few great saves from David de Gea. DON'T MISSLiverpool 'considering two more signings' after completing Fabio Carvalho transfer [GOSSIP]Mino Raiola 'in a bad position' in hospital as reps deny football super-agent has died [NEWS]Man Utd 'ruining their youngsters' with only Scott McTominay able to keep head above water [QUOTES]  "Second half we did better and we got more control. You could see they are a top team, no coincidence they won the Champions League and we don't have much confidence and had eight players missing. "Although it was still a lucky draw, we earned it. At times we saw the gap, but they played with their best XI and we had players missing. "We have problems with defending, not compact enough and not physical enough." United have just three fixtures remaining under Rangnick this season. They host Brentford on Monday evening before a trip to Brighton the following Saturday. Crystal Palace are the final opponents for United on May 22.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here