Jamie Carragher has laid down a gauntlet to incoming Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag. The former Liverpool star rubbished claims that it could take the Dutchman 'five or six years' to restore the Red Devils' former glory, and has instead called on him to execute the rebuild in just two years if he is to keep pace with the Premier League's top bosses. In the midst of a draining spell on the pitch, the United camp were afforded some excitement on Thursday when Ten Hag was officially announced as the club's next manager. There has been little to cheer about at Old Trafford this season, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer sacked after a turbulent run of results and Ralf Rangnick struggling to steady the ship. Ten Hag is set to take the reins this summer once his duties with Ajax are up. The 52-year-old has already racked up two Dutch titles with the Amsterdam-based side, and is closing in on another. Nevertheless, Carragher has warned him about the calibre of managerial opposition in the Premier League and suggests that notions of a five or six-year rebuild are 'rubbish'. JUST IN: Antonio Conte begins mind-games with new Man Utd boss Ten Hag in 'massive pressure' claim   "[Ten Hag] has taken the job because he knows the prediction that it could take as long as five or six years to catch Liverpool or City is rubbish," he wrote in The Telegraph, "At clubs of United’s stature, if you make the right appointment - and you sign the right players to strengthen the spine of your team - the mood changes quickly. "Top managers will turn it around within two years. That’s what Klopp did. It is a myth that it took him five years to revive Anfield. Liverpool reached the Champions League final at the end of his second full season in charge, and the team was as bad as United right now when he took over. That is the influence of a truly great manager. DON'T MISS...Tottenham 'monitoring' Wilfried Singo but have big incentive to snap up alternativeChelsea boss Thomas Tuchel slams pitch after Arsenal loss - 'Not in our favour'Chelsea player ratings: Romelu Lukaku and Andreas Christensen flop in Arsenal win "Klopp did not do that by engaging in transfer auctions for the Champions League’s most expensive players. He initially made strides by signing players from Schalke, Newcastle, Southampton and Hull, and formulating a distinctive, modern style. Ten Hag has the advantage of being able to compete at the top end of the transfer market if he wants to." Indeed, the incoming boss is likely to have plenty of space in the squad and on the wage bill to bring in some star-studded names this summer. Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard, Juan Mata, Nemanja Matic and Edinson Cavani are all believed to be scooping up six-figure sums per week, and all five are set to depart for free at the end of the season. Tuesday's 4-0 humbling against Liverpool showed the lack of physicality and tenacity that Ten Hag will have to tackle once he takes charge. Fans have been crying out for players to show more heart, which is something that may be remedied in the summer transfer window. Many will also hope that Ten Hag can thrive away from the market and use his coaching ability to coax the best out of the players at his disposal. His reputation certainly suggests an exciting future at Old Trafford, but as Carragher points out, he must waste no time in proving himself at a higher level.