The 44-year-old is gearing up for the second round of voting on April 24 knowing he will need to overcome the significant challenge posed by the National Rally candidate Marine Le Pen. In Sunday’s first round, Mr Macron took 27.84 percent, while right-winger Ms Le Pen, 53, took 23.15 percent, an increase of almost two percent on her vote share at the equivalent stage in 2017. The result was swiftly followed by the publication of an Ifop-Fiducial suggesting Mr Macron only enjoyed a two-percent lead in voting intentions for the second ballot, setting alarm bells ringing and raising the genuine prospect of a Le Pen presidency. Another YouGov/Datapraxis survey posted yesterday (Friday) made better reading for the incumbent, putting him on 54 percent with Ms Le Pen on 46 percent - although supporters of far-left third-placed candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon are only marginally more likely to back him (55 percent to 45 percent). Ahead of the second round, both candidates are seeking to win over left-wing voters, especially those of Mr Melenchon. However, Alain Lefebvre, a psychologist and ex-diplomat warned it might not be as easy to do so as it had been four years ago. Mr Lefebvre is the author of Macron Unveiled, published by Gaudium earlier this month, in which he examines the former investment banker’s firm Presidential term and the impact he has had. He told Express.co.uk: “Macron is now in a difficult situation when faced with Marine Le Pen, a populist with some extreme-right tendencies. “His problem is that he needs the vote from the left, and in particular from people who have voted for Jean Luc Melenchon, who got 21 percent of the votes, and from the Green candidate, Yannick Jadot, who got almost five percent of the votes. JUST IN: Macron dubs Le Pen election showdown a 'referendum on Europe'  “But Macron is disliked or even hated by the people from the left, because his program is liberal, his personality seen as arrogant, and he seems to ignore problems such as poverty and environment.” Mr Lefebvre explained: “The question is to know if these left side people will be sufficiently afraid of seeing the extreme-right in power, and convinced by a possible more leftist Macron during the next two weeks, or if they will be ready for anything but Macron. “My view is that Macron has shown during the previous presidential campaign, during the Benalla scandal, during the Yellow Jacket movement and during the COVID crisis that he is at his best when he is in difficulty. DON'T MISSKremlin files leak in Anonymous cyber attack [INSIGHT]Ukraine snubs German President over ties to Russia [ANALYSIS]'Take back control? That's a lie!' Boris savaged over fishing promises [REACTION] “On Sunday evening, he seemed energised by the first round, and he will now really step up his campaign, being a full time candidate, and that will be different from the last weeks when he almost did not campaign at all.” On Wednesday, Mr Macron trained his sights on Ms Le Pen, claiming her true "authoritarian" intentions were showing after she banned a team of reporters and refused to rule out a return to the death penalty. Mr Macron, who faced criticism for not campaigning adequately in the run-up to the first round, has changed tack ahead of the April 24 run-off, visiting areas where people voted against him and adopting more aggressive rhetoric towards his rival. On Tuesday, at a news conference outlining her vision of democracy under her presidency, Ms Le Pen was asked why a team of journalists from a popular evening programme was refused accreditation. She brushed it off, saying the show was entertainment rather than journalism. However, Mr Macron told France 2 television: "Despite all the efforts, the true face of the far-right is coming back. It is a face that doesn't respect freedoms, the constitutional framework, press independence, and fundamental freedoms, rights which are at the heart of our values, such as the abolition of the death penalty.” It was the start of an "authoritarian drift”, he claimed. Mr Macron is hoping that by once again demonising Le Pen he can sway enough voters to block her path - but he is also struggling to persuade working class voters to back him. Ms Le Pen has veered to the left on economic issues and focused her attacks on Mr Macron and his plans to raise the retirement age. He has indicated this week he would water down his proposals as he tries to lure left-wing voters. His charm offensive could be hurt after Nicolas Sarkozy on Tuesday endorsed Mr Macron, with the incumbent forced to deny that there was any wider political agreement with his predecessor as French President. Some in his camp fear an endorsement by Sarkozy, a reviled figure on the left for pushing through plans to raise the retirement age above 60 and for his muscular law-and-order policies, could prompt some left-leaning voters to abstain.