Alexandre Lacazette has given Arsenal even more of an incentive to not hand him a new contract this summer. The French striker's comments released in an interview this week prove why the time is right for the club to part ways with him. Lacazette's current deal expires at the end of the season and manager Mikel Arteta has repeatedly said talks over a possible extension will not be held until after the final game of the campaign. But it should be a pretty short and simple conversation. The 30-year-old has more than struggled in front of goal this season. He is yet to score from open play in the Premier League in 2022 despite starting almost every match. Arteta trusted Lacazette to spearhead his attack following the departure of Aubameyang, resisting the temptation to bring in a striker on a short-term deal in January. But the decision has backfired, both on and off the pitch. READ MORE: Ten Hag has already failed first Sir Alex Ferguson test ahead of Man Utd move  In an interview with Canal Plus, Lacazette admitted he was talking to a number of teams regarding a move this summer. He said: "I am in discussions with a lot of clubs. I am open." He also admitted he wants to play in the Champions League and hinted he would want to join a club playing in that competition. He continued: "It’s a bit more complicated. "I want to play in Europe, it’s been a long time since I played in the Champions League, I’m missing it. It’s a little more complicated. Nothing is impossible in life, but it’s a little more complicated." But, understandably, the comments have not gone down well with Arsenal supporters. The Gunners are attempting to qualify for the Champions League for the first time since 2016. DON'T MISSReal Madrid have a chance to sign a better striker than Mbappe and wound Barcelona [TRANSFERS]Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher tears into Man Utd over Cristiano Ronaldo - 'Embarrassing' [QUOTES]Jurgen Klopp has already told Liverpool how to beat Man City to the Premier League title [QUOTES]  They need all their players fully focused on the matter at hand, especially the captain and main striker. But for a skipper to speak so openly about his future and future wishes is disrespectful to his current employers at a vital part of the season. Lacazette missed Saturday's 1-0 loss at Southampton, Arsenal's third in a row, after testing positive for COVID-19 last week. Canal Plus' decision to release the interview after that match was unfortunate timing. Perhaps the reaction would have been different after three successive wins. But Lacazette has let the club and his supporters down at a time when they needed him the most.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here