The Duke of Sussex quit royal duties in 2020 with Meghan Markle for a new life in the US. Royal biographer Tina Brown claimed palace advisors "always thought he would leave". Ms Brown claimed she was told it was because "he was so fragile, so combustible, he was so unhappy, frankly, in the constraints of the Royal Family". But the royal author insisted Harry's departure from the royal fray was a "disaster all round". Speaking on the New York Times podcast Sway, Ms Brown, author of The Palace Papers, said: "I actually think there is a Harry-shaped hole in the Royal Family now. "And Harry was beloved, actually, by the British people. "And people adored Meghan when she came into the mix." Harry and Meghan quit as working royals in March 2020 for new lives of personal and financial freedom across the pond. The Sussexes are now living in Montecito with their two children Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana. The couple recently returned to the UK together for the first time since Megxit to meet the Queen at Windsor Castle. READ MORE: Thomas Markle to visit UK for Platinum Jubilee They made the trip en route to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. But Harry sparked fresh controversy with an interview during the event in The Hague last week. Speaking to NBC's Today show about his reunion with the monarch, who has recently been suffering from mobility issues, the Duke pointedly said he wanted to make sure his grandmother was "protected" and had "the right people around her". DON'T MISSThomas Markle in takedown of 'idiot' Harry over Jubilee snub [VIDEO]Thomas Markle: Timeline of key moments in fallout with Meghan Markle [TIMELINE]Meghan Markle's heartbreaking nod to father when Archie was born [INSIGHT] He did not elaborate whether he was referring to palace aides or members of the Royal Family. Harry also said he did not know if he will return to Britain to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee later this year. It comes as he is embroiled in a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection for his family while in the UK. When asked about travelling from Montecito for the event marking the Queen's historic 70 years on the throne, he said: "I don't know yet, there's lots of things - security issues and everything else. "So this is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that, you know, I can get my kids to meet her." There has been speculation whether Harry will make an appearance on Buckingham Palace's balcony with the Queen and other royals during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. 