 Midsomer Murders marks its 25th anniversary this year, having been on air since 1997. Actress Fiona Dolman plays Sarah Barnaby, wife of DCI John Barnaby, in the hit series and has spoken out about the show’s success. In a recent interview, Fiona shared her thoughts on the ITV drama’s longevity.   Fiona chatted about the hit murder mystery series on Sunday's episode of Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh. Host Alan said: “Unbelievably you’ve been Mrs Barnaby for 10 years now.” Fiona said: “Yes, it’s been 10 years for me, it’s coming up to my 50th episode. “But, Midsomer, we are just celebrating 25 years since the first episode went out,” she revealed. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in...    Alan commented: “Yes, and I think it’s 400 deaths. Do not live in Midsomer. “It’s a dangerous place to be,” the presenter laughed. “No, it’s not a good place to be,” Fiona agreed. Alan went on to ask more about the impressive longevity of Midsomer Murders.    He asked: “Is it an unfair question to say what do you think the secret of its success is? “Why has it caught on so much?” Alan questioned. After pausing for a moment to consider her answer, Fiona confessed: “I think it's a whole myriad of reasons. “I think the main one is people love a whodunnit. You know, the Agatha Christie, the Poirot, that sort of thing. DON'T MISS...BBC viewers stunned by ‘scary’ weed killer investigation [MUST SEE]Coronation Street spoilers: Summer makes worrying health confession [SPOILERS]Jane McDonald falls into the sea while paddleboarding [WATCH]   “I think for me what sets it apart from other cop shows is its sense of humour. "As Midsomer we’re allowed to do things that other shows couldn’t do. “You know, we’ve killed people with cheese. You can’t do that in other shows,” Fiona laughed. She continued: “It’s almost a kind of saying isn’t it? People would go somewhere and go, ‘Oh it’s very Midsomer isn’t it?’.    "So I think it’s in a genre all of its own, which means that a whole family can watch it. “So, it crosses generations and I think that’s probably what’s kept its longevity and why people have loved it,” the actress said. As the interview drew to a close, Alan joked: “Be careful, be very afraid. Everybody else in Midsomer’s gone, but I’m sure you’re safe.” “I won’t get killed off. Please don’t kill me off,” Fiona laughed. Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh airs Sundays at 10am on ITV. 