Tyson Fury's battles did not end after his superb sixth-round win over Dillian Whyte at Wembley on Saturday evening - with the unified heavyweight champion of the world caught on camera post-fight telling his brother Tommy not to attend an afterparty following the pair's victories under the famous arch. The 'Gypsy King', 33, knocked Whyte down with an uppercut towards the end of round six to extend his unbeaten record to 33 fights. Whyte tried to stand up after the crucial blow, but fell into referee Mark Lyson's arms to spark wild celebrations in west London. Fans drank long into the night at a sell-out Wembley, with 94,000 fans enjoying the occasion. But Fury was keen to ensure brother Tommy, who attempted to leave Wembley to go to an after-party following his and his brother's wins, was not one of those out on the town. Tyson was spotted telling Tommy to "go home to his missus". "After party, very cool, eh? Shut up and wait," he said. A little debate broke out, with crew members weighing up whether it was a good idea for the Love Island star to attend or not - with father John Fury seemingly joking about the situation and provoking Tommy to attend. However, Tyson then turned to ask his brother where girlfriend and fellow Love Island contestant Molly-Mae Hague was, effectively winning the argument as Tommy backed down. "Where's Molly?" Tyson asked his brother. "She's coming with us!" Tommy defiantly claimed. But Tyson was having none of it and told Tommy to go to bed. "Go home to your missus!" he bellowed, to his rather confused and annoyed-looking younger sibling. Tommy would have been looking to celebrate after his win over Daniel Bocianski on the undercard. The 22-year-old has made it eight wins from eight in his professional career, with four of those wins coming from KO. However, he was forced to wait until the end to beat Bocianski on points despite being the clear favourite. Attentions will next turn to a potential next fight against YouTuber Jake Paul. The duo were supposed to meet last year but their planned bout was cancelled in December with Fury suffering from a broken rib.