Lewis Hamilton hopes that 'lots can be learned' from a new documentary featuring the seven-time world champion. It was confirmed in March that Apple+ would be airing a short film on the 37-year-old, who has become one of the most recognisable sporting figures on the planet since debuting with McLaren in 2007. As of yet, few details have been released on the documentary, except that there will be full access to Hamilton himself. In fact, it's the British icon who will help produce the programme, along with his sports and media talent manager Penni Thow, Box to Box Films and One Community. However, he has hinted that it will go far deeper than highlights on his on-track triumphs. Hamilton has long used his platform to try and campaign for change, publicly supporting the Black Lives Matter movement and regularly wearing t-shirts bearing messages during the 2020 and 2021 seasons. In races in the Middle East last season, he wore a rainbow coloured helmet in a bid to stand up for LGBTQ+ rights. And now he hopes his latest venture can have a "positive impact" on viewers. JUST IN: George Russell defended by David Coulthard with Mercedes after podium-less start to season “We have this documentary that we’re working on and I think you have to just do everything at the right time,” Hamilton said. “The documentary is the current focus. I think stories are there to be told. I think it’s important. I think there’s lots that can be learned. "And as I mentioned, for people, if you can affect and have a positive impact, if your story can have one positive impact even on one person or one family that could be amazing." Hamilton has been full of praise for the film King Richard, which tells the story of the upbringing of tennis stars Venus and Serena Williams. DON'T MISS:Red Bull chief Adrian Newey details Max Verstappen's strength in car feedback to help teamAston Martin on 'rapid timescale' in bid to win F1 title by 2025 - EXCLUSIVEDaniel Ricciardo slammed for timing of Red Bull exit during Max Verstappen's rise  And in a possible hint at things to come, Hamilton admitted he found the prospect of a film intriguing. “So it’s quite exciting, reading up on all these different characters, people that could fit a role that the script. “You know, when the script’s written, and they’re writing that character, finding someone that matches that and represents that character is quite an interesting process.”