Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse is still shrouded in mystery, but it is one of the films Marvel fans have been looking forward to for months. The first film in the series, 2018's Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse, was an unexpected smash hit at the box office. Not only did it earn more than $370 million at the box office, but it also won an Academy Award for its animation. Today the film's official Twitter account announced Across the Spider-Verse's release date has been pushed back to June 2023. Sony recently announced the sequel to Into the Spider-Verse would be hitting cinemas this year, on October 7. However, this date has now been delayed by eight months. Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse will now hit cinemas on June 2, 2023. What's more, this includes a title change for the movie. Originally, the sequel was called Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse (Part One). The Part One portion of the title has been cut. However, there is some good news for Spider-Man fans. Sony's official tweet also revealed the title and release date for the second half of the two-part movie series. The sequel's title was announced to be Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse Part II. It was also revealed that the sequel movie will hit cinemas on March 29, 2024. Sony Pictures Animation no doubt have some big plans for the animated Spider-Man franchise, so it makes sense for them to take their time on their biggest hit to date. Into the Spider-Verse was universally loved by fans and critics. READ MORE: Thor Love and Thunder Easter Egg spotted in Spider-Man No Way Home Into the Spider-Verse still has a 97 percent critic rating on Rotten Tomatoes. What's more, the audience score currently sits at 93 percent, making it one of the highest-rated Spider-Man films of all time. In 2019 the film won an Oscar for Best Animated Feature. This marks the first time a Spider-Man movie has won an Academy Award to date. Across the Spider-Verse's new date places it just before Sony's recently announced Madame Web movie. The film, rumoured to be starring Dakota Johnson, is due out in cinemas on July 7, 2023. DON'T MISS...Thor Love and Thunder Easter Egg spotted in Spider-Man No Way Home [EASTER EGG]Doctor Strange 2 ad drops massive Tobey Maguire Spider-Man Easter Egg [INSIGHT]Doctor Strange 2: ‘More surprises than Endgame, No Way Home combined’ [NEWS] Sony likely knows how important the new Spider-Verse movies are for their bank balance, so are taking things slow - especially after the release of their latest comic book movie, Morbius. Morbius was hotly anticipated, but not well-liked by fans or critics at all. The Jared Leto-led movie currently has 16 percent on Rotten Tomatoes, making it one of Sony's worst-rated comic book movies. Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse hits cinemas on June 2, 2023. Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse Part II hits cinemas on March 29, 2024. Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is available to rent on Amazon Prime Video.