Baroness Ruth Davidson said there is a greater chance of kicking the SNP out of power in May's election than in 2017. The former Scottish Conservative leader insisted that only Tory votes can stop SNP-Labour coalitions after the council election. Baroness Davidson said: "Last time around, pro-UK voters united to back the Scottish Conservatives to stop the SNP. The opportunity to kick the SNP out of power is even greater in this election. "Local results over the last year show how close it is between the SNP and Scottish Conservatives in councils across the country. "Across all the council by-elections held last year, out of the tens of thousands of votes cast, the Scottish Conservatives were just 300 votes behind the SNP, with Labour and the Lib Dems far behind in third and fourth place. "Now, people right across Scotland have the chance to make Nicola Sturgeon pay the price for 15 years of failure."  Baroness Davidson joined Scottish Conservative leader Douglas Ross on the campaign trail in Edinburgh on Wednesday, making their party's pitch to pro-union voters. Ahead of a campaign event, Baroness Davidson said: "In council areas across Scotland, just a few hundred more votes for Scottish Conservative candidates could make all the difference towards beating the SNP. "The stakes are high. If Nicola Sturgeon's candidates get in, they'll push the agenda of the SNP Government. "They won't stand up to council funding cuts. They'll nod through workplace parking taxes.  READ MORE ABOUT A DRIVER'S WARNING TO FOSSIL FUEL ACTIVISTS "The sad truth is, Labour candidates will help them. That's what they've done in Edinburgh and in each of the six councils across Scotland where Labour work hand-in-hand with the SNP." Labour's fortunes in Scotland have been improving with a Survation’s poll putting them in second place behind the SNP. Commissioned by the political blog Ballot Box Scotland, the poll shows Labour with 23 percent of the vote, the Tories 18 percent and SNP 44 percent. In the 2017 Scottish Council Elections, Labour won 262 seats behind the Tories (276) and SNP (431).  DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry to get armed protection from state police [REVEALED] 'Emotionally needy' Harry 'utterly taken over by Meghan' [LATEST] Expert pinpoints 'real reason' for Harry snub [REPORT] However, elections expert Sir John Curtice has said the change in Labour fortunes comes from anti-independence, swing voters disillusioned with the Tories under Prime Minister Boris Johnson. This came before Mr Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak were told they would be fined in the partygate saga. Ms Sturgeon was among those calling for them to step down but Scottish Tory leader Douglas Ross said his removal would "destabilise" the UK as it tries to deal with Russia's invasion of Ukraine. On Twitter, Ms Sturgeon said: "Boris Johnson must resign. He broke the law and repeatedly lied to parliament about it.  "The basic values of integrity and decency - essential to the proper working of any parliamentary democracy - demand that he go. And he should take his out of touch Chancellor with him." Mr Ross, who retracted his letter to the backbench 1922 Committee seeking a vote of no confidence in the PM in March, said he shared the fury felt by voters. He said in a statement: "The public are rightly furious at what happened in Downing Street during the pandemic. "I understand why they are angry and share their fury. The behaviour was unacceptable. The Prime Minister now needs to respond to these fines being issued.  "However, as I've made very clear, in the middle of war in Europe, when Vladimir Putin is committing war crimes and the UK is Ukraine's biggest ally, as President Zelensky said at the weekend, it wouldn't be right to remove the Prime Minister at this time. "It would destabilise the UK Government when we need to be united in the face of Russian aggression and the murdering of innocent Ukrainians." But Baroness Davidson, who was appointed to the House of Lords by the Prime Minister, said on Twitter: "Met confirms what we already knew: the PM introduced liberty-curtailing rules for public health reasons.   "This caused huge hardship for those separated from ill or dying loved ones. "He then broke the rules he imposed on the country & lost the moral authority to lead. He should go." 