There is no hotter prospect in golf right now than new world No 1 Scottie Scheffler. The American tees off in the final round of the Masters on Sunday with a three-shot lead over Cameron Smith, following rounds of 69, 67, and 71. It puts him on the brink of a first major championship, and a fourth tournament win of 2022. Having impressed in his maiden Ryder Cup last September, Scheffler claimed his first PGA title in February when he beat Patrick Cantlay in a play-off. He backed that up with wins in the Arnold Palmer Invitational and WM Phoenix Open. And those successes have undoubtedly upped his net worth, with his win over Cantlay earning him just over £1,133,700. This victory at the Arnold Palmer event in Florida earned him more than £1,659,202. That was followed by beating Kevin Kisner in the match-play final in Phoenix, which was worth £1,613,113. According to Golf Monthly, those displays have helped take his PGA Tour earnings to just short of £10 million - and of course, there could be more to come on Sunday night. JUST IN: Tiger Woods hobbles out of interview after 'awful' Masters round as pain takes its toll Scheffler’s estimated net worth was previously quoted at around $4 million but given his new status in the rankings, and potential triumph at Augusta, that figure now appears a conservative one. He also has sponsorship deals with TaylorMade, Titleist, Vokey, Nike and Veritex Community Bank. The purse available to players at the Masters is also bigger than ever before this year. As well as his green jacket, the 2021 champion Hideki Matsuyama became £1.59 million richer - this year, the man who finishes at the top of the standings will earn a cool £2.07 million. DON'T MISS:Masters contender Justin Thomas emulates Bubba Watson heroics with incredible escape shotStewart Cink records Masters hole-in-one on iconic par-3 16th at Augusta NationalRory McIlroy Masters dreams further away than ever as green jacket hopes fade once more Regardless of the outcome, or his career, Scheffler will still have some way to go to emulate Tiger Woods. The 46-year-old currently holds a net worth of £609 million after winning 15 majors and benefiting from numerous endorsements. Rory McIlroy meanwhile, reportedly boasts a net worth of £170 million, with Phil Mickleson's figure at around £305 million. However, for Scheffler, the immediate focus won't be on cheques on prize-money, but nailing down a first Major championship. 