And the star-studded event looks set to totally eclipse the £1m nuptials of Brooklyn’s parents Posh and Becks – which was splashed all over OK! Magazine back in 1999. Former soccer star David and ex Spice Girl Victoria are worth a cool £380m, and Bates Motel actress Nicola  is the daughter of billionaire Nelson Peltz, 79, who is worth three times as much. So, money is clearly no object. The wedding itself – a Jewish ceremony in line with Nicola’s heritage -  will take place in her magnificent family home, a stunning £58m mansion in Palm Beach. Huge white marquees have been erected along the shoreline and enormous event trucks – carrying designer furniture and exotic landscaping - have been arriving at the property for days. Celebrity stylist Leslie Fremar – who has worked with Hollywood stars Demi Moore and Charlize Therons- helped Nicola choose her two fairy-tale Valentino dresses and has reportedly been booked for the Big Day. Wedding guests will include celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay, his wife Tanya and their five children, Spice Girl Melanie Brown, former footballer Phil Neville and Desperate Housewives star Eva Longoria. Rocco Ritchie, the 21-year-old son of Madonna and Guy Ritchie, will also be there as will supermodel Gigi Hadid  and rapper Snoop Dogg, who will be DJing on the day as his ‘wedding gift’ to the newlyweds. Brooklyn's godfather Sir Elton John won’t make the event due to the rescheduling of his Yellow Brick Road tour. But his partner David Furnish is going and its thought American football legend Tom Brady will also be there, with his wife, supermodel Gisele Bündchen, In the run up to the wedding the groom-to-be has been desperately trying to relax. But bare-chested Brooklyn, a photographer and budding chef, looked as if he might have some last-minute nerves as he took a trip in a golf buggy with friends. Wearing green shorts and white trainers and with a basketball at his feet, he seemed tired and slightly sun burned. And while Nicola has admitted she’s dreading the first dance, he’s revealed he is "most nervous" about his wedding speech. In a ‘Mr and Mrs’ game with British Vogue this week he also confessed he was more likely than she was to shed a tear on the day. The rest of the family appeared very chilled, however, as they spent their downtime in Miami on their £5million superyacht ‘Seven’. Brothers Romeo, 19 and Cruz, 17 are both Best Men while Harper, 10 is a bridesmaid. Romeo may well have been practising his speech as he cosied up to his long-time girlfriend Mia Regan on the top deck of the yacht– named after the iconic football shirt number his father wore at Manchester United and for England internationals. David, 46, who is |acting as MC tomorrow, looked stylish in denim shorts and a black T-shirt with 'Girls Don't Cry' emblazoned on the back, protecting his face from the sun with a dark blue baseball cap. He also posed with staff at a budget Miami sandwich shop -  and later posted the cheery image on his Instagram account. Nicola's 93-year-old grandmother -  her ‘naunni’ - will be her maid of honour and in a break with tradition her brother Brad, an ice-hockey player is ‘man of honour’. Security is expected to be ultra tight at the wedding with fashion bible Vogue given exclusive rights, and social media posts and phones banned. Brooklyn and Nicola, who got engaged in June 2020, have agreed a complicated pre-nup ahead of their marriage. Let’s hope the happy couple manage to keep their feet on the ground for the occasion itself. It’s rumoured rich friends are planning to club together to buy them a honeymoon in space as a wedding present. For a cool £400,000.