The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited Belize, Jamaica, and the Bahamas last week. As Kate changed into an array of different outfits, royal fans will have noticed her slim frame. What diet does she follow? At 40, Kate is as fit and healthy as ever. She has maintained her slim figure by following a healthy diet and doing regular exercise. Kate has always been athletic, having participated in running, tennis, rowing, and more at university. Michael Brigo, a personal trainer at brigopt.com, told Express.co.uk: “The Duchess of Cambridge has a slender and athletic physique which is most likely shaped by doing resistance-based gym workouts primarily focusing on strength training using bodyweight and weights. READ MORE: Eugenie's 'steady weight' is due to 'diverse cuisines' - here's why “In addition, she’s an outdoorsy person and has been known to enjoy running, skiing and tennis – it wouldn’t surprise me if on average her run was 10km or above.” Doctor Charlotte Norton, a medical director at The Slimming Clinic, added: “The Duchess of Cambridge is well-known for being naturally athletic and a huge admirer of spending time in nature and keeping fit. “Also, considering her senior royal rank, you'd imagine she eats quite well too, which makes it not so hard to wonder why she looks so great at 40.” Kate reportedly follows the Dukan diet. Made popular by Dr. Pierre Dukan, a French general practitioner, the diet claims to produce “rapid, permanent weight loss without hunger”, according to Healthline. DON'T MISS: Camilla Parker Bowles' shamrock brooch worth huge sum - 'Unique!' [PICTURES]Alan Titchmarsh’s secret to growing ‘beautiful’ roses [VIDEO]Weight loss tips: 5 natural ways to get rid of belly fat [GUIDE] It involves eating foods that are high in proteins and low in carbohydrates and is made up of four steps. The first step is the attack phase, where slimmers start the diet by eating unlimited lean protein plus one and a half tablespoons of oat bran every day, lasts a week. The next step, which can last for anything from a month to 12 months, involves alternating lean protein one day with lean protein and non-starchy vegetables the next, plus two tablespoons of oat bran every day. The third phase is the consolidation phase, which is five days for every pound lost in phases one and two, and involves eating unlimited lean protein and vegetables, some carbs and fats, one day of lean protein weekly, and two and a half tablespoons of oat bran daily. Finally, the fourth phase is the stabilisation phase, which is indefinite. Slimmers are urged to follow the consolidation phase guidelines but loosen the rules as long as their weight remains stable. Oat bran is increased to three tablespoons a day. Doctor Charlotte continued: “Kate Middleton is very relatable – even down to her diet – and I think that’s one of the reasons why the nation loves her. “She’s known to be an avid cook and doesn’t shy away from pizzas, pasta and curries, which we all probably have a soft spot for. “The key to emulating Kate’s diet is ensuring there’s a healthy balance between different food groups. “As you become older, what you eat becomes even more essential. “Protein (meat, fish, dairy, legumes, and nuts), carbs (whole grains), lipids (healthy oils), vitamins, minerals, and water are all essential for maintaining a healthy diet.” The doctor added: “I truly think Kate’s secret is consistency. There hasn’t been a moment in history so far where she has had a dramatic change in appearance, even post-pregnancy and I think that’s due to being consistent with diet and exercise. “I think another secret is that she allows herself to have the odd sweet snack and carb-filled meal which isn’t a crime – like I mentioned earlier, it is all about a balance which I think Kate has perfected.”