Barcelona star Gerard Pique has told a funny story about Cristiano Ronaldo from their time at Manchester United together. The duo were team-mates before the Spain international quit for the Nou Camp back in 2008. And they’ve also grown to be rivals in the years since. Pique was part of the Barcelona academy but left for Manchester United in 2004 after being wooed to Old Trafford by Sir Alex Ferguson. He often struggled for opportunities under the Scot, however, due to the presence of Rio Ferdinand and Nemanja Vidic at the back. During his time at United, Pique played alongside Ronaldo. The duo were part of the same side that won the Premier League and Champions League in 2008, with the Barcelona star then returning to the Nou Camp that same year. In the years that followed Pique and Ronaldo became rivals - with the Portugal international joining Real Madrid in 2009. But now, speaking to the Telegraph, the Spain international has insisted they have a ‘good relationship’ and hilariously said Ronaldo would often spend time in front of the mirror. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Cristiano Ronaldo? I’ve always had a good relationship with him,” he said. “When we played together, we met many times with other Portuguese and Brazilian teammates. “Ronaldo used the mirror a lot at Manchester United. “When he arrived at training, the first thing he always did was look in the mirror. It was a lot of fun. “Ronaldo’s mentality was sensational at Manchester United, despite being young.” Ronaldo was always determined to improve himself and that started during his time at United. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Signed as David Beckham’s replacement in 2003, the former Sporting Lisbon star touched down as a teenager. But he spent six years evolving himself, spending countless time in the gym to try and become the best player in the world. Ronaldo would try and perfect his image, too, changing his hairstyle and having dental work during his first spell at Old Trafford. And that attention to detail has set him apart, with the 37-year-old rightly regarded as one of the best footballers on the planet. Peter Crouch, speaking three years ago, revealed he was told by Rio Ferdinand that Ronaldo would stand in front of a mirror naked at United. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And team-mates, apparently, tried to wind him up while he did it. “Rio Ferdinand would tell us stories about how Cristiano Ronaldo would stand in front of the mirror naked, running his hand through his hair, and say, 'Wow. I'm so beautiful!'," he said. "The other United players would try to wind him up. 'Whatever. Leo Messi is a better player than you.' "And he would shrug his shoulders and smile again. 'Ah yes. But Messi does not look like this...'" Pique, meanwhile, also revealed he was ‘sent to jail’ during his time in England - but then went to the casino as soon as he was freed. “When I was 20, the Manchester police stopped me for running a red light,” he said. “I tested positive at the breathalyser, they put me in handcuffs and took me to jail. “But in the end they released me the same day. After that, I immediately went to the casino.” On his time at United, he added: “Ferguson was very good at managing the dressing room. “He was concerned that all the players were well and happy. “Ferguson was more of a motivational figure than a coach, but he had a lot of character.”