So it was true for a very contrite Boris Johnson today when he repeatedly apologised to the Commons and the country over breaking his own lockdown rules. Faced with predictable and melodramatic attacks from Sir Keir Starmer and Labour MPs, the Prime Minister was able to politely withstand their demands for him to resign.  But there were gasps in the chamber when a Conservative former Chief Whip and leadership candidate Mark Harper got to his feet and wielded a political knife at the Prime Minister’s back. Referencing the war in Ukraine and fighting for democracy he noted: “It is exactly at times like this that this country needs somebody who exemplifies those values.” The loyalists on the Tory benches all chimed in with a “hear hear”. But Mr Harper went on: “I regret to say we have a Prime Minister who broke the laws that he told the country they had to follow, hasn’t been straightforward about it and is now going to ask the decent men and women on these benches to defend what I think is indefensible.”  He added: “I am very sorry to have to say this but I no longer think he is worthy of the great Office that he holds.” A visibly shaken Mr Johnson spluttered for words. “I bitterly regret what has happened,” he replied. “But I do think it is the job of this Government to get on with delivering the priorities of the British people and that is what I am going to do.” While a succession of Conservative backbenchers got up to express their loyalty, the words of Mr Harper represent a significant group within the Conservative ranks. They do not agree with Sir Bill Cash’s analysis in the Chamber that the fine was “a civil matter” not a criminal one. And there are many looking at the local elections results up and down the UK on May 5 to see whether the country has decided Mr Johnson should go too.  Mark Harper was chairman of the Covid Research Group (CRG) of Tory MPs which resisted the lockdown measures and restrictions and eventually in December forced the Prime Minister’s hand in dropping them early with a rebellion of more than 100 Tory MPs. A significant proportion of the Conservative benches like Harper think that the Prime Minister was overly cautious on covid and the cost of living crisis and economic damage are the results of his heavy-handed policies.  Currently, public opinion is against the Prime Minister with a Techne poll for the Sunday Express showing 55 percent think he should go. But it also revealed that only one in 10 Conservative voters want him to quit. At the moment the Prime Minister is safe and most of his MPs will back him, but Mr Harper’s intervention was an uncomfortable reminder for him that he is not in the clear yet. 