Nick Ferrari explained how he thought it was a problem for those working from the office two days a week, and then the rest of the week spent working from home. The LBC host claims that it was not fair, and began to argue back and forth with phone-in-caller Dave. Mr Ferrari claimed that people who want to work from home have decided they'd rather stay in their pyjamas. The presenter refused to agree with Dave and claimed that it was about the principle and the spirit of being there in the office. Mr Ferrari said: "The laptop class can sit happily in Middlesex, coming in twice a week. "It's not fair!" Caller Dave told LBC: "I know it's not fair, but that's down to the Government who..." Mr Ferarri added: "No no no, it's not down to the Government. "That is down to the people who decided they would rather stay in their pyjamas." JUST IN: Boris urged to overrule Northern Ireland protocol with new law - Brexit POLL     Caller Dave said: "It all goes to the security companies which is again is..." Mr Ferrari added: "I don't care, whether they... I don't care! "It is the principle, that those men and women are working 7-days a week. And one guy in his pyjamas might come in every other Tuesday." The caller said: "They're working on a zero-hour contract, which is another matter." Mr Ferrari said: "Right but it is the spirit of them being there." READ MORE: Druzhba explosion: Russian oil depot engulfed in flames following 'multiple explosions'    Jacob Rees-Mogg has been facing backlash for leaving notes on civil servants' desks, about seeing them in the office. Since the pandemic hit two years ago many people have become comfortable working from home, and do not want to go back to the office. During a quick interview with Mr Rees-Mogg, a GB News reporter asked the MP: "I've seen that you have been putting some notes in your civil servant offices encouraging them to come back from working from home." "Tell me a little about that?" With many companies still offering remote or blending working situations, the MP said he feels some roles are too vital to be performed at home. DON’T MISS: Two dead as Paris police open fire while anti-Macron protesters take to capital's streets [VIDEO]New COVID travel rules for Spain, Canary Islands & Balearics as holiday season approaches [TRAVEL]See EU later! India to help UK launch Galileo replacement with huge new space deal [POLITICS] Mr Rees-Mogg replied: "There is certainly a place for working from home. "It works in some instances, but I know people are having difficulties getting government services. "Getting driving licenses from DVLA, [and] delays with some passports."  Mr Rees-Mogg added: "We need people whose jobs are dependent on being in the office back in the office. "The rest of the country is getting back to normal, and I am encouraging the civil service to do the same."