Good Morning Britain presenter Rob Rinder has opened up on Susanna Reid's "really tragic" relationship with his pet dog, Rocco. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the Judge Rinder star, 43, spoke about starring on Channel 4's Celebrity Gogglebox with his friend of seven years and opened up on the problematic relationship she has with his pet Frenchie. The duo started appearing on Celebrity Gogglebox two years ago, much to the delight of GMB and Judge Rinder fans. However, Rob and Susanna weren't starring alone on the Channel 4 show. Rob's dog Rocco also made an appearance on the programme, but the star candidly admitted that when it came to Susanna, he faced an unrequited love. The legal expert said: "My dog is in love with Susanna but she's not necessarily in love with my dog. READ MORE: Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue "But it's really tragic because he really loves her." When asked whether Susanna returned the feeling, Rob admitted that she wasn't as keen on the pup as he was on her. He explained: "She's a fan. "She's just not as much of it like, you know- but then who can ever tell with dogs?" he added. Elsewhere in the interview, the star opened up on whether Celebrity Gogglebox "authentically" represents his relationship with ITV newsreader. Discussing the show, Rob revealed that the funniest behind-the-scenes moments weren't shown on camera. Addressing whether the show is a true representation of their friendship, the legal expert explained how the programme is edited. Rob said: "We're completely authentic but you're conscious of the fact there's a camera there. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais defies woke claims Chris Rock 'deserved' slap at Oscars [INSIGHT]Mick Jagger's daughter Jade, 50, and his girlfriend, 35, stun at event [ANALYSIS]Penny Lancaster, 51, puts on affectionate display with Rod Stewart, 77 [UPDATE] "You didn't really see what we consider to be the funniest bits of us. "Just the stuff that we would actually chat about, it's like the stuff you think would be most interesting, but would be utterly dull to anybody else," he added. Last year, Robert joined the mother-of-three on the Good Morning Britain desk following the departure of host Piers Morgan. Reflecting on his friendship with the former BBC Breakfast presenter, Robert told how they hit it off straight away while meeting for work. Rob said: "It was just a random series of events, she asked me the cleverest question that I've ever been asked in any interview." The Judge Rinder star also spoke about his work with Patient Claim Line to investigate what happens when a medical negligence claim is made against the NHS and how it can improve processes for other patients. Speaking about the process of making a claim, Rob said: "It's about our shared provider, making sure and ensuring that it delivers best practice. "And when it falls dangerously short, not just ensuring the NHS is held to account, but that the individual is properly remunerated for their injury to be sure, but also to protect, to serve and to defend the NHS to make sure it keeps its standards up. You can contact Patient Claim Line here.