Prince Charles reportedly met with Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle in Windsor last week. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex made a secret stop-off in the UK en route to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, are said to have spent 15 minutes with the couple during their lowkey visit. The pair were in Windsor for the Maundy Thursday service. Following the meeting with the Sussexes, Charles and Camilla left for St George’s Chapel, where the heir was due to step in for his mother during the traditional coin-giving ceremony. The rift between Charles and his youngest son became widely known following Meghan and Harry’s exit two years ago. Tensions were exacerbated after the pair sat down for their tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey, during which Harry said his father and brother were “trapped” in the Firm. He also claimed that he was not adequately supported by his family and that Charles had cut him off financially. The Prince of Wales was said to be nervous about Thursday’s meeting. A friend of Charles told MailOnline: “He loves his son and he has been broken-hearted by everything that has taken place, although he fears history repeating itself with Harry just as it did with Princess Diana. "But he also wants to keep the door open and keep talking, something he still regrets not doing with Diana." After the meeting, Harry and Meghan saw the Queen where the “atmosphere was a lot less edgy”. The Duke opened up on reuniting with his grandmother, saying it was "great to see her". He told the BBC: "She had plenty of messages for Team UK which I've already passed on to most of them. "So, it was great to see her and I'm sure she would love to be here if she could." DON'T MISS Prince Edward title: Why is Edward an Earl and not a Duke? [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry 'need to be on good terms with the Queen' [REVEAL] Prince Harry torn apart for 'loose talk' after children future comment [REPORT] The prince has not spoken out about his meeting with his father, and has been accused of swerving a question about Charles and Prince William. In an interview with Today show host Hoda Kotb, Harry spoke openly about his family and about how he wants to make the world a "better place for his kids". Asked if he missed his family at home, he said "yes,” before adding "especially over the last two years, for most people, have we not missed their families? Right?" But when asked specifically if he missed his brother and father, he stopped short of answering directly, saying he was focused on competitors at the Invictus Games. He said: "Look, I mean... at the moment, I'm here focused on these guys and these families and giving everything I can, 120 percent, to them to make sure that they have the experience of a lifetime. "That's my focus here. And when I leave here, I go back, and my focus is my family, who I miss massively." In a Twitter post, ITV’s royal editor, Chris Ship, said that Harry “completely swerves the question”. Harry did, however, reveal that he feels the guidance of his mother “more than ever”. Speaking about Diana’s presence in his life, he said: "It's constant. It has been over the last two years. More so than ever before. "It's almost as though she's done her bit with my brother and now she's very much back to helping me. Got him set up, now she's helping me set up. That's what it feels like. "He's got his kids. I've got my kids. You know, circumstances are obviously different.” He added: "I feel her presence in almost everything that I do now. “But definitely more so in the last two years than ever before." Harry did not see William or his sister-in-law, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, during his brief visit to the UK. William and Kate were in France enjoying a ski trip with their three children — Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis — when Harry and Meghan arrived. But the brothers could be reunited later this year as the Sussexes have been invited to join the Royal Family during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. If Harry and Meghan do return to London for the four-day weekend in June, they could appear on Buckingham Palace balcony and at the Queen’s Service of Thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral. Speaking to Ms Kotb, the Duke said he wants to bring his children to the UK for the celebrations, but admitted that he doesn’t know if a visit is possible. When asked about his plans to return, he said: "I don't know yet. There's lots of things: security issues and everything else. "So this is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that, you know, I can get my kids to meet her [the Queen]."