Some at Manchester United are unhappy with Ralf Rangnick and players are divided by the appointment of Erik ten Hag, according to reports. The Red Devils have endured a nightmare season so far. And, as they plan for a brighter future at Old Trafford, there could be more trouble ahead. Last week, it was announced that Ten Hag would be the next manager of United after agreeing to take charge on a three-year contract. And, now, the Manchester Evening News have opened up on the players’ reaction to the Dutchman’s appointment - as well as their feelings on Rangnick. With regards to the 63-year-old, it’s stated he’s ‘struggled to win round the dressing room’ since he took over from Ole Gunnar Solskjaer earlier in the campaign. With results worsening, players have lost faith in his methods. Rangnick has spent eight of the last 10 years in executive roles and has found the transition back to being a manager tough, to say the least. It’s claimed sources close to the squad think Rangnick’s increasingly blunt media appearances haven’t helped their cause, too. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The German, when he first took charge, was optimistic. But he’s cut an increasingly frustrated figure and his comments about needing as many as 10 new players in the summer haven’t gone down well with board members, either. Regarding Ten Hag, some players are happy with the appointment of the 52-year-old. He arrived as a serial winner with Ajax, having won two titles so far - with a third looking set to follow. Sections of the squad are ‘encouraged’ by the hiring of the Dutchman, who has already been hailed by David De Gea. But there is also some concern as to whether he has the personality, and authority, to bring the glory days back. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag There were some who believed United should have hired Mauricio Pochettino, who is soon expected to be sacked by Paris Saint-Germain. But it will be Ten Hag who will take on the task of re-awakening a sleeping giant whose last title came back in 2013, when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. United have just four games left of the season. And the end of the campaign can’t come quick enough given the way things have panned out so far. Rangnick is said to be preparing to become a United consultant at the end of the campaign, having agreed to work for the club on a two-year contract. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But there’s said to be ‘little clarity’ so far on how that’s going to work. Meanwhile, speaking after United’s 3-1 defeat to Arsenal on Saturday, Scott McTominay alluded to issues behind the scenes. “It is pride on the pitch – give your best, everyone,” he said. “There are a lot of things going on at the minute. “When we get back in the dressing room – it’s go home and take a look at yourself in the mirror. You can’t go back to your house and be satisfied with conceding three goals away at Arsenal when we deserved to win the game. “For us, self-belief, lack of confidence – you can see it all in the last two months. “We had a half-decent game but even then it is the belief, which is so big in football. It is just not there. “It is a bit of balls in your performances. That is what it comes down to – the fundamentals of football. “It is difficult for me to speak right now because there are so many emotions. “It comes down to the basics and we never do them well enough in big games, recently.”