Piers Morgan, 57, found himself at the centre of controversy last year after he suddenly left Good Morning Britain following his comments about Meghan Markle. The broadcaster sparked over 57,000 Ofcom complaints after saying he didn't believe a word Prince Harry's wife said during the pair’s landmark interview with Oprah Winfrey. Now, Piers has returned to the ITV studios for a candid chat with Lorraine Kelly on her eponymous show. During the interview, Piers discussed his new TalkTV series, Uncensored, which is set to kick off with a 75-minute interview with former US President Donald Trump. He also addressed his shock exit from Good Morning Britain as he once again clarified he did not want to leave. Piers began: “On the last day we finally got our highest ever ratings and beat the BBC. “And I wasn't expecting a carriage clock Lorraine, but I wasn't expecting to leave the building either, so I'm sorry I had to leave." He insisted: "Just to be clear, I didn't want to leave. It wasn't my choice to leave. “I was just told, 'You've got to apologise or you have to leave.' “I said, 'Why would I apologise for something I believe?' "I don't think anyone, by the way, should apologise for an honestly held opinion." Piers went on to highlight the “lovely time” he had throughout his years working for the broadcaster as he heaped praise on his former co-star Susanna Reid. He described his working relationship with Susanna as an “arranged marriage” as he explained the dynamic between them. “I did have a great time there. I had a lovely time at ITV. I worked there for many years," said Piers. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [LATEST]Nick Knowles ‘rages’ at backlash over new partner 'Wealthier than me!' [UPDATE]Stacey Solomon issues apology over 'unrelatable' swimming pool update [INSIGHT] “I did Life Stories and other shows, particularly Good Morning Britain. “I loved working with Susanna [Reid]. We had this arranged marriage where you get put with someone you don't really know. "We sort of fired off each other, then we sort of understood each other and just at the moment the marriage was really flourishing, we have to suddenly get divorced.” Piers had already pointed out last year that it had not been his intention to abruptly leave GMB after a Twitter user claimed their wife said the show “is not the same without" him. The presenter replied: "Please apologise to your wife. I didn’t actually want to leave, I was really enjoying it. "Unfortunately, Meghan Markle told my bosses she wasn’t enjoying it quite as much, so I left." The journalist co-hosted Good Morning Britain from 2015 to 2021. Piers also hosted the ITV talk show Life Stories from 2009 to 2021.