Barcelona are happy to meet the demands of Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski as they hunt a marketable replacement for Lionel Messi, according to reports. The Catalan giants plan on recruiting a new centre-forward at the end of the season. While Erling Haaland has been their priority, Joan Laporta knows any deal for the Norway international would be problematic - which is why he’s looking at alternatives. Lewandowski could leave Bayern at the end of the season, with the Poland international yet to commit to a new contract at the Allianz Arena. And with his current deal having just a year left to run, Barcelona have been credited with an interest. Now, Sport say the La Liga giants are ready to meet the 33-year-old’s demands by giving him a three-year contract. That’s the length of a deal he’s been wanting at Bayern but, with the Bundesliga giants planning for the future, they’re yet to present the offer to him. Messi is behind Barcelona’s plans to land Lewandowski, with the Catalan titans aware they lack a marketable face to spearhead the Xavi era. While the Argentina international has been linked with a move back to Barcelona himself, he’s contracted to Paris Saint-Germain until 2023. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And it’s hard to see the Ligue 1 side letting him go, even if he’s endured an underwhelming first year at the Parc des Princes. Barcelona are ‘waiting’ to find out what unfolds with Lewandowski amid Bayern’s reluctance to offer him the deal he wants. It’s said that, back in January, the pursuit of the former Borussia Dortmund man started. Lewandowski’s camp contacted Barcelona to explain his ‘market situation’ and the striker himself feels he’s got many good years ahead. Barcelona, for their part, ‘listened carefully’. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And they confirmed that if Lewandowski was to be available for a suitable price, they’d be interested in bringing him to Catalonia. There is no agreement with the veteran just yet. But with there a ‘good harmony’ between all parties at the current moment in time, it’s feasible he’ll experience life in La Liga next term. Haaland has long been Barcelona’s main target. But they know they lack the financial muscle to compete with rivals Manchester City and Real Madrid for the striker’s signature. Xavi was recently asked about the prospect of Barcelona bringing Lewandowski in when the transfer window reopens. Yet he refused to discuss the hitman prior to his side’s 3-2 Europa League defeat to Eintracht Frankfurt on Thursday. “This is not the time. He is a great player, but we have to focus on tomorrow's game,” he said. Bayern chief Oliver Kahn, meanwhile, was adamant Lewandowski wouldn’t be allowed to leave when quizzed on the matter in midweek. “We definitely have Robert with us for another season,” said the former goalkeeper. “We know what we have in him and we're relaxed about it. “Apparently, there's a competition out there: ‘'Who will tell the biggest nonsense story about Robert Lewandowski?'’ Talks will continue. “We are not crazy and we will not be discussing the transfer of a player who scores between 30 and 40 goals with us every season.” Manchester United have also been linked with Lewandowski, though Erik ten Hag may wish to recruit a younger striker instead. Likewise PSG, who may lose Kylian Mbappe to Real Madrid.