A survey by holiday rentals search engine Spain-Holiday, shared the areas with the most British residents, and the town of Benidorm in Costa Blanca tops the list. The research looked at the number of British residents in the town as well as the ratio of British pubs and restaurants, shops and establishments. The study named Benidorm the 'most British resort' in Spain. In Benidorm, Britons can easily find a restaurant to enjoy a Sunday roast or an English breakfast. Over 3,380 British citizens live in the popular town which has 40 British shops, restaurants and pubs. READ MORE: Travel warning: Britons could spend 'weeks' without luggage  The second most British destination in Spain is Orihuela, in Alicante. Also in Costa Blanca, Orihuela is a medieval town with a beautiful coastline which attracts thousands of expats every year. A total of 10,025 Britons live in the city but only 18 British establishments can be found in Orihuela. Benalmadena, in Malaga, came in third place with 3,420 British residents and 31 pubs and restaurants available.  The city was followed by another spot in Costa del Sol, Mijas, with 8,610 British residents. Despite being Mijas very popular among Britons, the town only has three UK restaurants, shops and pubs. Mijas is followed by another town near Malaga, in Costa del Sol: Torremolinos. Expats will feel at home with 28 British shops, pubs and restaurants. If Britons feel homesick, they are another 1,300 UK permanent residents living in Torremolinos. In Mallorca, the Balearic Islands, a beautiful spot also made it to the top 10: the charming town of Calvia. British resident Sophie H recommended visiting Playa Santa Ponca on Tripadvisor. She said: "Great little beach with lots of lovely bars, restaurants and shops. Lots of ducks everywhere which was a surprise! "Went out of high season so it wasn't busy, but I imagine it gets busier as the summer gets going." 1. Benidorm 2. Orihuela 3. Benalmadena 4. Mijas 5. Torremolinos 6. Fuengirola 7. Torrevieja 8. Calvia 9. Arona 10. Estepona