In a poll that ran from 11am on Wednesday, April 6, to 11am on Friday, April 8, Express.co.uk asked: “Are you willing to pay more for energy bills to cut off ALL Russian gas in light of 'gruesome' Ukraine war crimes?” In total, 1,156 people responded and dozens shared their views in comments below the accompanying article. The majority of voters – 63 percent (725 people) – said “yes” they would be willing to pay for their energy bills to cut off all Russian gas. A further 36 percent (419 people) answered “no” and just one percent (12 people) said they did not know. This poll was conducted following the reports of massacres in Bucha, near Kyiv, raising questions over the need for more sanctions against Russia. In response to the events, French President Emmanuel Macron argued: “What happened in Bucha demands a new round of sanctions and very clear measures, so we will coordinate with our European partners, especially with Germany.” He added that “on oil and coal, we must be able to move forward. We should certainly advance on sanctions… We can’t accept this.” Energy bills in Britain increased by 54 percent for 22 million households last week, yet many Express.co.uk readers were in support of further increases if it meant sanctioning Russia. Username DNeil said: “Yes I'd pay more or use less. Either way I won't complain and work it out. My problem is nothing compared to the Ukrainians.” And username theoldone wrote: “We are willing to pay more but only if the Chancellor [Rishi Sunak] scraps the VAT and Green Taxes on gas and electricity.” Meanwhile, others thought that they were already paying enough for energy. Username sam the man said: “Aren't we already paying enough. It's time all our utilities were renationalised and stop having to pay foreign companies shareholders.” Username Stars1 simply commented: “No, it isn't necessary.” The UK relies on Russian gas for just four percent of its supply compared to Europe’s 40 percent. Username Theancientone said: “Why should we pay more by cutting off Russian gas supplies, when we are not dependent on it. “Any cuts to imported gas should be replaced by tapping into our own gas reserves, and I would then expect prices to be lowered.” Username Simo69 said: “We don’t get our gas from Russia though…so no we should not be paying more.” DON'T MISS:Energy crisis lifeline: UK unveils 'urgent' £375m package to slash bills and Russian ties [LATEST]State pension triple lock future in doubt as Britons ‘less trustful’ of policy [UPDATE]Is it cheaper to use gas or electricity? Fact-checked [INSIGHT] Some thought that the UK should be exploiting its own energy resources and invest in fracking. Username "." wrote: “ The UK is sitting on enough energy. We could be self-sufficient.” While Username Justmypointofviewok said: “Why should we pay more when we are sitting on enough oil and gas to be self-sufficient. Get fracking now.” And, username john.heppell wrote: “No, get fracking and reopen our coal mines pronto.” In March, UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: “In another economic blow to the Putin regime following their illegal invasion of Ukraine, the UK will move away from dependence on Russian oil throughout this year, building on our severe package of international economic sanctions. “Working with industry, we are confident that this can be achieved over the course of the year, providing enough time for companies to adjust and ensuring consumers are protected.” The UK Government published its energy security strategy on Thursday, April 7. This set out how the UK will invest in “homegrown power” to provide greater energy independence and reduce fossil fuel consumption.