Covid cases are at a record high in England and the current wave comes as pollen season gets underway. This is leading to much confusion because the symptoms of Covid are similar to hay fever. Fortunately, Doctor Hilary cleared up some of this confusion on ITV's Lorraine. The NHS has added nine new symptoms to its official list of Covid symptoms. In addition to a a high temperature or shivering (chills), a new, continuous cough and a loss or change to your sense of smell or taste, you may experience the following: As doctor Hilary explained, many of the above symptoms also fall under hay fever. However, a key way to distinguish between the two is to single out "fever", the TV doc said. READ MORE: Covid cases highest they have EVER been in England as NHS confirms nine new symptoms Doctor Hilary said: "Hay fever is a misnomer. It doesn't cause fever." As a general rule, Covid has a "consistent symptomology" that will linger for a few days whereas pollen allergies become more acute at different points of the day, he explained. According to Allergy UK, pollen levels tend to be highest first thing in the morning and at the end of the day. The pollen count is also at its worst when it's warm, humid and windy. DON'T MISSBritons struck down by four illnesses sweeping UK [INSIGHT]Statins: 'High' alcohol intake linked to muscle toxicity [ADVICE]Clint Eastwood health: Star's anti-ageing tips [TIPS] Symptoms of hay fever include: The Royal College of General Practitioners is also warning people not to mix up the symptoms of coronavirus with hay fever. Doctor Gordon Sinclair, Clinical Chair of NHS Leeds Clinical Commissioning Group and a GP in Headingley, explains why it’s important for people to understand the difference between the symptoms. The doc said: “We don’t want people to get unduly anxious about their hay fever. However, we also want to make sure that they don’t go out and about, assuming they have their usual allergies, when they may actually have coronavirus and should stay at home." He continued: “The main symptoms of coronavirus are a high temperature, new continuous cough or loss of smell or taste. People may also feel quite unwell. “While the symptoms of coronavirus and hay fever can overlap, people with hay fever don’t experience a high temperature and most won’t feel unwell. “Hay fever and allergy symptoms tend to be milder, for example, itchy eyes, sneezing and coughing. Symptoms may vary over the course of the day or depending on the weather, as the pollen count changes. They can also usually be controlled through antihistamines or nasal sprays. “If you have any new cough, fever, lose your sense of taste or smell, you must self-isolate as these could be signs of coronavirus. Most people can manage their symptoms at home with paracetamol and plenty of fluids. However, if you feel worse, you should use the NHS 111 checker – https://111.nhs.uk/covid-19/ or call NHS 111. Most importantly, don’t go directly to your GP practice, pharmacy or hospital if you think you have coronavirus. Always go through 111 first.” According to the NHS, people with hay fever can still get medical advice and treatment during the pandemic. You can visit your local pharmacy for over the counter remedies. "If your symptoms don’t improve, you can also contact your GP practice." If steroids and other hay fever treatments do not work, your GP may refer you for immunotherapy.