After almost three years, Netflix’s hit supernatural series Stranger Things will be returning to screens for its fourth and final season. However, after the release of the trailer, fans spotted a haunting clue which could hint at Max Mayfield’s (played by Sadie Sink) demise.  Fans of the science fiction horror were thrilled after it was revealed Stranger Things’ highly-anticipated instalment would land on screens in May. After the action-packed trailer was released, fans of the supernatural series were left with a number of questions about the upcoming season. This only escalated after the video revealed a new villain would be unleashed. Despite this, fears were heightened after viewers spotted a shocking clue in the trailer which suggested Max could meet her death in season four. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait In the trailer, Max could be seen visiting her late brother Billy Hargrove’s (Dacre Montgomery) grave. Though he was introduced as a bully in season two, he became a supervillain in the following instalment after the Mind Flayer took over his body. Then in the final moments of the season, Billy sacrificed himself to the Mind Flayer to save his sister and her friends. This took place at the Battle of Starcourt which is supposed to have taken place six months prior.  Max is featured heavily throughout the trailer and in one clip she could be seen looking baffled after noticing a Grandfather clock on the wall at the school. Back at the gravesite, she was joined by her friends Lucas Sinclair (Caleb McLaughlin), Steve Harrington (Joe Keery) and Dustin Henderson (Gaten Matarazzo). This was when Max began levitating high above the ground much to her friend's surprise. This led fans to believe she too had become possessed and would eventually join her brother in the afterlife when season four returns.  DON'T MISS...Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker 'should be replaced by Whoopi Goldberg' [INSIGHT] Stranger Things season 4 trailer: Eleven's new enemy exposed in promo [INSIGHT]Stranger Thing season 4: Showrunner confirms popular fan theory [THEORY] However, before she meets her demise, the trailer also showed Max will come face to face with a Demogorgon-esque creature. This was after she was seen running for her life in the upside-down as the monster was right on her tail. Taking to Twitter, fans shared their concern about Max’s fate after watching the trailer. Fan @Spideyskitty stated: “Max has so many death flags yall.”  Another, @nationalperrie, warned: “They better stay tf away from Max or there’s going to be problems.” Meanwhile, @Simply _payeye, threatened to switch off: “Dropping our netflix subscription if max dies idfc.” Another fan @carolineodair added: “If Max dies i die.” @marleystaylors agreed: “I’m ready to fight if Max dies.” Stranger Things season four premieres on Netflix on Friday, May 27. 