The Ukrainian President said hundreds of thousands of citizens in occupied regions had been deported to Russia. He told Channel 24: “They are placed in special filtration camps, documents are confiscated, and humiliated. How many of them are killed is unknown.” It comes as Russian forces have focused their efforts on Mariupol in the south and the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine, after apparently abandoning attempts to seize capital Kyiv following fierce resistance. A UK defence intelligence summary on Tuesday suggested fighting will intensify in eastern Ukraine over the next two to three weeks. The Ministry of Defence said: "Russian attacks remain focused on Ukrainian positions near Donetsk and Luhansk with further fighting around Kherson and Mykolaiv and a renewed push towards Kramatorsk. "Russian forces continue to withdraw from Belarus in order to redeploy in support of operations in eastern Ukraine." Western officials think Russia wants to bring about the fall of Mariupol to free up troops for the fight in the Donbas. Vladimir Putin has been forced to "diminish considerably" the plan in Ukraine, one official said. There are suggestions the Russian President wants to take the Donbas region before May 9 - when Moscow traditionally marks the Soviet Union's World War Two victory against Nazi Germany with military parades - in an attempt to claim victory for his so-called "special operation". READ MORE: Putin's new army commander key to turn tide of war  Meanwhile, Western officials are examining claims a chemical agent was used by Russian forces in a drone attack on the besieged port city of Mariupol. The Azov regiment, a unit with far-right links which is defending Mariupol, claimed the substance was delivered by a drone. The Kyiv Independent news website reported that Azov leader Andriy Biletsky said three people have clear signs of chemical poisoning. DON'T MISSRussia braces for 'potential coup' to fix Putin's 'error of judgment' [INSIGHT]Ukraine LIVE: Panicked Putin defends 'modern' weapons [LIVE BLOG]Zelensky’s wife lays bare Putin’s ‘fatal mistake’ [ANALYSIS] Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said the UK is working urgently with partners to verify details of the attack. Ms Truss said: "Any use of such weapons would be a callous escalation in this conflict and we will hold Putin and his regime to account." Mr Zelensky said the threat of chemical weapons being used was taken "as seriously as possible".