Kim Kardashian was left heartbroken when she discovered her six-year-old son Saint had stumbled across an advert claiming to link to her “unreleased sex tape”. Sobbing, Kim called her ex-husband Kanye West, admitting she couldn’t bear to experience another intimate video being released to the public. Saint saw the advert while playing an online game, and it featured a picture of his mother crying. Luckily, he simply thought it was “funny” and didn’t understand the full context, Kim said in a preview of the premiere episode of The Kardashians on Disney +. In 2007, a sex tape Kim made with ex-boyfriend Ray J was released to the public via Vivid Entertainment. The video had been recorded on her 22nd birthday in 2002, and Kim initially filed a lawsuit to stop it being released, but later settled for a reported $5million. While the tape propelled Kim to further fame and success, it was a traumatic time for the star, who felt her privacy had been deeply violated. Remembering this anguish, Kim says in the episode of The Kardashians that she could not bear to go through it all again if the advert did turn out to be genuine. However, Kim adds that she is “99.9 percent sure” no unreleased footage from the drug-fuelled sex tape exists. She calls her lawyers, according to The LA Times, and threatens to “sue” and “burn” anyone who releases more footage. “The last thing I want as a mother is for my past to be brought up 20 years later,” Kim says. “It's real embarrassing s**t. I need to deal with it, and will deal with it.” She tells Kanye: “I almost died when Saint thought it was funny,” when he was exposed to the advert on the game Roadblox. Branding the ad “super inappropriate”, the mum-of-four said she was relieved Saint isn’t old enough to fully read. Kim also shares North, eight, Chicago, four, and Psalm, two, with ex Kanye, who is now known as Ye. The rapper has claimed he bought a second sex tape from Ray J, telling Hollywood Unlocked: “I went and got the laptop from Ray J myself. “I met this man at the airport, then got on a red-eye, came back [and] delivered it to her at 8 a.m. in the morning... She cried when she saw it. “You know why she cried when she seen it on the laptop? Because it represents how much she's been used. “It represents how much people didn't love her, and they just saw her as a commodity,” he added. However, Kim’s representative told People: “After review, there was nothing sexual seen, only footage on the plane on the way to Mexico and footage at a club and restaurant on the same trip. “Kim remains firm in her belief that there is no new second tape that exists. “After 20 years, she truly wishes to move on from this chapter with focus instead on the positive things she continues to do as a mother, entrepreneur and advocate for justice reform.”