Rangers boss Giovanni van Bronckhorst, along with the club's fans, have been forced to sit up and take note as former Scottish referees Steve Conroy and Des Roache urged authorities to hit the Gers with a hefty points deduction after Sunday's Old Firm derby. Objects were thrown onto the pitch and a member of Celtic's backroom staff even required stitches after the raucous affair at Ibrox. Sunday's Old Firm started at a chaotic pace as Aaron Ramsey got the home stadium rocking with a third-minute opener. Tom Rogic promptly quietened them down with an equaliser, though, and Cameron Carter-Vickers struck what turned out to be the winner before half time. Celtic goalkeeper Joe Hart trotted over to his goal after the interval where a broken glass bottle was found. The game was stopped for several minutes while the former England number one waited for officials to clear away the debris. Hoops youngster Jota also had objects thrown at him from the stands while taking a corner, and manager Ange Postecoglu confirmed after the game that one of his staff members required stitches. JUST IN: Newcastle 'concerned' by Allan Saint-Maximin wage demands but exit could rest on Tottenham   "Fans particularly don't give a stuff if the club is fined," Conroy told the Get Involved Referee podcast. "It makes no difference to them. "If their team is docked three points, five points, ten points then 20 points then maybe they will pay attention. Maybe it is time that the clubs were held responsible for it because nothing else seems to be happening." DON'T MISS...Shaun Goater names two next Man City boss options that would annoy ArsenalSimon Jordan responds after Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp declared he's not a fan of punditMan Utd icon Wayne rooney trolls Gary Neville over 'highlight' of his career Roache added: "For me, I would go down the points deduction. That's where it will hurt the team and the fans if you're going to take this as a serious issue. "If you close a section of the stand, you're still going to have 35,000 people. What you're missing out in fans, players played through a lockdown with no fans. But if you got a points deduction, then the players feel that and if the players are feeling that, the fans will."  A 20-point deduction would only see Van Bronckhorst's side drop down one place in the table, such is the scale of theirs and Celtic's duopoly on Scottish football. It would effectively end their title hopes, however, just one year after stringing together an exceptional unbeaten season under the watchful eye of Steven Gerrard. Postecoglu has made a tremendous impact at Parkhead since replacing Neil Lennon last summer and may prefer to use their six-point buffer to see out this year's title rather than have their rivals knocked back. Fans could be set for two more doses of Old Firm tension this month with a Scottish Cup tie pencilled in for April 17 and another league meeting poised to take place in the weeks following. 