Former Everton striker Victor Anichebe insists Frank Lampard is "on his own" after admitting he was "excited" for the relegation battle. Everton boss Lampard made the comment ahead of Wednesday's crunch clash away at Burnley. The Toffees head into the match 17th in the table, just three points clear of the relegation zone. Burnley have played the same amount of games and can move within a point of Everton with a win at Turf Moor. Lampard says he is more excited than tense ahead of the trip to Burnley. But Anichebe says that is not a feeling shared by himself and the Everton supporters. He said on Sky Sports News: "He might be on his own there because I'm not excited. I think a lot of Everton fans are tense. READ MORE: Man Utd 'handed transfer shortlist' by Erik ten Hag that 'includes Ajax players'  "I guess he has to show optimism and look for the positives in such a poor season at Everton. That's all he can do, show optimism and take every game as it comes. But I'm not excited at all." Anichebe went as far as to say the match at Burnley is one of the biggest in Everton's history. Lampard's side face Manchester United, Liverpool, Chelsea and Leicester twice in their next five league matches in a daunting run of fixtures. Anichebe added: "I think it's the most important game in the season so far. Probably one of the most important games - people might say it's crazy - but in Everton's history. Tonight's a huge game. "To say it's a big game is an understatement, especially with the games that Everton have coming next. So I'm hoping that Everton can pull out a big result today." DON'T MISSThomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea boss [REPORT]Matt Le Tissier quits Southampton role after backlash over Russia-Ukraine and Covid tweets [NEWS]Harry Kane 'curious to hear Man Utd offer' ahead of another Tottenham saga [GOSSIP]  Speaking at his pre-match press conference, Lampard said he was looking forward to the competitiveness of Wednesday's match. He said: "Everyone is quick to tell me I’ve never been in a relegation battle. "I suppose that’s a positive, but I’ve been in this game a long time and I understand big moments. Tension can be a good thing, it can also go the other way. "I don’t feel tense, I actually feel excited with the level of the game and the competitive nature of this game. I loved as a player being involved in competitive games when there was a lot on them. "We’ve got 10 of those and this is the first one that’s in front of us. I’m calm and excited and when the game comes, we just have to have an absolute belief in ourselves." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 