The story of Cassie Bowden (played by Kaley Cuoco) continues later this month on HBO Max as The Flight Attendant makes its highly-anticipated return following the debut run’s rollercoaster of twists and turns. In season two, the Big Bang Theory star is joined by a number of familiar faces including Zosia Mamet and Griffin Matthews, and she’ll be welcoming some new stars to the cast as well, such as Alanna Ubach and Jessie Ennis. However, while promoting the new season recently, it’s with new recurring star Sharon Stone that Cuoco was left taken aback. Stone takes on the role of Cassie’s mum Lisa in the second season of The Flight Attendant. And after watching her daughter’s chaotic lifestyle and struggles with addiction over the years, their reunion was always going to be far from smooth sailing - despite season two opening with Cassie living a sober life in LA. What transpires, however, is something Cassie - and it turns out Cuoco - could never have expected: a slap across the face from Lisa. That’s because Cuoco has now revealed the entire moment wasn’t actually included in the season two scripts. READ MORE: Ozark's Maya Miller star emotional farewell to Byrde home “That slap? Not written in the script - that was a Sharon Stone Speciality,” Cuoco joked when asked about the scene. The former Big Bang star went on to admit it “came out of nowhere” which lent itself to the authentic reaction in the scene. “That was a true reaction,” she added to TV Line. “I was in shock, which is exactly what we used.” “That was a wild experience,” Cuoco added although did sound rather understanding given the effect it had on the finished moment on-camera. She concluded: “It ended up being actually kinda perfect for the scene.” While the reunion with Lisa will undoubtedly be one of the most intriguing moments from the second season, the trailer teases there’s plenty more drama coming from elsewhere. It opens with Cassie admitting she feels like her life is finally coming together after giving up booze and moving in with her new flame. She’s even managed to tidy her home and has successfully kicked the habit which left her somewhat of a mess for so many years. DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom’s Aldhelm star shares hidden meaning in costumeThe Witcher season 3 theory: Ciri set for new romanceThe Ultimatum's Zay Wilson storms out of reunion after Rae row However, things soon unravel when she heads to Berlin, Germany in her newfound role as a CIA informant. What Cassie finds is seemingly someone impersonating her and assuming her identity for a seedy life in the German capital. However, the promo reveals a shocking twist in which Cassie seemingly confronts several different versions of herself from alternate timelines. For instance, one had a wedding ring on and tells Cassie she’s her if she’d made better choices. With Cassie’s headspace now well and truly frazzled and with another trip to Reykjavik, Iceland in the diary, the trailer descends into chaos. And it even hints at Cassie hitting the bottle once more to try and help with the stress of all the mayhem. But will season two have a happy ending for Cassie and the likes of Lisa? Or will another shock death or relapse derail her recovery? The Flight Attendant season 2 premieres on HBO Max in the USA on April 21. The Flight Attendant season 2 is available exclusively in the UK from May 26 on Sky Max and streaming service NOW.