Paige joined the cast of Emmerdale in late 2020 as Meena, the sister of established character, Manpreet Sharma (played by Rebecca Sarker). The troubled Dales resident has quickly become one of the show's most memorable characters and has certainly cemented her place in the history books. Over the past 18 months, the villain has taken the lives of three villagers as well as having multiple romances with several men. Away from the drama of the ITV soap, the actress keeps her private life away from the public eye, with many fans wondering is she in a relationship.  Yes, the soap star is currently in a relationship away from the small screen but his identity is unknown to viewers of the show and her followers on social media. Of course, with the actress shooting to fame in the role of Meena, there has been curiosity over her life and who she might share it with. Paige confirmed to the media last month she was dating someone and she has been with this unknown love interest for several years. In an interview, Paige was asked about her other half after stating she was in a long term relationship but she quickly shut the question down. "I have got a long term partner, but I'm not going to talk about him because I just want to protect our relationship." READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King "Sorry about that," she told Fabulous Magazine and ever since there has been no further coverage on who Paige could be dating. There has also been nothing reported about the 24-year-old's past relationship nor has the identity of the people connected to such romances been revealed. However, it's fair to say Paige's alter-ego, Meena, hasn't been shy about the number of men she has been involved with since arriving in the village. First of all, she tried to make a beeline for her sister, Manpreet's husband Rishi Sharma (Bhasker Patel), but her efforts proved fruitless. Although her sibling did split from her other half, it wasn't because he had fallen for Meena, as Manpreet's former husband Dennis had done. Next up on the list was David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden), who fell head over heels for Meena and she was the first person he had been romantically interested in since Maya Stepney (Louisa Clein) left the village. Unfortunately for the villain, this wasn't to last as the shopkeeper soon found himself growing closer to Victoria Sugden (Isobel Hodgins). Following the news these two had become a proper couple, Meena not only tried to kill her love rival but also moved on with someone else. Just before Christmas, she got swept away in a romance with Billy Fletcher (Jay Kontzle) and she claimed he was pregnant with her child. Meena constructed such a lie because her boyfriend wanted to give things another go with his ex-girlfriend, Dawn Taylor (Olivia Bromley). DON'T MISS...Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT]Hayley Tamaddon health: Star was left in 'agony' after IBS flare up [COMMENT] Needing male attention, Meena also tricked Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson) into spending the night in her bed with her. They never slept together but the nurse wanted to use it as ammunition if she ever wanted to get something from her boss. After being arrested and now awaiting trial for murder, the villain hasn't had much time to develop a bond with another character. Therefore, she is currently single and it seems her former love interests are going to do everything in their power to bring her down. However, if she gets away with murder, the killer could be looking for someone new to settle down with. It has not been reported Paige has any children as it seems she has been focussing on her career over the past few years. After graduating from drama school, the actress made her on-screen debut in the BBC daytime soap Doctors in an unknown role. She also featured in an episode of Endeavour in another unknown role before becoming a series regular in Emmerdale as Meena. At the Inside Soap Awards last year, the actress secured the Best Villain gong and got a nomination for the Best Newcomer award. With no reference to the finer details of her relationship, Paige has not disclosed if she would want children in the future. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.