Manchester United’s last-ditch contract offer to midfielder Paul Pogba could provide a problem for Liverpool and Jurgen Klopp if the Frenchman agrees to remain at Old Trafford. Pogba sees his deal expire at the end of June and the Red Devils are desperate to keep hold of him. The 29-year-old is understood to have strong interest from across Europe. The academy graduate, who returned to Old Trafford in 2016 after spending four years at Juventus, has been linked with Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain, among others. But United still hope to fend off that interest and convince Pogba to remain with the Premier League club. They are reportedly set to make a final contract offer that could blow their rivals out of the water. According to the Mirror, United have presented a £500,000 per-week proposal to the World Cup winner. It is a £400,000 base salary with the prospect of other add-ons. READ MORE: Man City boss Pep Guardiola claims he'd relegate Leeds The publication claims the United squad are unhappy that the club is willing to make Pogba the Premier League’s highest-paid player. The current top earner is understood to be Cristiano Ronaldo, who takes home £450,000 per week. But a new contract for Pogba could potentially have wider consequences across the top-flight. Especially at Liverpool, who are trying to convince Mohamed Salah to remain at Anfield. Salah has a contract that will enter its final year this summer but is yet to shake hands over an extension. Liverpool are concerned about handing an astronomical deal to a player who will be 30 next season. DON'T MISS...Man Utd target Milinkovic-Savic 'destined to leave' Lazio this summerErik Ten Hag's dream Man Utd signing in doub as Juve 'intensify talks'Man City boss Pep Guardiola claims he'd relegate Leeds But the Egyptian might look at the contract offered to Pogba - who is scarcely a year younger - and argue that he should be paid the same. Ultimately, the former Roma winger has had a far more important impact at Liverpool than Pogba has at United. Salah has scored 153 goals in 242 appearances since joining from Roma in 2017. Pogba joined a year earlier but niggling injuries over the last couple of seasons mean he has played in 18 fewer matches. Liverpool boss Klopp has refused to comment on Salah’s contract situation but the player told Sky Sports last week that he cannot be ‘selfish’ by talking about his future while the club are still battling for four trophies. He said: "Well not much [I can say], but what I can say is there are many things people don't know about it. I can't be selfish and talk about my situation. “We are in the most important period for the team so I have to just talk about the team, focus on what is coming with the team and that is the most important thing. That is all I can say. Hopefully we are going to be more optimistic and see what is going to happen." 