This Morning presenter Holly Willoughby has admitted that she proved her critics right following a "dreadful" interview with former Prime Minister, Gordon Brown. Speaking in a new interview, the ITV star, 41, reflected on her time presenting the popular daytime show with her co-host Phillip Schofield, revealing that she was determined to prove her critics wrong after people in the industry aired their doubts over her presenting abilities when she first landed the role. Holly has hosted This Morning for 13 years alongside co-host Phillip after landing the role in 2009 following a series of presenting stints. But in a new interview, the star told how she suffered from "imposter syndrome" throughout her early presenting jobs. However, it was one nightmare interview that left the star "completely floundering" after she was so desperate to prove she could do her new role on the ITV programme. A couple of months after joining This Morning, the star interviewed then-Prime Minister, Gordon Brown. READ MORE: Victoria Beckham spent eye-watering sum for her dazzling wedding look Addressing her "awful" interviewing of the politician, Holly said: "The worst thing was that so many people in the industry had said I couldn’t do that job. "I wanted to prove myself." The mother-of-three said that she had discussed the move to interview the politician at length with the show's crew. Explaining what had gone wrong, Holly explained: "Then when it came to the interview I was trying to read out questions from the script. "I was saying words I didn’t even understand, mangling up sentences and completely floundering," she added. The star continued to say that she will "never be perfect" as a presenter. "The biggest lesson I’ve learnt is that being myself works. I have to trust in myself," she said to Daily Mail's Weekend Magazine. Ahead of her ITV presenting role, Holly was scouted by a top model agency when she was just 14 and then started appearing on teen girls' magazines. DON'T MISS...Johnny Depp accused of sex assault on Amber 'with bottle', court heard [INSIGHT]Emma Willis admits family home with husband Matt is a 'disaster' [ANALYSIS]Sandra Bullock on seeing Channing Tatum strip after lingering look [UPDATE] In 2002, she got her first taste of TV presenting and appeared on numerous children’s programmes, such as Xchange and CBBC at the Fame Academy. Four years later, Holly was chosen to co-present ITV’s Dancing on Ice with Phillip Schofield. She remained in the role until 2011, when she was replaced with Christine Lampard, but returned to present the series in 2018. From 2008 until 2020, Holly appeared as a team captain on ITV’s Celebrity Juice, which is still hosted by its original presenter Keith Lemon.