Paris Saint-Germain could be set for an exodus this summer, with a whole host of stars being linked with moves away from the club. And that means the Parisians could look very different by the time the 2022/23 season gets underway. PSG possess one of the best squads in European football and were expected to launch an assault on the Champions League title this campaign. But Mauricio Pochettino’s men were dumped out of the competition by Real Madrid in the round of 16 after blowing a two-goal aggregate lead. Lionel Messi, who joined the club last summer after leaving Barcelona, has underwhelmed in France, while Neymar has had a season to forget as well. The duo have been tipped to move to the MLS at the end of the campaign, while Kylian Mbappe could be on his way to Real Madrid. With the futures of Angel di Maria, Mauro Icardi and Leandro Paredes up in the air as well, the Ligue 1 leaders may have to overhaul their team in the coming months. And Express Sport takes a look at how PSG could look next season. Goalkeeper - Donnarumma Gianluigi Donnarumma joined PSG from AC Milan last summer, days after helping Italy win Euro 2020. The 23-year-old has kept eight clean sheets in his 22 appearances for the French side and is contracted to the club until 2026. So he looks certain to still be around next season. READ MORE: Three players Arsenal can sign to fix issue Ian Wright has picked out    Defence - Hakimi, Ramos, Kimpembe, Mendes PSG’s backline could look very familiar next season, even if they do have an exodus on their hands. Right-back Achraf Hakimi, who joined the club from Inter Milan last summer, has impressed during his debut campaign and will be a key player for the side once again next time around. Nuno Mendes has been PSG’s first-choice left-back since joining on loan from Sporting Lisbon. And the French side could snap the 19-year-old up on a permanent basis. Presnel Kimpembe has been a regular in the team this season and should keep his place, while PSG will be hoping they can get a productive season out of Sergio Ramos, who has struggled with injuries this season. Midfield – Pogba, Pereira PSG have been tipped to sign 2018 World Cup winner Paul Pogba from Manchester United when his contract expires at the end of the season. And the club would then try to reinvigorate the 29-year-old to get the best out of a player who has disappointed for large parts of his career at Old Trafford. Pogba could line-up alongside Danilo Pereira at the heart of the side’s midfield. DON'T MISSTen Hag has already failed first Sir Alex Ferguson test ahead of Man Utd moveReal Madrid have a chance to sign a better striker than Mbappe and wound BarcelonaLiverpool icon Jamie Carragher tears into Man Utd over Cristiano Ronaldo - 'Embarrassing'   Forwards – Salah, Ronaldo, Lewandowski, Draxler PSG will need to go all-out to sign new forwards if they do lose Messi, Neymar and Mbappe. And the Parisians could prise Mohamed Salah away from Liverpool if the Egypt international refuses to put pen-to-paper on a new contract at Anfield. Salah has one more year remaining on his current deal - but Reds chiefs could be willing to let him leave this summer to prevent him walking away on a free transfer in 2023. PSG could also attempt to sign Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United. Ronaldo has scored 21 goals since returning to Old Trafford for a second spell. But he has been criticised at times and could be tempted to move on. The Portugal forward could line-up alongside Robert Lewandowski if PSG can thrash out a deal to persuade Bayern Munich to part ways with the Poland ace. Meanwhile, Julian Draxler could win his place back on the left wing after playing second fiddle to Neymar. PSG certainly have the funds to match their ambitions. And with those signings bedding themselves in at the Parc des Princes, they would surely have their best ever chance of finally winning the Champions League. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 