Carla Connor (Alison King) will find herself in trouble with Simon Barlow (Alex Bain) and Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne) when Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney) sets off on a mission to get boyfriend Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan) a job. Will Carla and Peter's relationship suffer as Simon continues to struggle with Jacob's presence in Coronation Street? In upcoming scenes, Amy turns up at the factory and begs Carla to give Jacob a job. The businesswoman is caught off-guard but admires Amy's forcefulness. She offers Jacob a trial but Simon feels betrayed by the move. Carla's forced to face Simon, Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor), Nick Tilsley (Ben Price), Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) and Peter. They all hit out at the factory boss and struggle to understand the motive behind her act of kindness. Read more: Coronation Street theory: Elaine Jones dead as history repeats itself Simon accuses her of being disloyal but Carla stands by her decision. The angry teenager arrives at the factor and publically shames Jacob for his drug-dealing past. Jacob is humiliated in front of his new co-workers as Carla tries to calm Simon down. Simon tells Jacob he will never forgive him for dragging him into the drug-dealing world. He warns he better watch his back if he plans to stick around in Weatherfield. Peter hasn't always been there for his son and may feel he has to make a stand over Jacob. Will he issue Carla with an ultimatum ordering her to fire Jacob or risk losing him? Carla hasn't always had the smoothest of journeys in Weatherfield and clearly believes Jacob deserves a second chance. DON'T MISSCoronation Street theory: Yasmeen Nazir's seret illness uncovered [INSIGHT]Bill Roache health: Actor says 'stress' is 'worst thing' for health [INTERVIEW]Coronation Street theory: Aggie Bailey to exit with new lover [THEORY] Will Carla and Peter's relationship come to an end if Simon continues to clash with Jacob? Later, Simon overhears Jacob making a suspicious phone call. Simon jumps to conclusions and believes Jacob is planting drugs in Victoria Gardens for a client. The teenager confronts Jacob and demands he hand over the drugs before anyone gets hurt. However, Simon is left embarrassed when Jacob reveals he was planting a packet of custard creams. The mix-up gives the teenagers a chance to sit down and talk. Jacob opens up on the life of hell he endured working for Harvey Gaskill (Will Mellor). He explains how he jumped at the chance to leave the drug dealing world behind as soon as Harvey was behind bars. Simon begins to look at him in a new light but how long will their tentative friendship last and will there be wider repercussions if the teenager continues to harbour a grudge against Jacob? Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.