Belgian Member of European Parliament, Guy Verhofstadt called for tougher action against Russia in a frustrated speech to his colleagues and members of the Commission. Mr Verhofstadt condemned current sanctions imposed by the European Union as incompetent because “progressive packages of sanctions with an autocrat doesn’t work.” The EU is currently following a staggered sanction process against Russia in an attempt to force Putin to withdraw his armed forces from Ukraine.    “That works with a democracy, with democrats who have a public opinion”, explained Verhofstadt, “in Russia, there is no longer a real public opinion.” The Belgian MEP was quick to criticise the new EU trade sanctions against Russia, saying “the reality is that it doesn't work”. The EU has introduced a fifth set of sanctions which includes restrictions against the import of Russian coal and the removal of some Russian banks from Swift. “It’s ridiculous,” claimed the Belgian MEP, coal is “only 3 percent of imports from Russia.” Speaking of the removal of selected Russian banks from Swift, the global banking network, Mr Verhofstadt found fault in that “more than 50 percent of the financial institutions are still outside the ban.”    Powerful Russian business leaders, or oligarchs, are expecting to largely escape the most recent sanctions. Verhofstadt argues these powerful individuals are not likely to be hindered by the weak sanctions that will only cause them to “lose a little bit of their money.” “You need to tackle the 6,000 people around Putin, the real people working with Putin,” Mr Verhofstadt demanded of the EU. His fierce speech was met with applause from fellow MEPs as he urged the bloc to reconsider their current course of action. “These people you need to tackle,” pleaded Verhofstadt, “it's time to change your strategy.” Read more: Putin humiliated as Russia 'doomed' to 'last days' of Soviet Union The Belgian representative is one of 212 MEPs who have signed an open letter addressed to the European Council calling for the harshest possible sanctions to be imposed in order to starve Russia of resources. The open letter has emerged largely in response to the accusations of Russian war crimes in Bucha but also to the devastation of Mariupol and other areas of Ukraine. Horrific images of civilian bloodshed have emerged from the Ukrainian town of Bucha after Russian troops withdrew from the region. President Zelenskyy has described the evidence emerging from Bucha and other regions of Ukraine as genocide by the Russian forces. Don't miss:Would you pay more for energy bills to cut off ALL Russian gas?  [POLL]Car crashes into Russian Embassy and bursts into flames [VIDEO]Ukrainian girls forced to 'cut their hair' to avoid being raped [REVEAL] The 212 MEPs that have so far signed the letter demand for harsher sanctions against Russia, including a “full oil, gas and coal embargo”, a restriction the EU remains reluctant to enforce. The statement also highlights an “urgent need to send more weaponry and military equipment including tanks, armoured vehicles, heavy artillery, anti-ship missiles, and more sophisticated anti-aircraft protection systems.” Mr Verhofstadt also called for the “full package of sanctions immediately.” He claimed other approaches will “prolong the war” and any delay in the current situation will “mean more killings on the Ukrainian side.”   