On Monday, it was announced the Government was proceeding with plans to privatise the broadcaster. Channel 4 is currently owned by the Government and receives its funding from advertising. A spokesperson for the broadcaster said it was "disappointed" with the decision over the privatisation. But they added it would "continue to engage" with the Government on the process to "ensure that Channel 4 continues to play its unique part in Britain's creative ecology and national life". However, political commentator and trade union activist Paul Embery launched a furious attack against Channel 4, accusing the broadcaster of bias. He tweeted: "I oppose the sell-off of Channel 4. But if you didn't see it coming, you weren't looking. "The channel was never going to get away with so blatantly and repeatedly flouting its duty to be balanced and impartial." This comes with a Tory MP questioning if the Government's plans to proceed with plans to privatise Channel 4 are "revenge", adding many Conservatives believe the move is "payback time" for "biased coverage". In a series of tweets, Julian Knight, who is chairman of the Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee (DCMS), addressed what he said was the "elephant in the room time". He wrote: "Is this being done for revenge for Channel 4's biased coverage of the likes of Brexit and personal attacks on the PM? The timing of the announcement 7pm, coinciding with Channel 4 news, was very telling..." Mr Knight made clear the views in his tweets were his own and not those of the "committee more generally". READ MORE: Irish charity boss launches extraordinary attack on Brexit Britain The Tory MP said: "It is certainly true that Channel 4 will have greater freedom to compete once privatised and if managed well it should be able to continue to innovate and, crucially, appeal to young audiences - a real USP in today's broadcast landscape. "However, this is a big risk. The question has to be, do you think a restricted but brilliant small state broadcaster will part-compete with the likes of Apple and Amazon, or does it need to be able to borrow and grow in a way only privatisation can unlock? "In all this, it's crucial the Government protects the prominence of all public service broadcasting through the new media bill, in order to give the likes of a new privatised Channel 4 a head start. "Undoubtedly, across much of the party - there is a feeling of payback time and the word privatisation tickles the ivories of many. DON'T MISSOutlander's Sam Heughan labels Channel 4 privatisation 'depressing' [COMMENTS]Dan Wootton weighs in on Government's Channel 4 privatisation plan [VIDEO]Gary Lineker blasts Tory MP over ‘misinformation’ on Channel 4 sale [OPINION] "The money is irrelevant - equivalent to four days' national debt interest - so it must be used to support skills in creative sectors. He concluded: "So, to sum up. Privatisation - even for some wrong reasons - can work for C4 but must be part of a thorough overhaul of all public service broadcasting. If this is in the media bill I will support the Government. "Finally, these are my views not those of the committee more generally." Former Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt said he felt "uneasy" about the Channel 4 privatisation. He told Times Radio: "I'm not against privatisation of big national monopolies. But I believe in competition. "I think one of the reasons that we have a really healthy, vibrant media is because we give the BBC a very good run for its money when it comes not just to the big commercially successful programming, but also things like news and documentaries, and Times Radio is very important in that respect, but I think Channel 4 is as well. "I wouldn't like to see that competitive pressure on the BBC reduced."