Experts from Online Betting Guide (OLBG) have named David Tennant, who was the 10th Doctor, as the most likely to replace Jodie as the new Doctor Who. The BBC announced Jodie would be leaving the role in which she has starred as since 2017. Jodie made history as the first female Doctor, and although there has been much speculation on who will be the next face of the classic show, it seems it could be someone who's taken on the part previously. The company named David, 50, as having a 60 percent chance of reprising the role, with odds of 4/6. Although official lips have remained sealed, Whovians have continued to take guesses on one of the BBC's best-kept secrets. The show last aired in December 2021, and the next instalment will see the series marking its 60th anniversary. David was a huge hit with Doctor Who fans when he took on the first role of the revived series back in 2005. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... He brought the show back from the 1980s alongside Billie Piper, who starred as his the Doctor's sidekick Rose Tyler. The Scottish actor left the series in 2010, passing the baton to The Crown actor Matt Smith. It seems many fans would love to see David back as the sixth decade of the show is celebrated. All kinds of names have been thrown into mix when it comes to Doctor Who replacement speculation. With regards to Dyer, Bookmaker Coral recently stated: "Danny Dyer is leaving Eastenders to look for new challenges and many punters believe one of his first new roles will come in Doctor Who as the Time Lord. "Dyer has been well backed in our betting and he is the clear favourite now ahead of Lydia West and Olly Alexander." It seems the favourite choice continues to change regularly - but who will eventually be confirmed as the official 14th Doctor? Doctor Who is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.  READ MORE: Peaky Blinders ending explained: What happened to Finn Shelby? [LATEST]Peaky Blinders' Finn Cole 'heartbroken' over end of BBC series [REACTION]Ralf Little slaps down ‘easy’ Death in Paradise role comments [VIDEO]