Climate group Just Stop Oil said it had blocked "critical" sites in London, Birmingham and Southampton from around 4am this morning. Activists also blocked terminals in Purfleet and Grays, Essex, which they said were the biggest in the country, and Hertfordshire. The group tweeted: "Fed up with a government burning your future - join us on the road."  The activists are calling for the UK government to stop funding all new investments in oil, gas and coal. Just Stop Oil has vowed to continue disrupting the UK’s oil infrastructure until the government agrees to halt all new licences for fossil fuel projects in the country. Protesters were pictured sitting in the road to block oil tankers from leaving sites, while others climbed on top of the tankers. The demonstrations have reportedly forced Exxon Mobil, one of the country’s largest privately owned underground oil pipeline distribution networks, to temporarily suspend operations at some of its sites. Exxon Mobil has confirmed that "small protests" were taking place at their fuel terminals in Hythe, Birmingham and West London. A statement on the groups' website said: “The Just Stop Oil coalition is demanding an end to the government’s genocidal policy of expanding UK oil and gas production and is calling on all those outraged at the prospect of climate collapse and suffering from the cost of living crisis to stand with us.  “Ordinary people can no longer afford oil and gas, it’s time to Just Stop Oil. It’s funding war and killing people in the global south, while destroying the future for young people everywhere.” Extinction Rebellion has said it was supporting the action. The group reportedly organised three of the demonstrations at the Esso West Terminal near London Heathrow Airport, Hamble Terminals in Southampton and Hythe Terminal in Fawley, Hampshire. Just Stop Oil said that more than 30 people climbed on top of oil tankers at the Navigator Oil Terminal in Thurrock, Essex.  In a video posted to the group's twitter account, activist Cameron Ford, a 31-year-old carpenter, said he had locked his neck to a fuel tanker at the Buncefield Oil Depot. In a direct message to the government, he said: “They’re just not getting it, and other than putting my body on the line in this way, if they can’t listen to science then I don’t know what else to do.” Essex Police said six people had been arrested since the protests began early this morning. The force tweeted: "We are currently dealing with three incidents in #Thurrock, where a group of people are reportedly blocking the roads. "Six people have been arrested so far. "It is impacting Navigator Fuel Centre, Esso in #Purfleet, and Askew Farm Lane. "Drivers are asked to avoid the area." West Midlands Police are also responded to protests at a site in Tyburn, Birmingham. The force tweeted: "We're currently responding to activists at a site in Tyburn, Birmingham. "We are working to deal with this as quickly as possible. Delays are expected this morning on the following roads: Wood Lane, Bromford Lane & Tyburn Road."  Exxon Mobil UK said: “Small protests are currently underway outside our Hythe, Birmingham and West London fuel terminals. “While we respect the right to peaceful protest, our priority is the safety of our people, our neighbours, the protestors and our operations. “We are working with the police to ensure that safety is maintained. We apologise to anyone from the local community or beyond experiencing any inconvenience resulting from the actions today of this group. “We have temporarily suspended operations from these locations. Our other terminals at Purfleet and Avonmouth are not affected. We request that the protestors allow us to resume our lawful business.”  Members of the campaign group tied their necks to goalposts at Premier League games in recent weeks to demand the government ends fossil fuel projects. Louis McKecknie, 21, from Weymouth, tied his neck to a goalpost at Goodison Park, Everton football club's ground, last month as part of the campaign. He told the Guardian: “I don’t want to be doing this but our genocidal government gives me no choice. “They know that oil is funding Putin’s war and pushing millions of people into fuel poverty while energy companies reap billions in profits. "They know that to allow more oil and gas extraction in the UK is suicidal and will accelerate global heating. It means millions dying of heat stress, losing their homes or having to fight for food. This is the future for my generation, I stop when oil stops.” The action is part of a planned series of protests against UK oil infrastructure by a colation of environmental groups. Extinction Rebellion is beginning its next wave of protests on 9 April, when activists are expected to convene in Hyde Park, London, for extended action. Seperate demonstrations are also expected across the country in the coming days over the cost-of-living crisis. MORE TO FOLLOW...