Manchester United players accuse each other of not training hard enough, according to reports. Ralf Rangnick was hired after the departure of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer earlier in the campaign with board members believing he could turn their season around. But that hasn’t happened, with the Red Devils continuing to toil. Rangnick arrived with a big reputation, having previously worked wonders at the likes of RB Leipzig, Schalke and Hoffenheim over in Germany. But United have exited the Champions League and FA Cup under his watch, while they’re also primed to miss out on a place in the top four for the first time since 2019. The players have come on for criticism as a result and, now, The Athletic say team-mates accuse each other of not training hard enough behind the scenes. There’s division at the club, with relationships strained as results continue to go from bad to worse. Publicly, Rangnick has plenty to say and has made it known that United require a substantial rebuild at the end of the season. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings But the German is also said to be quiet at times when it comes to matters in private. It’s stated that Rangnick ‘said little’ to dejected players after their recent 3-1 defeat to Arsenal. Goals from Nuno Tavares, Bukayo Saka and Granit Xhaka consigned United to a chastening loss at the Emirates Stadium last weekend. But despite Scott McTominay hinting at division in the immediate aftermath of the game, Rangnick didn’t decide to try and get everybody to come together. Since then, United have drawn 1-1 with Chelsea. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Yet while Cristiano Ronaldo continues to age like a fine wine, it was another underwhelming display. Rangnick, for his part, was reportedly shocked when he had to contend with the departures of coaches such as Michael Carrick, Kieran McKenna and Martyn Pert. And his coaching replacements haven’t impressed the squad in the slightest, no matter how hard they’ve tried. Rangnick has been announced as the new manager of the Austria national team. This was done on Friday, though the German will continue to work with United in a consultancy role for the next two years. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And how that works remains to be seen, with Rangnick’s new role with United yet to be clarified. Speaking about the job he’s taking at Austria, meanwhile, the 63-year-old said: "It's an honour for me to take on the role of team boss. “I’m particularly excited about the prospect of contesting the European Championships in Germany with a young team hungry for success." But United legend Gary Neville isn’t happy and feels Rangnick can’t continue with the club. “Manchester United’s Sporting Director or consultant can he really be going looking at Austrian players, week in, week out?” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “And then selecting them for the national team? “The Austrian national team has pride, great country and some great players so he’ll have to watch players all week then he’s going to go and coach them for two weeks in September, October, November and March. “So you’re saying to yourself what’s happening with the Manchester United consultancy advice? “Where is the priority? There’s a conflict there. I don’t see that. "I don’t see how that can work, you’re a national team manager and I’ve worked under a national team manager, that national team manager has got to present week in, week out, Saturday, Wednesday, Saturday, Tuesday and he can’t be here at Old Trafford every week watching an Austrian player play."