When upgrading a home to add value, it can be tempting to splash out thousands on new features, fixtures and fittings. However, TV property expert Phil Spencer has explained that this may not be the best route to take when it comes to adding value to a home. In a video for Rated People, Phil shared how to add value to a property in the kitchen and bathroom. The Location, Location, Location star said updating kitchens and bathrooms is “a very popular way of adding value to a property”. He continued: “A kitchen is not just about cooking - they’re not quite such utilitarian space anymore. “They really are the hub of the home.” Bathrooms are also now viewed as luxurious spaces that are not just about being practical, but being able to relax. READ MORE: How to keep cut flowers fresh with just white vinegar and sugar  Phil described bathrooms as being a “sanctuary” that’s not just about washing. However, Phil’s “golden rule” for adding value to a home in the kitchen or bathroom is matching the cost of fixtures and fittings with the home itself. He explained: “Kitchens and bathrooms really do help sell properties. “The golden rule, as far as I’m concerned, is to make sure that the price bracket of your fixtures and fittings matches the price bracket of your property. DON'T MISSWeeds: Use baking soda to quickly get rid of ‘stubborn’ patio weeds [INSIGHT]How to clean your patio without a pressure washer [UPDATE]Monty Don's three jobs for the weekend - including pruning hydrangeas [ANALYSIS] “They just need to work together. “Your taps, your surfaces, your oven - those kinds of things - need to suit the property. “What I mean by that it, there is no point putting a £15,000 kitchen into a property that’s worth £100,000. “Equally, there’s no point putting a £5,000 kitchen into a property worth £500,000.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The location of a property can have a huge impact on its value. Similar types of properties in different areas will have significantly different prices. Buyers are likely to pay more in a desirable area with good schools and transport links. Off-street parking, a south-facing garden and curb appeal are also likely to increase value.   Homeowners should also be aware of the type, size and age of their home. Detached homes often come with a premium while flats can have a ceiling price. However, older properties with character and period features, or newer homes with up-to-date fittings and a better EPC rating can also impact value. All of these factors should be taken into consideration before undergoing any major renovation work that can impact on a home’s value.