Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick has pinpointed three crucial things that would help Erik ten Hag succeed at the club. On Friday, Rangnick spoke for the first time since United confirmed the appointment of Ten Hag as their next permanent manager. On Thursday, the Red Devils announced that Ten Hag had signed a three-year contract until 2025 with the option of a further year. The Ajax boss will replace Rangnick in the Old Trafford dugout as he enters a two-year consultancy role within the club's structure. And Rangnick has now spoken for the first time since Ten Hag's impending M16 arrival was confirmed. In his press conference on Friday, he explained that he's confident of success if the 52-year-old gets a full pre-season with his new squad and has the freedom to build his own staff and team. He told reporters: "We don't know each other in person. From what I've seen of him with Bayern Munich and Ajax now, I like his football, and I'm pretty positive with a full pre-season and having the chance to build and mould his own staff with a new team, I'm pretty sure we'll see a different team and improvement on the pitch." JUST IN: Hamilton confirms he wants to buy Chelsea, clears up Arsenal claim Rangnick also admitted that after learning that Ten Hag was one of the club's candidates, he recommended the Dutchman. "I knew that Erik [ten Hag] was one of the candidates," he added. "I told them [the board] from what I had seen, and what I've heard from others that have worked with Erik, that he'd be a good choice." Rangnick will work with Ten Hag upon his Old Trafford arrival as part of a fresh structure involving football director John Murtough, technical director Darren Fletcher and new chief executive Richard Arnold. United are also overhauling their scouting system after the club's two leading scouts, Jim Lawlor and Marcel Bout, departed this month. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp wary of Man Utd 'strike back' with Ten Hag Amid reports that United's recruitment process was underway ahead of the summer transfer window, Rangnick refused to be drawn into talk whilst there are still games to play. He said: "I don't know. This is a question for the board. My focus is on the last remaining games. It's better you speak to the board." A vast rebuild is expected at Old Trafford with Ten Hag at the helm across the coming years, starting with this summer. But full focus remains on the final five fixtures of the campaign as United try and reignite their fading hopes of a top-four finish this weekend. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here