Erik ten Hag is said to be optimistic he can convince Christian Eriksen to ignore the lure of an emotional return to Tottenham and join Manchester United instead. New reports claim Ten Hag believes Eriksen to be the perfect signing for the Red Devils next season. The Danish playmaker has been in excellent form for Brentford since his return to competitive football in February, which came 259 days after he suffered a cardiac arrest on the pitch at Euro 2020. The 30-year-old has one goal and two assists in seven matches for the Bees but is out of contract at the end of the season, when several clubs plan to try and sign him on a free transfer. Among those clubs are Tottenham, whom Eriksen played for between 2013 and 2020. But Ten Hag, United's next manager, wants the attacking midfielder at Old Trafford next season according to the Daily Star. It is claimed the Dutchman sees Eriksen as the perfect addition to the squad and is confident he can convince him to join. That's despite United looking unlikely to have Champions League football to offer to Eriksen, with Tottenham boasting greater odds of a top-four finish. Still, Ten Hag hopes the project of reviving a giant club like United is one that can help persuade Eriksen. Ten Hag saw the player up close earlier this year when Eriksen trained with his Ajax team as he worked his way back to full fitness. The Denmark international had to be released by Inter Milan because he now has an implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD) device fitted. Professional athletes are not allowed ICDs in Italy, but they are allowed in England. The report also claims Ten Hag was impressed by Eriksen at Ajax, as were all of his players at the Dutch champions. The midfielder came through their academy and made his professional debut at the Amsterdam Arena, playing there until he joined Spurs in 2013. The new United boss is said to have watched on in awe of Eriksen's exploits for Brentford and is ready to make a move to sign him given he will be available for nothing. But Spurs' Antonio Conte has made it clear he would love to sign Eriksen too. Conte was the Inter manager who prised the player from Spurs in January 2020. Though Eriksen's spell in Italy did not work out, he has a strong connection with the north Londoners, for whom he played 305 times and directly contributed to 159 goals. Discussing his future to Sky Sports this week, Eriksen said: "I don't know. I'm just enjoying the moment, every game is really fun to play in. What happens in the summer will be a decision for me as a footballer and as a family man. "Everything is open. I've been taken good care of at Brentford, they've really shown me a lot of love and trying to repay them for what they've showed me. Every option is open, either at Brentford or anywhere else."