Manchester United legend Gary Neville claims that he enjoyed Atletico Madrid's antics in their controversial goalless draw with Manchester City on Wednesday night. The match descended into chaos during the closing stages as the Spanish side grew frustrated at their inability to claw their way back into the tie. The stakes were high at the Wanda Metropolitano after a tight first leg that saw City head to Spain with a 1-0 lead. Atletico came out of their infamous low block and asked questions of the Sky Blues on Wednesday, but they ultimately failed to make up the deficit. Frustrations boiled over towards the end of the game as Felipe was sent off for a second yellow card. Many felt that his centre-back partner, Stefan Savic, should have followed him after attempting to drag a seemingly injured Phil Foden off the pitch by his shirt. The ugly scenes continued in the tunnel after the final whistle with Aymeric Laporte and Scott Carson involved in the bust-up, which saw several police officers go charging in after them. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag urged to sign 'next Ruud van Nistelrooy' when he joins Man Utd - EXCLUSIVE Many onlookers were disgusted by the antics which, on the face of it, seemed to be instigated by the home side. On the other hand, Neville said on social media: "I loved the Real Madrid v Chelsea match. Unpopular view but I loved the Atletico Madrid v City match too. "I know most were disappointed with the Atletico Madrid behaviour, but I sort of enjoyed it. Try and find a way to win, even if you're inferior in talent. City’s players will be proud this morning in overcoming it!" DON'T MISS...Arsenal's new-look XI if Gabriel to Barcelona swap deal helps solve striker issueErik ten Hag planning Man Utd backroom staff team 'with three on shortlist'Villarreal ace Capoue rubs sult in Bayern boss Nagelsmann's wounds Diego Simeone struggled to keep his cool after the fiery affair which finished with an Atletico technical area full of revved-up players and staff. The Argentine coach then suggested that he felt disrespected by Pep Guardiola, who seemed to take a sly dig at Atletico's defensive set-up in the first leg, before storming out out of his post-match press conference. Guardiola managed to keep a level head after advancing to the Champions League semi-finals, taking the time to clear up his first leg comments. Real Madrid await in the final four after their enthralling two-legged contest with Chelsea that ended with an extra-time Karim Benzema winner. City may be working with depleted resources at full-back, however, as Kyle Walker was substituted with an ankle injury and Joao Cancelo faces a suspension. Attention in the Sky Blues' camp will now turn towards a daunting FA Cup semi-final against Liverpool on Saturday. The Reds had a much simpler assignment this week as their entertaining 3-3 draw with Benfica was rendered irrelevant by their comfortable 3-1 first-leg lead. It remains to be seen if City's taxing affair in Madrid will have taken its toll by the time the two English heavyweights take to the field at Wembley.