Dragons' Den star Sara Davis, 37, met her husband Simon Davies, 41, over two decades ago. The entrepreneur revealed she became the talk of a rumour mill at her school after her pals found out she had been dating an older man. The BBC favourite, who took part in Strictly Come Dancing last year, left podcast host Gaby Roslin shell-shocked after she revealed her now-husband is a few years older than her. Sara, who was previously the youngest investor in the show's history when she joined Dragons' Den, said their relationship caused quite a stir when they began dating in their late teens. When asked how she met her husband, the BBC star revealed they started dating when she was still at school. "I met boyfriend now husband when I was 15," Sara explained. READ MORE: Denise Welch's stalker jailed for seven years after starting fire Gaby commented: "Oh wow. I didn't realise." The Dragons' Den star continued: "Simon was four years older than me and Simon is really naturally bright." "Sorry, woah, woah, woah," Gaby interjected, "You were 15 and he was 19?" Sara chuckled: "I can tell you, Gaby, it was quite the scandal at the time."  The podcast host remarked: "He was 20. Blimey." "No, he was 19," Sara corrected. She then recalled a time during her school days when she had been grilled about her relationship with her peers. The entrepreneur said: "I remember one day at school and one of the popular kids came up to me. DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway's accused of supporting privatisation of NHS[LATEST]Sir Rod Stewart mistakes snapper for homeless person and hands him £20[ADMISSION]Britney Spears strips naked in pool as singer goes topless in clip[PICTURES] "I could see she was coming up to me and I was shaking." She went on: "I'm thinking, 'She's coming to talk to me. What's she going to say?' "She stood up in my face and said, 'Is it true that you're dating a 25-year-old?'" Speaking on That Gaby Roslin podcast, Sara added: "I said, 'No, he's 19.' It had obviously got around the school and had been exaggerated. But the popular kids couldn't believe that A, I had a boyfriend and B, that he had his own car. That was really cool." The couple, who tied the knot in 2007, are now the proud parents of two children - Oliver and Charlie. She joined the cast of Dragons' Den in 2019, 13 years after being invited to pitch on the show. The BBC programme sees entrepreneurs present business ideas to a panel of millionaires, who are looking to invest their own money. Sara is joined on the show by original cast member Peter Jones, as well as Deborah Meaden, Touker Suleyman and Steven Bartlett. Dragons' Den airs tonight on BBC One at 8pm.