Meghan married Prince Harry in May 2018 and this officially made her a member of the British Royal Family. Prior to her first meeting with Her Majesty, it was reported that the 40-year-old underwent tea lessons, as part of her etiquette training. Speaking on this week's episode of their podcast, Royally Obsessed, hosts Rachel Bowie and Roberta referred to a comment that had been left by a listener about Meghan's previously training on how to do "royal tea". Host Roberta says a viewer named Rachel left a comment and was going to the listener email that they will speak about. Roberta said: "We got a note from Rachel, who praised the pod and was so sweet and also wanted to share a royally adjacent tidbit" The comment, read out on the podcast by Roberta, read: "I live in the Pasadena area, about 90 minutes from Harry and Meghan in Montecito" "My sweet friends Mary and Edmund Fry own the Rose Tree Cottage in Pasadena where Meghan went to learn how to take afternoon tea before meeting the Queen for the first time" "Andrew Morton writes about Meghan's several trips to the Rose Tree Cottage in his book, Meghan: A Hollywood Princess" "Speaking of Andrew Morton, this is Rachel, she writes, I run into Andrew frequently at royally inspired events around Pasadena" READ MORE: Andrew 'manipulated' Queen 'for his own gain' despite health scare with royals 'dismayed' "He oftens says Pasadena is 'Meghan central' due to the many connections she has to the city" "One of her previous boyfriends is an real estate agent here and she was also Homecoming Queen at St. Francis High School, an all-boys school located 10 minutes away" Co-host Rachel Bowie said: "Fascinating, what a great email" Roberta adds: "I love the on-the-ground sleuthing from this" "I think there's so many connections to Meghan even just in that little area" The hosts also noted that Andrew Morton, a royal biography author, lives there now. READ MORE: Princess Anne eased Beatrice & Eugenie's 'rather tense' body language at memorial service And she added: "This is Archetypes - the podcast where we dissect, explore, and subvert the labels that try to hold women back. "I'll have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives. "And I'll talk to historians to understand how we even got here in the first place." Meghan now resides in the US with Prince Harry and their two children, Archie and Lilibet. Their move to the states came after the couple made a decision to "step back" permanently from royal duties in February last year.