Queen Elizabeth loves both Drambuie whisky and chocolate, which is what former royal chef Darren McGrady combined to make the monarch’s favourite mousse. What is the recipe? The recipe originally shared by the Queen’s personal chef in the 1990s is reportedly one of the Queen’s favourite desserts.  It contains indulgent dark chocolate and warming Drambuie and can be prepared in advance, leaving the home cook time to also enjoy the occasion, which will be perfect for Easter. Darren McGrady has commented on his inspiration behind the recipe. "This is a chocolate mousse that I made for the Queen at Buckingham place for banquets and entertaining but also for Balmoral too, for picnics and BBQs in the hills. “It's no secret that the Queen loves chocolate, and the darker chocolate the better. “For the whisky, I'm using Drambuie because I love the flavours in there. “The gorgeous herbs, spices and honey in there all go together to create an incredible chocolate mousse."       Also, to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee and its many festivities this summer, Drambuie’s mixologist Freddy May has created a special twist on the UK’s trending Espresso Martini cocktail, inspired by Her Majesty’s love of both Drambuie and Scotland. The Scots Guards Whisky Espresso Martini is a delicious celebratory drink that has been named after the iconic British Army regiment, who famously guard Buckingham Palace and perform the Trooping of the Colour on the Queen’s official birthday. Freddy suggests pairing it with the rich and indulgent Drambuie Chocolate Mousse. “I was shaking and making these cocktails in Edinburgh bars 20 years ago, during The Queen's Golden Jubilee, and it's a true Scottish twist on Dick Bradsell's original Espresso Martini,” the drink’s creator, mixologist Freddy May told Express.co.uk. “I've never forgotten how much better they tasted to me than the vodka version of the cocktail, and now I've updated the recipe to feature Scotland's most famous whisky liqueur. I’ve been making delicious and interesting drinks with Drambuie honeyed liqueur for many years. “During that time, I’ve come to realise this unique spirit comes alive when we embrace its generous butterscotch aromas and rich texture. Drambuie is a luxurious treat fit for a Jubilee celebration and perfect for sharing with friends and loved ones.”   25ml Drambuie Honeyed Liqueur 25ml Scotch Whisky 50ml Espresso or strong cold brew coffee, decaffeinated if preferred Lots of ice Pour all ingredients over ice and shake vigorously before pouring into a chilled martini glass. 