Steve and Suzie Fletcher have become fan favourites on the BBC show The Repair Shop since their arrival. Expert in leather and saddles, Suzie joined the show after she came back from living in America, where her brother Steve managed to initially get her a small part in the show. However, she has since become one of the show's main experts and has recently opened up about her love for her Repair Shop "family." Before joining the show, Suzie lived in America for 22 years, working as a top saddle maker but returned to the UK after the death of her husband. Steve encouraged her to join the show, even if she was doing small jobs around the workshop, but she soon became an integral part of the team. Speaking on the Relatively podcast, Suzie described coming home from America and the "wonderful opportunity" it was to reunite with her siblings and join the show with Steve. Suzie exclaimed: "It is amazing, it is, it's really lovely, but the interesting thing is I don't feel like I am working with my brother because I feel like I am working with a family. READ MORE: Cillian Murphy says goodbye to Peaky Blinders "The Repair Shop is a family, a lot of life happens in the background between all of us and we all share and support each other. "I have been told by many people that the warmth and closeness comes across on the programme, which, I love hearing. "It is everybody from the top-down and the down up and people that come and go, everybody has played a crucial role. "I mean that most sincerely, it is a team of people that I find extraordinary, and I appreciate every single one of them and getting to know them!" Podcast host Catherine Carr asked whether the cast had any nicknames for each other, to which Steve laughed and said: "I couldn't say, it is very rude." Suzie agreed and joked: "No, I am sorry, but that is only within the family." Steve also touched on how he managed to get Suzie a job at The Repair Shop and described it as a "lovely opportunity." "It wasn't keeping an eye on her, it was a lovely opportunity, and I had a word with the producer. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop’s Suzie admits restoration ‘could be a disaster' [INSIGHT]The Repair Shop's Suzie Fletcher shares ‘devastating’ childhood memory [LATEST]The Repair Shop’s Steve Fletcher opens up on ‘rocky’ childhood [WATCH] "The producer said, 'Yeah, we might find her a couple of bits for her to do,' and now she's one of the main people on the show and very popular as well, and I am very proud of her!" Suzie laughed: "He said he isn't going to let me go away again!" Despite keeping busy filming the BBC show, they have their own businesses, which they run alongside the programme. Steve continues to run the family business, The Clock Workshop, which was opened by their grandfather. Suzie also has her own business outside of The Repair Shop, based in Oxfordshire and is a Master English Saddle Maker. When Suzie was a teenager, she met a local saddler named Ken Langford after her own horse's saddle broke. After hearing it wasn't fixable, Suzie was then inspired to take the equipment apart to see how it's made before attempting to put it back together, and it was this that made her realise her dream career. "Ken didn't see any reason why I shouldn't and played a huge part in my training. To this day, now in his 80's, Ken is still my mentor, second father and best friend." The Repair Shop is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.