Britain's Got Talent is back on ITV tonight (April 30) with hosts Ant McPartlin and Dec Donnelly inviting more showstopping performers to the London Palladium Theatre. Judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams are hoping to find class acts to send through to the live semi-finals. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time the competition series is back. Tonight's episode marks the fourth week of auditions and there are still some golden buzzers left to allocate. Fans will be tuning in to see if Alesha Dixon will offer someone the chance to go straight through to the semi-final. David Walliams was the last judge to offer the golden buzzer to the dance group Born To Perform. Simon Cowell's went to comedian Axel Blake and Amanda Holden's to singer Loren Allred. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Cain Dingle discovers he's not Faith's son Tonight's episode will air at 8pm and will finish at 9.20pm. The instalment comes after the latest edition of former Strictly star Oti Mabuse's new show, Romeo & Duet. At 9.20pm, the new game show The 1% Club will air, with host Lee Mack. David opened up about why he was keen to give the dance group for people with disabilities the opportunity of a lifetime. Before pressing the golden buzzer he said: "I absolutely loved it, I loved it so much that I'm doing this too!" He was quoted by Tellymix as saying: "When there's a group of people on stage, it is kind of brilliant because they're all reacting to this great thing, this golden moment. "I just felt they really deserved it. You sometimes see an act and you think, ‘This is what this show is about, celebrating something as inclusive and joyous, and life-affirming as this’, and it doesn't often happen. "If there were more groups like this in the world, the world would be a better place, is what I was thinking at the time. "They remind us what’s good in the world, and we all need reminding of that now and again." DON'T MISS... Countryfile fertiliser row: Farmer's rage but find way to cut costs [DISCUSSION] BGT slam more 'fix' claims after gospel choir backlash [VIDEO] Britain’s Got Talent viewers call out ‘staged’ water escape [DISCUSSION] Fans will also know Ant and Dec get the chance to dish out a golden buzzer. They are yet to choose their favourite act but have offered up their tactics. Knowing they are further out of reach of the buzzer, they are aware the judges are likely to get there first. With this in mind, they wait for an unusual, off-the-wall act that no one would expect. Their golden buzzer last went to comedic musician Jon Courtenay. He went on to win the competition, which last aired in 2020. The show did not air last year due to the coronavirus pandemic, so its return in 2022 was highly-anticipated. However, it has seen some backlash from viewers this year, who have raised "fix" claims. They were not happy with the fact Amanda had put through an American act who was already a professional singer. Similarly, they discovered comedian Axel already had his own comedy show.  Britain's Got Talent returns to ITV on Saturday at 8pm.