Hours of work in the garden can be ruined in spring when slugs and snails feed on young plants. Damage also doesn’t stop with foliage, the pests also feed on fruits such as strawberries and tomatoes, causing gardeners to lose crops. Luckily, there are methods to try and prevent them from damaging the garden, including using eggshells. James Partridge at Greenshop said: “While you might think of slugs and snails as greedy predators feasting on your veg patch, it’s important to remember that these pesky bugs are also prey for lots of other garden wildlife, including birds, frogs, toads, hedgehogs and even certain beetles. “So, by encouraging more of these creatures to visit your garden, you can control slugs and snails naturally. “Birds will be enticed into your garden by a feeder or bird table with some seed or nuts mix. “This also provides a vantage point where birds can spot their prey, so try to position it near the plants you want to protect. READ MORE: How to clean a shower cubicle - five things you should always do “You can also consider adding a pond to provide a haven for frogs and toads. “While encouraging predators is effective, it can take a bit of time to work.” Slugs and snails appear more during the spring months because this is when young seedlings are planted into the garden. If the pests are causing damage, the expert recommended adding some eco-friendly physical barriers. DON'T MISS:Weeds: 'Very effective' way to get rid of weeds - 'kills everything' [COMMENT]Energy: Use a hob to cook and wash clothing at a cooler temperature [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share how to ‘banish’ pollen stains with shaving foam [INSIGHT] James said: “Horticultural wool can be laid around the plant to deter slugs and snails, they struggle to move over the dry, fibrous texture. “They also struggle with sharp or rough textured surfaces, so adding some crushed eggshells or gravel mix around the base of your plants can act as a barrier.” Eggshells only act as a deterrent when they are clean and dry. When peeling an egg, try to remove the inner membrane and rinse if it is needed. Gardeners should be aware that rain quickly makes the eggshells lose their effectiveness The expert added: “If you’re getting really fed up, picking pests off and moving them. “Slugs and snails tend to be most active around dusk, when their natural predators aren’t around. “So, this is a good time to get out and pluck them off your prized plants. “Pop them into a container and move them to your compost heap, where they can munch on old cuttings instead.” Last month, the Government announced the ban on metaldehyde slug control pellets. As of now, the only type of slug pellet approved for use in gardens is those with the active ingredient ferric phosphate. It can be used around vulnerable plants, vegetables and young shoots on herbaceous plants.