The consumer champion charity is reminding people how to spot a scam after these fake adverts have recently been shared by tens of thousands of people. Although these posts appear innocent, their aim is to ask for personal information which enables fraudsters to steal money further down the line. There’s no getting away from the fact that scams are increasing sharply. The number of scams reported to Citizen’s Advice more than doubled by 123 percent in the first five months of 2021, compared with the same period in 2020. Which? has issued an urgent warning this week after 50,000 shared social media scams. Which? advised: “If you think you’ve given bank details to fraudsters, let your bank know what’s happened immediately.” READ MORE: ‘Thousands pushed into poverty’: Quarter of carers rely on food banks The spokesperson continued: “Eventually posts like these will have been seen by hundreds of thousands, if not millions of people, which will only make them appear more genuine. “As a result, the fake pages behind the posts will also build up a following. The fake Morrisons page we’ve seen has attracted more than 3,500 ‘likes’ – in other words people who are subscribed to the page’s content. “This puts those people at risk of seeing more fake posts, and sharing them again with their Facebook contacts. “If all you’ve done is share the fake posts on Facebook then you may want to reach out to your contacts and let them know not to click through on any of their links.” DON'T MISSState pension triple lock could be ‘replaced’ in future [WARNING]Do you need a TV licence if you don't watch BBC? [INSIGHT]How much council tax should you be paying? Check your band today [ALERT]   Anyone who has taken it a step further and submitted personal information via the website, should let their bank know straight away. Which? advised: “If you think you’ve given bank details to fraudsters, let your bank know what’s happened immediately.” Fraudsters posing as representatives of Amazon are targeting the public via email and telephone in a series of phishing scams. Just last week a TSB Bank customer appeared on BBC programme Scam Interceptors and disclosed how he almost lost £8,000 in a convincing Amazon subscription scam.  Although the caller didn’t lose any money on this occasion, he did come close to losing £7,999. The show expert advised: “Never give anyone access to devices. “Be cautious about being contacted out of the blue. “Remove any software the scammers asked you to install.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It’s important for people to note that their bank will will never ask people to: