Janice Robinson, 54, is known for her sensational voice and hit song Dreamer from when she was in the group Livin' Joy. The American singer had a stint on X Factor in 2018 and has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about the experience, comparing talent shows to The Hunger Games. Janice returned to the stage on the X Factor as a contestant, surprising the judging panel with the revelation that she was the voice and songwriter behind the hit Dreamer. However, the singer revealed she was "invited" onto the show, as they wanted to tell her story 20 years later. Speaking about X Factor and her thoughts on talent shows, she said: "I know people love it, but entertainment, and all the competition for me, it becomes this Hunger Games. "We're all living in this Hunger Games type thing, all those talent competition shows because of the severity of how things end in the voting. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty admits struggle as tells BBC colleague ‘ask for help’ "I'm telling you it is like modern day Hunger Games. That's just my opinion." Express.co.uk has contacted representatives at ITV for comment. The Hunger Games trilogy follows a group of children who have to compete to the death in several challenges to the thrill of viewers. Janice then furthered her point on what she thought of talent shows and how they benefit the "obscurity". She continued: "I think talent competition shows and reality shows are wonderful for the public to experience the making of someone, I think it gives people a sense of hope. "It gives people a good feeling to see someone go from obscurity to some type of notoriety. "But there is a dark side to that because in the spotlight you have to have a foundation within yourself, you need to have a sense of yourself. "As once the lights go out you have to navigate your own reality." The Dreamer singer then spoke about how she tried to nurture the young contestants on the show to make them feel better about the daunting world they were going to enter. DON'T MISS... Helen Skelton announces heartbreaking split from husband Richie Myler [COMMENT] Loose Women's Nadia Sawalha strips down to bikini in clip [VIDEO] 'You f****r!' Gary Lineker's row with motorist amid 'road rage' [OPINION] She said: "When I was on X Factor I really tried to nurture the young people. "There was one young lady and I have stayed a part of her life, Shan Iko. She reminded me of a young me, you know, 20 something, and building a career. "And I continue to stay in touch with her and I continue to help her navigate and just have a positive attitude. And she's doing really well." Janice is currently working on a documentary to talk about her lengthy career in the music industry as well as unveiling many secrets. Speaking about what she is up to at the moment, Janice said: "I'm working on the documentary, I'm raising my two daughters, Maya, she's 13, Cora is 19. "I'm doing two albums, one is a dance album and one is a piano album. "That will almost be like the soundtrack to my new documentary because the songs I wrote during really difficult times. "Really, I've had some difficulties, the documentary is going to take people on a journey through some really difficult times. But it's going to show you how I went from broken to blessed from trauma tragedy to triumphant."