One unlucky driver was fined £100, even though he was only charging his electric vehicle for five minutes. Richard Leyland spotted that an EV charging station that he had found was actually in a paid car park, but didn't realise it had particular rules. Speaking on BBC One’s Morning Live, he said: “I parked my car, stayed about five minutes and paid about £2.70 to charge my car and left. “Then two weeks later I got a £100 fine. I wrote to them [parking company] and told them I’m not intending on paying it. “I found out that you have to go into the hotel and register that you are in that car park. “It turns out dozens of people have fallen foul of that. READ MORE: Land Rover driver fined £1,000 after passing cyclist “They’ve taped a bit of A4 paper to the charger which blows in the wind. “And I was supposed to have noted that.” He claims the parking company sent him a letter threatening to send bailiffs to him, prompting to pay a fine which he believes is unfair. He added: “So this isnt enough to put me off from being an EV driver. DON'T MISSGarage owner fears 80% of his drivers hit by new red diesel law [SHOCKING]Drivers warned as holding up traffic could lead to massive £5,000 fine [WARNING]Motorists will be able to watch TV, check emails in self-driving cars [IMPORTANT] “The truth is, it's actually much more convenient to drive these cars. Once you've got it, it's convenient and it's cheap to run.” Drivers are being urged to always check the parking rules by looking for signage or simply by asking. This comes as more electric car drivers have been complaining about being fined for overstaying when charging their vehicles. An average 64kWh car will take around one hour to add 80 percent at a 50kW charger but times can vary significantly depending on the speed of the charger, the size of the car’s battery and the car’s starting charge level. One driver said he was charging his car for around 45 minutes, but was slapped with an £80 fine because he had not informed the hotel that his vehicle was charging there. Another said they were given a £120 penalty after using a charger for more than 100 minutes in a car park in London. He was fined by a parking company because the time limit was 90 minutes. Jack Cousens, head of roads policy for the AA, said: "It is unfair some EV drivers are being penalised for errors outside of their control." It is expected that traditional petrol and diesel vehicles will soon be banned from parking near electric car charging stations in a major crackdown. Currently, there is now law surrounding parking near charging points with electric car owners sometimes forced to wait for vehicles to move out of the way so they can charge. Fully-electric vehicles may also be restricted from parking in the charging bays unless they are topping up their cars.