The Foreign Office states on its website a list of requirements for British travellers to complete before heading abroad – and it differs from country to country. The list has been updated to change the requirements of entry to Spain. Previously, every traveller entering Spain had to fill out a Travel Health Control form. They would then receive a QR code to present at the airport upon arrival. But now the rules have changed and travellers do not need to fill out the health form if they have a Covid certificate. This certificate proves that a passenger has been fully vaccinated. READ MORE: Travel warning: Britons could spend 'weeks' without luggage However, if a passenger does not have a certificate, they need to complete the travel health form no more than 48 hours before travelling to Spain. Children under 12 years old and passengers in international transit do not have to show a certificate or fill out a form. The health travel form was initiated when travel restarted after the pandemic to protect the health of passengers and residents. Its use was encouraged by international initiatives of public health and aviation organisations.  Its objective was to assess the health status of travellers on arrival in Spain, ensuring their identification and traceability. This would be necessary if they were considered to have had close contact with a confirmed case of Covid or another communicable infectious disease that could put the health of all at risk. The form consisted of five sections, containing questions about personal information, the traveller’s contact information, details of the trip, and a health declaration to pass the health control on arrival in Spain. As the world learns to live with Covid, many countries are starting to slack their previously strict rules. As well as a Covid certificate, a passport is essential when travelling abroad, and there are different rules surrounding the document depending on which airline a passenger flies with. Each airline requires a passport to be valid for a specific period of time. TUI, for example, recommends that a passenger has six months left on their passport from the day they travel. easyJet also requires passports to have at least six months left on them, but they cannot be more than 10 years old. Ryanair has warned passengers that non-EU passport holders must have a passport that’s valid for at least three months from their date of departure when heading to a Schengen member country. For travel outside of the European Economic Area (EEA), a passenger’s passport must be valid for the period of intended stay. Meanwhile, British Airways has informed travellers: “Please note that it is your responsibility to check and observe all requirements applicable to your journey. “Should you fail to comply with these requirements, you may not be allowed to travel or may be refused entry at your destination.”