The Staircase will be available to watch on Sky and the streaming service NOW very soon. A first look has been given for the TV drama series that looks into the death of Michael Peterson's wife, Kathleen. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the release date, cast, trailer and more. The Staircase will premiere on May 5 exclusively on Sky and NOW. The series is made up of eight episodes and has been written and executive produced by showrunners Antonio Campos and Maggie Cohn. Fans across the globe will have access to the limited series, including those in the UK, Ireland, Italy, Germany, Austria and Switzerland. Antonio Campos told Deadline: “This has been a project I have been working on in one way or another since 2008. "It’s been a long and winding road, but well worth the wait to be able to find partners like HBO Max, Annapurna, co-showrunner Maggie Cohn and the incredible Colin Firth to dramatize such a complex true-life story.” READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest stunned over 'unbelievable' Rolex valuation The series stars Colin Firth as Michael Peterson and Toni Collette as Kathleen Peterson. Other cast includes Michael Stuhlbarg, Juliette Binoche, Dane DeHaan and Olivia DeJonge. Viewers will also see appearances by Little Fires Everywhere star Rosemarie DeWitt, Inventing Anna's Tim Guinee, Patrick Schwarzenegger, Game of Thrones star Sophie Turner and Vincent Vermignon. Rounding off the cast is Odessa Young and Parker Posey. Yes, at the end of March 2022 Sky released a teaser trailer for the crime drama. Michael is heard saying: "This house is filled with so many memories. "Family is all we got, we're not perfect, God knows. But we have survived because we stick together, and we love each other." However, the mood quickly changes when Kathleen's body is found at the bottom of the stairs. Police initially believe she fell, but it quickly becomes a crime scene. DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun buyer slams counter offer in ‘tense’ negotiations [DISCUSSION] Discovery of Witches showrunner teases sequel series [INSIGHT] The Gilded Age season 2: Will there be another series? [EXPLAINER] An officer is then heard saying: "We believed Michael Peterson murdered Kathleen in cold blood." Michael describes the claims as "fictional" and "fabrication". The patriarch is then seen inviting documentary makers into his home. He says: "It's my life on the line and I want to tell my story. "And I promise you, when we are on the other side of this, things will be better." The series is based on a true story, as well as the true-crime docuseries of the same name from 2004. Michael Peterson is a writer who was accused of murdering his wife Kathleen, who was found dead at the bottom of the staircase at their North Carolina home in 2001. Being the only person in the vicinity at the time, he was a prime suspect and was arrested for murder, which he denied. In October 2003 he was found guilty of murder and was sentenced to life in prison. Peterson was later given a new trial after the judge ruled a prosecution witness gave misleading testimony. In 2017, Peterson submitted an Alford plea to the reduced charge of manslaughter. He was sentenced to time already served and was freed.  The Staircase arrives on Sky and NOW from May 5.