Manchester United might be set to suffer their first summer transfer window setback before even appointing Erik ten Hag as their new head coach. The Dutchman is widely reported to be the favourite to land the job and it is believed that he has already suggested a couple of signings, with Ajax star Antony one of them. Appointing Ten Hag would culminate a thorough six-month recruitment process by the Old Trafford hierarchy. The Ajax head coach was up against Paris Saint-Germain’s Mauricio Pochettino and has seemingly won the battle to take the job. Ten Hag is claimed to have rival interest from other clubs, including RB Leipzig, so United will need to conclude an agreement with the 52-year-old soon. His Ajax team are embroiled in an Eredivisie title challenge, leading the Dutch top-flight by four points, so it is unlikely that an announcement will be made soon. But should he be appointed, Ten Hag’s first major task will be to shape the squad in his image. United have already been linked with several players who suit the former Twente defender’s style, including tricky winger Antony. JUST IN: Liverpool's Jurgen Klopp launches angry rant at BT and Premier League The 22-year-old has been earmarked as a ‘top target’ by Ten Hag, according to the Daily Telegraph. But Italian outlet Calciomercato now claim that Juventus have ‘intensified’ talks with the player’s representatives. The publication claims that Ajax value Antony at around £29million. He has a contract with the Dutch club until 2025. Antony is a productive forward, scoring 22 goals and setting up a further 20 in 79 appearances since joining Ajax from Sao Paulo in 2020. The Brazilian has netted eight times in the Eredivisie this season. DON'T MISS...Paulo Dybala could still 'betray' Juventus as talks continue in blowLiverpool's Jurgen Klopp launches angry rant at BT and Premier League Eriksen view on Tottenham return outlined as bidding war poised But with so many forwards already in the United squad, some would need to depart if the Premier League side are to beat Juve to Antony’s signature. Former Ajax winger Kiki Musampa believes Cristiano Ronaldo’s future would be in doubt as the Portuguese icon does not fit Ten Hag’s style. "Ronaldo is not really a (Erik) Ten Hag-type player. Why? Because the philosophy of Ten Hag is all about the team and everybody got his piece of work to do within the team,” Musampa, who won two Eredivisie titles, told Stadium Astro. "Your thought needs to be connected with the team, the way I see Ronaldo connected with the team in the last part of the pitch, he a lot of the time goes for his success and misses the awareness of runners and of teammates. "That's something that can be crucial in the team from Ten Hag because for him, the way he plays he really demands from all the players to always think of the team first, just like a (Louis) Van Gaal type of coach."