First time buyers have contended with a tricky market in recent years, facing everything from Covid lockdowns to the stamp duty frenzy while trying to join the property ladder. Though it may seem impossible to afford extortionate house prices and secure a mortgage, there are a number of small steps that could get you one step closer to owning your first home. Express.co.uk spoke to the mortgage experts to find out the four best ways to increase your chances of property ownership in 2022. The latest Halifax House Price Index for March revealed that the average UK property price has reached a new record high of £282,753. This is the ninth consecutive month that prices have risen across the country, and Russell Galley, Managing Director at Halifax claimed that that the fundamental reason for it remains the same. He said: “The story behind such strong house price inflation remains unchanged: limited supply and strong demand, despite the prospect of increasing pressure on households’ finances.” Waiting for a dip in the market is one way to seek out a more affordable “first home”, but this isn’t always the case, as far too many first time buyers have witnessed in recent years. READ MORE: Six mortgage tips for first time homebuyers Research by the estate agent comparison website GetAgent.com, found that eager homeowners who decided to sit out the 2021 housing market will now haveto find an additional £23,544 to account for the amount house prices have risen in the past year. Even in the worst cost of living crisis the country has seen in a generation, the UK’s property market is showing no signs of slowing down, so how can you adjust your approach to make home ownership happen for you? Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, David Ingram, Founder of MyLocalMortgage said: “The soaring cost of living has made saving for a deposit far more difficult, but it doesn't mean prospective homeowners can't make some adjustments to still find their dream home. “While it's impossible to do anything about rising expenses, we can be more clever about our outgoings.” The Bank of England has predicted that inflation could rise to about eight percent in spring 2022, making everything from cars and houses to a loaf of bread even more expensive. While it may not sound like a particularly enjoyable way to reduce your outgoings, taking a good look at your expensive habits is one of the easiest ways to see a significant increase in your savings. Mr Ingram said: “The cost of a pack of 20 Benson and Hedges cigarettes from Tesco is now £10.74 - if you have a 10-a-day habit that's nearly £5.37 per day.“Give them up and in a year you could have saved £1,960.05 towards your deposit.” As more of us are returning to the office, we're becoming less likely to meal prep or to cook at home, but it could be having a bigger impact on your bank balance than you think. According to the British Sandwich Association, the British sandwich market bought ‘on the go’ is currently worth £2.8 billion, selling 1.69 billion sandwiches in the last 12 months alone. Adding a drink and a snack will only increase the average price to a bargain of £3, but spending this five days a week will quickly amount to £780 a year. DON'T MISS:UK pensioners faced with housing crisis timebomb [REVEAL]37% of new homes snapped up while under construction [ANALYSIS]Why you might be struggling to buy a new house - and two ways to help [INSIGHT] Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea While rising tax rates may seem like the Government is against first time buyers getting on the property ladder, there are actually plenty of encouraging schemes to help potential homeowners secure a property of their own. According to Mr Ingram, there are two key schemes which are the most beneficial for prospective buyers in the current financial climate. These include: This scheme lets first-time buyers purchase a share of a property and pay rent on the remaining share. While you won’t own the property entirely, it gets you onto the property ladder with the potential to sell-up your share a few years down the line. The Help to Buy Equity Loan is a new-build scheme where the government loans buyers 20 percent of the price of a newly-built property. The buyers then only need a five percent deposit, while the remaining 75 percent will come from a mortgage. Cutting down your energy and water bill is easier said than done, but making a few simple changes to your tariffs and double-checking your tax is crucial to avoid overpaying. While it is near-impossible to find a “cheap” energy tariff, it is worth checking that you’re not being overcharged on your direct debit or on an overpriced tariff. Explore cheaper providers for your household utilities, and do your research on the best local rates in your area. Mr Ingram said: “Price comparison sites will help you find the best deal, but again, you may be stung with exit fees. “This is worth considering when your current contracts are up for renewal.” Saving money is one thing, but storing your hard-earned deposit in the wrong account could be limiting your potential savings. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Pete Mugleston, mortgage expert for www.onlinemortgageadvisor.co.uk said: “We recommend looking into the government’s Lifetime ISA to build your savings. “The scheme will contribute up to 25 percent towards your savings if you’re a first-time buyer under 40, as long as you use the money to purchase your first house.” There are also other ways to build up your savings, such as the ISA schemes offered by your bank, or different investment methods, so it is worth considering a financial advisor to navigate the most beneficial method for you. Mr Mugleston added: “Buying your first home might seem unachievable right now, but the key is to start looking ahead and planning for this as early as possible.“If you stick to a clear plan, you could get on the first step of the ladder sooner than you think.”