Boris Johnson shut down criticism from Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer over the Government's plan to have asylum claims process in Rwanda by pointing out that Labour once raised a similar plan under then Home Secretary David Blunkett. Mr Johnson told PMQs: "I was slightly taken aback for the Government to be criticised over the policy that we have devised to end the deaths at sea in the Channel as a result of criminals gangs. "I was surprised that we were attacked for that when it comes to that policy, do you know who proposed that policy? "First of all, in 2004, it was David Blunkett, who said it was a 21st-century solution to the problems in illegal asylum-seeking and immigration." Referring to Sir Keir, the Prime Minister added: "He's a Corbynista in a smart Islington suit, that's the truth."  The Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer had asked: "Would the Prime Minister like to take this opportunity to apologise for slandering the Archbishop [and the Church of England]?" He said: "Yesterday's apology lasted for as long as the Prime Minister thought necessary to be clipped for the news. "Once the cameras were off the Prime Minister went to see his backbenchers and he was back to blaming everyone else. "He even said that the Archbishop of Canterbury had not been critical enough of Putin. In fact the Archbishop called Putin's war an act of great evil and the Church of England has led the way in providing refuge to those fleeing." MORE TO FOLLOW... Mr Johnson is locked in a dispute with the Church of England as the two most senior members of the clergy vowed to continue opposing his flagship immigration policy. The Archbishops of Canterbury and York object to the plan to send some asylum seekers on a one-way trip to Rwanda on "moral and ethical grounds", Lambeth Palace said. The response came after the Prime Minister accused Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby of being "less vociferous" in his condemnation of Russian President Vladimir Putin than he was in his attack on the policy. The criticism from Mr Johnson came in a private address to Tory MPs in Parliament after he was forced to repeatedly apologise over the fine he received from police for breaching coronavirus laws. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: US warns Putin STILL has 'significant' weapons [LIVE]MI6's 'significant regret' over helping Putin come to power laid bare [BREAKING]Putin rains down ‘flesh-ripping’ WW1 munition in Ukraine bombing raids [LATEST] Mr Welby and the Archbishop of York, Stephen Cottrell, have publicly condemned Mr Putin's invasion of Ukraine as an "act of great evil". But Mr Johnson appeared angry at Mr Welby's criticism of the plan to send some migrants who arrive in the UK by irregular means, such as on small boats across the English Channel, to Rwanda for processing and resettlement. The archbishop raised "serious ethical questions" about the policy in his Easter Sunday address, saying it cannot "stand the judgment of God". In the sermon, the archbishop said "subcontracting out our responsibilities, even to a country that seeks to do well, like Rwanda, is the opposite of the nature of God who himself took responsibility for our failures".