Arsenal and Tottenham have been given a boost after it was revealed that Inter Milan could sell Lautaro Martinez to fund the arrival of new players. The north London rivals have been linked with the superstar forward, who has been in scintillating form over the last few seasons. The Gunners are on the lookout for a new forward this summer as Alexandre Lacazette looks set to depart the club when his contract expires. Spurs also face the prospect of losing blockbuster star Harry Kane. And Martinez could be the ideal replacement for either side. The 24-year-old has found the back of the net 16 times this season after notching 19 times last time around. According to TuttoSport, the sale of Martinez could allow Inter to unlock the market as they look to add to their ranks. And the Italians could also be prepared to offload Alessandro Bastoni and Milan Skriniar as well. The Serie A giants have been linked with Sassuolo's Gianluca Scamacca and Real Madrid duo Luka Jovic and Dani Ceballos and are keen to sign Juventus star Paulo Dybala as Martinez’s replacement. And Inter’s transfer plans will be music to the ears of Arsenal and Tottenham. JUST IN: Man Utd outcast Martial admits future is 'complicated' amid struggles  The two Premier League sides are battling to clinch the final Champions League qualification spot. Spurs currently have the advantage as they have climbed to fourth in the table after winning their last four league matches. Arsenal, meanwhile, have faltered recently and are now three points behind their rivals after losing three of their last four top flight matches. But the Gunners have a game in hand over the Lilywhites and the duo still have to play each other before the end of the campaign. DON'T MISS...Arsenal's new-look XI if Gabriel to Barcelona swap deal helps solve striker issueErik ten Hag planning Man Utd backroom staff team 'with three on shortlist'Villarreal ace Capoue rubs sult in Bayern boss Nagelsmann's wounds    If either side can secure a place in next season’s Champions League, it could give them the ammunition to secure a deal for Martinez. The Argentina international has played in Europe’s premier competition in each of the last four seasons – and he is unlikely to join a side who will be plying their trade in the Europa League. Martinez, who joined Inter from Racing Club in 2018, has scored 65 goals in 172 games for the Italian side and formed a formidable partnership with Romelu Lukaku before the Belgium international returned to Chelsea last summer. Martinez has also notched 19 times in 37 games for his country and was part of the Argentina side that won the Copa America last summer. His pace and clinical finishing could make him a star in the Premier League. So Arsenal and Spurs might just break the bank to secure his services when the transfer market reopens in the summer. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  