Mino Raiola has confirmed he is not dead after his agency poured cold water on reports that the football super-agent had passed away aged 54. Raiola is said to be in a bad condition in hospital at present. But he tweeted on Thursday afternoon: "Current health status for the ones wondering: p****d off second time in 4 months they kill me. Seem also able to ressuscitate." On Thursday, reports from Italy - circulated by Tancredi Palmeri on Twitter - claimed Raiola, who represents Paul Pogba, Erling Haaland and Zlatan Ibrahimovic, had edied following an illness. But his agency said: "They're fake rumours. He [Mino Raiola] is not dead." And Rodriguez followed up with: "He's in a bad position, but he hasn't died." Raiola then tweeted to confirm that he is still alive despite the reports. In January, his official Twitter account confirmed that he had undergone surgery after being hospitalised, although the nature of the operation wasn't revealed. A tweet read: "Mino Raiola is undergoing ordinary medical checks that require anaesthesia. All was planned and no emergency surgery happened." JUST IN: Newcastle ‘ask’ Real Madrid chiefs about Marco Asensio transfer The false news of his death shocked the football world as the season approaches the transfer window, where he has thrived as one of the sport's leading agents for years. Haaland, Pogba and Ibrahimovic are Raiola's most prominent clients, and he has been central in many of the trio's blockbuster transfers. He started his agency career with Sports Promotions, a sports agent firm, with his early experience of brokering deals involving players moving from the Netherlands to Italy. Bryan Roy, Dennis Bergkamp, Michel Kreek were among those who profited from his service. After his time with Sports Promotions, Raiola went from strength to strength in the industry and represented more than 20 elite footballing names, including some of the biggest the sport has to offer. Gianluigi Donnarumma, Marco Verratti, Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Mario Balotelli are other names under his stewardship. READ MORE: Abraham admits Salah inspired Chelsea exit as Tuchel frustrations air His exploits centred around European football, and in 2021, he was said to boast a net worth of around £62million. Italian reporters claiming Raiola had died accredited his death to an 'illness' and it is understood he has been battling lung disease in recent months. Raiola has developed a significant reputation in Manchester after being heavily involved in notable transfers for both of the city's clubs. He played a role in the first transfer of the Sheikh Mansour era as Manchester City beat Chelsea to Real Madrid's Robinho for a then-British record £32.5m. The Italian also had a big say in Pogba's initial Manchester United exit in 2012, advising the Frenchman to leave the club for first-team football. He wasn't popular with legendary manager Sir Alex Ferguson for doing so. The Scotsman was quoted: "There are one or two football agents I simply do not like, and Mino Raiola is one of them. I distrusted him from the moment I met him." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here