Although it’s famed for dancing and lip-syncing, social media site TikTok has somewhat surprisingly also spawned millions of tips for car maintenance, with hashtags such as #carcleaning racking up almost a billion views. Experts at leasing site Vanarama have put together 10 car cleaning tips drivers can try when giving the car a much-needed spring clean this season. Use a paint brush to get into small crevicesUsing a decorators paint brush is perfect for getting into spots that a normal cloth can’t.Simply spray cleaner around the interior of your car and use the brush to sweep the dirt away. This is a great tip for getting dirt out of the nooks and crannies around the gear stick and the centre console.Use a squeegee to pick up pet hairsThe rubber strip on squeegees is great at picking up pet hairs - even better than a hoover in fact.Use this trick on your upholstery and carpets for dog hair free interiors. READ MORE: delight at scrapping of EU law that wanted sit-on mowers insured Use a silicone mould to collect drink spillagesSilicone moulds are perfect to slot into car cup holders ready to catch any spillages or crumbs. Once they’re dirty, take them out to clean and then put them back in. Remove stains with shaving foamShaving foam is incredibly versatile when it comes to cleaning.Simply spray some on the seats, rub it in with your hands or a brush and then use a damp cloth to wash it off. A fabric vacuum if available will help get rid of any excess moisture. DON'T MISS Traffic warden reveals best parts of patrolling UK streets [REVEAL] Uproar over push from Greens to ban second cars [INSIGHT] Boris Johnson racked up £4,000 in parking tickets [SHOCKING] Use toothpaste to clean your headlightsTikTok users recommend using an old toothbrush or cloth to gently rub the toothpaste in before wiping it away to reveal clear, shiny headlights. Clean the dashboard with olive oilIf the dashboard is looking a little dull, rub a few drops of olive oil into it with a soft cloth to give it a new lease of life. Vinegar prevents window smearsUsing vinegar on the windscreen and door windows will help avoid any smears after washing them. Simply wipe them down with vinegar before rinsing away with clean water. Clean leather with soapsMix a cup of mild dish soap or laundry detergent with a few cups of water and use a soft cloth to buff it into leather seats and armrests to get rid of any dirt that has built up. Reveal hidden dust with a massage gunUsing a massage gun on your floor mats and seats helps loosen the dirt and dust up so it can be hoovered away. Use Q-Tips to clean air ventsSpray the area with a cleaner of choice and use a clean cotton Q-tip to lift the dust. This is also a great way of cleaning around the badge in the centre of the steering wheel.