The Royal Family Twitter account, which represents the sovereign and all the working members of the Firm who don't have their own social media handle, shared a stunning picture dating back to 1964. In it, the monarch can be seen smiling widely in full regalia while surrounded by leaders of Commonwealth countries. As explained by the Twitter account, the politicians were the Queen's guests for a dinner party held at her London residence. The message read: "1964: The Queen is joined by the Commonwealth Heads of State for a dinner party at Buckingham Palace." Celebrating the stunning growth of the Commonwealth during the reign of the Queen, the post added: "Her Majesty is Head of the Commonwealth, which has grown from 8 to 54 members in the last 70 years." The newest addition to the Commonwealth is the Maldives, which decided to rejoin the union in February 2020 after leaving it four years prior. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here The Maldives, which became a republic in 1968, had first decided to join the Commonwealth in 1982. This latest tweet by the Royal Family is part of a long Twitter thread updated every day to count down the long bank holiday weekend in June during which the Royal Family and Britons will come together to celebrate the Queen's 70th year on the throne. The palace began the countdown on March 24 - 70 days prior to the beginning of the Platinum Jubilee Central Weekend. Among the iconic pictures shared, there was the first official portrait of the Queen after her accession to the throne in 1952. READ MORE: Eugenie & Beatrice have contrasting marriages - body language Other snaps showed the Queen delivering her speech during the State Opening of Parliament in 1958 - the first time a photographer was allowed to take a picture of the event. On April 2, the Royal Family Twitter account also shared a picture taken during the Kennedys' visit to Britain in 1961. It shows US President John F. Kennedy and his wife Jacqueline smiling widely as they posed next to Prince Philip and the sovereign at Buckingham Palace. On Monday, the social media account marked the year 1963 by sharing a stunning picture showing the Queen receiving a bouquet of flowers from young Fijian Princess Adi Kaunilotuma during a visit to the country. Celebrations for the Queen's historic Jubilee will begin on June 2. The first major event to take place will be a special Trooping the Colour, featuring more than 1,400 parading soldiers, 200 horses and 400 musicians. This event will bring back to central London the traditional Queen's Birthday Parade after two years of pandemic. The parade will culminate with the flypast, set to be watched by members of the Royal Family from Buckingham Palace's iconic balcony. Other key events include a service of thanksgiving for the Queen's reign, scheduled to take place at St Paul's Cathedral. The long bank holiday weekend will also include the Derby at Epsom Downs, falling on June 4. This is the only major horse racing event in the UK one of the Queen's horses has yet to win. Street parties and a concert at the palace in London have also been announced. It is unclear how many events the monarch will attend in person in two-month time, as it will depend on her health and mobility. Last Tuesday, the Queen attended her first in-person engagement outside of palace walls since October to pay tribute to her late husband, Prince Philip. Special arrangements were put in place by palace and Westminster Abbey's officials to facilitate Her Majesty's attendance - and it is likely similar measures will be taken also in June, to make sure the Queen can be part of the celebrations in her honour.