Bridgerton season two is on Netflix now and the Sharmas are already expected to return for a third season. Edwina Sharma (played by Charithra Chandran) arrived in London with her sister Kate (Simone Ashley) in the hope of finding love. She found herself in a heartbreaking love triangle with Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey), and fans are keen to find out more about the character. The latest season of the historical drama took a different turn as it shone a light on a different Bridgerton sibling. Anthony's emotional vulnerability was exposed in the new series as he felt the pressure of securing his family's future. Edwina Sharma was immediately taken with Anthony, and she ticked all of his boxes. However, Anthony was captivated by Edwina's older spinster sister, Kate, who challenged him. According to Julia Quinn's novels, Edwina is 17 years old. READ MORE: Bridgerton's Jonathan Bailey has advice for the season 3's lead Her sister Kate is 26 in the series, making her nine years older than Edwina. Anthony is 30 in the second season, meaning he is 13 years older than his bride to be. Yet Edwina's age comes as no surprise as debutantes were usually 17 or 18 during their first social season. The actress who plays Edwina, however, is much older than her character. Charithra Chandran is 25 years old in real life. Despite the age difference, the actress displayed Edwina's vulnerable and innocent side perfectly. As a teen, Edwina is blown away by the idea of marrying the perfect man and making her family proud of her. In doing so, she sacrifices all that she truly wants, which is someone to love her for the person she is. In the 1800s, when the series is set, age gaps were not unusual to see in relationships. Edwina's age did not put Anthony off trying to make the courtship work. DON'T MISS... Bridgerton season 2: 'Tragic' outcome for the Sharmas was inevitable [INSIGHT] Simone Ashley hints Kate will 'let go' in Bridgerton season 3 [INTERVIEW] Eloise Bridgerton husband: Who does Eloise marry? [EXPLAINER] Sadly the marriage did not work out as Anthony realised his feelings for Kate could not be ignored. In the end, Edwina saw through their secret affair and she realised her husband to be had feelings for her older sister. At first, it was a huge shock and she felt betrayed by her entire family. However, after some time, Edwina realised this outcome was for the best as she realised she deserved better. She had spent her entire life looking up to her sister and aspiring to be the person Kate wanted her to be. Yet she realised she deserved to be her own person and so she let Kate marry Anthony. Sadly Edwina was not married by the time the series ended, but her relationship could be addressed in the upcoming season. Kate actress Ashley confirmed she and Anthony would return in season three, so Edwina's name may come up again. Lady Danbury (Adjoa Andoh) suggested she had a suitable match for Edwina, so hopefully, the teenage debutant finds love soon.  Bridgerton seasons 1 and 2 are on Netflix now. Season 3 has already been commissioned.