Piers Morgan had previously worked with his TV "wife" Susanna Reid for six years on Good Morning Britain, but he recently took issue with the fact she had not wished him luck ahead of his new show launch on TalkTV. Now, Piers has confirmed she has finally made contact, after his "snub" accusation. Piers jokingly screen-shotted her reaction to him joining TalkTV as "Breaking News", sharing a WhatsApp message which said simply: "Good luck," while Susanna could be seen still typing in their chat. His former GMB "wife" then tweeted publicly about his new role, while cheekily referencing her former habit of rolling her eyes at him on the ITV show, telling him: "Huge good luck - and a couple of eye-rolls for old times’ sake!" Susanna's comments came after Piers told the world that he hadn't heard anything from her since announcing his TalkTV stint. He claimed to Express.co.uk and other publications of Susanna not reaching out to him: “There’s still time, I’m sure she will. It’s difficult.  READ NOW: Piers Morgan brands GMB exit a 'farce', calling Meghan 'shameful' “You know, we had this arranged marriage that turned out to be very successful. “And then we suddenly got divorced one afternoon. That was it. “So we stay in touch through texting and stuff but it was all a bit dramatic and sad.” The new evening show, Uncensored, is billed by a proud Piers as a "fearless forum for lively, intelligent debate and agenda-setting interviews; celebrating free speech and the right for people to share their views". However, haven't always aligned with his former co-host Susanna. At the time of Meghan Markle's divisive interview with Oprah Winfrey, in which she and Harry had discussed the negative experience she'd had in the Royal Family, Piers had blasted her comments as "contemptible". He had dismissed her comments about suffering from mental health struggles as untrue. He'd also insisted he wouldn't have believed her if it had been a weather report she'd been reading. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [UPDATE] Julia Bradbury shares insight to her biggest 'support' [INSIGHT] A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman reflects on bad weather [LATEST]  However, Susanna hit back: "Well, that’s a pretty unsympathetic reaction to someone who has expressed those thoughts." Piers then questioned why her opposing opinion had been respected, while he'd had to leave the show due to his own comments, which had sparked 50,000 Ofcom complaints at the time. "I just don’t understand why someone’s right to believe her was deemed to be more valued and protected than someone’s right to disbelieve," he fired back. "We weren’t talking Mother Teresa here, we were talking about someone who was on national TV in America trashing our royal family, trashing the monarchy, humiliating the Queen, all while Prince Philip was seriously ill and later died." He also reflected that "everyone was tuning in to hear my opinion", pointing to the "massive" ratings GMB had enjoyed that week. He added: "I still don’t believe a word Meghan Markle says. I think almost everything that comes out of her mouth is complete bulls**t. "Susanna Reid, on that same show where I got all the trouble, she was saying the complete opposite. "Well, why is she entitled to believe her given how many lies were coming out Meghan Markle’s mouth?" Piers has also been having his controversial say on Prince Harry following his speech at the Invictus Games, held in the Hague over the weekend. On Twitter today, Piers blasted the Duke of Sussex as a pampered and over-privileged prince, quizzing what right he had to talk about equality for his children. Harry had told junior journalists that he would "never, ever, ever rest" until he had tried to make a "more equal world" for son Archie, aged two, and daughter Lilibet, 10 months. Yet Piers was unimpressed, hitting back by tweeting: "More equal? A spoiled privileged prince who inherited millions & now makes 100s of millions fleecing his royal titles from his $11m Californian mansion wants EQUALITY for his kids?" No doubt the world will be hearing more of Piers' controversial opinions on Harry, Meghan and much more besides when Uncensored kicks off in one week's time on April 25th.