More than 4,000 council seats will be contested over 140 councils on May 5 and will decide who will be responsible for all manner of issues, from planning to parking to bin collections and more. But local elections are often seen as a litmus test of the ruling party’s leadership, and top Tories are worried the party could suffer enormous losses next week. Current polls are predicting a significant win for Labour following months of scandals on Boris Johnson’s doorstep. According to the Politico poll of polls, 40 percent of voters intend to vote Labour whilst 34 percent intend to vote Conservative. Labour has sustained a lead over the Tories since the partygate story first broke in December, and the recent fines for the Prime Minister and Chancellor have further dented their position. With just over a week to go until Britain heads to the polls, Labour will be looking to capitalise on the Tories failings while they look to dampen the fury caused by partygate. READ MORE: Britain’s lack of control over borders is ‘real Brexit betrayal’ The exact number of seats that could be lost is near impossible to predict - but one Tory MP has made an anonymous prediction. The northern MP said he expected the party could lose 750 seats in the local elections. In comparison, a loss of around 100 to 150 seats would classically be written off by the party as mid term apathy - but a loss larger than this would be difficult to ignore. The partygate scandal is seen as the main driver of a lack of faith in the Tories, according to party members. One MP from a wealthy Tory constituency said: “Partygate is still coming up on the doorstep. “People are raising the Prime Minister’s leadership. My fear is they will simply stay at home.” Another Conservative MP, critical of Mr Johnson, said: “People will come after him after the elections. DON'T MISSConservative MP left speechless by Labour council’s £27k EU flag bill [INSIGHT]PMQs: Even when Starmer gets it right he gets it wrong says PAUL BALDWIN [OPINION]Jacob Rees-Mogg cabinet row with trade secretary explained [EXPLAINER] “He’s an existential threat to the Conservative party and to democracy.” In London, Labour has a 27 point lead against the Conservatives - and while Labour has always held most of the capital, the party could actually gain councils this time around. London accounts for more than four in ten of all the English seats in play this election. Professor of Politics at Queen Mary University of London, Philip Cowley, said: “If repeated on polling day, these figures would see Labour make advances in both inner and outer London. “Widespread changes to ward boundaries make it difficult to make precise predictions, but this level of Labour support at least indicates that the Conservative-held boroughs of Barnet and Wandsworth may well be vulnerable, even if Westminster and Hillingdon may remain slightly out of reach for Labour.” He added: “This would not quite be Labour’s best performance in London ever, still falling short of the 53 per cent achieved in 1971, but it should see them make gains. “Any gains will not be massive, however – not least because Labour did well in London the last time these councils were contested in 2018, in what was then the best result since 1971, and it therefore has relatively limited scope to make further advances.” The polls will take place on Thursday, May 5, and results are expected in the early hours and throughout the day on Friday.