Princess Diana’s biographer Tina Brown told how a royal courtier revealed how Prince Harry greeted Camilla, now Duchess of Cornwall, with a very frosty reception when he was first introduced to her. In her new book, The Palace Papers, she told how a courtier claimed Harry would give Camilla angry stares and remain silent when the pair were in a room together.  She quotes a courtier as saying: “When the younger boy was eventually prevailed upon to be in the presence of Mrs Parker Bowles, he unnerved her with long silences and smouldering, resentful stares.” And Ms Brown claims not much has changed as Prince Harry “can’t stand” his stepmother and doesn’t want her to be Queen after his grandmother gave the duchess her blessing by saying she should be known as ‘Queen Consort’ when Prince Charles takes to the throne. She said: “William has accepted Camilla in terms of what she means to his father.  “He’s been grown-up about it. ‘My father loves this woman, I can’t fight it, so I won’t.’ “Harry, on the other hand, can’t stand Camilla, he doesn’t want Camilla to be queen, he’s very angry that it’s happening. “He has not made his peace with it and he probably never will.”  READ MORE:  'Emotionally needy' Harry 'utterly taken over by Meghan' Ms Brown said Prince Harry would go after his father Prince Charles and Camilla in his upcoming memoir. She added: “Because Harry’s not going to go after the Queen, she’s sacrosanct. “And he probably won’t go after Kate, whom he’s very fond of. But he will go after Charles and Camilla and maybe William.  DON'T MISS Queen 'distressed' by 'grotesque' Prince Andrew scandal [INSIGHT]'No appetite for Meghan to come back' Royal expert says [VIDEO]Prince Harry skipped Philip's memorial knowing Andrew to assist Queen [OPINION] “And that’s so unhelpful to them all at this particular moment; for William that’s the big cloud in their relationship right now.” Although Charles and Camilla have been married for 17 years, the couple have a long and complicated history. After meeting when they were young, they both married other people - Camilla married Andrew Parker-Bowles, a retired military officer, but the pair divorced in 2005.  Charles married Princess Diana, the mother of Prince William and Prince Harry. After Diana’s death, the couple brought their relationship out in the open, with Camilla attending a hunt with Charles and his two sons.  And in 2004, both William and Harry were told Camilla was to become their stepmother. Charles finally married Camilla in 2005, in a low key ceremony at Windsor Guildhall and the duchess was given an engagement ring that once belonged to his grandmother, Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother.