The outcome of a recent F1 Comission meeting will see teams grapple with a rule change impacting the number of tyre sets available next season. With two race weekends earmarked in 2023 when the reduction of available tyre sets will be tested out, it could have an impact on the battle for top honours and even more so the following year if it is fully implemented. The F1 Commission met on April 26 in a meeting chaired by Mohammed Ben Sulayem. The sport's authorities would be right to give themselves a pat on the back after what has been an exciting start to the new season, but they are still exploring ways make further strides. One outcome is the 'revised qualifying format', which will be tested out in two race weekends in 2023 with the possibility of fully implementing it the following year. The number of available compounds for each team will reduce from 13 to 11, with soft sets being slashed from eight to four. JUST IN: Toto Wolff agrees with Daniel Ricciardo over Miami Grand Prix team principal parade plan An FIA statement read: "The Commission unanimously agreed to trial a reduction in the tyre allocation from 13 sets to 11 at two events in the 2023 season. This will be done to evaluate the impact of the reduction in tyre allocation on track-running, with the overall intention to move to more sustainable use of tyres in the future." Exactly where the pair of 2023 trials will take place has not yet been decided, but teams will want to know well in advance so that they can put strategic plans together. The revised qualifying format will see all teams go into Q1 on hard compound tyres, Q2 on medium compound and Q3 on softs. The ability of teams to cope with the new strategy change, albeit during only two races weekends, could have an effect on the title race next season. The impact would then be more defined in 2024 if it is implemented fully. Increased use of head cameras was also discussed in the meeting, which would surely delight fans who have benefitted from ground-level access to what drivers experience in the cockpit this season. Proposed rule changes will need to be approved by the World Motor Sport Council.  Elsewhere in the press release, the FIA said: "Following the trialling of the latest generation of helmet cameras over recent events, they have proved to be a great success, generating significant positive feedback from fans as a valuable addition to the broadcast of Grands Prix. "Therefore, it was proposed and unanimously approved to update the 2023 Technical Regulations, mandating the use of these helmet cameras for all drivers from 2023 onwards."