Better Call Saul has finally made its comeback to AMC and Netflix after almost two years since season five. As this instalment wraps up the series, fans could be in for a thrilling ride as they’re convinced Mike Ehrmantraut (played by Jonathan Banks) could kill Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn).  Better Call Saul hit the screens last week with its sixth and final season, which will wrap up the prequel to the critically acclaimed Breaking Bad series. Ahead of its premiere, the network released the season six synopsis which read: “Better Call Saul’s final season concludes the complicated journey and transformation of its compromised hero, Jimmy McGill (Bob Odenkirk), into criminal lawyer Saul Goodman. “From the cartel to the courthouse, from Albuquerque to Omaha, season six tracks Jimmy, Saul and Gene as well as Jimmy’s complex relationship with Kim (Rhea Seehorn), who is in the midst of her own existential crisis.” With fans three episodes into the new instalment, viewers were left shocked by the death of a major character and it looks as though another death could be on the horizon. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy After a clue from the series’ co-creator Peter Gould, fans believe Kim could meet her death before the season ends at the hand of Mike. As well as describing the season as “devastating,” the showrunner spoke to Entertainment Weekly and dropped some major hints about the characters' fates. Speaking on Mike’s journey this season, Gould revealed: “Mike goes as dark as it is possible for Mike Ehrmantraut to go.” As a result, fans are convinced he could kill Kim as she was one of the few characters not to appear in Breaking Bad. When season five ended, Mike was helping with an attempted hit on Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton). Throughout the series, the Marine veteran has taken a handful of lives, which made fans believe he will be “going as dark as possible” by killing Kim. Taking to Reddit, user zerok_nyc was also convinced this would be the case after comparing the differences in Saul’s behaviour in both Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul. They noticed a major change in the character’s attitude towards women as he had a “disdain for women that display strength and intelligence” in the prequel series. DON'T MISS...Jennie Bond details why royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew [INSIGHT]Why did Nacho Varga have to die in Better Call Saul? Actor opens up [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul fans devastated by 'gut-wrenching' Nacho death [REACTION] Compared to his attitude in Breaking Bad, the user stated: “This is not the Saul we know in BB, which suggests to me that this is his way of processing the loss of Kim.” The Redditor continued: “Saul is uncharacteristically afraid of Mike and Mike doesn’t trust Saul. “They aren’t nearly as close as we might expect, given their history.” The user noted: “They still work together, kind of but I noticed that Mike doesn’t do any jobs for Saul unless it’s also in Gus’ best interest to do so. “You can replace Gus with Walt post-FaceOff. Mike’s distrust of Saul is further evidenced by his decision to not use Saul to distribute the money to his guys.” However, in response user Jacobisgone was not convinced, writing: “If Mike does indeed kill Kim off, I think Saul would hate him far more than he appears to in Breaking Bad. “Their interactions in Breaking Bad make them appear more neutral towards each other than anything.” They concluded: “The only way I can see him letting it slide is if Kim's death happens after a huge falling out between them.” Better Call Saul season 6 continues Mondays on AMC and the following Tuesday on Netflix.