Defence Secretary Ben Wallace has said that Britain is eyeing up more lethal aid to ship over to Ukraine to help fend off the Russian invasion. This would add to the 4,000 anti-tank weapons known as Next-Generation Light Anti-Tank Weapons Systems (NLAWs), and a small number of Javelins, that Britain has already sent. Weapons expert and fellow at Magdalene College, Cambridge, Hamish de Bretton-Gordon, told Express.co.uk that these weapons have made a “huge impact”. He said: “I think the Javelin and the NLAW, and of course, the UK has done a lot of training of the Ukraine military over the last few years, has had a huge impact not to be underestimated. “Teaching people how to fight in built-up areas is a hell of a skill and Ukrainians are highly skilled. “Whereas the Russians do not seem to have a clue. Russian tanks operating on their own in towns and villages is just suicide. “That is exactly how this is. How they do not know how to fight is just shocking, especially when you consider they were training for months in Belarus. “I think the Red Army will be turning in its grave in Stalingrad seeing how poor they are.” The UK’s NLAWS, which provide close-range defence against tanks, are a meter-long disposable weapons weighing just 27.5 pounds. They can launch a single 150-millimetre diameter missile out to an effective range between 20 and 600 meters, or up to 400 meters for moving targets. Newer models reportedly have an accurate range of up to 800 meters thanks to newer guidance software. According to the British Army, the missile can destroy “any main battle tank in just one shot by striking it from above”, Javelins are a British surface-to-air missiles that can be fired by one man from the shoulder and can also destroy tanks on the battlefield. READ MORE: 'What a legacy for Merkel' Germany humiliated as Russia sanctions fail And Mr de Bretton-Gordon said that the Ukrainians have been “hugely effective” with these short-range anti-tank weapons. He also said drones possessed by the US and UK are “highly-capable”. But he warned that it would take the Ukrainians months to learn how to use them. Luckily, he stressed that the West has “overestimated” the Russian army. He said: “If the Ukrainian army can in effect defeat what is supposed to be the best army in the world at the moment, it is not all bad. DON'T MISS The deadly weapons UK could send to Ukraine to end Putin's invasion [REPORT]UK's energy industry 'is booming' as £300m 'mammoth' factory unveiled [REVEAL] 'Major milestone' Richard Branson to launch rocket from UK soil [INSIGHT] “The idea that Russia will take the whole of Ukraine is ridiculous, not a hope. “I don’t think there is a cat in hells chance they are going to take much more” And he suggested that establishing a “No-Fly Zone”, which is an area established by a military in which certain aircraft are not permitted to fly, could leave Putin in “real trouble”. He added: ‘It is about aircraft and drones doing what we called precision strikes, so taking out key targets.”