David Haye has sensationally picked world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury to lose his WBC title to compatriot Dillian Whyte ahead of their clash at Wembley Stadium next weekend. Haye believes the Gypsy King will suffer a similar fate to his rival Anthony Joshua, who was the overwhelming favourite when he fell to Oleksandr Usyk. Usyk stunned Joshua back in September at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, comfortably outclassing the Brit throughout the contest to snatch his WBA (Super), IBF, WBO and IBO heavyweight titles via unanimous decision. Both men are currently preparing for the rematch, which is reportedly set to take place in Saudi Arabia. After watching one British world champion surprisingly lose his belts, Haye is picking against Fury. To some fans, this comes as no surprise given the beef between the pair has led to Haye incorrectly picking the Gypsy King to lose in the past. While Haye admitted he was impressed by Fury in the last two fights of the Brit’s epic trilogy against Deontay Wilder, he believes Whyte will stun fans around the world by topping the 33-year-old under the Wembley arch. Haye – who had bouts against Fury fall through while he has also sparred Whyte – insists the April 23 fight will be an ‘all-out slugfest from the first bell’. READ MORE: Dillian Whyte finally fulfils 'Clause 11' of Tyson Fury contract to de Haye believes Whyte’s impressively long reach will unsettle Fury and throw him off his game, as the WBC champion is usually used to being the fighter with the longest reach. The 41-year-old, who retired from professional boxing in 2018, thinks the Brixton Body Snatcher has a real opportunity at upsetting Fury. “If I had a pound, I’d put it on Dillian Whyte for the upset,” Haye told Boxing Social. “Yeah, I’m going with Dillian with the massive, massive upset. “We had an upset with Anthony Joshua (against Oleksandr Usyk). It happens, crazy stuff happens. And in the heavyweight division, when you think you have things figured out, something crazy happens. And someone crazy is Dillian Whyte, and the fact that he’s not interested in doing any promotion, all he wants to do is get in the ring and fight, I think that’s a positive.” Whyte will get his first and arguably overdue crack at a world title when he takes on the man who many believe to be the pinnacle of the heavyweight division on April 23 at Wembley Stadium. While many fans expect Fury to secure the win, Haye is holding strong with his view - and doubled down recently. DON'T MISSFury's US promoter Arum vows to 'cut ties' with Kinahan companiesJoshua to be denied 'big advantage' by Usyk as UK fight looks unlikelyAnthony Joshua vs Oleksandr Usyk 'delayed as talks restart over date' “I wouldn’t be surprised if he potentially overlooked Dillian Whyte because he’s on such a high, such a roll,” Haye told talkSPORT. “The world recognises him unequivocally as the number one, the lineal champion. No one could really put a solid argument why he isn’t number one and it’s for a good reason. “At some stage or another, he’s won the belts legitimately. The other champions haven’t, they’ve won vacant belts. So, in his mind and his team’s mind in most of the boxing people’s minds, he’s the best and Dillian Whyte has lost against Povetkin a couple of fights ago. “I just feel that this is his opportunity to shock the world. You’ll get massive odds betting on Dillian Whyte. No one is really backing him whatsoever. But, you know, the type of opponent that you’d need to beat Tyson Fury, Dillian Whyte has all of those attributes. He can punch hard, he’s got cardio for days he’s got the desire and belief in himself. “I think Whyte is going to pull up the upset. I think this is his opportunity. I think this is what he’s been waiting for. This happened at the right time for him and I think the fact that Tyson Fury’s so highly regarded by everybody, works in Dillian’s favour. So, I’m going with the unpopular underdog.”