Paul Hollywood and Prue Leith welcomed a host of new celebrities to the Bake Off tent on Tuesday but fans spotted a familiar face. Matt Lucas, who usually hosts the Channel 4 show with Noel Fielding, stepped into bake alongside singer Elliot Gleave, also known as Example, DJ Annie Mac and comedian Ed Gamble. However, Prue wasn’t impressed with Paul favouring Matt in the first challenge. For the first challenge, the celebrities had to prepare some biscuits. Example opted for a unicorn design, Ed prepared some skull-shaped biscuits and Annie prepared some fish-shaped treats. Arsenal supporter Matt decided to bake some biscuits dedicated to his football team. All of the bakers impressed Prue and Paul but Matt’s biscuits received a coveted handshake. Read more: Prue Leith says older people 'like giddy teens when they fall in love' However, Prue wasn’t happy with Paul dishing out a handshake for the Bake Off host. Commenting on the host’s new role, Noel remarked: “This is like a dream, a weird dream that we’re having.” Matt said to Paul and Prue: “I remembered you don’t like too much icing.” “But at the same time we don’t like none,” Paul swiped. “Well that’s why there isn’t none, there’s some,” the comedian hit back. Paul pointed out the biscuits were all of varying thickness. “Yes that’s intentional,” Matt quipped. “This is artisan food, let me tell you a bit about food. “This is artisan food it’s not supposed to be identical.” As the judges tucked in, Noel commented: “Good snap, watch your teeth Prue.” DON'T MISSBake Off's Prue Leith says she won't be made Dame by Royal Family [INTERVIEW] Celebrity Bake Off star insists show bosses were ‘deliberately mean’ [VIDEO]Celebrity Bake Off 2022 cast: Who is in the SU2C special? [INSIGHT] Paul pointed out the biscuits were all of varying thickness. “Yes that’s intentional,” Matt quipped. “This is artisan food, let me tell you a bit about food. “This is artisan food it’s not supposed to be identical.” As the judges tucked in, Noel commented: “Good snap, watch your teeth Prue.” Referring to being given a helping hand by Paul, Matt said: “All the bits I did myself I congratulate myself and all the bits you did, well done you.” “I think you needed to be more even with your rolling out,” Paul critiqued. Matt said: “But these biscuits came from love and love comes in all different shapes and sizes.” “Great flavour,” Paul began before Noel interrupted and chanted: “Handshake, handshake, handshake.” But as Paul reached out his hand, Prue batted it away: “Come on I won’t let you do that.” However, she was unable to stop him and Matt received an infamous Hollywood handshake. “Take no notice,” Prue stated as Matt later added to camera: “His hands feel a bit coarse like a builder but there’s truth and love and honesty there.” For the technical challenge, the celebrities had to prepare jam doughnuts and for the signature, they were asked to bake a cake themed around a job they had before they became famous. After a tough competition, Example was crowned Star Baker. The Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up to Cancer continues on Channel 4 on Tuesday at 8pm.