The far-left Eurosceptic candidate suggested his fight against President Macron would continue into the summer. Voters in France will go to the polls again on June 12 and June 19 to elect politicians to the country's national assembly in Paris. Mr Melenchon, who also stood for the presidency in 2012 and 2017, said: "I am asking the French people to elect me as their Prime Minister by voting for a majority of their MPs from the France Unbowed party and our popular union group." He added: "There is a third round to come. "Not only a second round but also a third." Melenchon's far-left La France Insoumise party only managed to return 17 MPs in the 2017 election. JUST IN: 'France's tragedy begins!' Frexit leader slams Macron after two people shot dead in Paris However, the Bouches-du-Rhone MP now hopes a left-wing coalition can help ensure he heads up a power-sharing, "cohabitation" government. Support for Melenchon, who has been dubbed as the French version of Jeremy Corbyn, has steadily increased over his three unsuccessful presidential bids. The ex-Education Minister received just 11.1 percent of the vote in 2012. He went on to obtain 19.6 percent in 2017 before peaking at 22 percent a fortnight ago. READ MORE: Two dead as Paris police open fire while protesters take to streets Melenchon even pushed National Rally's Marine Le Pen close in the first round. He was just 421,308 votes short of entering the second ballot instead of his far-right compatriot. However, Ms Le Pen went head-to-head with Mr Macron last night in their second consecutive contest. Mr Macron came out on top, albeit by a smaller margin than in 2017. DON'T MISS:Macron delivers victory speech & claims to be "guardian" of France [VIDEO]Read why Macron's challenger Marine Le Pen admitted defeat [INSIGHT]'Don't want Macron and don't want Le Pen!' French voter exasperated [REACTION] The French President is set to return to the Elysee Palace and receive 58.8 percent of the vote compared to 41.2 percent for the far-right candidate, according to IPSOS. Ms Le Pen, who has contested three presidential elections, described the 2022 result as a "victory in itself". She added: "I will continue my commitment to France and the French. "It’s not over. In a few weeks, we have the legislative elections."