The Italian Sports Public Prosecutor has reportedly requested a 16-month ban for Tottenham's Managing Director of Football Fabio Paratici as part of an ongoing investigation into fictitious capital gains. The Spurs chief has found himself caught up in the centre of the controversy that involves up to 11 clubs and 61 executives.  The trial has placed a total of 62 operations under the microscope from the last three campaigns (2018/19, 2019/20 and 2020/21). A number of Italy's top clubs including Juventus, Napoli, Sampdoria, Parma, Empoli and Genoa have found themselves in potential hot water. All of the alleged guilty parties are accused of involvement in inflating transfer fees in order to balance their books. It's claimed the activity was centred around numerous corrupt deals - including player exchanges - with an exterior motive of juggling their own club's finances. READ MORE: Man Utd 'to rival Tottenham' for bargain Dean Henderson replacement on free transfer At Tuesday morning's trial that commenced at around 10:30am in Italy, Paratici found himself facing the potential threat of a ban, as per Gianluca Di Marzio. The 49-year-old was not alone though with Juventus president Andrea Agnelli and Pavel Nedved also under fire. The Federal Prosecutor's Office is understood to have requested a 16-month and 10-day ban for Paratici - which would undoubtedly affect his current position with Spurs if found guilty. A 12-month ban was encouraged for Agnelli while Nedved was facing the threat of an eight-month suspension. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag wants to sign 'two of Ajax's best players' for Man Utd once named new managerArsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer after consulting BenficaBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star Gabriel There has already been an agreement that there will be no immediate penalties in regards to current Serie A standings, such as point deductions. Napoli figurehead Aurelio De Laurentiis - a notoriously tough negotiator - could also be hit with an 11-month ban. Serie B and Serie C clubs Pisa, Pescara, Pro Vercelli, Chievo Verona and Novara are also under investigation. Paratici joined Spurs from Juventus last June following his departure from Turin after 11 years with the Italian giants. He has been a key figure in the club's transfer business, assisting Daniel Levy with negotiations and targets. It was a busy first summer in north London for Paratici, who secured the signings of Bryan Gil, Emerson Royal, Pape Sarr, Cristian Romero and Pierluigi Gollini. January also proved productive following the captures of Rodrigo Bentancur and Dejan Kulusevski, both of which he worked with during his time in Turin. The pair have helped turn Tottenham's season around with Antonio Conte's side now on course to secure a top-four finish in the Premier League.