Ferrari are likely to 'prioritise Charles Leclerc as quickly as possible' to avoid any inter-team rivalry in the title battle, according to ex-F1 driver Timo Glock. The former Toyota driver said Leclerc would not be given special treatment to “such an extreme” at this stage. However, he said Carlos Sainz was already a big distance behind, which could see Ferrari throw their weight behind Leclerc, who sits top of the standings after two victories from three races. The Prancing Horse has a history of using team orders to avoid disputes. Michael Schumacher was famously given preference over team-mate Rubens Barrichello, culminating in the Scuderia allowing Schumacher to pass for points on just round six. Fernando Alonso was also able to pass Felipe Massa during the 2010 German Grand Prix. Speaking to Sky Germany, Glock said: “Within the team, the leader is already relatively clear at an early stage. I’m sure Ferrari will prioritise Charles as quickly as possible in certain situations. “Not yet to such an extreme, of course. But Leclerc is the World Championship leader and Carlos Sainz is already a certain distance behind him.” Sainz suffered a nightmare weekend in Melbourne, crashing on lap two after suffering steering wheel issues. READ MORE: Brundle tells Sainz his awkward Leclerc prediction is coming true The Spaniard finds himself third in the championship, 38 points behind Leclerc having been jumped by Mercedes' George Russell after the Briton's consistent start. Sainz is yet to beat Leclerc this season, having finished second and third at the Bahrain and Saudi Arabian Grands Prix. Sky Sports F1 commentator Martin Brundle made similar remarks after the Australian Grand Prix. He warned Sainz making a comeback was “not out of the question” but stressed he may be the team’s number two driver for the rest of the campaign after Leclerc's sensational start. DON'T MISSCharles Leclerc asks Ferrari to fix 'problem' after Hamilton wish [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton has Ferrari wish as Mercedes ace left baffled by rivals [ANALYSIS]Ferrari avoiding Michael Schumacher repeat with Charles Leclerc [COMMENT] He said: “He may well end up having to play a supporting role to Leclerc from here, depending on how the competition shapes up and if he can win the next couple of races, which is not out of the question." However, Ferrari boss Mattia Binotto addressed team order rumours head-on after Sunday's race, stressing the drivers were still free to race. He said: “They are free to fight. I think that’s important for us. For Carlos, I think it's important for him to prove the speed and the pace. He will come back. I will enjoy then the battle for a good position in the championships.”