Officers deployed a helicopter to pursue the vehicle, believed to have been stolen some days earlier, as it travelled along a dual-carriageway near Rochdale, Greater Manchester, at around 9.35pm. The BMW is then understood to have smashed into two other vehicles in nearby Middleton and, though three men fled the scene, they were located and arrested a short time later. Two of the men required hospital treatment for what police described as "minor injuries." A 20-year-old man is now in custody having been arrested on suspicion of burglary, dangerous driving and possession of a bladed article. The other two men - aged 18 and 19 - were arrested on suspicion of burglary. The occupants of the two other vehicles involved in the collision - two men and a woman - were also taken to hospital. Their injuries are said to be minor, Manchester Evening News reports.  A spokesperson for Greater Manchester Police said today: "Three men are in police custody after a stolen car crashed in Middleton. Officers spotted the suspect car - a BMW believed to have been stolen in Royton, Oldham on 7 April - near junction 19 of the M60 at about 9:35pm last night (10 April). "A GMP patrol followed the stolen car towards Rochdale and then back towards Middleton before the pursuit was discontinued and picked up by the force helicopter. The stolen vehicle then collided with two vehicles on Townley Street, Middleton, at about 10:15pm. "Three males fled the scene on foot but were arrested a short time later with two requiring hospital treatment for minor injuries. A 20-year-old male has been arrested on suspicion of burglary, dangerous driving and possession of a bladed article. "The other two - aged 18 and 19 - have been arrested on suspicion of burglary. The occupants of the other two vehicles - two men and a woman - were taken to hospital with minor injuries."  A spokesperson for Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service said: "Just after 10.30pm this evening (Sunday 10 th April), two fire engines from Chadderton and Heywood fire station along with the Technical Response Unit from Ashton were called to reports of a road traffic collision involving three vehicles on Oldham Road, Middleton. "Crews arrived quickly at scene. One person was rescued from one of the vehicles by the Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service. Firefighters and colleagues from North West Ambulance Service treated eight people at the scene, before they were taken to hospital. "Firefighters were in attendance for around an hour and a half." 