When Brie Larson was introduced as Captain Marvel, a lot changed for the ongoing Marvel Cinematic Universe. The newest member of the Avengers became the first-ever inductee into the Avengers initiative - brought on board by Nick Fury (Samuel L Jackson). But the iconic intergalactic hero endured a large change in her origin story from the comic books, and it all has to do with her cat and Star Wars. In the Marvel movie the alien cat, Goose, is a big part of her story. Not only does Goose protect the Tesseract for most of the movie, but it also gave Nick Fury the devastating scar across his eye that he gets to be known for. Originally, in the Marvel comic books, Goose was originally named Chewie - after Chewbacca - Han Solo's righthand Wookiee. But when the directors of Captain Marvel, Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck, began working on the film's script, they decided to change things up, and gave Goose a different origin. Fleck said: "It wasn’t a big thing. It just felt like Star Wars was so part of the culture that, it just felt like we wanted to remove it a little bit, you know, the nostalgia for the Star Wars movies which there are so many of around us." Fleck went on to add: "You know when we were kids, Star Wars felt like it was something from the 70s and 80s, and I think that was the spirit of Chewie from the comics but we felt like we wanted to sort of just slide away from that slightly." Eventually, Chewie was renamed Goose - in reference to the character Goose from the 1986 Tom Cruise movie Top Gun (played by Anthony Edwards). Director Boden chimed in: "Yeah, and just the idea of having a reference that would have been so specific to Carol Danvers’ past, as her past in the movie itself being a pilot in the 1980s when Top Gun was out and having a reference that felt a little bit more specific to her, whereas Chewie, when the comics were being written was a very specific reference in time but now with all the movies out it feels more contemporary and not so specific to her past." Behind the scenes, Goose was actually played by four different professional cat actors named Reggie, Gonzo, Archie and Rizzo. Larson could not get on with any of the four cats, however. READ MORE: Doctor Strange 2: ‘More surprises than Endgame, No Way Home combined’ Larson realised on the set of Captain Marvel that she was extremely allergic to cats. This meant that her scenes with Goose became very complicated to shoot. At times, she couldn't even be in the same room as the felines. Larson said at one point: "It became this joke because the crew would watch me all day doing crazy stunts. But then the cat showed up on set and I was like: 'We need to have a plan! We need to have a conversation!'" The 32-year-old added during another interview: "It’s weird how you can train and get your body to do insane things but allergies are kind of a hard stop. That’s where your body’s like: 'That’s it.'" DON'T MISS...Doctor Strange 2: ‘More surprises than Endgame, No Way Home combined’ [NEWS]Moon Knight fans emotional after Gaspard Ulliel title card [INFO]Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness reviews: When they arrive [INSIGHT] Larson explained how she would take allergy medication "every day, no matter what". "I’m just, like, allergic to the planet for some reason," she said. If Larson's character Carol Danvers did not have to touch Goose the cat actors would not be on set. Instead, a stuffed cat stand-in was on set to take their place. Director Boden revealed: "We'd have somebody there to wipe her hands afterwards and to make sure that the cat wasn't hanging around on set when it didn't need to be." Captain Marvel was the first Marvel movie written by a woman and the first to focus on a woman alone. To note this, the movie was released on International Woman's Day, March 8, in 2019. After it hit cinemas it made more than $1.1 billion at the box office. Captain Marvel is available to watch on Disney Plus now. SOURCE / SOURCE / SOURCE