The increase in hospitalisations follows a rise in infections in March. It comes as the World Health Organisation (WHO) said on Monday it is tracking dozens of cases of two new sub-variants of the highly transmissible Omicron strain to assess whether they are more infectious or dangerous.   Figures from the Office for National Statistics show one in 13 people in England are infected with Covid. Health Secretary Sajid Javid said this was to be expected after the lifting of restrictions and the Government is not concerned due to the fact that Omicron causes a milder illness. The NHS Confederation has called for mitigating actions, such as the return of limits on indoor mixing and masks in crowded spaces, to curb the spread of the virus. It has warned Easter could be as bad as any winter for the NHS if the Government does not step in, urging ministers to reinvigorate a public information campaign on COVID-19    But Downing Street rejected the proposals, adding, however, that it was "alive to the pressures" the NHS is facing. A No 10 spokeswoman said: "There is no change to our guidance and our living with Covid plan still stands. "Thanks to a combination of vaccination and treatment and our better understanding of the virus we are now able to manage it as we do with other respiratory infections, so that remains the case with our approach. "But obviously we continue to monitor any changes in the behaviour of the virus."   Meanwhile, the WHO has added BA.4 and BA.5, sister variants of the original BA.1 Omicron variant, to its list for monitoring. It is already tracking BA.1 and BA.2 - which are now globally dominant - as well as BA.1.1 and BA.3. The WHO said it had begun tracking them because of their additional mutations, which need to be further studied to understand their impact on immune escape potential. The two sub-lineages of Omicron were first detected in South Africa and since then the mutations have quickly "dominated" cases in the country, according to experts.   They have also been detected in Denmark and the UK with the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) dubbing them "variants under concern" in a report on April 8. On the situation in UK hospitals, NHS Medical Director Stephen Powis said: "Alongside increasing numbers of Covid and emergency patients and with 94 percent of beds now occupied, they are also dealing with the highest number of staff off sick due to the virus for 10 weeks – an average of 28,500 staff each day. "Our frontline staff are working closely together with social care providers to ensure patients leave hospital as soon as they are fit to do so, and hospitals have increased bed numbers and created extra capacity in line with increasing pressure." In the week to April 4, 16,407 Covid patients were admitted to hospital.   Asked about the view NHS leaders feel abandoned by the Government, the No 10 spokeswoman said: "We are incredibly grateful to NHS staff who worked flat out throughout the pandemic and continue to do so in the face of Covid backlogs." She admitted the NHS "is clearly under pressure", but said the health and care levy will provide additional funding alongside £10 billion to recover services and relieve Covid pressures.   More to follow...