There are currently approximately 35 licensed gambling operators in Gibraltar. Some British firms have relocated their headquarters to the Rock to take advantage of corporation tax rates, which is 10 percent in the territory. Oliver Bullough, researcher and financial crime author, suggested in his book ‘Butler to the World’ Britain had turned Gibraltar into the “world's biggest online casino”. He said in an interview with publico.es: “In Britain, gambling and betting were considered harmful as addictive and taxed heavily until the mid-1990s, when Victor Chandler and his wife, who ran a leisure and entertainment business, opted to open offices in Antigua and Gibraltar where the Home Rule governments had little or no control over gambling. “Chandler anticipated online gambling, as well as seeing the love of betting on horse racing, even dog racing, or on football results, including the Spanish league, in Asian countries and elsewhere in the world. “Chandler was followed to Gibraltar by the big names in the industry such as Coral, Ladbrokes or William Hill; they closed their administrative headquarters, not their establishments, in Britain and set up their offices with online gambling in Gibraltar.” The company Victor Chandler later became BetVictor in 2004, and in February 2022 faced a £2 million regulatory action after the UK Gambling Commission investigation revealed fairness, social responsibility, and anti-money laundering failures. Mr Bullough also noted Gibraltar's economy was “60 percent dependent in the 1980s on the British Ministry of Defence, which provided 40 percent of the jobs in its shipyards”. He continued: “The Governments in London had no economic alternatives for the colony so they let it become an online casino under the mantle of Tony Blair and Bill Clinton, who invented the concept of responsible consumers who were considered potential gamblers. “Business boomed, and gambling addicts and debt addicts, too, but that wasn't the companies' problem; they lifted the advertising ban as well, so it's worked out well for them.” He also said Brexit has not affected the gambling and betting sector, adding: "Gibraltar is different from Las Vegas or Macau because in those cities most of the casinos are land-based; however, the cities are the same in the sense that their economies depend on gambling and betting and the governments' treatment of these activities.” READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Fishing row erupts as Falklands hammered by tariffs According to publico.es, in 2014 the amount of money gambled online in the UK was valued at £13.4 billion, with an average of £200 per adult. In 2019 the figure was £121.3 billion and the average reached £2,000 per adult. Gambling addicted citizens in the UK have risen from 250,000 to 460,000 in the same five-year period when underage gambling and betting addicts numbered 55,000 in 2019. The same year saw the gambling sector employ 3,800 of Gibraltar's 25,000 people. In 2015, Fabian Picardo, Gibraltar’s Chief Minister, claimed Gibraltar’s Gross Domestic Product (GDP) per capita was currently ranked third in the world, behind Qatar and Luxembourg publico.es said the Rock has climbed to third place in the world ranking of richest by GDP with $111,505 per capita behind Monaco and Qatar and ahead of Luxembourg. Following Brexit, Gibraltar became part of the Schengen Area, and forced the Gibraltar Betting and Gambling Association to review the Gambling Act in the country due to operating within the EU. Additional reporting from Maria Ortega