The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall announced the new venture on their joint official Twitter page. The channel, named @ThePrincesFund, is going to be used to highlight the positive impact of the work the two royals do across the UK and worldwide. It comes after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex launched their own social media account back in 2019, which was also used to highlight the couple's charitable achievements. On Charles and Camilla's official Twitter page, they wrote: "Welcome @ThePrincesFund! The Prince of Wales’s Charitable Fund has launched its own social media channel to highlight the positive impact of their work across the UK, Commonwealth and internationally." So far, the channel has posted about Charles' partnership with Waitrose, in which he founded the 'Duchy Organic' range.  It has also highlighted the future king's small grants programme that supports non-profit organisations and has awarded over £300,000 to more than 100 good causes last year. In a recent post, it read: "Our mission is to transform lives and build sustainable communities by funding a wide range of good causes. "Over the last 20 years, we have awarded grants of more than £70 million to charitable projects in the UK and overseas. "This week, we will introduce our key funding themes." In a similar move back in 2019, Prince Harry and Meghan launched their own social media accounts. READ MORE: 'Emotionally needy' Harry 'utterly taken over by Meghan' as 'whole ... Members of the Royal Family are generally not permitted to have their own personal social media accounts and Meghan Markle's lifestyle site, The Tig, and her social media accounts were deactivated shortly after she began dating the prince. In 2019, the pair launched their own Sussex Royal Instagram page helping them to reach out to their fans and to post about "important announcements". The account gained millions of followers very quickly and currently stands at around 9.7m. The account only follows two pages dedicated to 'good news'. However, the Sussexes haven't posted from the account since they stepped back from their positions as senior roles. DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton is a 'fantastic parent' - 'strong and disciplined' [INSIGHT]Queen's biography to be updated to include the Firm's struggle during [ANALYSIS]Kate and William ban children from social media [COMMENT] They have, however, set up the Archewell Foundation, a non-profit organisation aimed at "driving cultural change". But, so far, there haven't been any social media sites dedicated to the organisation. The couple has spoken out in the past about the negative aspects of social media, with the Duchess of Sussex speaking about the "almost unsurvivable" experience of online trolling. She previously said she deleted her accounts for her "own self-preservation". 