Conor Gallagher might be ready to give Mason Mount a run for his money when he returns to Chelsea at the end of the season. Liverpool have also been tipped to enquire about his availability in what is a pivotal summer at Stamford Bridge this transfer window. Chelsea star Mount might be forgiven for looking over his shoulder a little nervously this summer when Gallagher returns to the fold. The Crystal Palace loanee has been in sensational form this campaign, topped off by his gusto display against Arsenal on Monday night. Thomas Tuchel has already declared he is looking forward to greeting Gallagher back for pre-season training ahead of next year. It is not difficult to understand why, the midfielder has had a sensational term at Palace. The 22-year-old has scored eight times and assisted three in 26 Premier League games this season but it is his electric energy that has got everyone talking. It has even placed him firmly in with a strong shout of making the England squad ahead of the Qatar World Cup this winter. For that to happen, however, he'll have to continue playing regular football. As Chelsea approach a significant summer transfer window, some tough decisions will have to be made over the current playing staff. But one unlikely departure could be Gallagher, who can add another dimension to the Blues attack. Where he plays in Tuchel's system remains a mystery - there has been talk that he could replace N'Golo Kante and play alongside Mateo Kovacic. However, Gallagher's swashbuckling style often leaves gaps behind him - a big no-no if you want to fit in Chelsea's double-pivot midfield. That leaves only the further two spots either side of a striker - or behind two strikers - exactly where Mount plays. The 23-year-old has had a brilliant campaign to date, scoring eight and assisting seven in 25 Premier League matches. But there have been signs of a slight decline in form and while that can be expected of a young talent, with someone chomping at your heels like Gallagher that could lead to a problematic period. That will not put Mount off, the sheer nature of the player will relish the challenge - which can only be good news for Chelsea. However, the disadvantage of that is the potential unhappiness within the squad over a lack of playing-time. Liverpool have already been tipped to make a move for Gallagher, who would fit in a dream under Jurgen Klopp. Whether Chelsea sell to a direct rival remains unlikely but their current predicament amid their ownership toils mean that they might have to take what offers they can get. Several players have been linked with moves away including Timo Werner, Armando Broja and Hakim Ziyech while the likes of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen are out of contract at the end of the season.