Inflation is running rampant in the UK, and the ordinary person’s money is going a lot less further than it usually would. But Brits aren’t the only ones dealing with a huge spike in the cost of goods, with parts of the EU in a considerably worse position than the UK. Rising energy prices are the main driver of inflation across the UK and the EU. Within the EU, the price of energy is predicted to have inflated to around 44 percent in March 2022, according to Eurostat. The rise in costs is due to supply and demand on the global wholesale market, as well as the war in Ukraine. Much of the EU is reliant on Russia for gas and oil exports - but the UK bucks this trend by supplying its own and importing from other countries. READ MORE: India trade deal: Boris declares aim for multi-billion pound boost UK inflation is currently at seven percent according to the Bank of England, which means goods are seven percent more expensive than they were a year ago. The Euro area average has surpassed the UK, with inflation continuing to rise in several countries. The most recent Eurostat prediction puts EU inflation at 7.5 percent in March - up from 5.9 percent in February. Lithuania has the highest inflation rate in the EU, with an estimated rate of 15.6 percent - more than twice the UK’s rate. The Baltic states are fairing the worst in Europe, with Estonia and Latvia recording inflation as high as 14.8 and 11.2 percent respectively. A little closer to home, the Netherlands is among those with very high inflation rates, now predicted to have hit 11.9 percent in March. In the Netherlands, energy costs were an incredible 157 percent more expensive as of March 2022 than in the same month last year. DON'T MISSHow a Marine Le Pen win will be 'fatal for Europe' [ANALYSIS]EU tries to bully Britain with ultimatum for UK-based scientists [REPORT]How the EU provides more funding to Russia than it does to Ukraine [INSIGHT] The remarkable leap has pushed the country’s inflation to its highest level since May 1976. Belgium currently has an estimated inflation rate of 9.3 percent - which is 0.2 percentage points down from February. However, Belgians have a little more luck than other countries when it comes to inflation, as pay rates are pegged to the HICP (Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices).  Of the EU superpowers Germany and France, the former is faring worse, with an inflation rate of 7.6 percent. France is actually recording one of the lowest inflation rates in the EU, with a comparatively small inflation spike of 5.1 percent. France has enacted measures to limit the amount bill payers fork out for energy costs, which will be reducing the country’s overall rate of inflation.