Kate Sharma (played by Simone Ashley) and her sister Edwina (Charithra Chandran) are all but confirmed to return in the highly anticipated third season of Bridgerton. The latest outing of Netflix’s smash hit period drama has been just as successful as the first, and fans are hoping for more romantic moments between Kate and her new husband Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey) when the series continues. Series newcomer Simone has confirmed she wants to see more intimate moments between Anthony and his new wife in Bridgerton season three. Although the second instalment toned down the show’s infamous sex scenes, there were still some intense romantic encounters between the pair in the later episodes. Certain fans felt the show was missing some of its trademark raunch, especially after over a year of anticipation, though the central romance still managed to keep the attention of millions of Netflix subscribers worldwide. Simone has since assured them there will be plenty more steamy scenes between Kate and Anthony to come if she gets her way in season three. READ MORE: Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series “I think there's much to be explored with Kate and Anthony,” she confirmed. “And I think that's something I'd like to see even more in season three.” After Simon Basset star Regé-Jean Page dropped out of the series after just one season, fans were concerned the Sharma sisters may also be one-off additions to the proceedings. Thankfully, both Simone and Charithra have confirmed they are more than willing to come back as part of the regular cast for season three and beyond. While Edwina is still on the search for a husband, Kate will hopefully get plenty more alone time with Anthony after their wedding in the season finale. Some of Bridgerton’s sex scenes may seem rather scandalous compared to other period dramas, but Simone actually found them some of Kate’s most empowering moments. She recalled one example: “We have a moment in episode seven where Kate's the one to give consent and she's like, ‘don't stop, don't stop,’ translating to, ‘I want this, I want this,’ which is so powerful in itself. “That scene in episode seven was incredibly empowering because Kate really does take the reins in that sense and she knows what she wants, and it was amazing to kind of represent that for women and to tell that narrative.” DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul fans outraged over missing Gene scenes [REACTION]Life After Life boss worried he 'terrified' cast with restrictions [INSIGHT]Life After Life cast on sharing apartments with MAFS stars [INTERVIEW] Not only is a young woman shown to be enjoying sex with her husband, a rarity in most Regency-era dramas, Bridgerton takes the time to ensure everything is fully consensual. Simone opened up more about filming with Jonathan during her recent appearance on the Reign with Josh Smith podcast. “Then in episode eight she's the one to say, ‘no, come on, pants on, we've gotta go outside now’,” she continued. Not only is Kate able to give enthusiastic consent, but she also has enough power in the relationship to turn Anthony down without any fear of repercussions. Simone explained: “She's in charge, it's amazing and I think I would like to explore that even more in season three. I think it's important to see. “It is incredibly empowering because you feel so safe and when you do feel safe and comfortable it breeds confidence and you feel so confident in your body and in your spirit and what you wanna share. “It's a very vulnerable moment and me and Johnny would say that to each other, ‘you know, this is deeply vulnerable and we're just so grateful that we can share it with one another and create this together in such a safe space.’ it was incredibly empowering.” Bridgerton season three will undoubtedly introduce a brand new romance for fans to enjoy when it’s eventually released, but hopefully Kate and Anthony will also get a look-in after their whirlwind romance hit screens last month. Bridgerton seasons 1 and 2 are available to stream on Netflix.