After quitting their duties as senior royals in 2020, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex moved to America to pursue a financially independent life away from the Firm in what became known as Megxit. Stepping back from the Royal Family has allowed Meghan, 40, and Harry, 37, to pursue a number of commercial career opportunities. One of which saw the pair sign a lucrative contract with streaming giant Spotify – speculated to be worth £18million – which sees the pair creating content for the platform. So far the pair have partnered with the brand to host a holiday special that featured a special cameo from their two-year-old son Archie and other celebrity names. Since then, the Duchess of Sussex has announced her latest project - a podcast entitled ‘Archetypes’. The podcast is hosted by Meghan who will speak to historians, experts and women who have experienced being typecast, capitalising on Meghan’s campaign work on the topic of female empowerment. In a video for his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean claims that the couple could use the project in a “very clever way” to voice Meghan’s “side of the story”. He claims that the Duchess may use the podcast to “realign her most severe of critics” but in a subtle way. He makes reference to a source who he alleges is “working very closely on the Spotify project” for his information. He said: “According to a good source, Meghan does plan to introduce topics [in the podcast], perhaps about motherhood, parenting, family relations, fallouts and that sort of stuff will be addressed head-on.” READ MORE: Camilla 'bores Charles' with her updates on her favourite BBC show He added: “While you will not actually be hearing her mention those particular problematic areas of her life, you will be able to decipher – should you wish – the bones of the conversation and more importantly exactly how she sees the situation unfolding, whether she’s giving advice or discussing a topic related to something very similar. “It’s a very shrewd move in a way because of course it does get her side of the story out while actually attacking anyone or addressing those thorny issues, particularly things like where she hasn’t spoken to her father in over four years.” He claims the Duchess could address this topic with a special podcast episode on fathers or father’s day. Mr Sean went on to add: “So this way Meghan gets her voice out, the voice that she likes to be heard with, but without actually for once allegedly upsetting anybody." DON'T MISS Sarah Ferguson rejoins social media after Andrew’s error [INSIGHT] Queen puts people at ease with unique two-word technique [REVEAL] Queen and Prince Charles in 'dual monarchy' for 'some time' [REPORT] In a trailer for the Archewell Audio project, the Duchess says: “This is how we talk about women: the words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us. But where do these stereotypes come from? And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives?’. Meghan then goes on to detail the kind of guests who will feature on the podcast episodes. She says: “This is Archetypes – the podcast where we dissect, explore and subvert the labels that try to hold women back. “I’ll have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives. And I’ll talk to historians to understand how we even got here in the first place.” Neil Sean also chimed in on his thoughts on the podcast in his YouTube video. He said: “Archetypes is all about empowering people. People who’ve overcome difficulties in their lives and it all sounds incredibly good.” However, he did point out that he found it “strange” because there are already podcasts that are similar to the one being offered by the Sussexes. He added: “They don’t have Harry and Meghan’s profile but, more importantly, a lot of people with a lot more expertise are actually making these on a daily or weekly basis.”