Arsenal and Tottenham could enter a bidding war to sign Inter Milan ace Lautaro Martinez. The 24-year-old has become one of the best forwards in Serie A over the last few seasons and has been tipped to leave the club this summer. Arsenal are short of options up front after they cancelled Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s contract in January and allowed him to move to Barcelona. Alexandre Lacazette, who is currently leading the Gunners frontline, is out of contract at the end of the season and looks likely to call time on his Arsenal career. Tottenham, meanwhile, could face the prospect of losing star striker Harry Kane this summer if he can finally secure a move to one of the Premier League big-hitters. According to CalcioMercato, Spurs boss Antonio Conte has included Martinez’s name on a list of transfer targets he has given to sporting director Fabio Paratici. And Arsenal chiefs want Martinez as they have every intention of giving manager Mikel Arteta a great striker next season. READ MORE: Arsenal on alert as Leicester 'consider selling James Maddison' to raise transfer funds   Martinez is contracted to Inter until the summer of 2026 after putting pen-to-paper on a new contract last October. The Argentina international apparently no longer has a release clause in his contract - but an offer of £67million could be enough to turn the heads of Inter chiefs. And that may represent good business for the north London rivals if the attacker can keep up his output in England. Martinez has struck 16 goals in all competitions this season after finding the back of the net on 19 occasions during the last campaign. He has also scored 19 goals in 37 matches for Argentina and is expected to lead the line for his country at this year’s World Cup in Qatar. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford jobTottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle winLiverpool skipper Henderson caught on camera protecting Fabinho - 'Proper leader'     Martinez had previously formed a formidable partnership with Romelu Lukaku at Inter before the Belgium international left to join Chelsea for a second time last summer. And the star could be tempted to follow his ex-team-mate to England. Martinez is thought to earn around £96,000 a week in Italy and isn’t pushing for a move away from Inter at present. But if Spurs and Arsenal come in for him this summer, his stance could quickly change. The north London duo are yet to submit any official proposals for the player - but their interest should heat up ahead of next season if they lose some of their current stars when the summer transfer window opens. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 