Princess Anne, 71, is on the second leg of her Oceania tour. Earlier today, the royal arrived in Papua New Guinea wearing a beige pinstripe suit as she came off her luxury private plane. But for her first official engagement in the country, the Princess Royal and her husband Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence travelled to meet the Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea, James Marape.  Princess Anne was photographed listening to a speech by the Prime Minister. She wore a beautiful green silk dress with circular designs printed across the fabric. The silk dress appeared to replicate a suit with a loose silk green tie attached to the collar of the dress. Underneath the dress, Anne could be seen wearing beige kitten heels, accentuated with a little bow.  These are the same shoes which the Princess wore to the memorial service for her late father, Prince Philip, two weeks ago. Anne accessorised with the same brooch which she was wearing earlier. The brooch appears to feature the national bird of Papua New Guinea, the Raggiana bird-of-paradise. The golden brooch shows the two birds sitting side by side on a branch, and added the perfect amount of glam to Anne's green outfit.  She also wore her modern pearl, gold, and diamond earrings which she has been wearing for decades. Although she has worn them for a long time, these earrings have managed to remain visually current and interesting for their entire tenure. The earrings are essentially a deconstructed cluster stud. Instead of circling the central pearl in a neat halo, the gold and diamonds of the setting are stretched and scattered.  The earrings were made by Andrew Grima, who was one of the family’s favourite jewellers in the 1960s and 1970s. The earrings were a sentimental choice for Anne, as they accompanied her on her first royal tour as an adult, and to the same part of the world. She was only 19 when she wore them in Australia with her mother. In 1992, she wore them for her wedding to Timothy Laurence in Scotland.  For today's outfit, Anne paired these earrings with a two-strand pearl necklace for some simple elegance. She also carried with her a beige clutch bag as she gave her speech in front of politicians in Port Moresby. The reception for business leaders and politicians in Port Moresby is just day one of Anne's royal trip to Papua New Guinea. The royal tour is on behalf of the Queen, in celebration of her Platinum Jubilee. As well as the Prime Minister, Princess Anne herself gave a speech, which was listened to by the politicians in attendance. 