According to The Washington Post, Russia sent a diplomatic note warning that US and NATO deliveries of the “most sensitive” weapons systems to Ukraine were “adding fuel” to the conflict there and could bring “unpredictable consequences.” A spokesperson for the US State Department did not confirm that any diplomatic correspondence had been received and reiterated that the US would continue to send weapons to Ukraine.  They said: “What we can confirm is that, along with allies and partners, we are providing Ukraine with billions of dollars worth of security assistance, which our Ukrainian partners are using to extraordinary effect to defend their country against Russia’s unprovoked aggression and horrific acts of violence.” It comes as the US is preparing to send another batch of military equipment worth $800m (£610m) bringing its military spend in Ukraine to $2.6bn since the start of the war in February. The Biden administration has also made it clear that it will be sending increasingly heavy and sophisticated military equipment. This includes helicopters, aerial and marine drones, and long-range 155mm howitzers.  Washington will also be ensuring that Ukrainian military personnel are fully trained in using the equipment. The US has also agreed to send further anti-tank and anti-aircraft missiles that have made a major impact in the conflict so far. Ukraine has claimed that it sank the Russian Black Sea Battleship Moskva on Thursday with Ukrainian-developed Neptune missiles. The UK has also agreed to send more anti-ship missiles to help replenish Kyiv’s stockpiles. READ MORE:Ukraine LIVE: Putin's World War 3 threat torpedoed  According to military experts, Ukraine’s anti-ship missile systems are the key factor that have prevented Russia attempting an amphibious landing around Odessa. However, it is unclear if Moscow has sent similar diplomatic notes to EU countries. On Thursday, German Vice Chancellor Robert Habeck appeared to backtrack from earlier comments calling for the Ukrainian military to be supplied with more weapons when speaking to Politico. He said: “Heavy weapons are synonymous with tanks, and all NATO countries have so far ruled this out to not become targets themselves.” DON'T MISS:  Horror as Putin's doomed Russian navy warship 'was carrying nukes'  [REVEAL] Putin hammer blow as he loses hundreds of tanks [INSIGHT] Vladimir Putin tipped for 'nasty' retaliatory attack as 400 killed  [SPOTLIGHT]  The Czech Republic, however, has expressed its willingness to support Ukraine militarily, sending T-72 tanks and tracked armoured personnel carriers.