Former England star Karen Carney believes the 91,533 fans who watched Barcelona smash rivals Real Madrid 5-2 at Camp Nou will be a catalyst for huge attendances at women’s matches. The game set the record for a crowd at a women’s game and fans took in a seven-goal thriller.   It shattered the previous record held by fellow Spanish side Atletico Madrid. There were 60,739 fans in attendance as Atleti lost 2-0 against Barca in 2019. Barca’s record came on the same week that 20,241 fans watched Manchester United come from behind to beat Everton 4-1 in the Women’s Super League. That figure was a 2021-22 season-high. Former Arsenal and Chelsea midfielder Carney believes clubs can learn a lot from how Barca marketed El Clasico. The 34-year-old predicts attendances at women’s football will continue to rise.   JUST IN: Man Utd star Nemanja Matic admits atmosphere at club 'not fantastic' Carney, an ambassador for the National Lottery Football Weekends, exclusively told Express Sport: “I think it will be the first of many. It was a credit to Barcelona to make it happen – the look and the feel of it was just phenomenal. They did it all right, they marketed it right. For me, there has always been an audience to watch women’s football, it’s just about how we can get it out there and sell it in the correct way. “The football on Wednesday was brilliant – the goals, the skill, the product was just phenomenal. I took away my player side and my pundit hat and just watched it as a fan, sat there screaming at the TV. It was amazing. “You see Xavi [Hernandez] there, [Carles] Puyol, watching the game. Football is for everyone and I think that will be the first of many [with a huge crowd]. We all need to take a look at how they did it because there is a want and a need to watch, because it is just football. If we can continue to push that, we will see many more attendances like that.”   DON'T MISS...West Ham's Manuel Lanzini survives 'car crash' as firefighters called18,000 sign petition to stop Ricketts family buying ChelseaPSV ace Cody Gakpo told Arsenal would be a 'really good' move Carney was pleased to see a diverse crowd at the game, including women, girls, men and boys. She hopes that young boys will soon frequently list women’s players as their icons. The 144-times England international added: “I watched it with some friends and I said, ‘look at the crowd. It’s not just girls, it’s not just women’. There were men and there were young boys. It was diverse. “For me, it should just be about inspiring young girls – it’s important for young girls to have role models because I think there have been a lack of female role models – but… growing up, I had male role models and I enjoyed watching male players play. It should be no different for a young boy to say, ‘wow, look at Lexi Putellas’ or ‘wow, look at Fran Kirby’ or ‘wow, look at Caroline Graham Hansen’. “They should just be saying what a skilful player that is. They should be saying what a shot that is or what a save that is. It shouldn’t be anything else. I always say, I’m a Birmingham fan, I’m not just a Birmingham men’s fan, I’m a fan of Birmingham academy, women’s team, the whole team. that badge is everyone. On Wednesday Barca showed that if you’re a Barca fan then you’re a Barca fan.”    “My heroes would have been that England team with Michael Owen, Lampard, Paul Scholes, Rio. I had to go and actively research the likes of Rachel Yankee and Kelly Smith,” Carney continued. “I had to go on my computer and find out about them. What we’re seeing now is a change in all marketing campaigns, you’re seeing all sets of players. You’re seeing brands put the likes of Lucy Bronze next to another player, it’s great.” Carney was speaking to Express Sport on behalf of the National Lottery Football Weekends campaign. The campaign will make over 100,000 tickets available on a ‘Buy One Get One Free’ basis for National Lottery players for selected matches as a ‘thank you’ for over £12.5million of funding they helped provide to community football clubs during the Covid pandemic. To find out more visit www.thenationallotteryfootballweekends.co.uk      