George Michael’s sudden death at 53 on Christmas Day 2016 left his fans devastated. The singer-songwriting legend had been working on a documentary movie in which he opened up honestly about both his public image and personal private life. Now that film is ready for a posthumous release this summer with the title George Michael Freedom Uncut. An official description reads: “The film delves into the turbulent period after Faith leading up to, during and after the making of his Listen Without Prejudice: Vol 1 album in 1990. At this pivotal period of his life, Michael is able to fight for his artistic freedom and lead the way for others. He meets his first real love, Anselmo Feleppa and navigates both the heartbreak of Anselmo’s early tragic passing from an AIDS-related illness and the devastating loss of his mother. GEORGE MICHAEL FREEDOM UNCUT is also a  brilliant reminder of Michael’s outstanding musical genius during the Wham! years  and throughout his solo career.”  It continues: “The film features timeless duets with George’s favourite artists and explores how he influenced the cultural landscape of his generation as one of the world’s best-selling artists of all time.  Interwoven with exclusive, personal archival footage, this year’s theatrical release includes never-seen-before footage from one of the most iconic videos in music history, Freedom! ’90, directed by Oscar-nominated David Fincher. The music video has been recently remastered in 4K and will screen in full ahead of the main feature in cinemas worldwide.” DON'T MISSPrincess Diana called George Michael about 'her favourite' song [DIANA]Freddie Mercury tribute: George Michael secret pain as he sang [FREDDIE MERCURY]Queen's Roger Taylor and Brian May on George Michael replacing Freddie [QUEEN] George Michael Freedom Uncut runs at 108 minutes and will hit cinemas globally on Wednesday June 22. Director and close friend David Austin said: “The film is George's final work. Narrated by George himself, it is the complete story. George Michael was an inspiring artist whose story deserves to be shared on the  big screen globally.” Among the film’s contributors alongside Michael himself are Stevie Wonder, Sir Elton John, Ricky Gervais, Nile  Rogers, Mark Ronson, Tracey Emin, Liam Gallagher, Mary J. Blige, Jean-Paul  Gaultier, James Corden, Tony Bennett, Cindy Crawford, Naomi Campbell,  Christy Turlington, Linda Evangelista and Tatjana Patitz. Tickets go on sale for cinemas worldwide from Wednesday April 27. More information can be found here.