The Speaker of the House hit out at the Prime Minister for failing to address his answers during Prime Minister's Questions to him. Traditionally, both the leader of the Government and the leader of the Opposition address their questions through the chair of the Speaker. But as Boris Johnson focussed his attention to the rest of the House, Sir Lindsay Hoyle urged him to "sit down" and ensure he speak to him and not his colleagues.  The Speaker said: "Prime Minister. Prime Minister, sit down. "I won't tell you what you've got to say but I can't hear you when you talk that way. "I'm here in the chair, please, if you can help me." The exchange was the result of Boris Johnson launching an attack on the Labour Party for criticising the proposed immigration scheme that would see arriving asylum seekers being flown to Rwanda to have their application processed. PMQs LIVE: ‘You’re out of your tiny mind!’ Boris explodes at Keir for BBC-Ukraine attack Mr Johnson said: "I was slightly taken aback for the Government to be criticised over the policy we have devised to end the deaths at sea in the Channel as a result of cruel criminal gangs. "I was surprised we were attacked for that. "Actually, Mr Speaker, it turns out that policy – do you know who proposed that policy in 2004? It was David Blunkett, who said it was a 21st-century solution to the problem of illegal asylum-seeking and immigration." He then directly addressed Sir Keir Starmer, saying: "He's a Corbynista in a smart Islington suit." READ MORE: Brexit CHAOS: Starmer and Sturgeon in 'cynical ploy' to oust Boris and 'reverse' EU exit The Government has faced substantial criticism since unveiling its new asylum processing policy. Downing Street said the Cabinet was "surprised" to encounter criticism of its Rwanda migrant transfer policy. Mr Johnson's press secretary, asked whether the Prime Minister thought the church leaders had a "duty" to speak out against policies they object to, said: "I think it is for everyone to have their own opinions. DON'T MISS...Ukraine general forced to sit out war freed 'Banged up in Germany' [VIDEO]Death in Paradise star on why BBC bosses made costume 'too big' [INSIGHT]Owen Jones savages Blair's calls for more people to go to uni [REACTION] "It is for the Government, as the Prime Minister set out today, to explain why we are doing the policies we are doing. "As he said just then, he was surprised to be criticised for a policy that is designed to protect." Mr Johnson was criticised by the Archbishop of Canterbury in his Easter Sermon, during which he suggested the new immigration policy would go against the Lord's message. She concurred when asked whether the relationship between No 10 and Lambeth Palace was "good" but did not know when the Prime Minister last met with Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby.