In recent years celebrations to mark the passing of Eid al-Fitr have been somewhat muted owing to the Covid pandemic. But with many countries having now relaxed their rules around travel and social distancing 2022 promises to see the return of large gatherings to mark the special occasion. Eid al-Fitr signals the end of Ramadan which typically lasts between 29 and 30 days. The date at which the month concludes depends on when the next sighting of the crescent moon is made. Eid al-Fitr traditionally begins the day after the crescent moon has been spotted.  READ MORE: ‘Highly effective’ way to kill patio weeds with 29p cooking staple When the moon is seen, it also symbolises the arrival of Shawwal - the tenth month of the Islamic Hijri calendar. The latest moon sighting calculations predict that Eid al-Fitr will be celebrated on Monday, May 2, though it could also be spotted on Sunday, May 1. Muslims celebrating Eid al-Fitr in the UK this year have the added bonus of it falling on a bank holiday weekend. In Arabic, Eid al-Fitr translates as the “feast of breaking the fast” and is marked as a public holiday in most Muslim countries.  When dawn breaks, Muslims will attend a unique prayer, usually at a mosque, to mark Eid al-Fitr that is designed to be performed in a congregation. Celebrations will then move to large gatherings with food, prayer and stalls all present. Once Eid al-Fitr has passed, some Muslims choose to fast for the following six days. The practice comes from the Islamic belief that a good deed in Islam is rewarded 10 times.  DON'T MISS: ‘Rule to remember’ when using paint for a ‘smoother’ finish [EXPLAINER]How to clean grease off your oven using a dishwasher tablet [INSIGHT]EasyJet emergency: Flight from Amsterdam squawks '7700' [NEWS] As a result, fasting for 30 days during Ramadan and six days during Shawwal creates a year’s worth of goodwill. Ramadan is the ninth month of the Islamic calendar and the exact dates for it change every year. Like other Muslim festivals, it’s based on the lunar calendar, which means its position in the Gregorian version moves slightly with each passing.  Throughout the month, Muslims, who are able to, are asked to abstain from food and drink from dawn until dusk. Children, pregnant women, elderly people and those who are ill or travelling don't have to fast. Fasting at Ramadan is one of the five pillars of Islam - the fundamental rules that all Muslims follow - in addition to the Shahadah (declaration of faith), Salat (prayer), Zakat (charity) and the Hajj pilgrimage. Muslims also look at Ramadan as an opportunity to reflect on their life to this point and what their purpose going forward will be. 