Shanghai was plunged into a total lockdown over two weeks ago, with residents now lamenting the measures and warning of dangerously low food stocks. And footage has now emerged showing China's local police forcefully dragging residents out of their flats to turn the buildings into quarantine hubs. Videos show officers clad in white protective gear forcing people onto the streets to be removed and relocated as their homes are taken over by medical staff to quarantine Covid-infected patients. In further footage, residents can be seen confronting the officers trying to approach a building. As a woman is pushed back by one of the policemen, a scuffle breaks out as the visibly frustrated locals protest the local authorities' latest measures. Shanghai's 25 million residents have been locked in their homes since mid-March after a concerning surge of new Covid infections began popping up in the region. China is now battling the worst outbreak of coronavirus since the start of the pandemic in 2020. JUST IN: 'Killing our identity' Frexit calls skyrocket as Le Pen unleashes onslaught on Germany Footage of the clashes has reportedly been censored across China's main social platform, Weibo. Everyone who tests positive must quarantine at designated sites and the neighbours are asked to isolate in their homes for 14 days, which has stoked public fear about the consequences of catching the virus. The business hub has become the epicentre of China's largest outbreak since the virus was first identified, with more than 300,000 COVID infections reported since March. Shanghai began converting schools, recently finished apartment blocks and exhibition halls into quarantine centres. READ MORE: Putin issues terrifying nuclear threat: Vows to send weapons to EU if Sweden joins NATO Officials also announced last week they had set up more than 160,000 beds across more than 100 make-shift hospitals. Authorities in China are allowed to take over buildings and other properties in order to deal with emergency situations. Cities across the country have also occupied facilities to house quarantined residents, triggering complaints from people forced to move out, according to reports on social media. Although Shanghai's 23,000 infections on Friday were down from more than 27,000 the previous day, they included a record 3,200 symptomatic cases, versus 2,573 a day earlier. DON'T MISS: Putin's doomsday 'Dead Hand' device fires 30 nukes at once [ANALYSIS] Xi bolsters terrifying nuclear arsenal as China scrambles to deter US [REVEAL] New 'lethal' weapons Britain will send Ukraine to obliterate Russia [INSIGHT] Coronavirus curbs have also hit travel nationwide, with flag carrier Air China reporting a drop of 70 percent in March traffic from a year ago. Home prices stalled for the second month in a row in China's 70 major cities last month, official data showed on Friday, as the lockdowns sapped consumer confidence and undermined demand. More policy measures are needed to support the economy, the State Council, or cabinet, said on Wednesday, but analysts are unsure if rate cuts would quickly reverse the slump while the government sticks to its COVID policy. Some of those locked down in Shanghai have vented frustration on social media over the difficulties in getting food and poor conditions at central quarantine facilities. Most of Shanghai's shops were closed, except for some with half-opened shutters from which goods were being carried to delivery drivers.  Putin's doomsday 'Dead Hand' device fires 30 nukes at once [ANALYSIS] Xi bolsters terrifying nuclear arsenal as China scrambles to deter US [REVEAL] New 'lethal' weapons Britain will send Ukraine to obliterate Russia [INSIGHT]