They could be making savings and put the money towards covering rising living costs and soaring energy bills. For some people with long term conditions and illnesses, medication is essential and some groups can get them for free. There are 15 groups of people who should be able to get NHS prescriptions for free. Who qualifies for free NHS prescriptions? Britons claiming Universal Credit and Pension Credit have access to free medication if they may need it. NHS prescription items are currently free for over 60s although a proposed policy change would increase the eligibility age to the state pension age, currently 66, if it were to go ahead. READ MORE:  ‘Do I have enough to retire?’ Dave Ramsey suggests a ‘rule of thumb’ for what you need Meanwhile, people who don’t qualify for help could still save money by purchasing a Prepayment Certificate (PPC). This would save someone £40 a year if they rely on one prescription per month. If they need two prescriptions per month, they could save £113.60 a year.There’s the option of purchasing a three month or 12 month certificate. As a rough guide, families whose income does not exceed £15,276 would usually qualify for this extra help. Campaigners are urging Britons to check they are receiving all the state benefits they are entitled to as there are huge savings that could be made. People with certain medical conditions can also apply for free NHS prescriptions though an exemption certificate. Someone can fill out FP92A form from their doctor to apply for this. Their GP will sign the form to verify their application. The certificate will be valid from one month before the date the NHS Business Services Authority receives the application form and will last for five years. A Department for Health and Social Care spokesperson said lots of people are exempt from paying for their prescriptions. They said: “Around 90 percent of community prescriptions in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link between this and the state pension age.” Britons are encouraged to use the government’s eligibility checker tool to find out if they qualify for free prescriptions.