Mrs Hinch fans often share their own cleaning advice on dedicated social media pages, including how to clean dirty television screens. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Laura Cook wrote: “Hey Hinch fans. What’s the best way to clean a television? It’s so dirty from me moving home.” Television screens are positively charged, which means when dust particles fly near it, they instantly stick to the screen. Smears are also a common problem when cleaning screens, especially if not using the correct products. Luckily, more than 40 group members shared their top tips with Laura in the comments. Michelle Toohey wrote: “I would try using a mixture of vinegar and washing up liquid in a bowl with warm water. READ MORE: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants “Dip the cloth in and give it a few wipes over and then dry with a microfibre cloth.” Chloe Siobhan said: “I use a glass cloth and white vinegar for my mirror, windows and televisions. No streaks and gets smears and greasy handprints off.” Ellie McDonald commented: “White vinegar and dry with an old newspaper, leaves it sparkling.” By mixing white vinegar with water, the gentle cleaning solution can help to remove any dirt and dust. DON'T MISS:‘Pruning mistakes’ to avoid this spring - always prune at an angle [COMMENT]What to look out for when viewing houses - check natural light [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share dishwasher tablet tip to clean oven doors [INSIGHT] It is also gentle enough to not leave any scratches behind. Nicola Jane commented: “I used white vinegar, mine was so smeary.” Alice Tinston said: “Two minute job is using white vinegar and water, can add some washing up liquid if you want but it’s not needed. “It leaves a streak-free finish every time on windows and screens, works wonders.” Adding in washing up liquid can help to leave a fragrant and fresh scent in the home. It can also help to target extra dirty screens, if there are large fingerprints and smudges. Mrs Hinch fans recommended using the Minky M Cloth Glass & Window, which can be used on its own to clean. Made from millions of tightly woven high density microfibres, the cloth can clean surfaces and remove smears. Other group members advised the cleaning fan to stay away from window cleaners or glass cleaners as they could harm the screen. Pauline Jackson said: “Minky green cloth works wonders, you don’t need any product.” Ann-Marie Martin wrote: “Just water and a Minky cloth to buff.” Claire London commented: “Wash it off once with white vinegar and then just use water and a cloth, no products needed.”