Ardal O'Hanlon entertained Death In Paradise fans for several years as DI Jack Mooney. He left the BBC show to pursue his passion and return to his stand-up comedy roots. He wrapped his time on Saint Marie in 2020 and his comedy revival was short-lived when the pandemic struck the world just days after his last gig.   Season 11 of Death in Paradise wrapped at the beginning of 2022 with Ralf Little as lead DI Neville Parker. Ralf took over the reins from Ardal when his character decided to leave the show and return to the UK with his on-screen daughter. Starting off as a comedian in Dublin, he has performed during Live at the Apollo, appeared on Who Do You Think You Are? and made a name for himself as Father Ted in a show of the same name. His departure from the long-running BBC show Death in Paradise came at a difficult time, with lockdown restrictions putting an end to live events within the arts and culture sector. Read More: 'Been through a lot together' Cillian Murphy says goodbye to Peaky Blinders after 10 years  He said: "I was the luckiest comedian alive – the last gig of my 18-month tour was on March 7, 2020, and then the world shut down." The star revealed he used his spare time to utilise some of his other skills. He continued: "So I set to work on my second novel, Brouhaha [to be published in May], and it saved my life during lockdown." Despite having time off from live comedy to work on the TV show he couldn't wait to get back on the road.  Aidan added: "It used to be that I found it stressful, but now it’s something I get a great kick out of. "There is a need – an itch to scratch – and although I try to leave it behind, I can’t," he told Radio Times. The star informed fans that he would be leaving the show in 2019 and in his statement to the BBC he said: "I’ve spent the last four summers in Guadeloupe playing DI Jack Mooney (solving over 20 murder cases in my time there)." “It’s been a hugely rewarding and unforgettable experience, working with incredibly talented actors, directors and crew while discovering a magical part of the world. DON’T MISS…All Creatures Great and Small's Mrs Hall star explains her reluctance for romance [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin heartbroken as Toyah Battersby adopts baby Alfie [SPOILERS]The Walking Dead’s Leah star promises fans zombie series will 'never really end’ [LATEST]  “However, it’s time to move on and explore other opportunities - preferably nearer the Arctic Circle.” Season 11 of the show shocked fans as mid-season DS Florence Cassell (Joséphine Jobert) left the island to follow her dream of becoming an undercover cop and end any potential romance with Neville Parker (Ralf Little). A second twist came at the end of the season when Commissioner Selwyn (Don Warrington), was confronted by someone from his past. DI Neville Parker, DS Naomi Thomas (Shantol Jackson) and Commissioner Selwyn Patterson arrived at the crime scene of a former chess Grandmaster's death. The journalist covering the case was the commissioner's former love interest Maggie Harper (Orla Brady). Aidan's book Brouhaha is described as: "A mystery, a black comedy, a satire on Ireland’s tangled politics of memory, Brouhaha is set in a small town on the Irish border during the uneasy transition to peace. "And peace doesn’t come easy in these parts." Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.