With the beginning of the new tax year, those looking to boost their savings have the opportunity to save up to £20,000. With multiple ISA options available, including cash and stocks & shares, experts are sharing how savers can make the most of the allowance advantages. Sahil Sethi, the co-founder of financial wellness platform Maji.io, spoke exclusively about the benefits provided by ISAs and why it is important to start saving at the beginning of the tax year. Mr Sethi explained: “Start early - don’t leave it until the end of the financial year to save into an ISA. “If you can’t commit large amounts, commit what you can afford and what you may not need to take out within the next year. “Saving regularly fosters good money habits and takes a weight off your mind even if you end up spending the rest of your salary! “Know which ISA you want to use: There are four types of ISAs available: Cash, Innovative finance, Stocks & Shares and LISA. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  “The internet is full of the pros and cons for each of them, so have a look and choose which one works best for you. “Make sure you keep your time frames and savings goals in mind when picking. “Building wealth requires a long term commitment and using as much of your yearly £20,000 allowance as possible will go a long way in building a solid base for your financial future.” In regards to what mistakes people make when it comes to saving, Mr Sethi outlined the major faux-pas which many savers are guilty of. He explained this is failing to shopping around for the best ISA deal. "People generally tend to stick with their current bank but it’s quite easy to search for better ISA deals, open a new account and importantly transfer your existing ISAs to your new provider. “Thinking that they can’t open a stocks and shares ISA if they have already opened a cash ISA. This is not true, you can open both types of ISA at the same time. “In fact, you can open all four types of ISA at the same time, as long as the total saved into all of them does not exceed £20,000 in a single year, with a max of £4,000 in a LISA.” With interest rates on savings accounts stagnant, the financial expert recommended opening a stocks and shares ISA as an easy way to safely invest. Mr Sethi said: “It’s okay to dip your toes into this type of ISA via a low risk fund but if you are planning to keep your money invested for more than five years, you should look to at least beat the interest rate on a cash ISA.” Addressing how people can best take advantage of their ISA allowances, Mr Sethi encouraged savers to always be on the lookout for the best deal. “Saving into an ISA means that you don’t need to pay tax on the interest or growth of your money,” he said. “Apart from this obvious benefit, the best way to make the most of your £20,000 allowance is to make sure you always move your cash ISAs to get the best possible interest rate in the market every year. “Ensure you are taking enough risk if you are investing in stocks & shares or innovative finance ISAs and are maxing out your LISA allowance if you are eligible to have one.”