The Walking Dead has been airing on AMC and the post-apocalyptic TV drama will be wrapping up in the near future. With characters' storylines coming to a natural conclusion as the series prepares for its final episode, a number of fan-favourites have met their demise. In the last instalment, Leah Shaw (played by Lynn Collins) was shot in the head by Daryl Dixon (Norman Reedus). Leah became one of the antagonists of the series and she was high up in the ranks of the Reapers. She was second in command and took control of the elite survivor group following Pope's (Ritchie Coster) death. For a time, she was an ex-lover of Daryl's and she was the one to bring his emotional vulnerability into the spotlight. Leah ended up abandoning Daryl and in the latest season, she ambushed him and the remaining protagonists. In the latest episode, titled Acts of God, Daryl learned his decision to spare Leah's life would come back to bite him. READ MORE: The Walking Dead boss discusses Hornsby and Hilltop conflict Lance Hornsby (Josh Hamilton) had ordered Leah to kill Maggie Rhee (Lauren Cohan). Leah had Maggie in her grasp and was about to kill her, but Maggie stalled long enough to escape. The two continued to battle it out until Daryl showed up to save the day, and he shot Leah in the back of the head. As for why the character was killed off, it seems her storyline came to a natural end. She opened up about knowing her character was going to die since joining the drama in 2020. Speaking to Insider, she said: "I knew from the very beginning. "I knew before I was even in season 10 that this was gonna be the case. "[Showrunner] Angela [Kang] had outlined the arc as best she could with as many specifics as possible, knowing that there would be some elements that would change." [Sic] Away from this, her character was not pivotal to the main story arc and she became redundant in the eyes of many fans. Cbr.com said: "She was at her best when she was with Daryl at the cabin in the woods, but the series made them fight and pushed them apart. DON'T MISS...Graham Norton opens up on secret to talk show's success [INSIGHT] Emmerdale star explains how sexuality affected acting career [EXPLAINER] The Walking Dead's Dan Fogler addresses Luke’s season 11 disappearance [INTERVIEW] "Everything after the cabin was redundant and unnecessary, and didn’t develop Daryl’s character at all." The latest episode proved how Leah was never born to be the antagonist she aspired to be. She was contracted to kill Maggie and her military experience meant she should have known better. Some fans felt Daryl and Leah should have had one final moment together before she was killed. Yet Daryl showed no signs of remorse as he shot her. Actress Collins is on Instagram and she has been paying tribute to her co-stars and crew. She said: "An actress is nothing without her #team … thank you @lazzjackjack and @taytayknight for helping me create #leah and being such loving comrades through this epic shoot. "May every actor and actress be so lucky to have a hair and makeup team like y’all!" Her death at the hands of Daryl marked a poignant moment for a number of characters. For Daryl, it proved his relationship with Leah was never meant to be.  The Walking Dead season 11C will air on AMC.