Meghan Markle publicly declared her love for her "incredible" husband Harry in front of an audience of thousands as she introduced the Duke of Sussex in The Hague, Netherlands, the Duchess said she "could not love and respect him more". The pair kissed when Harry arrived on stage, and he appeared emotional before his speech, saying: "Thank you my love." But Meghan's introduction of Harry has since been crticised by royals fans. Meghan said: "It is my distinguished honour to introduce someone that I think you all will be very excited to hear from. "He has also spent many late nights and early mornings planning for these games to make them as perfect as possibly for each of you. "I could not love and respect him more and I know that all of you feel the same because he is your fellow veteran having served two tours of duty in Afghanistan and 10 years of military service. "He's the founder of the Invictus Games and the father to our two little ones, Archie and Lili. Please welcome my incredible husband, Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex." READ MORE: Prince Harry and Megan Markle told to 'move on with your life'  Twitter user Judy Moody reacted with fury to the introduction, she wrote: "Thought it was 'just Harry'. "Prince Harry will suffice. She's obsessed with those damn titles." While Bailey added: "They found out that 'Just call me Harry' does not sell but 'my husband, Prince Harry, The Duke of Sussex' and 'Hi, I’m Meghan, The Duchess of Sussex' does. "Shows that their without titles, their worth decreases and they and their corporate bosses know it." Jo Boronte added: "Think I'd probably have said my husband ‘Harry’ not all those titles, but then maybe that’s what she calls him at home." Gunzel Gunler said: "Meghan praises Harry during her introduction, and not a word about the wounded veterans. "Of course, she introduced him as'Prince' and 'Duke of Sussex' - enjoying the titles." DON'T MISS Queen and Prince Charles in 'dual monarchy' for 'some time' [INSIGHT]'You used to shout at me so much' Harry jokes with Sandhurst PTI [ANALYSIS]Queen's uncle Edward VIII 'actively engaged' with plot to oust royals [VIDEO] Harry asked to be called "just Harry" ahead of a Travalyst event in Scotland in 2020. Host and former Labour adviser and broadcaster Ayesha Hazarika told delegates: "He's made it clear that we are all just to call him Harry. "So ladies and gentlemen, please give a big, warm, Scottish welcome to Harry.'" It marked the royal's final speech before stepping down from royal duties in March 2020.