Writing on Twitter, Nile Gardiner, who now works as a Foreign Policy Analyst, described the Russian President as “delusional” as he “thinks he can veto who becomes a NATO member”. It comes as Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters that NATO was “geared towards confrontation” and further expansion would not bring stability to Europe.  He said: “We have repeatedly said that the alliance remains a tool geared towards confrontation and its further expansion will not bring stability to the European continent.” However, public support for joining the military alliance almost doubled in the two countries since the Russian invasion of Ukraine began in February. Opinion polls suggest that around 50 percent of Swedes and 60 percent of Finns support joining NATO. The Swedish government has started debating potential accession, while Finland is expected to reach a decision about membership within weeks.  On Sunday, it was reported that US officials are expecting Finland to apply for a membership as early as June, which would be followed by Sweden. US officials told The Times that NATO membership for both nations was discussed in multiple conversations and sessions during meetings between the alliance’s foreign ministers last week. Former Finnish Prime Minister Alexander Stubb said last week that Helsinki could make a bid to join as early as May. Tobias Baudin, the secretary for Sweden’s ruling Social Democratic party, reportedly said it was considering its international security policy, and would discuss whether to join the alliance. READ MORE NATO country poised to supply Ukraine with Russian-built jets However, Swedish Prime Minister Magdalena Andersson rejected calls to consider joining NATO last month. Ms Andersson told reporters on March 8: “If Sweden were to choose to send in an application to join Nato in the current situation, it would further destabilise this area of Europe and increase tensions.” NATO secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg also told reporters in Brussels last week that the alliance would welcome both Nordic countries should they decide to apply. He said: “If they decide to apply, I expect that all allies will welcome them. We know that they can easily join this alliance if they decide to apply. DON'T MISS:   Ukraine LIVE: Putin humiliated as close ally 'cuffed and dressed up' [REVEAL]China secretly sends massive arms shipment to Serbia [INSIGHT] Putin turns on OWN men - 'Stalinists' jailed with 'knives really out' [SPOTLIGHT]    He said: “If they decide to apply, I expect that all allies will welcome them. We know that they can easily join this alliance if they decide to apply. “I am certain that we will find ways to address concerns they may have regarding the period between the potential application and the final ratification.” 