Manchester United are primed to appoint Mitchell van der Gaag as Erik ten Hag’s No 2 after their close relationship worked in the Red Devils’ favour, according to reports. A big summer of change lies ahead at Old Trafford. And it appears they’ll be going down the Dutch route as they plan for brighter and better days ahead. Manchester United will name Ten Hag as their new manager at the end of the season, with the 52-year-old primed to replace Ralf Rangnick. And, now, The Mirror say that Ajax No 2 Van der Gaag will join him at Old Trafford. United have been linked with Steve McClaren and Robin van Persie as well, with Ten Hag wanting someone with knowledge of the club to help him adjust to English football. But McClaren has apparently been overlooked, while Van Persie remains undecided about heading back to his old employers, though family commitments could see him reject the offer. Van der Gaag has become an ‘influential sounding board’ for Ten Hag at Ajax, with the duo helping the Eredivisie giants achieve success. During his playing days, the 50-year-old experienced life in the Netherlands, Scotland, Portugal and Saudi Arabia. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And he’s used his vast knowledge to become a key asset for Ten Hag, with the pair now set to work together at United going forward. Ajax have apparently been trying to persuade Van der Gaag to reject United’s offer, keen to avoid another key figure leaving. But it’s said Ten Hag’s close relationship with his assistant has won the battle for United as they plot a path to Premier League title glory. Van der Gaag supposedly has ‘excellent man-management skills’ and usually watches games from high up in the stands. When he does that, though, he’s normally in contact with the Ajax bench where he relays his observations to Ten Hag and other coaches. Previously, he’s revealed that he’s a no-nonsense sort of coach - but that he’s always willing to listen to players whenever that approach is needed. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players “I used to have discussions with the whole team, but as field coach I am moving away from that more and more,” he said before taking up his job at Ajax. “Players increasingly prefer individual conversations. That takes a lot more time and energy, but I have the feeling that I can reach my players better that way. “I sit down with players every week and we look at how he has played together with the footage. “As a result, I can demand much more and you also get more sense of responsibility from the player. They can hide in a group. “It's not just fair weather conversations either. If I'm not satisfied, I'll say so. Then everyone will know where he stands. “I talk to everyone. If I don't, and suddenly we have to call on a substitute, I don't want to be paying attention to that player for the first time. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “You don’t want a player to think ‘ah, he suddenly has time for me, now I am suddenly important.’ “I am naturally quite calm - but nor do I run away from a conflict.” Speaking last week, United legend Rio Ferdinand called on the Glazers to give Ten Hag the power to shape the club to his liking. “Ten Hag if he is the guy that does come in, we're hearing reports saying it might be,” he said. “Listen, I don't think there is any candidate out there that is being talked about and you go, he's the guy. “He's definitely going to give us an opportunity to get back to winning or challenging at all right now. “I just think he needs support, he is someone that needs a framework around him, in order to be able to execute. “I’m talking about behind the scenes, recruitment etc. then he needs to provide the foundations for the framework around the team.” Ferdinand then added: “He needs to build a culture, you look at the man Sir Alex Ferguson, what he done here. “He built a culture over many years and he had lots of support over that time. He built a culture, managers nowadays have to do it much quicker. “Look at Pep (Guardiola) and Jurgen Klopp it has took them a couple of years to build that culture and implement that. “This manager will need that time, but he has to show the signs from early on to do that.”