In line with the assessment by the European Banking Federation (EBF) that building "strategic autonomy" in EU capital markets by shutting the bloc's banks out of London's clearing market would cause "serious market disruption", Express.co.uk readers have said they believe Brussels' proposal would be "catastrophic" for member nations. One reader under username Dweck said: "Do let the EU shoot themselves in the foot and ignore the warnings their own advisers gave, as to how catastrophic for the EU it would be not to clear in London. "They will pay dearly for [the] same and we will help them pick up the pieces once they realise our markets' value." Their remark followed advice by the EBF, the continent's most powerful banking association, against the "forced relocation" of the EU's clearing activities. Clearing houses act as middlemen in derivatives trades between banks. Since the 2008 financial crisis, they are a vital part of the financial system, and Brexit made them a strong battleground. London's clearing market, worth €660 trillion (£563trillion), is Europe's largest – with London Stock Exchange's LCH unit clearing about 90 percent of euro interest rate derivatives. But according to Mairead McGuinness, financial services chief at the executive European Commission, the bloc has "excessive dependence" on the City. READ MORE: Most Brits now BACK fracking as business giants demand urgent action to drive down bills In a bid to control euro-denominated trades in capital markets, after Brexit the bloc said EU banks would be shut out of London, with an initial deadline of January 2020. However, this was repeatedly pushed back over concerns about financial stability and reduced access to products such as mortgages. Another reader, Ted Bovis, said: "They've tried this many times since the 1980s, every time it has failed because the banks like doing business in London. "Banks can easily set up a separate entity in the UK and ignore EU regulations." In January, Ms McGuinness was forced to allow EU-based banks and money managers to clear trades in London until June 2025 after banks and their customers did not agree to shift the activity from the City to Deutsche Boerse's Eurex in Frankfurt fast enough. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea And last week, the EBF called the plans "ineffective and counterproductive", warning international clients "will move their entire capital markets business (not only the clearing business) to non-EU institutions" if the Commission pushed ahead. The trade body's comments came in response to a 46-page consultation launched by Ms McGuinness that asked for views on possible "negative and positive" incentives. Another Express.co.uk reader, weighing in on the discussion, said the EU had "failed again". Calling themself Littleislander, they wrote: "This time its own financial institutions are saying no. "It's a fact that London is the major financial centre for Europe. "Without London, European businesses will suffer." DON'T MISS‘Brexit polls underestimate populists’ Issue that could sink Macron [ANALYSIS]People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's invasion [REPORT]Britain to slash EU red tape and invest £6bn in bringing over top brains [INSIGHT] An abrupt end to cross-border clearing would have disrupted markets, but EU officials believe three years will be long enough to allow the build-up of European capacity to replace the trade and, eventually, "improve the attractiveness of EU-based clearing houses". Led by Santander chief Ana Botin, the EBF represents 32 national banking associations across the continent and more than 3,500 European banks. The federation said: "EBF would like to highlight that any forced relocation strategy or other coercive measures will not achieve, and would likely undermine, the objective of a competitive and resilient EU clearing [market]." It concluded: "We ask the European Commission to only consider measures that make clearing in the EU more attractive, without disproportionally undermining other market participants that are key to the fair and efficient provision of clearing services." In a speech at the European Central Bank in Frankfurt last Wednesday, Ms McGuinness, an Irish conservative, said she would now propose legislation in October, which would include incentives to use clearing houses inside the EU and penalties for using London's. She pledged: "It's time now for Europe, the EU of 27, to make very strong decisions on the financial stability and the financial system, just as we are doing today very critically and very urgently around our over-dependence on energy from Russia."