About 900 people have been evacuated as a precaution. Paramedics treated a man at the scene. Fire engines and an ambulance have been at the scene with parts of West India Avenue, Cabot Square and North Colonnade cordoned off to traffic.   Two fire engines from Millwall and Poplar fire stations and two fire rescue units from Bethnal Green and Euston fire stations have been at the scene. A spokesperson for London Fire Brigade initially said: "We’ve been called to reports of a smell of chemicals at a health club on Cabot Square. "The incident is still ongoing. We were called at 9.08am and there are two fire engines and two fire rescue units in attendance." The Brigade said later that a mix of chemicals caused high levels of fumes and vapour in the building.  Video footage shows fire engines outside a building in the heart of the business district which is home to Barclays, JP Morgan Chase, Deutsche Bank and Infosys. Station Commander Dave Hill, speaking at the scene, said: "Crews have carried out a sweep of the building and found elevated readings. "Firefighters have ventilated the building and are monitoring the levels of fumes. We have evacuated around 900 people from the building as a precaution."  It comes two weeks after a number of people were treated for breathing difficulties after chlorine gas leaked in Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in east London. About 200 people were evacuated from the Aquatics Centre with local residents asked to close windows and doors.  READ MORE ABOUT TRIDENT MOVING OFFSHORE IN THE EVENT OF SCOTTISH INDEPENDENCE   Canary Wharf was hit by power outages in March caused by a fire at an electrical substation in the area which also impacted public transport and road tunnels. London Fire Brigade said the outages affected about 38,000 customers. It came as a 58.5 metre Dutch-built yacht named Phi was detained in the financial hub under the government's Russian sanctions. It was the first time the regulations had been used to detain a ship. The government said at the time that Phi was owned by a Russian businessman whom it did not name. It added that ownership was "deliberately" hidden, with the company the ship is registered to based in St Kitts and Nevis. The ship carries Maltese flags.  DON'T MISS: Charles and Camilla's 'LOVE CHILD' unveils new 'undeniable proof' [REVEALED] ‘Silence says it all’ Harry left in awkward silence after question [REPORT] Harry and Meghan have 'no room to heal' relationship with Royal Family [LATEST]   The National Crime Agency said the owner of the vessel had not been sanctioned in Britain but that under the law a ship owned, controlled, chartered or operated by persons connected with Russia could be subject to detention. The yacht, which features a fresh-water swimming pool and an "infinite wine cellar" was built by shipbuilders Royal Huisman.  Britain along with its international allies introduced waves of sanctions on institutions, businesses and wealthy elites in a bid to cripple the Russian economy and punish those with links to the Kremlin for the invasion of Ukraine. Phi was first identified as being potentially Russian owned on March 13, according to the Government, and a subsequent investigation by the National Crime Agency led to its detention. 