Canadian singer Michael Bublé grew up listening to his grandfather's collection of jazz records and credits him for igniting his passion for the genre which helped him to become an award-winning musician. The star has candidly spoken out in the past about how close he was to his grandparents as a child. Michael more recently detailed a "creepy" childhood tradition he had with them when they watched television together.  The crooner, who was born in British Columbia, has described his late grandfather Don Demetrio Santaga as his "best friend". His grandfather, known affectionately as Grandpa Mitch, died in 2018 and he and his wife Yolanda Santaga were cared for in the later years of their life by a caretaker called Minette instead of going to a nursing home. Yolanda, who died in 2014, was like a mother figure to Michael when he was growing up, the star has previously explained. Michael reflected on his beloved grandparents Don and Yolanda in a recent interview with Radio Times. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton in double affair drama Opening up on what he watched on television as a child, the singer said: "I remember staying up late with my grandma and grandpa, and the television would sign off with [the national anthem] O Canada. "That was creepy for me. It felt like the world was shutting off." Since becoming a music star, Michael has probably been far too busy with his career for Netflix binges. However, when the coronavirus pandemic forced him to stop touring for two years, his television habits changed.  Reflecting on what he and his wife Luisana Lopilato watched during lockdowns, he explained: "For the first time, a massive part of our life became our television watching schedule. "We started with Tiger King – Carole Baskin reminds me of my younger self – and then we started watching [reality show] 90 Day Fiancé. The Canadian crooner quipped: "Oh my god, I laughed so hard." The singer also watched his children's favourite programmes when he was at home during the pandemic. DON'T MISS...Michael Buble's lawyer warned him not to make his new album [LATEST]Michael Bublé in disbelief over Elton John's help amid son's cancer [UPDATE]Michael Buble on performing after son's liver cancer recovery [INTERVIEW] Michael and his wife are parents to sons Noah, eight, and Elias, six, and daughter Vida, three. In February, Michael announce he and Luisana are expecting their fourth child together. Speaking to Yahoo Life, Michael explained: "I'm one of the few guys who play arenas and stadiums all over the world, but doesn't do more than three weeks because family's it for me - family's number one. "I don't mind looking back later in my life and saying, 'Boy, I could have made way more money or been more famous or successful.'  "But what I cannot abide by is looking back and saying, 'Boy, I wish I would've spent more time with my kids. Boy, I wish I wouldn't have missed that. Boy, I wish I would've been a better father.' "We've all seen that movie. That movie is almost every single musical biography that we ever see in our lives. "And I've seen enough of them to learn the lesson, and I don't want that to be my story." The Grammy Award-winning singer revealed they're having another child by showing off his wife's baby bump in his new music video called I'll Never Not Love You. 