Manchester United target Sergej Milinkovic-Savic is reportedly 'destined to leave' Lazio this summer, however the Red Devils are set to face stiff competition over the Serbian star. A number of other top teams from around Europe are believed to be keen in providing the midfielder with the 'new adventure' he craves - not least Lazio's fellow Serie A side Juventus. The 27-year-old has seen his profile continue to soar in recent seasons, having established himself as an increasingly influential force in the heart of Lazio's midfield since his 2015 move from Belgian outfit Genk. Amid reports a number of Europe's elite are monitoring his progress, it seems Milinkovic-Savic, whose contract expires in 2024, is ready to bring the curtain down on his time in the Italian capital and embark on a 'new adventure'. That's according to La Lazio Siamo Noi, via Sport Witness, who claim the midfielder ‘seems destined to leave’ Lazio at the end of the season in order to take the next 'big leap' in his career. United have previously been said to be 'serious' about adding Milinkovic-Savic to their ranks this summer, but they are not alone in their ambitions of acquiring the player dubbed 'The Sergeant'. Juventus have been widely reported as being one of the most interested teams among the player's lengthy list of suitors, which is also believed to include Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Paris Saint-Germain and Inter Milan. The Old Lady could indeed look to hijack a potential move to United. READ MORE: Man Utd forward Mason Greenwood confronted by supporter as police investigation continues  Though it is claimed the Turin club are yet to make direct contact over the Serb, there has been plenty of talk of a possible player-plus-cash deal to appease Lazio and secure his services. However, it appears the Biancocelesti won't entertain such offers. The club's chairman is said to be looking for a ‘cash offer’ only for Milinkovic-Savic, with Lazio understood to be unwilling to accept offers below €75million (£62.5m). That would indeed play into United's hands as they possess a greater financial clout than the likes of Juventus. DON'T MISSChelsea's expected XI to launch heroic Real Madrid comeback with Timo Werner snubbed [TEAM NEWS]Arsenal chief Edu left with egg on his face after double Kulusevski mistake[OPINION]Dele Alli struggles blamed on Everton as Neil Warnock makes wild transfer claim[QUOTES]  Reports in Italy add that Lazio are aware of interest from United and PSG in particular, and are 'waiting for an auction to break out' when the transfer window re-opens in the summer. The latest suggestions will surely have placed the Red Devils on high alert. Having struggled this season and with the likes of Paul Pogba and Jesse Lingard appearing increasingly likely to depart Old Trafford on free transfers when their current deals expire at the end of the season, United are in dire of a new midfield general. It remains to be seen if 'The Sergeant' will be the answer to their problems.  