The Duke and Duchess of Sussex kicked off the Invictus Games in The Hague on Saturday, April 16. Before travelling to the Netherlands, the couple visited the Queen and Prince Charles at Windsor Castle after not being in the public eye for some time due to stepping down as working royals. Royal biographer Angel Levin has slammed their decision to "briefly" visit the Queen. Sky News host Niall Paterson touched on the plans which the Royal family are making for the Queen's upcoming Platinum Jubilee. He went on to ask Angela: "Harry and Megan's whistle-stop ahead of their trip to the Netherlands. "[We] were told that they did have a meeting, both with Prince Charles, Camilla, but also the Queen as well." Angela explained: "Well, they arrived late to their meeting with Prince Charles, so they had a brief 10 minutes, but the Duchess of Cornwall was there so that there was no disagreement about who said what. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slates Alex Beresford after infamous GMB feud "Prince Charles and her had to go off, so they weren't there very long, he couldn't have been there for the Queen very long either because she had a virtual engagement," she said. Angela added: "When you haven't seen an elderly person who is obviously not well and suffering very much from losing her husband, you can't expect one-two-three bang and everything fine again. "I think sometimes these very, very brief visits add more pain than gain." Harry founded the Invictus Games to aid the rehabilitation of injured or sick military personnel and veterans from across the globe by giving them the challenge of competing in sporting events similar to the Paralympics. Senior sources told The Sun they feared the couple’s visit could pave the way for them to return for the Queen’s Jubilee celebrations. However, the source added: “Charles wants the Platinum Jubilee to focus only on the Queen. “Many are disappointed that Andrew overshadowed Prince Philip's thanksgiving service and don't want the Meghan and Harry circus to hijack the Jubilee. “This is the Queen’s show and should be about her and her 70 years of service rather than Meghan’s fashion, the kids and Harry. DON'T MISS...Charles feared meeting with Meghan and Harry would be 'hijacked' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry shares heartwarming advice he gave Archie [LATEST]Royal LIVE: Charles fears Jubilee will be Archie and Lilibet 'circus' [VIDEO] “They don’t want it to become the Harry and Meghan show. Charles and all the family are agreed on that.” Harry and Meghan have yet to confirm that they will attend the Queen’s four-day celebrations, including Trooping the Colour and a line-up of royals on the Buckingham Palace balcony. During the opening ceremony of the games, Prince Harry left fans gushing as he revealed the affectionate nickname he has for Meghan. After being welcomed to the stage by his wife, Harry uttered: "Thank you my love," and sent viewers into a meltdown on Twitter. Annie Farquharson swooned: "The eloquence of Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex! Prince Harry saying 'thank you my love', after she introduced him made me swoon!" @w_selwa commented: "Meghan's introduction of her husband Prince Harry at The #InvictusGames Opening Ceremony. "The best introduction and look at Harry at the verge of crying, Meghan was too at the end of her intro and the 'thank you my love' from Harry to Meghan." @Truleynotcommon added: "The love and admiration between Harry and Meghan is so beautiful. Harry's 'thank you my love' has me swooning." (sic)