Shoppers have flocked to Aldi upon a recommendation from Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis. The financial journalist and broadcaster suggested people purchase items such as heated USB gloves, electric blankets and electric gilets. Shop Aldi Specialbuys here. An electric gilet, effectively a heated jacket, costs £46 and is just 4p per week to run. This astonishingly works out at less than 1p per day, and it can be charged by USB. Money Saving Expert said that the cheapest keep-warm-at-home buys can be charged in this way. Taking Martin Lewis' advice, Aldi shoppers flocked to the supermarket giant to buy the Heated Throw with Sleeves. READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham marries into astonishingly wealthy family At £35, this Specialbuy can keep wearers warm at home without even turning the heating on. Barbara Mann posted an image of the item on the Extreme Couponing and Bargains Facebook group. She captioned the post: "After Martin Lewis recommendations for keeping warm and using electric blankets if you only need to be warm in one room...bingo. £35 Aldi." Fellow shoppers were intrigued, commenting on the post more than 5,000 times. Emma Sherman said: "I have this and absolutely love it! It's amazing also for when I have a fibro flare up!" Lisa Harrop added: "I bought this for my hubby in February I have used it a couple of times at night or when ill and it's really warm without being plugged in." Lorna Quinn described the item as "so comfortable", revealing that she uses it as an electric blanket. Amanda Payne-MacArthur uses hers every day. On another post hailing the heated throw, Patricia Quiney stated: "That loves fab could do with one of them." Becca Rose added: "Ooh, this sounds amazing." Jessica Jarman said: "This is what I need for my Friday night car trips lol." Many Facebook users commented that this item would be useful when returning to the office for work. Sophie Rumney went so far as to call it a "game changer". Batmom Lisa cited it as an "online bargain". Aldi's Heated Throw with Sleeves has been unsurprisingly extremely popular and has actually sold out online. Shoppers who are keen to stay warm for keep can check out their nearest Aldi in case there are some remaining in store. Shop Aldi Specialbuys here.