Boris Johnson has been branded "unbelievable now" by the Conservative Home founder Tim Montgomerie. The conservative pundit believes the Prime Minister but leave after Mr Johnson was hit with fines by the Metropolitan Police over a birthday bash held for him in Downing Street against lockdown rules. Mr Montgomerie was told BBC Scotland: "You got a poll today as well, Tim suggesting that 57 percent think [Boris Johnson] should resign the same number think that the Chancellor should resign as well." He replied: "Absolutely, I think you know, if there are Tory activists and Tory MPs watching now, who aren't persuaded by the sort of the moral case for the Prime Minister to go or the Chancellor to go, I think those stats should ring very loudly in their mind. "Because if you have 75 percent of voters thinking that you couldn't tell the truth, well, that 75 percent of voters who won't think the Prime Minister is telling the truth, when he promises a tax cut ahead of the next election or promises to invest more in defence, or whatever it is. "The Prime Minister frankly is unbelievable. Now, in the eyes and the ears of many voters, and sooner rather than later" The conservative commentator added:  "I think the Prime Minister will have to go just to clear up the conservative party's chances at the next election." The Prime Minister, his wife and the Chancellor all apologised on Tuesday and confirmed they had paid fines imposed by the Metropolitan Police over a party held on June 19 2020 to mark Mr Johnson's 56th birthday. Mr Johnson said it "did not occur" to him that the gathering might be breaching Covid rules, while Rishi Sunak said he understood that "for figures in public office, the rules must be applied stringently in order to maintain public confidence". But although both politicians said they now accepted the rules had been broken, neither appeared to be considering their positions, as they said they wanted to get on with the job.   Cabinet ministers tweeted in support of Mr Johnson, praising his leadership during Covid and Brexit and also pointing to the war in Ukraine. Even the Prime Minister's critics appeared to accept that now was not the right time for a leadership contest. However, Mr Johnson did not rule out the prospect he could be fined again for further events. He is reported to have attended six of the 12 under investigation. DON'T MISSUS reveals hypersonic missile test, risks escalating Russia tension [REPORT]West urged to impose 'realistic red line' on Russia [COMMENTS]POLL: Would you pay more for energy bills to cut off ALL Russian gas? [POLL] Speaking to broadcasters at Chequers, Mr Johnson said: "There was a brief gathering in the Cabinet Room shortly after 2pm lasting for less than 10 minutes, during which people I work with kindly passed on their good wishes. "And I have to say in all frankness at that time it did not occur to me that this might have been a breach of the rules." He added: "I now humbly accept that I was. "But I think the best thing I can do now is, having settled the fine, is focus on the job in hand. That's what I'm going to do." 