Former Ukraine PM Oleksiy Honcharuk highlighted the importance of Western leaders providing additional military support to Ukraine. According to Mr Honcharuk, “Putin is a Hitler”, and the West is responsible for the war in Ukraine. According to Mr Honcharuk, President Putin “will use all his resources” to ensure Ukraine comes under Russian control. Putin has already spent “billion dollars to create death machines” to use against Ukraine. Speaking to LBC, Mr Honcharuk claimed that Russia’s invasion is “a result of YOUR government”, referring to Western leaders. Western powers, according to the former Ukrainian PM, did nothing eight years ago, when Russia annexed Crimea, once recognised as a Ukrainian region, into Russian territory. Mr Honcharuk insisted this is the time when the current war in Ukraine started Mr Honcharuk said the lack of action from the West “showed Putin he can go as far as he wants to go”. According to the former PM, the military support sent by the UK, EU, US as well as other global powers such as South Korea and Japan in support to Ukraine is not “enough”. He added that Western leaders are only trying "to save their faces” and "to look good”. READ MORE: Ukrainian troops recover 'treasure trove' after ambushing Russians According to the former Ukrainian leader, Kyiv has not actually received “any real military support” from the West. He reiterated the importance of a no-fly zone to prevent Moscow from further targeting Ukrainian cities despite NATO allies repeatedly arguing against such demand. Mr Honcharuk added that the West “has failed to protect us”, referring to both Ukrainian soldiers and civilians DON'T MISS: British farmers face extra £760m bill as Putin BLOCKS key exports [WATCH]UK 'remains on hook' for £380bn European bank loan [LISTEN]Russian nationalists reach 'new level of extreme' [JUST IN] He said: “It is too late now to wait." Ukraine, as strongly stated in the interview, needs “a real military support from the West”. Western leaders have been urged to provide Ukraine with “everything they can” to fully push back against Russia. The appeal comes days after reports began to emerge of civilian mass graves being uncovered in newly-liberated areas of the country.