Pensions can be a minefield of confusion for British workers, who are often left in the dark regarding what happens to their savings. Speaking on BBC Radio 5 Live with Nihal Arthanayake on Wednesday, The Money Saving Expert offered key explanations as to the different types of pensions people may be part of, and how this will impact them in retirement. The discussion followed a call from Fiona in County Down, Northern Ireland, who confessed to being “completely baffled” by pensions, particularly as the scheme she is part of as an NHS nurse has changed several times over the years. She said: “I don't know what I'm going to get at the end of it all.” Mr Lewis explained the two key pension types which Britons could be part of. He said: “Pensions fall mainly into two types, what are called ‘defined benefit’ and ‘defined contribution’. READ MORE: State pensioners may see sum affected if they were in a workplace pension “Defined benefits is more commonly known as a ‘final salary’ or an ‘average salary’ pension. “Defined contribution is a ‘money purchase’ pension or a pot of pension." He went into more detail as to how defined benefit pensions work. Mr Lewis said: “The term explains it pretty well. What you are going to receive when you get your pension is ‘defined’ in a final salary or average salary pension. “How it usually works is each year that you work adds a fraction towards what percent of your final salary you'd get. DON'T MISSHousing Benefit rule stopping Britons from getting full entitlement: Bedroom tax explained [INSIGHT'This is so cruel’ TSB customer almost loses £8,000 in Amazon subscription scam [SCAM]'Don’t click!': Urgent parcel scam warning and the best bank account for scam prevention [WARNING] “So let's say you've worked somewhere for 20 years, you might end up with 20/30ths of your final salary. “It might be done on average salary over the period, indexed by inflation." Mr Lewis used the example of someone earning £30,000 in their final year of work to further illustrate his explanation. He continued: “If you're earning £30,000 as your final salary and you've worked 20 years and you get 20/30ths, then your pension would be £20,000 a year. “The good thing about that is you know exactly what you're going to earn. “Now, the only thing I would warn on that, if you've got a final salary, and let's say you were to go to part time hours in the last year, just be slightly careful and always ask your scheme: ‘Will that drop what my final salary would be because I've reduced my final salary voluntarily?'" Mr Lewis went on to explain defined contribution pensions in more detail. He said: "The other type of pension, which is the one that most companies offer, the one that auto enrolment works on, and also all private pensions fall into this category is defined contribution or money purchase. “That's where the amount that goes in is defined, and you have a pot of cash, and then you can choose what you do with that pot of cash in retirement. “It's sort of conceptually simpler to understand. You've got 10, 20, 50, £100,000 in your pension pot, and you have to be careful how you get it out because of the way that the tax comes.” Mr Lewis also explained how Britons can get help relating to their pensions. He said: “You can't get advice without paying for it and you'd go to an independent financial adviser, because advice is when they talk about what specific products you can have. But you can get guidance for free from MoneyHelper, which is a Government funded scheme. “You call up and talk to one on one about your situation, which is far better than talking to me here because I haven't got any details in front of me and they can do that. I strongly suggest you call up MoneyHelper, or you go to the website and get information. “What they can't do, that an independent financial advisor can do, is pick products for you and go through specifics one on one, but they can talk about how things work. “For anyone out there with a private pension worried about it, the bigger the sum, the more you should consider getting advice, rather than getting the free guidance, because you want them to help you pick the best products.”