Speaking to GB News host Dan Wootton, former Brexit Party leader Nigel Farage urged the Government to “take back control” of Britain’s borders as the migrant crisis continues. This comes as recent reports claim Boris Johnson is set to announce plans the Government will send migrants to Rwanda to be processed.   The Home Office did not deny the reports and a spokesperson revealed to Sky News: “As set out in our New Plan for Immigration, we are committed to working closely with a range of international partners as we continue to fix our broken asylum system.” The broadsheet stated the plans, which were intended to be announced last week amid a surge in migrants attempting to cross the Channel, could cost the UK “millions”. However, appearing last night on GB News, Mr Farage claimed this was not the way forward and gave his opinion on the unfolding crisis. The former MEP said: “They have to do something and they have ahead of May 5 to be seen to do something. READ MORE: Queen sends heartwarming message for people affected by floods “Just think about it, 28,500 people came across the Channel last year, at the same moment this year we are running at triple that figure and they know, the Conservative Party, from the polling, especially the red wall seats, this is infuriating voters who thought by voting Brexit and then voting Johnson in 2019 we get back control of our borders rather than be made an international laughing stock as we currently are. “Because we are part of the European Convention of Human Rights, returning people to France is not possible. “They had to do something, so offshore processing was the obvious thing.” The bill to send asylum seekers to Rwanda has been branded as “barbaric” by critics. DON'T MISSGB News: Trump has ‘best chance’ of Twitter return with Musk in charge [UPDATE]Farage urges Musk to bring back Trump as Tesla CEO joins Twitter board [REVEAL]Independence would keep Scotland 'at mercy of UK Chancellor' [INSIGHT]  It was returned to the Commons last month after being amended by peers in the House of Lords. The legislation will now return to the Lords in order to be examined again. Mr Farage continued: “It is only a matter of weeks or months before we start getting reports of people being treated badly in camps in Rwanda, people are being abused, exploited. “So I don't think long-term this is the solution. We need Brexit 2.0.   “Brexit 2.0 not only redefines the 1951 definition of what a refugee is, because it is hopelessly outdated, but we have to leave the European Convention of Human Rights. “That is the only way, and I quote Boris Johnson, to take back control of our borders. “Until they do that, nothing effective, really effective is going to happen.” The 1951 Refugee Convention defines a refugee as “someone who is unable or unwilling to return to their country of origin owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race, religion, nationality, membership of a particular social group, or political opinion”. So far this year, at least 4,550 people have reached British shores in small boats, according to Sky News. That figure was not reached last year until mid-June.  