In just two days time, British fans will be able to finally catch Downton Abbey 2 in cinemas. In the meantime, they can check out the Behind the Lens official YouTube miniseries looking behind-the-scenes at the making of Downton Abbey: A New Era. The latest episode looks specifically at the two houses that feature in the film in Highclere Castle and the French Riviera villa that The Dowager inherits. Lady Edith star Laura Carmichael said of Highclere, which mocks for Downton Abbey: “It’s so weird how such a fancy building feels like it’s your house and it’s really, really not!” Producer Liz Trubridge shared: “The house is a character. When you turn around on that drive in it’s just stunning.” And Branson actor Allen Leech said with tongue-in-cheek: “The architect did this as a dummy run for the Houses of Parliament. Yeah, not bad. And it’s all paper-mâché! Crazy.” On the villa abroad, producer Graham Neame said: “For the first time we take the Crawleys overseas and we go down to the Riviera.” Lady Mary star Michelle Dockery shared: “I’ve loved seeing footage! Not all of us got to go to France.” Production Designer Donal Woods teased: “The house, it’s very much open plan. It’s colourful, it’s bright, it’s breezy.” And Costume Designer Anna Mary Scott Robbins added: “We’re looking at completely heightening the palette. It’s really sort of refreshing and exciting.” DON'T MISSDownton Abbey 2: ‘Expect tragedy and tears’ Bad news for The Dowager? [DOWNTON ABBEY 2]Downton Abbey's Michelle Dockery and Michael Fox make music together [MICHELLE DOCKERY]Downton Abbey 2: ‘Entire changes’ afoot teases Julian Fellowes [JULIAN FELLOWES] Downton Abbey 2’s cast are as follows: “Hugh Bonneville, Laura Carmichael, Jim Carter, Brendan Coyle, Michelle Dockery, Kevin Doyle, Joanne Froggatt, Harry Hadden-Paton, Robert James-Collier, Allen Leech, Phyllis Logan, Elizabeth McGovern, Sophie McShera, Tuppence Middleton, Lesley Nicol, Maggie Smith, Imelda Staunton, Penelope Wilton, and new cast members Hugh Dancy, Laura Haddock, Nathalie Baye, Dominic West, Jonathan Zaccaï.” Downton Abbey: A New Era arrives in UK cinemas on April 29, 2022.