The US has announced sanctions against Vladimir Putin's two legitimate children over Russia’s war in Ukraine. The move comes as Russia has been widely accused of war crimes during the invasion of its former Soviet neighbour. Prime Minister Boris Johnson is among those to accuse Russia of war crimes after the bodies of more than 300 people were found in Bucha as Russian troops retreated. The alleged love child, Luiza Rozova, 19, whose mother is Ms Krivonogikh, has not confirmed or denied if she is Putin’s daughter. Independent Russian media outlet Proekt Media, which was later outlawed by Moscow, was the first to report that the teenager was the tyrant’s daughter. Acclaimed BBC Russian Service journalist, Andrey Zakharov, who wrote the Proekt article spoke to Luiza in February last year on the chat room app Clubhouse. However, the Russian socialite, who rarely appears in the media, hit out at the reporter after he suggested she was only famous for being linked to Putin. She replied: “It looks like you know little about me. “I have nothing to do with politics, I do what I like. “Did you think that I would remove my account? “To hell, no! I live my life, I like fashion. “This is not my main passion, but I like it and I am not going to stop everything I've been doing in the past, how I lived and whom I saw because of your investigation.” Two weeks after Russia invaded Ukraine, Luiza deleted her Instagram account after a torrent of abuse. DON'T MISS:Family who won £33m face almost 50 objections from neighbours for Hollywood mega mansion [LATEST]Putin fears civillian uprising as leader turns Russia into 'information bubble' [INSIGHT]Nicola Sturgeon's independence on shaky path as debate must identify Russian actors — MP [ANALYSIS] Commenters linked Putin’s war to her, with trolls blaming the influencer for Russian troops’ attacks. Luiza’s account, which is no longer available, had amassed some 84,000 followers before it went offline. During her chat with Mr Zakharov last year, she also revealed that she is a student at a St Petersburg University. The journalist asked her if she wanted to leave Russia as some of her friends have done. She replied: “Of course not, I don't want to leave. “I am very taken by the thought that there is a possibility to go to such a wonderful place like New York, or to fashion's boiling points like Milan and Paris. “But I will, of course, stay in my country, in my native city. “I might possibly go to Moscow, I like Moscow very much, too.”