B12 deficiency is prevalent among older age groups, but the increasing popularity of veganism could be contributing to the issue. Groups at risk are advised to top up levels with supplements and fortified foods. But because warning signs are hard to spot, many cases are missed. One sign that red blood cells count is diminishing could show in the temperature of your hands and feet. Persistent fatigue, a sore red tongue, and disturbed vision are among the most common symptoms of a deficiency in B12. As red blood cell count falls further, however, patients may discover a shift in the temperature of their body. This is because the role of red blood cells is to carry oxygen around the body. WebMD writes: “Without enough B12, you might not have enough healthy red blood cells to move oxygen around your body. READ MORE: Vitamin B12 deficiency symptoms: Neurological problems can be 'irreversible' warns NHS “That can leave you shivering and cold, especially in your hands and feet.” The longer the number of red blood cells is left within a suboptimal range, the greater the risk of developing anaemia. It should be noted that cold hands and feet typically result from poor circulation, a complication associated with myriad medical conditions. Diabetes and obesity, for instance, both cause blood flow to the extremities to decrease. But when cold extremities result from low B12 levels, patients may also experience tingling or pins and needles in the hands and feet. Sometimes, strange sensations, numbness or weakness can affect these parts of the body. But because these symptoms are often brushed off as harmless, many patients go on to develop nerve damage. Nerve damage results from a shortfall in myelin production, the substance that forms around the nerves in the brain and spinal cord. The role of the sheath is to enable the transmission of electrical impulse efficiency along the nerve cells. Over time, this may lead to problems with movement, as numbness in the extremities may make it difficult for a person to walk without support. Nerve damage can also lead to muscle weakness and diminished reflexes. In severe cases, these complications can become permanent, or get progressively worse with time. The health website Patients explains: “Vitamin B12 is present in meat and animal protein foods. “Absorption occurs in the terminal ileum and requires intrinsic factor (IF) as secretion of gastric mucosal (parietal) cells, for transport across the intestinal mucosa. “Body stores of vitamin B12 are in the region of two to three milligrams, which is sufficient to last for two to four years.” B12 injections are often used in the treatment of severe deficiencies, allowing the body to fully recover within the space of 12 months.