Holly Willoughby, 41, confesses she “cried a lot” when she was filming Freeze The Fear in Northern Italy. Her husband Dan Baldwin, 47, is the BBC show’s producer which meant the couple could be together, but they had to leave their three children - Harry, 12, Belle, 11, and Chester, seven – at home for almost three weeks. The This Morning presenter confessed this was the longest she had ever gone without seeing her children because of Covid rules. However, she and Dan made the most of their time alone sitting on their hotel balcony "drinking Aperol Spritz and eating pizza”. Holly explained in a new interview: “It was the longest I've ever gone without seeing my children because even when I filmed I'm A Celebrity they all flew to Australia after a week to be with me. “I was working a week in Italy then flying to London on a Saturday night to film Dancing On Ice on a Sunday. READ MORE:A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman reflects on bad weather “I couldn't go home because of Covid regulations, I had to stick to just two places of filming. “So Saturday nights, on my own, I cried a lot. Never in front of the kids, but we did a lot of Zooms," she told MailOnline. While the couple were busy working, their children were in safe hands with Holly’s mum, Linda, and having a “wonderful time”. Freeze The Fear first aired on Tuesday and saw Holly co-host with Lee Mack as extreme athlete Wim Hof put eight celebrities through a series of gruelling challenges. Contestants include Strictly Come Dancing professional Dianne Buswell, rapper Professor Green and presenter Gabby Logan. The first episode saw the celebrities submerge themselves into freezing water. Gabby found the challenge particularly tough and even expressed that she “couldn’t breathe”. The second instalment will see the celebrities learn Wim’s infamous breathing technique. DON'T MISSCatherine Zeta-Jones posts pic of husband and kids in family reunion[PICTURES]'Turned up with contracts’ Simon Cowell on Amanda Holden's BGT demands[INSIGHT]Martin Kemp admits he and wife Shirlie have 'empty heart syndrome'[LATEST] While Holly filmed the reality show she had to take a break from her This Morning hosting duties. Following a screening of the endurance show, she risked upsetting Phillip Schofield when she named Lee Mack as the funniest person she has ever worked with. She said: “I've never worked with anyone as funny as Lee Mack. “On-screen, off-screen, we had the best time. “I'm a huge fan of his anyway. Spending time with him, we had such a laugh. He is relentless in his ability to just make me giggle constantly,” as reported by The Mirror. Lee echoed Holly’s sentiment and gushed about working with the mum-of-three. The comedian added: "She's as good as any comedic actress or comedian in terms of knowing where the jokes are." Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof airs Tuesdays at 9pm on BBC One.