Flooring is a great investment for many homeowners. They look stylish, feel great underfoot, and can add to the value of your property. While you can add many types of floors to your home with a DIY installation, homeowners can succumb to many pitfalls during the process. Marc Husband from leading online flooring retailer, Leading Floors, has shared seven mistakes you should avoid when choosing flooring for your home and why. Not ordering samples is the first “big mistake” homeowners can make when it comes to choosing flooring for the home. Marc said: “Not only are there so many available options to choose from, but different colours and shades will appear differently depending on where in your home you lay it due to lighting differences. “Samples are also key for making sure that the style you are choosing is going to be the right fit for your home and the aesthetic you are after.” Choosing the wrong material is another common mistake people make when choosing flooring as it may not suit the room it is intended for, according to the expert. READ MORE: Best way to clean hardwood flooring - three foolproof methods Marc explained: “For example, hardwood flooring can look amazing in a bathroom, however, as a room that is subject to a lot of moisture and humidity, it isn’t the most sensible option. “When wet, hardwood flooring is susceptible to warping and staining, which is both unsightly and expensive to fix, so opting for laminate or vinyl in a wood style finish would be a much better way to get a similar look with a waterproof finish.” With so many underlay options, purchasing the wrong one for your flooring type is a relatively easy mistake to make, and whilst it isn’t the end of the world if you do, it is of course within your best interest to do your research. The flooring expert noted four things the type of underlay needed will depend on. DON'T MISS: House prices: The 10 UK property 'hotspots'  [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ way to remove sock stains [COMMENT]Garden pests: How to avoid a rat infestation in your garden [TIPS] Marc said: “The type of underlay you will need will be dependent on a few things, such as the state of your subfloor, whether or not you need it to level out the floor you are laying on top of, if you require sound proofing or even if you need to protect your flooring from dampness. “If you get it wrong, the only real fix is to pull up your flooring and start again; not a cheap fix by any means!” Of course, you want your flooring to be aesthetically pleasing, however, it also needs to be practical. Something that many people forget when choosing flooring is taking their day to day lifestyle into consideration and end up choosing something that cannot withstand the daily footfall. The expert said: “If you have pets such as dogs or cats, then you are going to need to go for something durable and scratch resistant such as laminate to avoid your floors being ruined by claws. “If you are someone who likes to host then you might want to consider something that is going to wear well with a high footfall, such as tile. “Or, if you have small children that are prone to bumps and falls, then maybe carpet is a better option. “There are lots of lifestyle specifics that should be considered before making a final decision in order to get the most out of your flooring.” Whilst it can be tempting to cut costs when it comes to materials and contractors, as a flooring specialist, it is something Marc would heavily recommend against doing. He said: “There really is no comparison to having a professional lay your flooring. “Of course it is likely to be more expensive, but for that you get the reassurance that your floor will be laid to the highest of standards, not to mention access to their skills and expertise. “By choosing to go with a cheaper contractor you run the risk of actually paying out more to re-do your flooring if something goes wrong or it isn’t installed to the standard you’d expect.”