Lloyd (played by Forrie J Smith) has remained a pivotal and ever-present figure on John Dutton’s (Kevin Costner) ranch since the very beginning of Yellowstone. Now heading into season five of the record-breaking Paramount Network drama, Lloyd’s position on the ranch is as important as ever - despite one or two disagreements with the likes of Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser) and Walker (Ryan Bingham) in season four. Lloyd even stood by Rip’s side in the final scenes of Yellowstone season four as he tied the knot with Beth Dutton (Kelly Reilly) in rather unorthodox circumstances. So heading into the fifth run, Lloyd - as well as pretty much everyone else on the ranch - has some rather intriguing plot points to explore. But with news on season five scarce, fans are still in the dark as to when exactly they’ll see these storylines develop. However, actor Smith took to Instagram this week to thank a handful of  Yellowstone fans - and confirmed just when he and the rest of the cast and crew will be back in front of the camera. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5 theory: Kayce Dutton to die after Luke Grimes clue? In a short video clip, he said: “Hey Cody Ring and all you Yellowstone addicts. “Thank you, thank you for the care package, it’s too sweet (and) I appreciate the thought and my grand baby loved that rabbit y’all sent her. “Thank you all, all 170,000 of you, good job,” he went on before he provided an update on the Western drama. He concluded: “We’re all going back for season five, mid-May, so keep your Yellowstone vibes rolling. Thank you.” Needless to say, it didn’t take long for Yellowstone fans and many of Smith’s 254k followed to share their excitement at the update. Instagram user @taramary32 replied:” Yay for Season 5!!!” followed by an applause emoji.” “Congratulations on another season!” @rockymountainwestphotography echoed while @pattyhernandez10 added: “Looking forward to season 5.” And @stocktoncathy7 excitedly penned: “Needing a fix for my Yellowstone addiction cowboy!! DON'T MISS:Yellowstone's Kevin Costner dealt huge snub by ABC over axed projectYellowstone’s Beth star shares big change made to Jamie Dutton scenesY1883’s Sam Elliott admits Shea told huge lie about his past “My blood runs Yellowstone and I am bleeding to death! Can't wait for season 5 to see the amazing work of Taylor Sheridan and this amazing cast!!” The fourth season finale of Yellowstone has left a number of open-ended storylines fans desperately want answers to. Firstly, there’s the aftermath of Jamie Dutton’s (Wes Bentley) murder of his biological father Garrett Randall (Will Patton) and being sussed out and blackmailed by Beth. Not only did Jamie kill his dad to save his own skin from the authorities and wrath of the Duttons, but Beth received further ammo against him by photographing him in the act of dumping the body at the “train station”. There’s also the not-so-small matter of Kayce Dutton (Luke Grimes) and Monica Dutton’s (Kelsey Asbille) marriage. After taking part in a lengthy and tortuous Native American ritual in order to rid himself of his demons, Kayce ended up telling his pregnant spouse he saw “the end of us”. Plus with Avery (Tanaya Beatty) rearing her head and catching Kayce’s eye, could this finally mark the end of their romance? Add to the mix Carter’s (Finn Little) future with Rip and Beth, Jimmy’s (Jefferson White) engagement with Emily (Kathryn Kelly), and the race for governor, and season five of Yellowstone has plenty for fans to be excited about. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Peacock in the USA. Seasons 1-3 air on Pluto TV in the UK.