Officers and staff cordoned off part of the shopping centre and evacuated all floors of the building during the incident. The building opened again at 5pm after a man was transferred to hospital with serious injuries. Paramedics rushed to the scene to take care of one “seriously injured” man. A spokeswoman for West Midlands Ambulance Service said: "We received numerous 999 calls to the Bullring shopping centre in Birmingham at 2.38pm. "An ambulance, two paramedic officers and a MERIT trauma doctor and critical care paramedic attended the scene. An off-duty paramedic was also on scene. "When crews arrived they found a man being cared for by Bullring staff who had sustained serious injuries. "He was given trauma care by the team of ambulance staff before being conveyed on blue lights to Queen Elizabeth Hospital Birmingham." Initially, onlookers wrote on Twitter that a "body bag" was seen. @amanpatel0 wrote: "We looked over the edge and saw a body bag unfortunately." Bullring staff confirmed to I Am Birmingham that an "incident" has taken place, without specifying what happened or for how long the evacuation would last. They wrote on Twitter: "Bullring staff have confirmed an 'incident' has taken place but cannot disclose details. "They also confirmed Selfridges and stores within the police cordon will remain closed until further notice. "Staff could not confirm when access to the area will be reopened." However, information on any fatalities remains unconfirmed. Shortly before 5pm, police removed the cordon and all areas of the building reopened to the public. A spokesperson for Bullring & Grand Central said: “We can confirm that an incident occurred at Bullring this afternoon and the emergency services attended. "This is now a matter for the authorities and we are supporting them with their enquiries. "The safety and security of our shoppers and colleagues is always our top priority.” West Midlands Police confirmed the man fell from an upper floor. In a statement, they said: "We were called after a man fell from an upper floor just before 2.40pm today (April 5). "He has been taken to hospital and we’re working to understand what happened. "At this time, there is no suggestion that a crime has been committed. "The charity Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. Call them on 116 123." 