Everton are set to contact Professional Game Match Officials Limited (PGMOL) after feeling cheated by a series of controversial refereeing decisions in Sunday's Merseyside Derby against Liverpool. One incident in particular, which saw a penalty claim from Anthony Gordon swiftly waved away, is thought to have angered the Toffees as they battle to stave off relegation. The performances of Stuart Attwell and his VAR back-up were just one talking point from Sunday's fiery derby. With implications at both end of the table, Liverpool won 2-0 to keep up the Premier League title pressure on Manchester City and leave the Toffees in the relegation zone. The Daily Star claim that Everton are set to contact PGMOL and demand answers on why Gordon was denied a penalty at Anfield. The youngster was bearing down on goal when Joel Matip appeared to shove him over from behind, but Attwell was quick to wave away his protests and VAR did not take long to follow suit. Everton boss Frank Lampard was critical after the final whistle, suggesting that Liverpool's Mohamed Salah would have been awarded the penalty if roles were reversed. The Reds have not had a penalty given against them in 46 Premier League matches, which is almost double that of the next longest active streak. JUST IN: Arsenal target Gabriel Jesus refuses to rule out Man City exit amid Edu transfer ‘talks’ "It is a penalty for me," said Lampard, "You don’t get them here. If that was Mo Salah at the other end he gets a penalty. I’m not trying to create conflict; it’s just the reality of football. I have played in teams in the top half of the league – you get them. That was a penalty for sure. It’s a clear foul." Everton fans were also left frustrated that an incident involving Sadio Mane, which saw him raise his hand to Mason Holgate, did not result in a red card. Meanwhile, Richarlison felt the wrath of the Anfield crowd and Gordon was booked for diving in an action-packed encounter on Merseyside. Second-half goals from Andrew Robertson and Divock Origi were enough to seal the three points for Liverpool after Everton put up a brave fight. The Reds are just one point behind Man City with five matches remaining, while the Toffees dropped down into the bottom three courtesy of Burnley's second consecutive win.  The Clarets edged past Wolves to take seven points from the nine available since Sean Dyche's controversial sacking, which has cranked up the pressure on Lampard. Plans to contact PGMOL are a clear sign of the frustration at Goodison Park after a performance that could have seen them take something from Anfield. Everton were issued an apology by chief of referees Mike Riley when they were not awarded a penalty in a narrow 1-0 loss to Man City last month. It did not translate to points on the board, however, and despite having a game in hand to make up the two-point gap on Burnley, getting something from that match is far from guaranteed. A tough assignment against Lampard's former team, Chelsea, is up next and the Toffees will hope to have their safety sewn up before a tricky final-day trip to face Arsenal at the Emirates.