Piers Morgan returns to screens on the new network TalkTV, with his own show Uncensored. The former Good Morning Britain host's new show has already made headlines following a preview of an explosive interview with former US president, Donald Trump. He said he was disappointed Caitlyn Jenner had pulled out of his new series. In a first look at Piers' new show, he was in the middle of a heated debate with Trump. He can be heard in a disagreement with the former president over the previous US election being rigged. Trump appeared to cut the interview short, and Lorraine Kelly addressed the interview with Piers on her talk show. Their chat came shortly after it was revealed Caitlyn Jenner would no longer appear on Uncensored. READ MORE: Prince Harry savaged as Trump rages over Queen's treatment Lorraine began: “There are repercussions because already this morning just a couple of hours ago, Caitlyn Jenner who was supposed to be on your show, has pulled out.” The TV personality and Keeping Up With The Kardashians star was due to go on his show to share her view that trans women should not be able to compete in women’s sports as they have an "unfair advantage". Piers explained: "She was going to come on later in the week to talk about the part of the interview where Trump supports Boris Johnson’s view, which is my view, that trans athletes should not be competing against women born to female biological bodies. "It’s a raging debate as we know and people have strong views about it." He continued: “But I thought we’d book Caitlyn Jenner who also shares that view and is of course a supreme example. "[She] is a gold medal decathlon winner as a man and has transitioned and is now very honest about the unfairness of trans athletes competing against women.” The announcement Caitlyn had cancelled her interview came in reaction to the Uncensored promo apparently showing Donald Trump storming out of his interview. He had been challenged by Piers on his false claims that the 2020 presidential election was “stolen” from him. Jenner accused Morgan of editing the footage to make Trump look bad. On Twitter, quoted another user's views on the upcoming Trump interview. DON'T MISS... TalkTV schedule: When does Piers Morgan Uncensored air? [EXPLAINER] Will TalkTv be free to watch? Everything you need to know [INSIGHT] BBC's Emily Maitlis jibe to Piers Morgan ahead of show launch [VIDEO] She added: "This is a pathetic attempt to use President Trump as a way to revive the career of a failed television host,' @TayFromCA... couldn’t agree more. "@piersmorgan I have just had my management cancel my appearance with you for this Wednesday because of your repulsive misconduct today." Morgan quickly replied, questioning her views on cancel culture. He said: "Hi Caitlyn, I thought you hated cancel culture? I did a 75-minute interview with President Trump, why don’t you actually watch it before deciding how I behaved?" Jenner responded: "This isn’t about cancel culture, @piersmorgan. "It’s about your desire to be relevant at other people's expense, by entirely misrepresenting interviews based on hatchet job editing for clicks." Piers went on to insist Caitlyn had not seen the full interview, which is yet to air on TalkTV. He concluded: "If you watch it and feel the same way, fine. If you don’t, come on the show."  Piers Morgan Uncensored airs on TalkTV at 8pm.