In most households, mattresses are used on a daily basis, and over the years they can accrue a wealth of dirt and grime. However, unlike cleaning other items of furniture and upholstery, water can pose a risk to mattresses if "over-soaked". Speaking to Express.co.uk, Steve Adams CEO at Mattress Online: "Soaking the mattress with water is not advised." Depending on what your mattress is made from, certain materials, such as memory foam, are not supposed to get wet at all. For all mattresses, however, dousing them in water can increase the risk of mould and mildew. According to experts from Furniture.com: "There is little that can cause as much damage to a mattress as water or other liquid being spilt and absorbed into the bedding. READ MORE: Mould: Best houseplants to get rid of mould in your bathroom "A wet mattress provides the perfect environment for mould and mildew to flourish. This can quickly lead to odours that reach far beyond the mattress and to an unhealthy environment." Although some mattresses can be "spot cleaned" with water, Mr Adams says people should "take care not to get it too damp". Luckily, there are some simple ways to clean and deodorise your mattress without the use of very much water at all. DON'T MISSPrincess Beatrice & Sienna seen heading to St James's Palace - inside [REVEALED]How much does it cost energy bills to use your microwave? [INSIGHT]How to wash a duvet in the washing machine [EXPLAINER] Baking soda can be used to tackle unwanted smells coming from your mattress without the need for any water at all. Mr Adams told Express.co.uk: "To tackle smells coming from a mattress, lightly sprinkle a layer of baking soda over the entire surface and leave for a few hours to get the best results. "Next, fully vacuum up the remaining baking soda using the upholstery attachment before replacing the bedding. "This works to deodorise the mattress and eliminate any lingering odours." You can also use a light spritz of essential oils to keep smells at bay - though this will require a little bit of water. Mr Adams explained: "A tip to keep your mattress smelling fresher for longer is to mix a small amount of baking soda, water and an essential oil such as calming lavender in a spray bottle, and lightly spray the mattress, taking care not to get it too damp." Unexpected stains can be spot cleaned from your mattress, though the Mattress Online expert explained this is best done while the mark is still fresh. Mr Adams said: "It is safe to use water to spot clean any stained areas on your mattress, but soaking the mattress with water is not advised." Before attempting to spot clean your mattress, however, you should check the manufacturer's guide first for specific care tips. Mr Adams said: "Simply use a mild detergent, such as the one you already use for your bedding and mix a small amount with warm water. "Use a clean, damp microfibre cloth to dab the solution into the stain, and take care not to over-soak the mattress. "It is advised to gently dab rather than rub at a stain in order to help lift it as much as possible. "Allow the mattress to air dry properly before putting bedding back on." Though it might sound simple, vacuuming your mattress each time you change your bedding should help to keep it free from dust mites and bacteria. This should be done using the upholstery attachment. Mr Adams said: "Even if the mattress looks clean to the eye, our mattresses can harbour thousands of dust mites and dead skin cells, which can aggravate allergies and result in a generally unhygienic mattress over time. "Regular mattress cleaning will help to keep it in good condition and reduce the unwanted build-up of bacteria, dust mites, and dead skin cells and improve your overall sleeping experience by keeping your bed fresh." He added: "Each time you change your bedding you should consider lightly cleaning the mattress by running a vacuum over the surface to get rid of any dust build-up and spot treat any stains as and when they occur."