Former Manchester United ace Kleberson believes Erik ten Hag could force out star players such as Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford, Cristiano Ronaldo, and Harry Maguire. The Ajax boss has reportedly agreed to take charge of the Red Devils at the end of the current campaign. He will be the fifth permanent boss to take up the reins since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. The Dutchman is expected to become the latest of a long line of managers consisting of David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer to take a bite out of the United cherry. Paris Saint-Germain boss Mauricio Pochettino, Sevilla’s Julen Lopetegui and Spain manager Luis Enrique were also believed to have been in the running for the Old Trafford hot seat. But with an official announcement for Ten Hag expected to arrive very soon, the conversation has been shifted onto the players who will be at his disposal. An Old Trafford exodus has been widely anticipated with many players either coming to the end of their contracts, unhappy at life at Old Trafford or are simply deemed not to be good enough. Surprisingly, Kleberson believes Fernandes could be one of the players to fall by the wayside, despite the fact he extended his current deal to 2026. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “I can see a lot of players at Manchester United leaving if they appoint a new manager who is building for the long term,” Kleberson stated while speaking to Paddy Power. “It gives Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford and Cristiano Ronaldo the opportunity to leave the club as a lot of things can change with a new manager. “Fernandes is a special player and Manchester United need a player who can decide the game and create something in important moments. It’s hard when there are so many quality players and big names. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players “It’s important to keep players like Bruno Fernandes to prepare properly for the future. We don’t know what’s going to happen with Harry Maguire either.” Fernandes has proven to be one of United’s best transfers of the last ten years, contributing a jaw-dropping 49 goals and 39 assists in 119 appearances for the club. While he is enduring, arguably, his least productive season at the club, he has still managed to contribute nine goals and 14 assists in all competitions for the Reds. The Portuguese ace also put pen to paper on a year long contract extension which will expire in the summer of 2026. “Even after two years, it still feels amazing to step out at Old Trafford, to hear the fans sing my song and to score in front of the Stretford End,” Fernandes said to ManUtd.com after signing the new deal. |It is a true privilege to wear this shirt and to fight for our incredible club. There is so much more that I want to achieve here, and I know that is the same for the rest of the squad and staff. “More than anything, we want to give the fans the success that they deserve. We have shared some great moments over the last years, but the best is yet to come from myself and this team.”