Never mind that knife and violent crime are rocketing, never mind sexual offences are up – ninnies like Fotheringham reckon cops could do a better job at home sitting in their Y-fronts. I mean seriously? He and his woke ilk have forgotten what policing is supposed to be about – preventing crimes and keeping people safe – and currently that’s not happening. There was a 14 percent increase in total crime in 2021 – and that was when the country was in partial lockdown. Knife crime is up to its highest level since comparable statistics began nine years ago, sexual offences are up, rape is up. The most common crimes are theft and burglary and they’re up (not surprising when  police rarely bother with either these days). And for all of those crimes detection rates are shocking. But people like  Fotheringham, who’s clearly spent too much time sitting in his plush office, thinks the solution to the appalling detection rate is to have people working from home on flexi hours so they can have a bit more “family time". So how’s this going to work – a cop gets a call about a stabbing ten miles away but he’s in Waitrose buying a few bits for supper. Or he’s  picking up the kids from school. Or he’s down at B and Q getting some fence panels for the garden - because let’s not kid ourselves that’s what will happen.  So by the time he’s extricated himself from whatever it is he's doing the person being attacked will be dead. I just don’t accept that people working from home work harder, faster, more efficiently and produce better results. Home affords too many distractions and more importantly the boss isn’t within ear shot to tell people what to do and by when. It was bad enough when they closed huge numbers of our police stations but if Fotheringham gets his way the ones left will be virtually unmanned because of people working from home. So how does a member of the public ever get to talk to a cop these days? How do they get to report a crime, go talk about a situation that’s worrying them, report people doing suspicious stuff. And don’t say phone them because no one ever answers  and if they do its from a “central” number that’s miles away from where you are. Policing is a public service – we pay for it - but every year it serves the public less and less. Fotheringham says there’ll still be enough coppers on the front line and most of those working from home will be office- based staff. So why don’t I believe him? Oh hang on – experience! There’s not enough coppers on the front line now so how will there be enough if some of them are working from home? Covid has done a lot of damage to this country not just to people’s health but to their attitudes. Many now believe they’re entitled to do their job from home, that it’s their right! Well it’s our right to be protected – and its not happening. And it sure as Hell won’t happen with half of every police force working from home. Fotheringham says we have to “trust“ that police staff working from home would do their job. Really? I think  the British people have fewer reasons to ”trust” the police than ever before. There’s the Sarah Everard murder for one  - she was killed by a serving policeman. And then there was the vile cover up of murderer Wayne Couzens's history. And what about the 150 convicted criminals working in the Met? On top of that a recent report concluded that the Met was institutionally corrupt and that detectives were mired in claims of conspiracy and bungled inquiries. And that’s just one force. So it might be pretty hard for us to “trust". Of course, there are many good police officers around. But they have been tainted by the bad apples of which it seems there are ever increasing numbers. And these people are to be trusted working from home? It’s a joke. Only it’s not a joke. Because it’s at the expense of our safety – and that’s not funny. Fotheringham talks about people leaving the police service because the shift patterns didn’t fit in around family life. Well they’ve fitted in with thousands of officers’ lives for decades. But he’s clearly talking about the new breed of copper who thinks policing is a 9-5 job. It isn’t and never has been. And the people who don’t realise that shift work is part of the job should never have been considered for the force in the first place because they’re just not bright enough! Fotheringham says we all have to adapt to changing times. Sorry but none of us should ever have to adapt to a police force that doesn’t care about, or is incapable of solving crimes and keeping us safe!