Boris Johnson lost another dedicated supporter on Thursday. While MPs deliberated on setting up an investigation, Brexiteer Steve Baker said the "gig's up". He became the latest Tory member to speak up against the leader, now struggling on several fronts as he attempts to complete a short official trip to India. On top of partygate, the Prime Minister is also weakened by controversy over his Government's plans to send refugees to Rwanda and Rishi Sunak's tax troubles. These have left him in a perilous position described by one expert as a "critical mass". Erik Goldstein, a professor at Boston University's Frederick S Pardee School of Global Studies, told Express.co.uk that the Prime Minister once showed a "remarkable ability to survive individual crises". He added: "But the current combination of issues has probably reached critical mass." The reason he has clung to power, Professor Goldstein added, is due to the current Tory crop, which is notably weaker. READ MORE: Boris and Truss to unveil masterplan to shred hated Brexit deal He said: "His immediate survival is due to the absence of strong alternatives. "Brexit divisions depleted the Tory leadership ranks, and Johnson has purposefully created an unthreatening front bench. "He will be reassured by their difficulties, which further reduce their potential to replace him." That is likely one of the reasons why Tory MPs have proven hesitant to condemn the Prime Minister and initiate a vote of no confidence. Only 10 have publicly spoken against Mr Johnson, and fewer have submitted letters to the party's Parliamentary 1922 committee. Mr Sunak was once poised to replace him, but recent controversy over his wife's non-domicile status and US green card have left him politically injured. The latest league table of Tory MPs compiled by Conservative Home has him the third least popular. His net satisfaction rate on April 4 was 7.9 percent; down from 38.8 percent the previous month. While much of the backlash to the Prime Minister's actions has come from domestic sources, it has left Mr Johnson diminished on the world stage. Professor Goldstein said that overseas his recent troubles have created the image of "an embattled and weak leadership in London". He added that the Prime Minister has appeared weak at a time of "international crisis", with war raging in Ukraine. Perceptions of his conduct on the world stage have diminished over the last few weeks following a much-lauded visit to Kyiv. Critics have accused the Prime Minister of using the country's plight to distract from partygate. Labour MP Jess Phillips claimed the Prime Minister was using the invasion to "seek cover" as he apologised for breaking Covid rules in the House of Commons earlier this week. She added that the act was "shameful", a sentiment shared by people watching the apology. Daily Mail columnist Dan Hodges said via Twitter that he was "using Ukrainians to cover for partygate", while the Liverpool Echo's political editor Liam Thorp criticised a "shameless segue from his rule-breaking to the suffering of Ukrainians".