Just a week after the US president was accused of making a gaffe calling for regime change in Russia, an exclusive poll for the Sunday Express has revealed Americans would rather see his presidency end. Asked which would be better for America, 52 per cent chose "Biden loses power in the US" over 43 per cent for "Putin loses power in Russia". The findings, in the poll by the Washington-based Democracy Institute, show almost two-thirds of Americans (62 per cent) believe Mr Biden will not be re-elected in 2024. They also appear to confirm an expected bid by Donald Trump in 2024 will see him sweep back to power. While Boris Johnson has seen a rise in public support for his handling of the Ukraine crisis, the error prone US president has not enjoyed a similar bounce. Of 1,500 polled, who all identify as "likely voters'', 57 per cent disapprove of his presidency, the same as a month ago, while just 39 per cent approve of it. And 70 per cent believe the US is "heading in the wrong direction". His handling of the war is only approved by 40 per cent while 52 per cent disapprove, and his overall foreign policy has a 55 per cent disapproval rating compared to 42 per cent approval. While a Techne poll for the Sunday Express showed almost a third of UK voters had Ukraine as their top concern, in the US just eight per cent saw it as their main issue, with the key worry being inflation. If Mr Trump does run in 2024, according to the US poll results he would beat Mr Biden by 48 per cent to 43 per cent. Patrick Basham, Director of the Democracy Institute, said: “Biden’s foreign policy debacles, highlighted by America’s disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan, have turned off voters, who mostly disapprove of his handling of America’s global role. “Biden’s political team knows economic pain will continue to weigh down the president’s ratings. So, it puts great stock in Biden’s handling of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. “His counsellors view the Ukraine crisis as a blunt instrument that nonetheless may help the president to dig himself out of his electoral hole. “Should the Ukraine crisis end on terms perceived to be favourable to the Ukrainians, and should Vladimir Putin’s Russia be put back in her box, it’s possible that Biden will receive considerable credit and his ratings will improve. If that happens, his party’s candidates may also improve their positions vis-à-vis their Republican opponents. “However, given Biden’s continuing bungling of the crisis, highlighted by his dangerous verbal gaffes and wildly inaccurate predictions of the imminent demise of the ruble and the Russian economy, voters disapprove of his handling of Ukraine.”  Context Democrats are protecting a slim House majority that will disappear should the Republicans enjoy a net gain of only six seats. In a close contest, population and personnel changes could determine which party holds power in the next Congress. One ray of sunshine for Biden’s House colleagues is the redrawing of congressional districts, a protracted process now nearing completion. The Democrats may have outdone the Republicans at “gerrymandering,” the carving out of district boundaries to partisan advantage. Expert opinion differs, but it’s possible gerrymandering will net the Democrats a couple of seats. That’s the end of the Democrats’ good news. With each new national census, Americans’ residential mobility necessitates an updated apportionment of congressional districts. The national total of 435 districts never changes. But individual seats are reapportioned on a state-by-state basis to reflect any demographic changes. Americans continue to flee high-tax, heavily regulated “Blue” states, dominated by reliably Democratic voters, in favour of low-tax, less regulated “Red” states that skew Republican in their voting patterns. Subsequently, Red states gained several districts, while Blue states lost an equal number, producing a net gain of 3 or 4 House seats for the Republicans. Furthermore, 31 Democratic congressmen, a modern record, aren’t seeking reelection. These incumbents are abandoning the party’s banner this year because they think it’s a lost cause. They’re pretty certain that, under Captain Biden’s stewardship, The Good Ship Democrat is headed for the electoral rocks. The Biden Effect Biden clearly has presidential coattails. Unfortunately for his party, his coattails are negative, pulling down Democratic candidates in competitive seats in swing states. Our polling finds evidence many districts narrowly won by Biden in 2020 are leaning heavily Republican. Biden hurts Democratic chances because he’s now quite unpopular with most Americans. Only four in 10 voters approve of the job Biden’s doing. Independent voters (those who don’t identify as either Democrat or Republican) overwhelmingly conclude his presidency is a failure. Minority Voters Conventional wisdom holds that America’s demographic destiny guarantees endless Democratic victories. Biden’s steadfast Democratic supporters are found disproportionately among young, urban, minority, and highly-educated voter groups. It’s thought those groups will increase as a share of the overall electorate. In striking contrast, it’s asserted that the Republicans’ growing reliance upon rural, blue-collar, and older White voters dooms the party to the pursuit of voter groups in proportionate decline. The argument that such group identity arithmetic trumps everything else is becoming less persuasive. Biden’s unsuccessful presidency has thrown a rather large spanner into those particular works. The most vivid illustrations are Black and Hispanic voters. Before Donald Trump, Republicans’ high-water mark was one-in-ten Black votes. Today, almost one-in-three Black voters support the Republicans. And Hispanics, especially working-class voters, are leaving the Democrats in droves, as the latter’s economic and educational policies turn-off both Hispanic men and their culturally conservative wives. Domestic Issues COVID’s the only issue on which Biden and the Democrats hold their own against the Republicans, with Americans evenly divided in assigning credit and blame. Further compounding Democrat woes is that the issue is no longer voters’ paramount concern, as it was in 2020 and 2021. Most American voters disapprove of the president’s handling of the economy, which is their top priority. This is unsurprising, given that inflation is at a 40-year high, wages aren’t keeping pace with rising prices, petrol costs twice as much as when Biden became president, supply chain problems are ubiquitous, and Biden, himself, says food shortages are imminent. Other important issues to voters similarly hurt the Democrats’ chances. Topping the list are spiralling urban crime, radical woke-themed educational policies, and a porous US-Mexico border that bleeds illegal immigrants into the country. The Republicans hold sizeable leads on the question of which party is favoured to deal with these issues. With seven in ten voters saying the country’s headed in the wrong direction, most don’t think Biden can be reelected. A replay of the 2020 election would see him lose to Trump. Foreign Policy, Ukraine & Russia Biden’s foreign policy debacles, highlighted by America’s disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan, have turned off voters, who mostly disapprove of his handling of America’s global role. Biden’s political team knows economic pain will continue to weigh down the president’s ratings. So, it puts great stock in Biden’s handling of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. His counsellors view the Ukraine crisis as a blunt instrument that nonetheless may help the president to dig himself out of his electoral hole. Should the Ukraine crisis end on terms perceived to be favourable to the Ukrainians, and should Vladimir Putin’s Russia be put back in her box, it’s possible that Biden will receive considerable credit and his ratings will improve. If that happens, his party’s candidates may also improve their positions vis-à-vis their Republican opponents. However, given Biden’s continuing bungling of the crisis, highlighted by his dangerous verbal gaffes and wildly inaccurate predictions of the imminent demise of the ruble and the Russian economy, voters disapprove of his handling of Ukraine. Voters are evenly split on whether America should seek Putin’s removal from power, as advocated by Biden. In part, that’s because voters perceive Russia to be a lesser threat than China, Iran, or North Korea, and because the Ukraine crisis is an issue that ranks comparatively low on their priority list. Crucially, Americans are waking up to the reality that their food choices and energy consumption will be negatively affected by the economic sanctions trumpeted by Biden and other Western leaders. These political decisions have tangible domestic consequences that will increasingly harm voters’ pocketbooks. Such policy outcomes help explain the startling finding that voters think Biden losing power would be more beneficial than Putin losing power. If Harold Wilson was correct that, “A week is a long time in politics,” the Democrats still may recover sufficient ground to turn the midterms into a competitive affair. Yet, it’s difficult to see where the comeback begins absent assistance from their opponents. America’s Republican party is renowned for its ability to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. Seven months is plenty of time for the favourites to naively assume that the election’s already won, lose sight of voters’ concerns, and become embroiled in petty internal battles. Should present trends hold, however, the House election will constitute, at a minimum, a Red Wave for the Republican party. Polling numbers are presently so bad for the Democrats, we yet may be looking at a Red Tsunami, a truly catastrophic Democratic defeat that redefines congressional politics for a generation. How many congressional Democrats will be left standing once November’s electoral tide recedes? Far fewer than today is clearly the safest bet.