The state pension provides important assistance to older people, but there is other help at hand. This is particularly the case for those living with a disability or health condition. Health conditions can have a major impact on a person’s day-to-day life, their ability to carry out tasks, and look after themselves. In the same sense, it can put a strain on finances as people navigate life with their condition. Bearing this in mind, the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has pointed Britons over state pension age towards a payment which could help. Attendance Allowance helps with extra costs if a person has a condition severe enough they need someone to help look after them. READ MORE: Martin Lewis unpacks what your tax code means - check now However, importantly, Britons do not actually need someone caring for them in order to claim. Individuals will be eligible if they have a physical or mental disability, or both. The condition must be severe enough that the person needs help caring for themselves, or supervision for their safety. This help must have been required for at least six months for a person to be eligible. DON'T MISSCouple share how they got rid of £800 mortgage payments [EXCLUSIVE]Nationwide offers 2.5% interest rate account but for a ‘limited time' [UPDATE]State pensioners could increase sum by £10 per week [INSIGHT] People must be in Great Britain when they make the claim, as well as habitually resident in the UK, Ireland, Isle of man or Channel Islands. This must have been the case for at least two of the last three years in the vast majority of circumstances. Attendance Allowance is issued at two rates, and what someone gets depends on the level of care they need. The lower rate of £61.85 per week is for those who need “frequent help or constant supervision during the day, or supervision at night”. Those who need help or supervision throughout both day and night will be entitled to the higher rate of £92.40 per week. This means Britons on Attendance Allowance could get up to £369 per month to help with their needs. However, this is not the only form of support through Attendance Allowance, as it could be a gateway to more help. The Government explains: “You could get extra Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or Council Tax Reduction if you get Attendance Allowance.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea To find out more, individuals will need to check with the helpline or office that deals with their benefit. Attendance Allowance can be claimed by post, using the dedicated claim form, accessible online. This document is accompanied by notes which lay out how the form should be filled in. The Attendance Allowance helpline can also be contacted if a person wants a copy of the form. It can then be sent Freepost to DWP Attendance Allowance to be processed.