Formula One returns today with the first European race of the 2022 season coming live from Italy. With Ferrari still leading the way, the Tifosi will be out in force to see if Charles Leclerc can keep up his winning run. However, Red Bull is definitely trying to spoil the party and after yesterday's thrilling Sprint Race, Max Verstappen is in pole with Leclerc in second and Perez third on the grid. It should be a classic race but if you fancy tuning in to the live action you will need to sign up for a Sky contract with the telly firm continuing to have exclusive rights to all of the races. SEE THE BEST SKY SPORTS DEALS BELOW. Speaking after qualifying Verstappen said: "I don't know what happened at the start, it was just really bad. Initially, it looked like Charles had a bit more pace but then he ran into trouble with the tyres."With other tyre compounds coming into place tomorrow, it might look a bit different."If you'd like to watch all the action from the latest race in the 2022 season then you'll need access to Sky Sports - and we've got full details on how to get access to a Sky F1 stream below. HOW TO WATCH THE EMILIA ROGAGNA GP Sky Sports F1 has all the action live from Imola with subscribers able to tune in via channel 406 with pre-race coverage starting from 12.30pm and the red lights going out at 2pm. If you use Virgin to watch Sky then you'll find the action on channel 506. Everything is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app which is available for both Android and iOS devices It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use Sky Go due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a Sky subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). You can find some of the best options below... Sky Go is also available on a number of platforms including Amazon Fire devices, iPad, Mac computers and laptops, PlayStation 3, PS4 and Xbox One. The Sky Sports app, available to download on iOS and Android devices, will also be providing live text coverage and updates. If you're not currently a Sky Sports customer but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a NOW membership. Day passes, which let you add Sky Sports channels for 24 hours, start at £9.98 a day. A monthly pass costs £33.99 and you can cancel anytime. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Don't forget that Channel Four has all the highlights of the race, but it will be shown a bit later on at 6.30pm.