Liverpool duo Thiago Alcantara and Mohamed Salah were in high spirits after their 4-0 win over Manchester United at Anfield with the midfielder even taking a cheeky dig at his team-mate. The Reds have been dominant over United in recent years at Anfield and it was the same story on Tuesday evening.  United were all at sea from the very first whistle as Liverpool dominated proceedings before Luis Diaz opened the scoring inside five minutes. Salah then scored Liverpool's second after a brilliant piece of team play as the Reds went in at half-time 2-0 up and it could have easily been more. Liverpool stepped off the gas after the break, but Sadio Mane soon found the net before Salah rounded off the match with his second of the night. All of Liverpool's starting XI appeared to be playing at the top of the game but it was arguably Thiago's best game in a Liverpool shirt at Anfield. The Spaniard was at the heart of everything for Liverpool and he was given a standing ovation from the home crowd after coming off late in the match. JUST IN: Man Utd player ratings: Bruno Fernandes and six others flunk vs Reds Both Thiago and Salah were up for post-match duties on Sky and before the cameras began rolling, Salah was asked by the interviewer about Thiago: "He's alright isn't he?" Thiago then jokingly replied: "Well, somebody has to work for him!" Joking aside, both players were praising of one another with Thiago admitting the Liverpool forwards in front of him make his job easier. He said: "When we have these attackers in front of us and you see not only how they score but in defensive situations they want to get involved. It makes us perform. "I can't be the one to judge my performance. It is one of the strongest performances at Anfield. We are not worried about where the goals come from. We are happy with all the strikers and how we play." DON'T MISS  Salah returned the compliment while also addressing concerns of his form in front of goal prior to tonight. "In midfield they make our life easier. We have a clean sheet here and there," Salah added. "Once we get the first goal, we want the second and the third. It was a top performance by us and hopefully we continue. "I score many goals for this club. Sometimes you have bad luck. The most important thing is the team winning. We just need to focus on ourselves and the rest is not in our hands."