Well-known dog-lover Simon, 62, is always on the lookout for an act to rival the much-loved Ashleigh and Pudsey, who captured the nation's hearts in 2012. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media ahead of the first show of the new series, the judge teased there would be a "very special" dog audition on the ITV show. When asked if there would be any good acts starring pooches, Simon replied: "Actually, without giving too much away, there is a very special young dog this year who is phenomenal. "We always say the dog is one thing, the owner or the trainer is just as important. "But there was an act which I've seen back now and I think they're in episode two - incredible, absolutely incredible." Simon was probably referring to Amber and her dog Nymeria, who appeared on Sunday night's instalment of the ITV show. READ MORE: 'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview Amber and her furry friend performed an energetic dance routine, with Nymeria showing off her talent proudly. Their speedy tricks, twists and jumps impressed all the judges, especially Simon. Commenting on the audition, he stated: "It's the best dog act we've had since Ashleigh and Pudsey." "You know I love dog acts," Simon remarked. "But this was in a different league." "That was incredible to watch," Alesha commented. "I was speechless. "I mean, honestly, you've done an incredible job." Amber replied: "Thank you so much." David Walliams added: "There's obviously such love between the two of you. "That is wonderful to see. It's not just a talented dog, it's a very talented owner, too." DON'T MISS... The Chase's Mark Labbett left red-faced after Bradley shut-down [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Penny Branning returns in blackmail plot twist [THEORY]'William and Charles will be furious!' says Carole Malone over Harry [VIDEO] He went on: "And the chemistry you have is absolutely fantastic." The act achieved a unanimous yes from all four judges and flew to the next round. Similar act Ashleigh and Pudsey danced their way to fame following their Britain's Got Talent success. The two won the 2012 show and went on to make several other television appearances. Their performance is one of the most memorable and loved of any on the show. Sadly, Pudsey died in 2017, and Ashleigh has another dog she performs with but told ITV at the time: "He'll never become Pudsey." Britain's Got Talent continues on Saturday at 8pm on ITV.