NCIS is one of the longest-running dramas on TV, having aired on CBS for almost two decades. Agent Leroy Gibbs (played by Mark Harmon) was a mentor to many agents during this time until he made his exit during the 19th series. Someone who helped him become the veteran agent fans love was his mentor Mike Franks (Muse Watson). WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.Mike was a retired Marine who assisted Gibbs when he was in the early stages of his career. He had been seen in flashbacks before Mike made an actual appearance in the two-part season three finale when Gibbs suffered amnesia following a terrorist attack bombing. From then on, Mike popped up from time to time, helping out with investigations, despite having already retired from the job. Unfortunately, fans were left heartbroken when Mike was unexpectedly murdered in season eight. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait Mike had revealed that he had terminal lung cancer so there was little hope for his future. So when the Port-to-Port serial killer Jonas Cobb (Kerr Smith) was targeting former marines, he made his way to Gibbs' house. But Mike was there to stop him before he could cause his mentee any harm. However, during the scuffle, the killer fatally stabbed him in the chest in Swan Song before running off. It was not actor Watson's decision to leave NCIS but one made by the creative team behind the CBS series. When questioned by a fan on Twitter in 2012 about why he left, the actor joked: "Because they wrote that i got stabbed by ONE young man with a [scalpel]. LOL ..and yes i was packing." (sic) Prior to this, Watson had stated that he wasn't entirely happy with how his character's story ended. He believed that more could have been made out of Mike's exit storyline. DON'T MISS...Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker 'should be replaced by Whoopi Goldberg'  [EXPLAINER]NCIS fans fear for Gibbs’ future after 'concerning' clue [REACTION]NCIS’ Michael Weatherly speaks out on ‘great day’ from show [CAST] Watson told NCISfanatic: "To be fair, I think in planning it, it sounded good, but the way it played out - I think Mike needed more. "When you sum it up to a boy in the rain with a scalpel... it just wasn't enough to get Mike." Nevertheless, Watson has clearly stayed on good terms with the show as he has still made appearances. Mike has returned in the form of Gibbs' guardian angel on more than one occasion, the latest in 2017. In 2012, Watson starred in Amazon Prime's Diary of a Lunatic as The Creator. Going by his IMDb, he has a couple of other projects in the pipeline which have been announced. These will be films entitled Christian Movie where he will play Pastor Gary, and Jubilee which tells the tale of a young woman using music to "help her family escape the bondage of slavery in the American south". NCIS season 19 is available to watch on CBS in America and on Disney+ in the UK.