Royal fans were sent into a frenzy as the Royal Family Twitter account shared a rare picture of the Queen dating back to 1928. The sepia-coloured snap shows Princess Elizabeth, two, lying on her front and looking ahead with a cheeky smile. At the time, Elizabeth was not in the direct line to the throne. As noted by the message shared by the royal account, the princess was not born with the expectation to be one day crowned Queen. The tweet read: "Happy Birthday Your Majesty! "Today as The Queen turns 96, we’re sharing this photograph of the young Princess Elizabeth aged two. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here "Then, in 1928, it was never expected she would be Queen, and this year Her Majesty is celebrating her #PlatinumJubilee - a first in British history." Born as the first daughter of the Duke and Duchess of York, Elizabeth abruptly became the heir presumptive to the throne in December 1936, when her uncle King Edward VIII abdicated to marry American socialite Wallis Simpson and her father acceded to the throne as King George VI. Following the birthday message on Twitter, many royal fans joined in the celebrations for Her Majesty and wished her a happy birthday. Replying to the tweet, social media user @team_giudice wrote: "Three Cheers for The Queen on her 96th birthday. READ MORE: 'Can see it all blow up in their face again' Harry and Meghan warned "She is an extraordinary woman who has given her life to service and country. God bless the Queen. #QueenElizabeth" Another, @Lizzierose251, tweeted: "Happy birthday Your Majesty! I wish you all the best x thank you for all that you do and your many years of service x much love x" And another, @MeowReveal, added: "Happy birthday Your Majesty! Thank you for everything you have done for our country." Senior members of the Royal Family have also publicly marked the birthday of the Queen via their social media accounts.  Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William shared a poignant message on Twitter, reading: "Wishing Her Majesty The Queen a very happy 96th birthday today! "An inspiration to so many across the UK, the Commonwealth and the world, it’s particularly special to be celebrating in this #PlatinumJubilee year." The tweet also included two stunning photographs. One was taken ahead of the 2019 Chelsea Flower Show and shows the sovereign being shown around by Kate and William the concept garden created by the Duchess. The second snap was taken in 2018 at Balmoral Castle and shows the Queen and Prince Philip sitting on a couch and surrounded by their great-grandchildren. The Twitter account of Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, also published a sweet tribute for the sovereign. The tweet read: "Wishing Her Majesty The Queen a particularly special 96th birthday today, as we celebrate her Platinum Jubilee year." The message included four photographs showing the sovereign in the company of her son Charles and daughter-in-law Camilla. On the eve of the Queen's birthday, Buckingham Palace also released a new snap of Her Majesty. Taken last month, it shows the Queen standing between her two beloved Fell ponies, set to take part in May in a special Royal Windsor Horse Show exhibition marking the Platinum Jubilee called A Gallop Through History. Her Majesty is spending her special day privately at Sandringham, where she was flown yesterday by helicopter.