Chelsea star Jorginho could see his Chelsea career come to an end in the summer transfer window after reports suggested that manager Thomas Tuchel would accept Juventus midfielder Adrien Rabiot as part of a deal that could see the Italian move to Turin permanently. Deleted two pars, the second deleted par was a repeat of the intro. According to French news outlet But!, the Rabiot is a player Tuchel appreciates from their time together at Paris Saint-Germain. Rabiot made 20 appearances under Tuchel in the French capital before departing for Turin on a free transfer. But he has now been deemed surplus to requirements by Bianconeri boss Max Allegri having joined the club in 2019. The 27-year-old has made over 100 appearances since his move three years ago, but that spell will come to an end if a deal can be struck between the two sides. The report states that Allegri is keen to rebuild his midfield in the summer, with Jorginho a top target. READ MORE: Tottenham's Eriksen return hopes boosted as midfielder makes 'preference' clear The Old Lady have supposedly missed out on Ajax star Ryan Gravenberch with most of Europe's leading sides in the hunt for his signature. Manchester United's Paul Pogba has also been sounded out on a free transfer, whilst a mega-money move for Lazio icon Sergej Milinkovic-Savic has been touted. And with Jorginho added to the shortlist, Rabiot could be used as a pawn for Allegri to bring the Brazil-born playmaker to the Allianz Stadium. He joined Chelsea from Juventus' Serie A rivals Napoli in 2018 for a fee of around £50million. But with just one year left on his contract, there is no better time for Juventus to make a move, although it remains to be seen if Chelsea will be open to a deal. Emerson Palmer and Timo Werner are also being considered by the Italian giants, although Jorginho is at the top of their list as they believe he is their best chance of getting rid of Rabiot at the same time. DON'T MISS Roy Keane rants after Man Utd draw to Chelsea as Jamie Redknapp holds back laughter [REACTION]West Ham fans 'attack' German media after Michail Antonio goal against Frankfurt[REPORT]Liverpool 'considering two more signings' after completing Fabio Carvalho transfer[GOSSIP] Yet if Jorginho does fancy a move back to the Serie A, they could be powerless to stop him from leaving. A fee could be taken now rather than the risk of losing him on a free next season. The club are already set to lose Antonio Rüdiger and Andreas Christensen on free transfers at the start of July and will want to avoid a similar situation happening with the former Hellas Verona star. The Blues currently sit third in the Premier League, 14 points behind league leaders Manchester City.