Britain's Got Talent aired its second instalment of the new season on Sunday, April 17, showcasing a wide array of human and animal talents. Simon Cowell did not seem to be enjoying himself as much as his fellow judges, buzzing multiple acts to stop performing. Having enough of his negativity, fellow judge David Walliams called out the talent seeker and stated that no one should "bother" with what he thinks.  David's throwaway comments came when the five-piece band Rockstar Weekend took to the stage. The group consisted of 40 to 46-year-olds who wanted to "bring the party back to the UK". Shortly into their upbeat performance, judges Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon, and David stood up to dance while Simon sat and looked unimpressed. After Simon hit his buzzer, David said to Alesha: "What's his problem?" Read More: Coronation Street theory: Heartache for Eileen Grimshaw as she learns George's secret    Looking confused, she replied: "I am sure we are about to find out." After they finished, head judge Simon added: "I just think it was all over the place if I'm being honest with you." The camera cut to two audience members who disagreed and commented: "I think you are the wrong Simon." Having enough of his sombre tone, David chimed in over Simon and said: "Let's not bother with what Simon thinks of it."  "Sorry for having an opinion," Simon hit back. David, Alesha and Amanda loved the group and gave the band their support and a "yes". As the rockers left the stage, The Little Britain star looked across to Simon and questioned: "I just find it unthinkable that anyone can buzz that?" Simon replied: "Would you like me not to have an opinion?" He joked and wrapped up with: "I think everyone would." DON’T MISS…BBC Breakfast: Fans are convinced they have 'figured out' Dan Walker replacement [LATEST]Dec Donnelly breaks down in tears over BGT star's heartbreaking performance[LATEST]Yellowstone's Rip and Carter dinner scene had glaring continuity error - did you spot it? [LATEST]  Immediately after, finger-dancing extraordinaire Oswaldo performed an upbeat dance routine with his hand, which the same trio of judges loved. Despite his co-panellists dancing, he said: "We have never seen that before... there is a reason why." David shot up and pointed at the judge and shouted: "Boo," which encouraged the audience to join in. Oswaldo scored three yeses, with Amanda questioning: ''I don't know what more he wants?"    