Will Smith has issued a statement following his resignation from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences after he smacked Chris Rock at the 94th Academy Awards. The star explained via his representatives that he accepts full responsibility for his actions. He added that his actions were "inexcusable" and that he felt he had betrayed the trust of many, including Chris. In a statement issued yesterday, he said: "I have directly responded to the academy's disciplinary hearing notice, and I will fully accept all consequences for my conduct.  "My actions at the 94th Academy Awards were shocking, painful and inexcusable. "The list of those I have hurt is long and includes Chris, his family, many of my dear friends and loved ones, all those in attendance, and global audiences at home. "I betrayed the trust of the academy." READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show He added that he was "heartbroken" at having deprived other nominees of the opportunity to celebrate their work. The actor explained he wanted the focus to be taken off him and back on to the work the academy does to promote its work. He said: "I deprived other nominees and winners of their opportunity to celebrate and be celebrated for their extraordinary work. "I am heartbroken." “I want to put the focus back on those who deserve attention for their achievements and allow the Academy to get back to the incredible work it does to support creativity and artistry in film. "So, I am resigning from membership in the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. “I will accept any further consequences the Board deems appropriate. Change takes time and I am committed to doing the work to ensure that I never again allow violence to overtake reason." David Rubin, president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, said in a statement to People, that the academy accepted the resignation. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] He said: "We will continue to move forward with our disciplinary proceedings against Mr. Smith for violations of the Academy's Standards of Conduct, in advance of our next scheduled board meeting on April 18." The scandal arose when Chris Rock made a joke at the 2022 Oscars about Jada Pinkett Smith's shaved head. The actress, 50, has previously made clear that she suffers from alopecia, which causes hair loss. Will stormed the stage and struck Chris as a result of the joke. He has since made a public and lengthy apology on Instagram on Monday. The actor wrote: "I would like to publicly apologise to you Chris. "I was out of line and I was wrong. I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the kind of man I want to be. "There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness."