Former A Place In The Sun presenter Danni Menzies, 33, has weighed into the controversy surrounding Lewis Hamilton having his title snatched from him by Max Verstappen at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in December. Danni made the comments in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk while chatting about her love of Formula One. As the conversation turned to Red Bull’s win last year, Danni ruled: “It was a bit controversial, I think maybe Lewis was robbed.” However, the defeat hasn’t deterred Danni in her love for the sport as she added: “It's all about the drama”. Danni continued: “But that's the fun of Formula One, things happen, and you have just got to go with it. READ MORE:Joan Collins has not had surgery as star rejects Jane Seymour's remark “It's all about the drama. As long as it's on the telly and not in my life it's good.” She also decided to remain neutral in the rivalry between McLaren and Red Bull and gave a glowing review of Christian Horner and his Spice Girl wife, Geri Horner. The Scot gushed: “Who didn't grow up watching the Spice Girls and someone who married a Spice Girl is pretty cool in my books. “And actually, I really like Christian. “In an industry like that you have got to have a lot of confidence and you have got to have, maybe, a slight bit of arrogance to do well and make it work. “I'm quite a fan, I like them both," she added. It comes as Danni has just wrapped filming her new show with Formula Woman in Sweden. The competition will see contestants battle it out to be hailed as the next best female racing driver. DON'T MISSPenny Lancaster stuns in 21st birthday throwback snap[PICTURES]Chelsie Whibley dead: Actress dies aged 29 after cystic fibrosis battl[LATEST]Bill Maher tells Jada Pinkett Smith to 'put on a f*****g wig'[INSIGHT] As she looks forward to the show's release, Danni said: “Motorsport is very male dominated and it is a very expensive sport. "I love the fact that women from any age or background can enter when they wouldn't otherwise get the opportunity to see if they can make it. “We have got our final four girls and they will be driving Mclaren at the British GP. "It is a very expensive thing to do so it is amazing that Mclaren have been giving them the cars to do it.” Given her love of fast cars, Danni couldn’t resist the opportunity to have a go herself. When filming had finished, Danni said: “It was really cool to drive on the ice, we had an absolute blast. “I drove a Porsche and I wanted to go as fast as possible, so I made the instructor take me round for a few laps. I loved it, and laughed the whole way.” Formula Woman’s official release date is yet to be announced.