Erik ten Hag has told Manchester United chiefs not to make any contact with him in the 48 hours before an Ajax match, according to reports. Ten Hag is claimed to have issued 'strict instructions' to the Red Devils hierarchy to allow him to focus on the remainder of the season in Holland. The Dutchman will become the permanent boss of United in the summer. He has signed a three-year contract to replace Ralf Rangnick at Old Trafford. ESPN claims he has already been involved in key decision-making ahead of next season. But he also does not want to be distracted from Ajax's quest to win the Eredivisie title. Ten Hag wants to be left alone in the 48 hours before Ajax games. His side currently sit top of the Dutch top flight, four points clear of PSV Eindhoven with four games remaining. READ MORE: Liverpool star Salah edges out De Bruyne to win FWA Footballer of the Year  The 52-year-old is claimed to have made the request during his face-to-face talks with United chiefs in March. Ajax are next in action on Saturday when they host lowly PEC Zwolle. Speaking after it was announced he will take over at United, Ten Hag revealed his honour of being chosen by the Premier League giants. But he admitted it will be difficult to leave Ajax, the team he has managed since 2017. “It is a great honour to be appointed manager of Manchester United and I am hugely excited by the challenge ahead," Ten Hag said. "I know the history of this great club and the passion of the fans, and I am absolutely determined to develop a team capable of delivering the success they deserve. DON'T MISSTottenham's Eriksen return hopes boosted as midfielder makes 'preference' clear [TRANSFERS]Arsenal handed Gabriel Jesus boost despite Man City forward's form [GOSSIP]Roy Keane rants after Man Utd draw to Chelsea as Jamie Redknapp holds back laughter [REACTION]  "It will be difficult to leave Ajax after these incredible years, and I can assure our fans of my complete commitment and focus on bringing this season to a successful conclusion before I move to Manchester United." Ten Hag has been questioned by some onlookers for not having managed high-profile players such as Cristiano Ronaldo in the past. But he insists he has the capability to keep the likes of Ronaldo in check. He told Dutch outlet Trouw: "I think so, but I will remain myself in that too. I will not change my view on coaching. "The material always determines how you play, but I indicate the requirements that come with it and the standards. I tell who has what task and who does not meet it, will be told that, regardless of who it is. I make no concessions in that regard.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here