Leigh Voysey says Maureen Renny left a £1.65million seven-bed, detached home to her rather than to relatives to stop it being sold to developers. Hill House in Much Hadham, Herts, was until 1998 the site of The Barn School where Ms Voysey was a pupil from 1987. She claims Mrs Renny "always favoured her" and she "reconnected" by chance years later while working as a carer. But Mrs Renny's relatives are fighting Ms Voysey's bid to claim the fortune. Documents lodged at London's High Court say Mrs Renny died aged 82 in January 2020, four months after the contested will had been made. In a 2016 will she left her estate to her cousins Gillian Ayre, Angela Eastwood and Susan Vickers, and her stepson's two children. Ms Voysey, 42, says Mrs Renny dictated a replacement will to her and asked a friend to sign it as her sight was poor. The mum of one adds Mrs Renny knew she "loved" the old schoolhouse and decided to leave her everything, cutting out her family. In papers, Ms Voysey says she visited her as a carer and then as a friend: "Mrs Renny remembered exactly who I was, even though it was 25 years since I'd left." "Mrs Renny told me that she'd been asking about me. The whole experience that day was very touching. I visited Mrs Renny [as a friend] when I could...approximately three to four times a year." She said Mrs Renny asked two of Ms Voysey's friends to witness a new will: "The blank will was lying on the table. I have no idea how the will got there as Mrs Renny was chairbound. She was back to her usual self." Ms Voysey also claims Mrs Renny rejected a £10million offer from developers for the eight-acre site. But Kate Selway QC says in the family's defence: "The 2019 will is invalid because it was procured by the claimant's fraudulent conduct. "The claimant cared for the deceased only once. It is denied that the deceased made the 2019 will. Alleged events said by the claimant to have taken place...never happened." She says it was "impossible" the blank will was on the table as Ms Voysey arrived, as Mrs Renny was so frail she could not even hold a phone. Ms Selway says Mrs Renny lacked the capacity to execute the will and did not know or approve of it even if it was not faked - after a stroke in July 2019 she was recorded as being confused about money and vulnerable.