Founder Brianne West started the company when she was a student in university, making products in her sink. It was her passion for sustainable change and the environment that kept her pushing, and able to create a worldwide business. Brianne spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the journey she went on and how others can do the same. She said: “I’m very passionate about our environment, nature and equally passionate about science. So, I wanted to combine these and create a business that had a purpose beyond making money.” She explained the importance of having a vision that people can believe in. It has to be more than just money that drives a person or else people will stop in the face of adversity, the entrepreneur warned. Brianne studied biochemistry at university so she had a good base of chemistry when she started to teach herself cosmetic chemistry and formulation principles. She continued: “The initial idea to launch Ethique actually came to me in the shower when I came to the obvious realisation that with so much water literally on tap, there's no need to add it to the products we use. READ MORE: PIP claim: Britons living with joint pain may be able to get up to £150 each week “About six months later we did our first equity crowdfunding round, and raised $200,000 (around £153,000), and bought 152 shareholders on board.” When asked about the challenges she faced as a young entrepreneur, she said she was ignored a lot - something many young entrepreneurs have spoken about. As a young woman, she found people underestimated her and what she could do however that just gave her more fire to succeed. She encouraged others to not be daunted by more experienced investors who seem to know more. When speaking on "common mistakes" that young entrepreneurs make, and advice to combat this, Brianne explained it was a failure to plan. She said: "Plan! Plan Plan! I used to despise planning but it doesn't have to be a 50 page long corporate document with a fixed plan for the next three to five years. So if you think like that too, just start with a plan on a page, bulleting out your goals for that year, steps to achieve, resources you’ll need etc. you’ll be surprised what comes out." Although people do not often talk about the wisdom that comes with age, young entrepreneurs also have the capacity for good judgement and should trust their abilities, she explained. She added: “I was naïve and made some silly decisions, I didn’t back myself for a long time or have belief in my abilities and decisions and sometimes got completely overwhelmed.” Briane continued: “Between 2018 - 2020, Ethique grew by 999 percent and we now export to 22 countries with an annual turnover in the tens of millions, 85 percent of which are from exports. “We also prevented the manufacture of over 20 million plastic bottles as of February this year – which is a much more exciting statistic!” Brianne is incredibly passionate about empowering others both within and outside the industry to follow her example and give back more than they take. Beyond saving plastic bottles, Ethique exists to encourage other businesses to embrace regenerative products and practises by showing it’s possible to do that, and still be financially sustainable, she explained. She concluded: “I want Ethique to be a globally trusted brand which ultimately encourages other businesses and consumers to do more to look after the planet. I like to think that there will be a bar in every shower around the world. “I really do want to take Ethique to the level of a globally trusted brand and we are well on our way to doing so.”