Luke (played by Dan Fogler) is a recent yet vital addition to AMC’s iconic zombie drama. After being introduced in The Walking Dead’s ninth season, he played a pivotal role in the war against the Whisperers. However, the Fantastic Beasts star sadly hasn’t been glimpsed once since the series kicked off its final season last year. Series regular Dan has confirmed his The Walking Dead character Luke is most likely still alive and well in Oceanside. The former music teacher was last seen during season 10, in which his sound system lured the zombie horde away from the Alexandria Safe-Zone Tower. Although he ensured the continued survival of hundreds of Alexandrians, Luke has remained absent from the show for the rest of the series. Dan recalled: “Last time you saw Luke, he was chilling with Jules. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... “I suspect that he's over at Oceanside, just living it up on the beach there, having a good time.” The actor laughed and added: “Probably teaching a music lesson.” Jules (Alex Sgambati) was one of the only Oceanside residents confirmed to have survived by the end of the war after striking up a relationship with Luke during the 10th season. With his work at Alexandria done, Luke probably headed back to catch up with Jules and help the survivors pick up the pieces after the Coalition’s bout against the Whisperers. Thankfully, there’s still room for the star to come back to his role as Luke suffered a very different fate in the comic books compared to his small-screen counterpart. At the recent Fandemic panel, Dan admitted: “When they asked me to come on the show to play Luke I was like, 'Oh awesome I'll be on for one season [and] my head'll end up on a pike cause that's what happens in the comic book.’ "But then I got there and I got to ride horses and smash zombies and hang out with all these awesome people. “I was like, 'I kinda wanna stay', so they extended my stay.” DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom’s Finan star Mark Rowley recalls difficulty shooting [INSIGHT]Outlander fans spot filming blunder in pivotal Jamie scene [BLUNDER]Bridgerton’s Bessie Carter teases sad fate for Prudence [INTERVIEW] In Robert Kirkman’s original comic book run, Luke is one of the survivors who is decapitated by Alpha (Samantha Morton) to mark the border between the Whisperer and Coalition territories. This wasn’t the case with TV Luke, however, and the musical survivor was able to live to play another day. With season 11 bringing the mainline The Walking Dead series to an end this year, there’s a strong possibility he’ll turn up to lend a helping hand before the finale. He hasn’t returned for the first two parts of the final instalment so far, but there is still one more chunk of episodes to come before the series concludes. His disappearance may also be explained by Dan Fogler’s commitments to the Fantastic Beasts franchise, in which he portrays Jacob Kowalski. The third film in the Harry Potter prequel series, The Secrets of Dumbledore, is about to be released, so Dan may have found time to return to the set of the AMC drama for one last guest appearance. With things heating up in the Commonwealth, Daryl Dixon (Norman Reedus) and his companions may need to call on Oceanside to help them win another upcoming war. The Walking Dead season 11 continues Sundays on AMC in the USA and the following Monday on Disney+ in the UK.