Ulrika Jonsson, 54, has likened her romances to the likes of singer Madonna, 63, and Thandwie Newton, 49, who have all recently found comfort with a younger man. The Celebs Go Dating star suggested younger love interests seem to have "greater stamina" than men her own age. It comes after pop legend, Madonna, reportedly split from her lover Ahlamalik Williams, 26, after four years together. In addition, actress Thandie, who recently split from her husband Ol Parker, was spotted kissing her boyfriend and rapper Lonr, 26, in recent days. The mum-of-four compared longstanding relationships with someone closer to your own age with cars. She claimed "no matter how much we loved our old banger" it can run the risk of becoming "stale". READ MORE: Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband The former weather presenter added before you know the "bordeom has started to corrode the bodywork and predictability has rusted the gears". But Ulrika has insisted her recent encounter with a 26-year-old was "wholly accidental" after forgetting to set an age limit on a dating app. She admitted her love interest was the same age as her son, something she had previously sworn against. Writing in her latest column, she explained: "I couldn’t understand why all these young men seemed to be coming my way.   "I suppose 95 per cent of the men I have dated in the past year have been in their mid-twenties. "For some bizarre reason — perhaps some pretension of still clinging on to a morsel of morality — I made the arbitrary decision to not date anyone who was younger than my oldest son, who has since turned 27." She added to The Sun: "To that end, the youngest encounter I had last year was 26. (See, I do have some morals.)" Ulrika added that the choice for women to date a younger man can be "electrifying" and is the "shake-up" some women need in their lives. DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson brutal swipe at Brooklyn Beckham's wedding[LATEST]Elon Musk slams haters after Twitter takeover as he eyes new purchase[TWITTER]Demi Rose enters ‘barbie mode’ in cleavage-baring display[PICTURES] Taking to Instagram today, the small-screen star shared a clip of her latest column on the platform. She captioned the post: "To toyboy or not to toyboy? That is the question." The former Gladiators presenter shared a rare snap with all four of her children in a sweet photo taken last year. The TV host took to her Instagram stories to share the sweet selfie of her kids - Cameron, 27, Bo, 21, Martha, 17 and Malcolm, 13. Ulrika's first marriage was to cameraman John Turnbull in 1990 but the couple split after five years of matrimony. She married her second husband, Lance Gerrard-Wright in 2002 but the couple separated three years later. The presenter tied the knot with Brian Monet in 2008 after they began dating in 2006. The pair have since divorced and Ulrika has been single since 2019. 