NCIS LA is in the middle of airing season 13 on CBS with just a handful of episodes left to go. The drama has seen numerous changes in terms of casting over the years, including the introduction of Deputy Director Louis Ocha (played by Esai Morales). He starred in the 10th season where he was there to give the team a helping hand in legal matters. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.Described as "smart, authoritative, polished and trustworthy," Ochoa was accompanying a special prosecutor form the Department of Defense. They were there to investigate the NCIS office and its employees with Ochoa there to give his employees advice on how to navigate the prosecutor's questions. The interviews were taking place due to the risky mission in Mexico to rescue Shay Mosley's (Nia Long) son, which was conducted without permission from higher up. At the time, executive producer R Scott Gemmill described the Deputy Director as a "new ally". READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revenge Actor Esai Morales is probably best known for starring in Titans, Ozark, Fairly Legal and How to Get Away with Murder. He starred in NCIS Los Angeles season 10 back in 2018 for just seven episodes. This is because Morales' Ochoa was never intended to be a long-term character. He was introduced as part of the short storyline where all of the agents were being investigated.  It was never the case from either the NCIS LA creators or actor Morales himself for Ochoa to become a series regular. Executive producer Gemmill even stated at the time: “We are thrilled that the talented Esai Morales has signed on to this recurring role.” So while he was a welcomed addition to the team, the deputy director was only in the police procedural for the short term. Fans of his will soon be seeing even more of Morales in the future due to his various ongoing projects. DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway says Brits annoyed at Harry and Meghan's camera crew  [REACTION]NCIS LA theory: Callen betrays Kilbride to unearth past [THEORY]NCIS LA season 13: Sam undergoes life change to care for father [SPOILER] He will be starring alongside actor Tom Cruise in the upcoming Mission: Impossible 7. According to his IMDb page, the film is currently in post-production. This isn't the only movie in the franchise that Morales will be starring in as he will be back for Mission: Impossible 8. Some of his other future projects include The Latin from Manhattan, Master Gardener and Can't Go Home. While the original drama NCIS is almost over, there are still a few more instalments left to go for the spin-off. The show will continue on Sunday, April 24, for an episode called Genesis but the synopsis has not yet been released. Season 13 is going to finish off with 22 episodes, with the finale coming out on Sunday, May 22. NCIS Los Angeles season 13 continues every Sunday on CBS in America. NCIS LA is also available to watch on Disney+ in the UK.