Airing its second season, DNA Journey returned with The Chase's Anne “The Governess” Hegerty and Shaun “The Dark Destroyer” Wallace. The ITV series, which kicked off with sporting legends Andrew "Freddie" Flintoff and Harry Redknapp, follows a new set of celebrities each week as they plan to uncover their family histories. However, quizmaster Anne was left feeling shocked after unearthing a regal background revealing she was the cousin of Queen Elizabeth II. The former I’m A Celebrity star was told Queen Elizabeth II is her 19th cousin and that King Robert The Bruce was her 20-times great grandfather. After the 63-year-old and her co-star Shaun made the discovery, Anne recalled a discussion she’d had with her grandmother, realising it hadn’t been the first time she was told about her Royal Family ties. When remembering the conversation, she quipped: "My grandmother was the most tremendous liar. “My aunt said she was a romancer and she'd embroider life a bit, so I always felt that anything from my grandmother had to be taken with a pinch of salt.” READ MORE:Carolina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Carolina Santos?     During the programme, Shaun joked Anne's friends will now have to "bow and curtsy” saying: "Without spoiling anything, we call her 'Queen Anne', because obviously, she's the queen of quizzing, but we have to really bow and curtsy to her now!" An inside source for ITV gushed over Anne’s experience on the show and claimed she was “fascinated” by her discoveries. They said: "Anne was excited and fascinated to learn she has royal relations. It was a big shock to her but a very nice one. “She was very interested to delve into the details to find out more about it." Her link came from her mum’s side of the family, who bear the surname Hayes, with one of her relations marrying King of Scots' daughter Princess Elizabeth in 1370. Speaking candidly about her upbringing, the 63-year-old Chaser claimed she warned off asking about her heritage due to her mother’s notion that “it didn’t prove a thing”. She told ITV audiences: “My mother was always deeply disapproving of the idea of anyone knowing about their ancestors. “She'd say, 'It doesn't prove a thing, dear.' “As a child I was always curious about this stuff and my mother was always very repressive.” “I think it was because on my mother's mother's side, there's quite a bit of posh, and my mum thought I'd grow up to be a terrible snob. “But I've already grown up to be a terrible snob, so really there's nothing to hide.” Anne has made appearances on a number of other quiz shows, including Mastermind, Fifteen to One, Today's the Day, Are You an Egghead? and Brain of Britain. The popular quizzer was diagnosed with Asperger syndrome at the age of 45, which she spoke about frequently during her 2018 appearance on I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out Of Here! Speaking on the reality show, Anne stated she had learned how to deal with “social cues” as a teenager which helped her cope in adult life. Explaining her worries in camp to EastEnders star Rita Simons, she said: “I’m actually perfectly happy for the rest of you to be building the fire and boiling the water but I sort of think, ‘Come on Anne, pull your weight'.” Rita replied: “No we love it, but that’s what I mean, you do pick up on social cues?" “I hope I do,” Anne told the soap star actress. Discussing her disorder, she told The Guardian: “it still took a couple of years to get an autism spectrum disorder diagnosis. “When it came, it was a relief. It kind of helped me just reframe everything,” adding: “I suddenly found myself more sympathetic to others.” DNA Journeys airs Tuesday on ITV at 9pm