Vodafone is offering a range of freebies to its customers throughout the month of April. If you sign up to the VeryMe Rewards programme - which is available via the My Vodafone app for iOS and Android - you'll be in line to getting a Costa Coffee drink entirely for free as well as free Cadburys Easter chocolate. If you don't want to miss out on these freebies and more then you'll need to mark down certain dates in your diary. The free Costa Coffee drink will be available for Vodafone customers on April 22. Those taking part in the VeryMe Rewards programme will be able to get one small drink priced up to £2.90 when claiming in store. There is a wide range of drinks available to choose from, such as Costa Coffee staples like a cappuccino or latte as well as more fancy, sweet selections like the caramel cortado or iced cortado. You can find a full list of the drinks you'll be able to get from Costa entirely for free at the bottom of this article. Also, for those that have a big sweet tooth on April 15 you'll also be able to get free Cadbury mini eggs from WH Smith.  Besides this, there are plenty of other freebies available with VeryMe Rewards in April. Vodafone customers will be able to claim free Easter popcorn from Joe & Seph’s (when paying the £3 postage fee required), will be able to get free dog treats from Pooch & Mutt between April 18 and 24 and will also be able to choose a free film to watch for their next movie night, thanks to a free rental available from Chili on April 29. Between April 4 and 30 Vodafone is also offering customers an instant win on Easter decorations and treats from Argos, Choc on Choc and Sainsbury’s, while between April 11 and 24 customers can enter a lucky dip to win one of the following prizes - a holiday to an animal themed destination at countries such as Japan or The Bahamas as well as a pet hamper.  Speaking about the latest offers for April Vodafone said: "Vodafone’s VeryMe Rewards launched in November 2018 and over 65 million rewards have been claimed to date. The loyalty programme uses machine learning to tailor and personalise deals to meet individual tastes, with daily rewards including free treats and money off well-known brands. Over time, the app learns what customers like so that they don’t miss out on deals from their favourite brands. "VeryMe Rewards can be accessed via the My Vodafone app which can be downloaded from the App Store and Google Play store." Americano, Americano & Milk, Caffe Latte, Cappuccino, Caramel Cortado, Cold Brew Black, Cold Brew Whip, Cortado, Berry Infusion, Decaffeinated Tea, Mint Infusion, Earl Grey, English Breakfast Tea, Espresso, Espresso Con Panna, Flat Black, Flat Black & Milk, Hot Chocolate, Iced Americano, Iced Cappuccino, Iced Caramel Cortado, Iced Chocolate, Iced Cortado, Iced Espresso, Iced Espresso Macchiato, Iced Flat Black, Iced Latte, Iced Mocha Cortado, Iced Ristretto, Jasmine Green Tea, Macchiato, Mocha Cortado, Peach Iced Tea, Pure Green Tea, Ristretto, Strawberry Iced Infusion, Summer Fruit Infusion, White Hot Chocolate. 