Growing tomatoes at home has several benefits including cutting down on food bills as well as reducing pesticide and fertiliser use. Tomatoes are ideal for growing in containers, either outdoors in a sunny spot or in a greenhouse. What’s more, there’s a whole array of varieties to choose from, including sweet cherry tomatoes and giant beefsteaks. According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), tomatoes generally have two ways of growing. This includes cordon, where they will require tall supports, growing up to 1.8 metres in height. They are great for growing in a greenhouse, but will also do well in sunny spots outdoors, either in the ground or in large pots. The RHS said they are useful when space is limited, as the plays will grow vertically. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove limescale deposits from your taps Bush tomatoes are shorter and wider, great for smaller gardens, pots and growing bags. The RHS said: “Smaller types can also be grown in hanging baskets, with the stems trailing over the sides. “These are the easiest type to grow and need little maintenance apart from watering and feeding.” Gardeners should check packets or plant labels before buying to ensure they purchase the variety they want. DON'T MISS:How to get rid of ants using cupboard essentials - ‘effective’ [EXPERT]Monty Don shares how to keep slugs and snails away from plants [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘amazing’ 99p product to clean electric hob [EXPLAINER] Speaking to Express.co.uk, gardening guru at Miracle-Gro, Kate Turner, explained: “Before you start buying tomato seeds, it is worth noting there are a variety of tomato types including salad tomatoes, cherry tomatoes and beefsteak tomatoes. “If you have a heated greenhouse, you can begin sowing in late winter. “If not, you can sow indoors from early spring.” To start with, fill nine centimetre pots with seed compost and water well. Next, sow three or four seeds on the surface before covering it lightly with a thin layer of compost. To help germination, gardeners should cover their container with a polythene bag and place either in a greenhouse or on a sunny windowsill. After a couple of weeds, the seeds should have germinated. Kate said: “Once the seeds have germinated, remove the bag. Make sure you water the pots frequently to ensure the compost stays moist. “Once the seedlings are about 15 centimetres tall, plant them in their final locations. “Only plant outside once all the risk of frost has passed and after getting the plant used to being outside in the day but back in at night, it’s called hardening off.” Early April is the perfect time to sow tomato seeds, but if gardeners have missed the time slot, young plants can be purchased from garden centres. The RHS added: “Water tomato plants regularly to keep the soil or compost evenly moist. “Plants in containers dry out quickly, so they may need watering daily in hot water. “To boost fruiting, especially with plants in containers, feed every 10 to 14 days with a high potassium liquid fertiliser once the first fruits start to swell.” Tomatoes start to ripen from mid-summer onwards, depending on the variety, weather conditions and fruit size.