Arsenal’s hopes of playing in the Champions League next season took a major blow on Saturday when Brighton picked up a surprise win at the Emirates Stadium. Brighton had been on a terrible run, without a win in seven matches, when they arrived in north London. Yet they left with three points, having turned over Mikel Arteta’s side 2-1 in an impressive performance.     Arteta did not hold back in his post-match press conference. He said his side were “sloppy”, had a “problem of the approach and the courage” and lacked “the ownership to take decisions ourselves”. He was then asked where Arsenal should go from here. “What happens is we criticise ourselves a lot again. Get slapped again because we deserve it a lot and we were really poor in the first half and then lift ourselves up. We know this road is taking ourselves nowhere, especially with where we want to be,” Arteta replied with fire in his eyes. “We have everything to play for in the last eight games and we have to have that energy and visualise the beautiful challenge that we have ahead and not sit back and see what happens.” Arsenal are fifth in the Premier League, three points behind Tottenham – albeit with a game in hand. They have now lost three of their last four Premier League matches, just when they have needed to find some consistency. It means they are in danger of blowing their chance to return to the Champions League. JUST IN: Man City boss Pep Guardiola admits title doubts after Liverpool draw  The Gunners have spent five long, painful years out of Europe’s top club competition. Arsene Wenger made a habit of qualifying for the Champions League. He was so consistent at it, achieving 19 successive qualifications from 1998/99 to 2016/17, that it became taken for granted. But the Frenchman was under no illusions about how difficult it was to finish in the top four and qualify for the Champions League. His commitment to the cause was absolute – and he even raised eyebrows with his comments on the subject towards the back end of the 2004/05 season. DON'T MISS Tottenham boss Antonio Conte hails five players after cementing fourth Arsenal boss Arteta appears to blame his own players for 'sloppy' loss Arsenal lose to Brighton: Five things we learned as Gunners lose again  “That will be our target of course,” he said when asked about the Champions League. “I must say, it’s even a bigger target than the FA Cup final [against Manchester United] because that is a guaranteed place in the Champions League, it’s not a qualifying game in the Champions League.” When asked whether he would rather finish second in the Premier League and lose the FA Cup final, he replied: “Let’s say I would rather achieve my first target first and then the second target. The first target is to get in the Champions League.” Arteta echoed Wenger when he discussed Arsenal’s aims last month. "We have to be there, we should be there,” he told the BBC. “Our history obliges [us] to be there but we are not there yet and there are still a lot of games to play. We have an excellent group of people at the club who believe in what we do and then you have to put performance into results. The last few months we have been more consistent.” That consistency has deserted them. The Gunners need to get back on track before they face Spurs in the north London derby on May 12. The problem is the fixture list has not been kind: they face Southampton (a), Chelsea (a), Manchester United (h), West Ham (a) and Leeds (h) before then. Arteta would be wise to keep Wenger’s thoughts in mind over the next few weeks. 