Not only is a build-up of dust behind your radiator unsightly, it could also be stopping the heating system from working efficiently. In spring and summer radiators might be the last things on our minds, but when it comes to care and cleaning they shouldn’t be. Andrew Collinge, a heating product expert at Best Heating, explained that we should be removing the dust from our radiators on a weekly basis – no matter the season. He explained how cleaning radiators can help homeowners save on thier energy bills. Andrew said: “The majority of dust, about 60 percent, comes from the outdoors and things we bring inside. “Dust settles on radiators easily. “But keeping it clean can help lower heating costs as the build-up can prevent heat from escaping. “Therefore making your radiators work harder and longer to keep a room warm.” Radiators can be tricky items to clean, although, if you follow Andrew’s steps you should have yours dust free in no time. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 44p hack to remove radiator marks The heating experts advised that the radiator be turned for two reasons before cleaning. He said: “Before you begin cleaning your radiators, it’s important that they are turned off. “It is not only safer, but prevents them drawing up more dust while you clean.” Before you reach for a feather duster, Andrew recommends using a vacuum to clean in, around and underneath the radiator. This will help to capture the dust, as opposed to unsettling it with a duster and pushing it back into the air DON'T MISS:House prices: The 10 UK property 'hotspots'  [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ way to remove sock stains [TIPS]Garden pests: How to avoid a rat infestation in your garden [EXPERTS] The expert explained: “Use a vacuum to clear as much dust in and around the radiator as possible. “If your vacuum has them, use the smaller attachments to get inside down the fins.” To reach the remaining bits of dust and dirt, after vacuuming the majority out, use a radiator cleaning brush. If you don’t have one you can easily make your own. Andrew suggested: “Take a stick or piece of wood and wrap a microfibre cloth or fluffy duster around it and secure it with tape. “To get rid of the smaller pieces that get caught on the radiator fixings, using a hairdryer on a cold setting is an effective way to blow these out down onto the towel.” However, remember to put down a towel under the radiator before embarking on this stage to protect your flooring. Andrew continued: “Fill a bucket with warm soapy water and using a sponge, wipe down the outside of the radiator. “Ensure you have a lot of soapy suds on your sponge and ring it out so that it is damp but not dripping.” Dry your radiator thoroughly with a microfibre cloth to make sure the metal isn’t left to rust. After cleaning the radiator, give the surrounding wall and skirting boards a check to see if any of the radiator dust has fallen down. The expert explained: “These may need wiping down too. “Sometimes the heat can cause dirt and dust to stick to the wall. “Give any marks a rub with the soapy sponge being careful not to damage any paintwork.”