BBC presenting regular Lauren Laverne was joined by Jermaine Jenas on The One Show as they chatted with Nick Grimshaw, Emma Willis, Scarlett Moffatt, Monty Panesar and Marianna Spring. Despite the all-star line-up, Lauren's blue dress divided viewers, with fans looking to either purchase it or call out the star for the fashion faux pas. Radio DJ and presenter Lauren Laverne looked a vision in blue as she wore a long-sleeved blue and white dress. Looking at ease on the iconic The One Show sofa, she was unaware that she was whipping up a fashion frenzy online while presenting the show. Viewer @pauldicker22 tweeted: "What the hell is she wearing is that a blue mermaid tent #theoneshow." However, fashion-forward @Amanda17302131 asked: "Where did you get your dress from it is beautiful." (sic) Read More: Carolina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Carolina Santos now?  Viewers took turns to share their thoughts on the item, which pulled them away from the discussions taking place in the studio. Melanie Turner said: "Does anyone know where Lauren Laverne’s dress is from that she is wearing on The One Show? @laurenlaverne, @BBCTheOneShow #theoneshow #laurenlaverne." (sic) @iansmit58861933 added: "Why is the girl on the settee wearing a tent??" (sic) "Why is Lauren Laverne wearing one of Demis Roussos’ kaftans? #bbc #Theoneshow," @combi31 commented.   Fortunately, keen dresser Nina Pottell was watching the show and replied to those who asked with the details of the dress and said: "Somerset by Alice Temperley at John Lewis." Presenters Nick Grimshaw and Emma Willis joined her on the show to talk about their latest project. Emma dialled in virtually with Nick in the studio, and they spoke about their new Channel 4 show, The Great Home Transformation. The show's synopsis reads: "Two of Britain’s best-loved presenters, Emma Willis and Nick Grimshaw, are teaming up for a new Channel 4 series, The Great Home Transformation, as they set about transforming family homes across the country in just three days with the help of one life-changing truck." The Channel 4 series will be made up of six episodes and in partnership with IKEA. DON’T MISS…Dan Walker quits BBC Breakfast as he lands hosting role on Channel 5  [LATEST]'I'm going to get roasted' University Challenge finalists despair over drag slang round [LATEST]Derry Girls writer claims Brexiteers 'didn't know what they were voting for' [LATEST]    Earlier on in the show, the pair spoke about their proposals and Emma let slip that she likes to take control and that her husband, Busted star Matt Willis, didn't get to finish his dream proposal. On their magical moment, she said: "We were in Venice. "It was my birthday, and he [Matt] kept wanting to go on walks, down little canals, which was not Matt really." The singer was quieter than usual, with the Big Brother host revealing: "I actually thought he was going to finish with me."    Lucky for her, that was not the case, and when he found the perfect location to pop the question, Emma stopped him mid-kneel. She added: "He looked at me and pulled this box out of his pocket and he kind of dropped on one knee and I just went 'don't you dare'." He finished his proposal standing on a quieter scale than he would have liked. The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One. 