Isaac Baruch said he was surprised when a picture later appeared online showing the actress with a bruised cheek. The artist also described how the couple's long-running legal dispute had "wrecked" his friend's life.  He took the stand on the second day of evidence in the bitter defamation case between the two Hollywood stars who divorced in 2017. Pirates Of The Caribbean star Mr Depp is suing his ex-wife for libel over a newspaper article she wrote about domestic abuse. Mr Baruch used to live in a Los Angeles apartment owned by Johnny Depp in a block where the couple also had a penthouse. He described an incident in May 2016 when he visited the stars' apartment and saw shattered glass and wine splashed over the walls and floor.  Mr Baruch said Josh Drew - a friend of Ms Heard - had opened the door and told him it had been a "rough night". The following day, he told the court, he saw Ms Heard with Mr Drew and a man in black. When he asked the actress what had happened, he said she told him: "Johnny came by last night and he got violent. "So I'm changing the locks on [penthouses] 1, 3 and 5." Mr Baruch testified he saw no bruises, redness, or swelling on Ms Heard, and said she was not wearing any make-up. He told the court in Fairfax, Virginia: "I say to Amber, 'He hit you?' And she says, 'Yeah, he threw a phone at me, and hit me.' And I go, 'Where?'  "She puts her head out, to show me the right eye of her face. I inspect her face. I don't see anything. I don't see a cut, a bruise, swelling, redness. It's just Amber's face." Mr Baruch said he kissed Ms Heard on the face and noted she did not flinch. When asked about the lighting in the hallway where he saw the actress, he said it was bright. Mr Baruch said when he saw Ms Heard again the following week no bruises had appeared. But he later saw a photo on the internet showing the actress with injuries on her cheek. He said he remembered thinking "What the hell is this?" before learning the couple had filed for divorce.  At their next meeting, Mr Baruch said he told Aquaman star Ms Heard: "Me and you are not going to talk any more...I'm confused and frustrated and angry by everything I've seen." He said she replied: "I'm sorry you feel that way." Shortly afterwards, Mr Baruch said he saw a security video in which Ms Heard's sister threw a fake punch at the actress, causing them both to laugh. Asked if he was angry at Ms Heard's allegations of abuse, Mr Baruch said: "Yeah, that kind of got me confused and frustrated and angry, upset." He added: "For Johnny, his family has been completely wrecked by all of this stuff and it's not fair."  The trial stems from a complaint filed in 2019 by Mr Depp, 58. He alleges Ms Heard defamed him in an article she wrote for TheWashington Post. In it she described herself as "a public figure representing domestic abuse", although she did not name her ex-husband. Mr Depp, who is expected to give evidence, has asked for £38.4 million in damages. Ms Heard has filed a counterclaim, accusing her ex of orchestrating a "smear campaign against her". She wants £76.7million in damages. Mr Depp lost a libel case in 2020 against News Group Newspapers over a 2018 article in The Sun with a headline referring to him as a "wife-beater". 