Netflix’s highly acclaimed crime drama Ozark will at last return to screens this month for the final instalment of the series. After the release of the show’s tense trailer fans are convinced Sam Dermody (played by Kevin L. Johnson) will attack Wendy Byrde (Laura Linney).  Fans have been eagerly awaiting the release of Ozark’s fourth and final instalment. The season was split into two parts and as the first came to an end in January, viewers have been anticipating how the show will end after the second half is released. Thankfully for fans, they gained a major insight into the final few episodes after the trailer was released last week. The action-packed snippet had many ‘blink and you’ll miss it’ moments, however, one thing fans were convinced they spotted was Sam attacking Wendy. READ MORE: University Challenge finalists despair over drag slang round Throughout the series, Sam was one of many Ozark locals whose lives were ruined after encountering the Byrde family. It started off innocent enough, as he was an Estate Agent looking to sell the family their first home after they relocated from Chicago. Soon after, Sam decided to hire Wendy to work alongside him to help him make the homes look more appealing. However, trouble soon followed in season three with the creation of the casino riverboat. During this time he also found love and proposed to the local stripper Jade (Melissa Saint Amand). Sam got tied into the Byrde’s money laundering scheme and as a result, wound up with a serious gambling addiction and criminal record after being spotted by Angel Miller. In part one of season four, it appeared as though Sam had got his life together as he was working at the Lazy O motel, however Wendy visited. Her son Jonah (Skylar Gaertner) gained a new hatred for his mother and ran away to live at the motel. DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun buyer slams counter offer in ‘tense’ negotiations [REACTION]Ozark season 4 theory: Omar to kill Javi as fans expose Ben clue [THEORY]Ozark fans fume as major character killed in trailer [REACTION] But Sam knew she was his mother and as a result let her into the motel, breaking the rules. Therefore fans believe it could be him attacking Wendy, finally having had enough of the way she treated him. Taking to Reddit, user MachinGunink asked: Is that Sam who is attacking Wendy in the trailer? “He seems to have a building animosity towards Wendy during part 1, which doesn't help that the Byrdes basically ruined his life.” They added: “Also Sam tends to wear those types of short-sleeved dress shirts, it seems like it would be a natural end to his arc if he ends up finally snapping.”  Another viewer prwest62 agreed: “It makes perfect sense; they get him addicted to gambling, cause him to lose his fiance, his money, and now he's working at the Lazy O. “Wendy uses him to get into Jonah's room and locks him out of the Casino after he's addict to gambling. All she says is, ‘It's for your good.’” This user continued: “If Sam is beating down Wendy, it will come as no shock. “Many people think Sam is stupid, but the truth is Sam is kind, and those are the people backstabbers take advantage of the most.” Fans will have to tune in to find out if it was Sam and how the series will end for the Byrde family. Ozark season 4, part 1, is available to stream on Netflix now. Ozark season 4, part 2, premieres April 29.