Harry Kane is curious to hear out Manchester United's offer this summer as he ponders an exit from Tottenham yet again. Ralf Rangnick has told the Red Devils they need more physicality while a striker is top of their wish list in the transfer window. Tottenham are set to brace themselves for another summer of transfer speculation surrounding their star man Kane. However, this time it will be coming from the red half of Manchester not the blue. Last year, Manchester City made several offers to the England international to sign for them and bolster Pep Guardiola's already-formidable attack. However, Spurs chief Daniel Levy stuck to his guns and refused to sell Kane, despite the player's protests. And while the Premier League champions appear to have cooled their interest, the Tottenham talisman's future remains very much up in the air with United chasing a striker. The Red Devils are ready to break the bank to rebuild their squad, which has dropped behind their rivals. In the summer, there will be several departures including up front, with Edinson Cavani is out of contract and Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial tipped to leave. United have long been admirers of Kane, but this summer they are set to ramp up that interest. And the 28-year-old is curious over what United can offer, according to The Athletic. Kane has not committed his future to the north London club after being told he could not depart last summer. The pain of that failed transfer is still rankling as his career starts to enter the final throes. However, Levy's resolve is unlikely to have faltered and he remains determined to keep his prized assets from his domestic rivals. The thought of selling Kane would also disturb Antonio Conte, who walked away from Inter Milan after they sold Romelu Lukaku. There is also a question of money with Kane likely to be priced somewhere over £100million - especially if United are interested. Clubs have usually whacked on a premium when the Red Devils enter the conversation due to their financial might. Rangnick has told his bosses at Old Trafford that there is a distinct lack of physicality at the club and Kane would certainly bring more power in attack. His overall game, including his remarkable playmaking ability, would be a huge benefit to United. But with plenty of targets on the shortlist, including Declan Rice who also has a nine-figure valuation, splashing out so much on one player might prove tough. Departures are expected at United but prising mammoth fees out of clubs for players that they must get rid of is hardly the best bargaining chip. Nevertheless, the fact that Kane is willing to enter conversations with the Red Devils over a transfer will give them plenty of confidence. And it also means that Tottenham fans are in for another long summer.