Mino Raiola has posted an angry social media post after reports that he had died on Thursday morning were denied by his agency. Italian media incorrectly claimed that the super-agent, who represents the likes of Paul Pogba, Erling Haaland and Zlatan Ibrahimovic, had passed away aged 54. It is the second time that premature reports of Raiola’s death have surfaced. In January, it was wrongly claimed that the negotiator had died in hospital. It is understood that the Italian is ‘critically ill’ but has not died. A post has been sent from his Twitter account, though, taking aim at publications who reported his death. The message alludes to the fact that it is the second time there had been incorrect information about his health. It read: “Current health status for the ones wondering: pissed off second time in 4 months they kill me. Seem also able to resuscitate.” Raiola’s agency quickly denied reports on Thursday. They said: "They're fake rumours. He is not dead." A representative followed up with: "He's in a bad position, but he hasn't died." In January, Raiola’s Twitter account confirmed that he had undergone surgery after being hospitalised, although the nature of the operation was not revealed. A tweet read: "Mino Raiola is undergoing ordinary medical checks that require anaesthesia. All was planned and no emergency surgery happened." Raiola has forged a reputation as one of the most prominent agents in football. He started his career with Sports Promotions. Bryan Roy, Dennis Bergkamp, Michel Kreek were among those who profited from his service. His clients include some of the biggest names in the sport, with Pogba, Haaland, Ibrahimovic, Gianluigi Donnarumma, Marco Verratti, Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Mario Balotelli all his stewardship. Several of those players have been linked with summer transfers. Haaland is now widely expected to join Manchester City in a blockbuster switch from Borussia Dortmund.  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures, and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /sport Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion, and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real-time. We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos, and pictures throughout the day to like, comment, and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express, and Express.co.uk.