Momentum is growing when it comes to Erik ten Hag being the new manager of Manchester United. While the Red Devils have interest in Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique, it’s the Ajax boss who is now their No 1 target. And, with that being the case, fans on social media have been creative. United know they need to get this appointment right. David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer have all come and gone in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement, with the club falling further and further behind Manchester City and Liverpool amid their time in the wilderness. United have already interviewed Pochettino, while they’re also interested in Enrique and Lopetegui - despite the fact they’re committed to Spain and Sevilla respectively. But Ten Hag is now their No 1 target to take over from interim boss Ralf Rangnick at the end of the current campaign. United have talked with the Dutchman and there’s a sense that it’s only a matter of time before he leaves Ajax for a new adventure in the Premier League. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And fans on social media have been getting creative as speculation over the 52-year-old rumbles on. Supporters have been taking to Photoshop and other photo editing websites to mock up images of Ten Hag sporting their gear. User @UtdDilan shared a mocked up image of Ten Hag holding their famous red jersey, imagining a possible announcement. @UnitedPeoplesTV have gone one further, editing a picture showing Ten Hag signing a new contract with Rangnick and Paul Mitchell present. User @UnitedDNA99 has shared another edited image of Ten Hag in the club’s red training gear, with the initials ‘ETH’ stitched on on. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players And @RonaldoProp has done similar, with the difference being the Ajax boss wearing black instead of red. Ten Hag is certainly the fans’ choice when it comes to taking the top job. And if he does secure the role, United will be hoping they can finally win a first Premier League title since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. Reports today have also suggested Ten Hag could raid Ajax for two players if he’s given the keys to Old Trafford at the end of the campaign. Antony is one asset the Dutchman could land, with the Brazil international scoring 12 goals across all competitions this term. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And Jurrien Timber is another, with the centre-back a potential signing due to the issues of Harry Maguire at the back this term. Ten Hag was coy on United links when quizzed on the matter in midweek, though did admit they were a ‘great club’. “Everyone knows each other in the industry,” he said. “There are always talks with representatives from other clubs, that's normal. Manchester United is a great club with great fans. “But I can only repeat myself: My full focus is completely on Ajax! We are already planning for the new season.” Though he did also insist he was focused on Ajax at the present moment in time. “My focus is currently only on Ajax. But in football you never know,” he said. “I don't want to rule anything out. If at some point I should decide to take the next step, I hope that people here will understand.” United are next in action against Leicester on Saturday (5.30pm). And they’ll be hoping to avoid a repeat of the 4-2 defeat suffered at the King Power Stadium earlier in the campaign.