Weather forecasts have Brits braced for more wet and soggy weather in the upcoming bank holiday weekend as spring weather brings unsettled temperatures through until May. Over the four-day Easter weekend forecasters predict rain and prolonged showers, and even some snow.   Met Office forecaster Jonathan Vautrey said: “The general theme is for the weather to be unsettled. “There will be a damp and cloudy start to the working week for most with further outbreaks of rain on Tuesday and Wednesday in Scotland, Northern Ireland and Northern England. “There will also be a more persistent band of rain across southern areas by Thursday.” Meteorologist Alex Deakin added: “It may have been a milder Monday, but don't get used to it, colder weather is on the way for all of us in the next few days. READ MORE: Jet stream to freeze Britain - rain, snow and icy gales till Easter “The snow continues into Tuesday night and Wednesday morning, coming down to low levels in Scotland.” Echoing concerns for more snow, a Met Office forecaster said: “Thursday and through the weekend is likely to be cold in the north with wintry showers, and a risk of snow on the edge of rainbands in the Midlands. “Widespread frosts are expected in the north, with some icy patches.” Forecasters expect a wet start for most places today, however, southern areas of the UK are set to enjoy a milder day. DON'T MISSSpain holidays in ‘jeopardy’ after Costa del Sol hit by storm [UPDATE]UK Storm forecast: 60mph winds, -5C lows and SNOW [INSIGHT]Snow tracker: Scotland braced for -6 Arctic blast - Met Office [REVEAL]   There will also be more widespread showers in the afternoon with a moderate breeze. The top temperatures today are expected to be 12C in southern England, 10C in the north, 8C in Scotland and 10C in Northern Ireland. The Met Office reveals the UK could be hit with rain, wind and cooler temperatures over the next fortnight. Some parts of Scotland may see snow return.    The long-term forecast for the Met Office reads: “Throughout the weekend, it is likely to be cold for most places, with wintry showers, mainly in the north, interspersed with sunny and clear spells, and overnight frosts expected in places. “Winds will be moderate and locally strong along coastal locations. “Later in the period it will be unsettled across central and southern areas with spells of rain and showers throughout, some locally wintry particularly on higher ground. “Likely drier further north, with some isolated wintry showers becoming more unsettled here towards the end of the period. “Windy at times in southern and western regions. Likely to be cold at first with temperatures soon returning to normal in the south and more widely later.”  