Chest freezers, mattresses, knives and even used needles have been dumped in the back garden of the house in Grimsby, Lincolnshire, over the past six months. The mess is overflowing into the street, where kids regularly play together. Neighbours, some of whom are parents, are furious with the mess. Sukina Scott, 43, who has lived on the street for six years, said: "It's just been used as a dumping ground since everyone knows the former tenants have left. "A young boy even found two knives in there not so long ago. As well, there are rats and even a stray cat living in amongst the rubbish. It's disgusting to know this is all going on. My partner is disabled after he had a stroke a couple of years ago, but he can't get past that bit of path on his scooter because of all the broken glass that's on the floor. "It's both disgusting and dangerous to think kids are playing in all of that. We've tried raise the issue with authorities and the landlord but nobody can seem to do anything about it. The other day, kids went in and grabbed a tin of fence paint and just started throwing it all along the ground. "There use to be a gate on the back of the house, but now that's come off it's even worse. We'd love to get the mess sorted, but we've got no power to do anything. If we were to hire a skip we'd need about four of them, the place is like a mini tip." Vulnerable pensioners also live on the estate, Grimsby Live reports. Residents have spent a lot of time trying to clean the street and alleyways but still believe the area is unsafe. "As the older people pass away and their properties go up for sale, tenants seem to move in who don't care about the area and this is the result of that," Mary Hogsberg, who has lived in the area for more than 50 years, said. "We clean up the alley all the time when there's rubbish in it and whenever we clean it, someone comes and pulls it all back out again. I often clean it myself and last week I had a little girl with me. I told her not to pick anything up as it might be dangerous, but soon after she brought two used needles to me, I was just thankful she hadn't pricked herself. "Kids are always playing round here and you don't want them having to play in this. Cleaning up does feel like a waste of time now though because of how ignorant and rude some people are. They just don't seem to have any pride." Another resident, who wished to remain anonymous, said: "It's just awful. The rubbish all over the grass is the last thing any of us want to see when we're walking or watching our kids playing."