Johnny Depp has accused his ex-wife Amber Heard of refusing to give him medication during his detox in the Bahamas. He says he was crying and begging her, but she refused. Black Mass actor Johnny said in court that he was on a detox from opiates in 2014 on his own private island in the Bahamas. He claimed Amber insisted on coming along to the detox, with his doctor and another nurse, in place of Johnny’s sister, Christi Dembrowski. Johnny added that he was “uncomfortable” with this arrangement. The Jack Sparrow actor alleged that there would be times when his medical team were not available, such as early in the morning, and so Amber was given his medication. Amber was so strict about the exact times she had been told to give him the medication, she wouldn’t budge no matter how much pain from withdrawal he was in, Johnny claimed. Describing what detoxing felt like, he said: "It feels like the inside of you, the very inside of you, is trying to escape the body. “It becomes obviously very physical... you'd have immense cramps in your stomach, muscles would seize... the pain is like nothing I've experienced before." While he was desperate to have his medication earlier in the day than scheduled, he claimed Amber refused, and it was the “lowest point” of his whole life. "It was physical," he said. "I hate saying this and I hate to have to admit this but that was about the lowest point in my life. “That was the lowest I'd ever felt as a human being, because I had to say, ‘Please, please may I have the meds, because it's really kicking in.’ “She was adamant... it's not time." Amber, who denies any accusations of abuse, has yet to testify in the ongoing defamation trial. DON'T MISS: 'Heartbroken' Helen Mirren breaks silence after Rio Hackford's deathAmanda Holden, 51, teases fans as she flaunts legs in daring skirtCarol Kirkwood sets record straight on BBC Breakfast future The actor also described the incident which led to the tip of his finger being severed, claiming the row began over his keenness to have a postnuptial agreement, as he said she refused to sign a prenuptial agreement before their wedding. Johnny said Amber threw two bottles at him which smashed, and the second one caused the tip of his finger to be cut off. “I was looking at bone,” he said. He continued to say he felt like he was having a “nervous breakdown”, which is why he then wrote on walls in his blood. Johnny said what he wrote were “reminders” of “lies” Amber had told him throughout their relationship. Today marks the second day that Johnny has taken to the stand to testify against Amber as he sues her for $50million. So far, he has only been questioned by his own legal team, but will be cross-examined later on in the trial. Amber, who is counter-suing Johnny for $100million, has not yet taken to the stand. The trial continues.