A Russian lawmaker issued a sinister death threat against Boris Johnson after singling out Britain as a "prime target" for Vladimir Putin. Boris Johnson's strong stance against the Russian invasion of Ukraine has earned him a spot as the number one enemy of Kremlin supporters. Speaking on Kremlin-controlled state TV, Russia-1, one lawmaker said Russia "can carry out a nuclear strike against Great Britain". He pointed to false reports that Mr Johnson had suggested the UK was considering launching a nuclear strike on Russia without consulting with other NATO partners. This spread across Russian state TV this week in the wake of Russia's successful test of the Sarmat ballistic missile, leading to an escalation of anti-British rhetoric. Speaking yesterday, a Russian lawmaker suggested that Mr Johnson should be hanged in a sinister death threat, remarking that a noose "suits him very well". He also claimed that if Russia nuked Britain, NATO would not intervene despite its Article 5 on collective defence. The clip was shared by Daily Beast's Julia Davis, who monitors Russian TV, tweeting: "Appearing on Kremlin-controlled state TV, Russian lawmaker had some choice words and nuclear threats for Great Britain and Prime Minister Boris Johnson." JUST IN: Putin's mouthpiece warns of war 'against Europe and world' In the clip, the MP said: "Consider the statement about the possibility of a nuclear strike against Russia without consulting NATO. "Listen, we can carry out a nuclear strike against Great Britain without consultations with NATO. "Great Britain is a prime target for that. It is an island nation, which would minimise the damage to the continent. "It has weak missile defences. If they move without consulting NATO then Article 5 on a collective defence may not be in force. "I was listening to him and I thought that noose of Mr Jonhon's neck during his trip to India suits him very well." The false claim of a British nuclear threat even prompted President Putin's lead mouthpiece Vladimir Solovyov to accuse the UK of smearing Russia with claims of genocide to justify its nuclear attack. He claimed that Britain thinks "Russia should be wiped off the face of the earth, all Russian people and Russian culture too". On Thursday, Mr Solovyov also questioned whether NATO countries will have enough weapons left to defend themselves once Russia's invasion of Ukraine ends. The ranting propagandist, who was sanctioned by the EU for his close ties to the Russian leader, warned that Moscow will be "grinding up NATO's war machine as well as its citizens". DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Desperate Putin 'sends inoperable kit back over border' [LIVE BLOG]‘I switched off!’ BBC blasted for Ros Atkins' latest show [REACTION]Max Verstappen dig at Lewis Hamilton ahead of Emilia Romagna Sprint [VIDEO] Meanwhile, the latest UK intelligence briefing suggests that Ukrainian troops have continued to frustrate the Russian invasion. It claims that the Russians had made no major gains in the last 24 hours despite the increased activity. The British update adds that Moscow had yet to establish full control of either air or sea. The briefing noted: "Despite their stated conquest of Mariupol, heavy fighting continues to take place frustrating Russian attempts to capture the city." Earlier this week, Russia announced the second stage of its "special military operation" in Ukraine, saying it would now focus on taking control over Donbas.