Barcelona’s progress under Xavi appears to have ground to a halt. The goals are starting to dry up for the La Liga giants and, on Sunday night, they slumped to a disappointing 1-0 defeat to Rayo Vallecano. Therefore, if Robert Lewandowski really could leave Bayern Munich this summer, then recruiting the Poland international should be a no-brainer. Barcelona have undoubtedly made progress under Xavi since their former No 6 replaced Ronald Koeman as manager earlier in the campaign. However, the Catalan titans are starting to struggle again and have now lost three of their last four matches. Just a few weeks ago, Barcelona seemed to be back - especially after they battered Real Madrid 4-0 in El Clasico. Yet Sunday’s defeat was another chastening night at the office and a reminder that, for all their progress, they still have much work to do in order to become the European giant they used to be. They lost 1-0 to Vallecano at home, with Alvaro Garcia Rivera’s goal in the seventh minute enough to earn the visitors all three points. And Barcelona’s performance on the night shows exactly why they need a player of Lewandowski’s calibre. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz They had 72 per cent of the ball and managed 18 shots, with just five being on target. And that wastefulness ultimately cost them dear, with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Ferran Torres particularly lacklustre at the tip of their attack. In recent weeks, it’s been reported that Lewandowski is on their radar. Though Bayern Munich are adamant the 33-year-old won’t be allowed to leave, the reality is he may be offloaded should he fail to sign a new contract. Lewandowski’s existing deal in Bavaria is due to expire at the end of the next season and, currently, no renewal is in sight. It’s also been claimed that Barcelona would be ready to pay in the region of £30million to £35m in order to recruit the former Borussia Dortmund striker. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And the fact they’ve scored just one goal from their last three matches suggests any transfer should be a no-brainer. Aubameyang, on his day, can be brilliant. As can Memphis Depay, who was introduced as Xavi’s side sought a way back into the contest. But Lewandowski is a different beast entirely. The Poland international has notched a stunning 48 goals across all competitions this term, with his latest coming against former side Dortmund on Saturday. And only the great Gerd Muller has netted more times for Bayern than Lewandowski, with his record of 580 goals unparalleled. Barcelona, clearly, need a new striker. And Lewandowski should be their priority, especially given his uncertain future at Bayern. Meanwhile, Xavi has admitted Barcelona are in a ‘difficult situation’ as they battle to qualify for next season’s Champions League. "I don't think it's a lack of personality on the part of the team,” he said. “There are emergencies at the club, both football-wise and financially. It's a difficult situation and we have to face it. "Now it's time to rest, disconnect and in the middle of the week we will get back on and prepare for the Mallorca game. “We have five finals remaining, we've complicated it for ourselves." And Xavi also said: "Rayo had one and a half chances. "We return to the issue of effectiveness. "We are in a difficult situation. We are still in the Champions League places but we have complicated it for ourselves because if we had beaten Cadiz and Rayo it would have almost given us qualification for the Champions League."