Nicola Peltz, daughter of billionaire Nelson Peltz, married Brooklyn Beckham in a lavish ceremony costing £3million on April 9. The actress' dress was a simplistic floor-length gown with a mesmerising cathedral veil. The dress featured a fitted bodice, square neckline, thick straps and a long train. The show-stopping lace veil was the most extravagant element of the ensemble, boasting extremely intricate and elaborate embroidery. She paired this with French lace gloves. READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham marries into astonishingly wealthy family The bride's stylist, Leslie Fremar, told Vogue that her wedding gown was the most beautiful dress she had ever seen. Considering she is behind the wardrobes of Demi Moore, Julianne Moore and Charlize Theron, this is a huge compliment. And it is no wonder she adored the wedding gown so much, as it was the culmination of a year’s worth of conversations with Valentino Creative Director Pierpaolo Piccioli and his team. They also took two trips to the Rome HQ and had two US fittings. More than dedicated, the head seamstresses even travelled to Miami, Florida to ensure that every detail was immaculate on the big day. Leslie explained: "The simplicity of it was magnificent. "We didn’t have to overly detail the dress to accomplish the magnitude of it, so we ended up eliminating the embroidery.” She described the "unbelievable" finished ensemble complete with dress and train as "a work of art". As for why Nicola opted for Pierpaolo Piccioli's Valentino, she told British Vogue it was a "no brainer". Nicola's 'something blue' was a touching sentiment from her mother, Claudia Heffner Peltz. She sewed in an evil eve, which guards against misfortune, and a sweet message to her daughter. The bride shared a photograph of her dress on Instagram, alongside the caption: "My dream dress, thank you @lesliefremar @maisonvalentino." It amassed almost 400,000 likes and over 1,000 comments in just 13 hours. @sarahstoneonline said: "Breathtakingly beautiful - massive congratulations." Nicola fans flocked to the comment section, with @selinajsf stating: "Ah wow, what a train and the classically edited dress. It's wedding perfection. Well done." @thatluxuriousfeeling added: "So incredibly elegant and classy." Dannii Mahon-Archibald stated: "Mrs Beckham you look absolutely stunning. Congratulations."