The levelling-up and housing secretary is due to inform Galliard Homes it risks punitive measures over its lack of progress in fixing dangerous cladding on buildings similar to the ill-fated Grenfell Tower. The measures could see the company be refused future planning applications or building approvals unless immediate action is taken.  Galliard Homes have failed to sign up to a £2bn fund to fix such building across England. 35 other homebuilding companies have signed up to the scheme so far. An internal Government document says the first step will be to “begin advising consumers formally” not to buy off-plan or new-build properties from Galliard where the process of obtaining planning permission has not begun. The document suggests it would “be irresponsible” not to warn prospective buyers of the risks, as Mr Gove could stop Galliard from receiving building approval or planning consent for new developments.  The housing secretary is also due to announce an extra £3bn will be raised over the next ten years through a so-called “building safety levy”, charged on construction sites seeking building control approval. Under new powers, the Government will allow developers building new homes to be blocked should they fail to comply with the orders. The funds will go towards replacing cladding on thousands of mid-rise blocks between 11 metres (36ft) and 18 metres (59ft) high. The proposal will replace an existing plan which currently sees leaseholders paying £50 a month towards the costs of fixing their buildings.  READ MORE:Michael Gove issues punishing taxes to get dangerous cladding replaced However, it appears Galliard Homes are not alone in resistance to the scheme. Reports suggest up to 9 other large development companies have also so far refused to fall in line. According to a Government report, Galliard’s structure as a “family-controlled business” means it has not faced the “same pressures” as publicly listed developers. It says the government has been concerned by its approach to talks since January and data provided by Galliard was of “noticeably lower quality than many other firms, suggesting a less serious engagement and a lack of sincere desire to identify and correct poor-quality work.”  DON'T MISS:Prince Harry shares heartwarming advice he gave Archie [REVEAL]M6 traffic latest: Motorway closed due to serious collision [REPORT]Harry and Meghan beaming as children drive Sussexes around [INSIGHT] The company, based in Loughton, was founded in 1992 by Stephen Conway. Employing over 700 staff, Galliard is a property development, hospitality and management group overseeing mixed-use residential, hotel and commercial projects across London and southern England, with a £3.6 billion portfolio of over 6,000 homes, 950 hotel rooms, and one million square feet of retail premises and commercial properties. The company announced -tax profits of £63 million in the 2021 financial year.It is believed to own the freeholds to 43 high-rise buildings, either directly or through subsidiaries, of which ten are deemed to need work to ensure they are safe. Government officials say before the cladding crisis, leaseholders at the development had been hit with costly bills for repairs, which suggested a “pattern of poor work and avoiding responsibility” that raised “real questions about whether they are a responsible operator that we would wish to see building large numbers of homes."  The officials point out Galliard is heavily involved in Help to Buy and is “benefiting substantially from the financial backing” of government “to increase its sales." They say Mr Gove should provide the firm with a “short, specified period of a few weeks” to sign the pledge or explain why the deadline should be extended. The extra focus has been placed on cladding risks since the Grenfell Tower fire of 2017. The horrific incident saw the 24 story block catch fire following an electrical fault in one of the flats. 72 people are known to have lost their lives in the fire. 70 others were injured whilst 223 people managed to escape the inferno. 