On Thursday, 35 Just Stop Oil supporters sabotaged petrol stations on the M25. The activists staged blockades at the Cobham services in Surrey and the Clacket Lane services in Kent. Activists smashed the display glass on petrol pumps with hammers and defacing them with spray paint. The protestors struck at the two motorway services at 7am on Thursday. Just Stop Oil said of the protests in a statement: “Today’s action is a significant escalation after 10 Just Stop Oil supporters were arrested yesterday outside Kingsbury oil terminal [in Warwickshire] whilst standing peacefully on a grass verge with placards. “Since 1 April, when supporters of Just Stop Oil first began blocking oil terminals, there have been over 1,000 arrests. “The supporters of Just Stop Oil will continue the disruption until the government makes a statement that it will end new oil and gas projects in the UK.” FairFuelUK carried out a survey of 5,195 drivers on April 28, which found 89 percent of their supporters want police to get tougher on Just Stop Oil Protesters. They also found 61 percent want longer custodial sentences, 81 percent want protesters' assets to be confiscated, and 86 percent want minimum fines of £10,000 each. FairFuelUK’s survey found 94 percent want petrol and diesel supplies to have legal protection in law, with interruption by protesters to get long sentences. It added 76 percent have been swayed away from supporting the ‘Green agenda’ because of these protests. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: UK to unlock 'tens of billions' in major escape from EU Twitter users have weighed in and condemned the “criminal damage” of the protestors. User @cnbcwatcher90 said: “Time they were stopped. That's criminal damage.” Another user, @Vulcan01, added: “Jail them for 25 years. Not for the protest but the premeditated criminal damage that is going to affect so many road users.” User @the_shelfsider said: “The attack on the working class by privileged and out of touch brainwashed idiots continues.” However, user @Cryenginechris noted: “Desperate times desperate measures. “It’s clear what government must do and yet they don’t. We need to change and fast.” DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan 'stunned' by 'shut door' Harry and Meghan 'tried to enforce' royal tour rules in The Hague stay 'A special kind of Hell' - Tory MPs mock Tusk on EU disunity FairFuelUK, public affair campaigners for motorists and drivers, called for harsher sentences for protesters. Howard Cox, Founder of FairFuelUK, said it is “time this less than remotely resembling anything like a Conservative Government put the clueless self-obsessed amoebic Stop Oil protesters in jail”. He said: “Millions are repulsed by these middle-class, privileged and well-off good-for-nothings ruining decent hard working people’s lives. “People are being savaged in the Ukraine and we are on the verge of a world war but this bunch of lunatics are hell bent on following an ill-informed myopic ideal that will not make a shed load of difference to the planet’s environmental future. “Our police must be given stronger powers, by the Home Secretary, to protect the fuel supply chain and the law abiding mass majority needing to earn a living just to survive this" devastating cost of living crisis.” In the first three weeks of Just Stop Oil campaigns, polling held the proportion of people in the UK who said they were likely to engage in some form of climate action increased from 8.7 percent to 11.3 percent. According to Social Change Lab, 58 percent of UK adults supported the demands of Just Stop Oil, with only 23 percent against and 19 percent neutral. However, only 18 percent supported the group itself.