The Queen's granddaughter inherited her passion for the sport from the Duke of Edinburgh. Prince Philip personally taught her how to drive a team of horses and the pair were often spotted in Windsor Great Park together. On the weekend of the anniversary of his death, Lady Louise, 18, was photographed looking perfectly at home on the carriage, following a successful day's practice. The young royal was dressed practically for the occasion – donning a white shirt, tie, navy jumper and red jacket that she removed over the course of the day. Her proud mother Sophie, Countess of Wessex watched from the sidelines as she expertly led her horse through the course. Sophie dressed down in boots and a large brown jacket to watch her daughter take part in the event. Earlier this month, she also competed in the British Indoor Carriage Driving Championships. Lady Louise finished sixth in the junior novice class at the event in Grantham, Lincolnshire. The young royal made a rare public appearance last year when she shared special memories of her late grandfather and their shared passion during a BBC documentary titled Prince Philip: The Royal Family Remembers. She spoke of the influence her grandfather had on her carriage driving and said: “The Duke of Edinburgh has been so involved in my driving which has been so lovely, although slightly scary because he invented the sport pretty much. LATEST: Charles and Camilla confirm royal visit to Canada to honour Queen “It's incredible to have learned first-hand from him.” The Duke of Edinburgh, who died aged 99 last April, spent much of his free time carriage-driving after being forced to give up other hobbies like polo later in life. In May 2017, the Duke spoke about how he took up carriage driving after quitting polo aged 50. He said: “I was looking round to see what next, I didn't know what there was available. And I suddenly thought, well, we've got horses and carriages so why don't I have a go. DON'T MISS Queen's Guards' bearskin hats' historic link to Battle of Waterloo [INSIGHT] Princess Anne stuns in decades-old Andrew Grima pearl earrings [PICTURES] Archie Harrison's surname caused heated royal row [REVEAL] “So I borrowed four horses from the stables in London, took them to Norfolk and practised and thought - why not?” The Duke described how he convened a committee of equestrian experts to come up with a set of international rules for the fledgling sport of carriage driving. He has been credited with helping to shape the sport in the UK and still competed in competitions in his eighties. At the age of 91, Philip had a dark green carriage made to his specifications out of aluminium and steel. He was then seen riding this carriage around Windsor and other royal estates in the years that followed. Last July, Louise drove a four-wheeled carriage, which was believed to be the same one owned by Philip and was included in his funeral procession, at the Royal Windsor Horse Show. Reports said she had inherited the carriage after the Duke's death, although this has not been confirmed by Buckingham Palace. The late Duke was synonymous with carriage driving and had been designing the vehicles since the 1970s.