Millions of taxpayers have been hit by the 1.25 percentage point hike in National Insurance on top or soaring inflation and energy bills. While some people will end up forking out more than others, others will be exempt from paying. So what are the new thresholds coming in later this year and how much more will you pay? Chancellor Rishi Sunak has pressed ahead with the National Insurance increase which he says is necessary to raise £12billion to fund social care and the NHS. It means that National Insurance has hit 13.25 percent for millions of taxpayers this year but not everyone will end up paying the same. While lower earners are exempt from paying National Insurance, the new rates will apply to people earning between £184 and £967 a week. The increase will be separated into a 1.25 percent Health and Social Care Levy next year. READ MORE: PIP claim: How to take PIP test online before making a DWP claim Pensioners who are still working after reaching state pension age will be subject to this new levy if they earn more than £184 a week. From July 6, the threshold at which workers have to start paying NI will increase from £9,880 to £12,570 a year. Despite the Chancellor easing things slightly, experts say middle income earners will be the worst hit. Research carried out by Income Tax UK found that those earning an average salary of £30,000, will lose a staggering nine percent of their salary. DON'T MISS:Tesco Clubcard shake-up could affect anyone with points or vouchers [WARNING]List of councils seriously worried about council tax rebate scams [ALERT]'Don’t click!': Urgent parcel scam warning [INSIGHT] How much more National Insurance will I have to pay? The new rate of 13.25 percent will apply to people paying the Class 1 National Insurance rate on income between £184 to £967 a week (£797 to £4,189 a month). An employee earning £20,000 a year will have to fork out an extra £130. Anyone on a £50,000 salary will have to find an additional £505. Last month Mr Sunak increased the threshold that National Insurance would have to be paid in a bid to help people through the cost of living crisis. From July, people will be able to earn £12,570 a year without paying any income tax or National Insurance. On Twitter, Mr Sunak wrote: "It’s a £6billion personal tax cut for 30 million people in the UK. “It’s a £6billion personal tax cut for 30 million people in the UK." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, some experts have suggested some ways to avoid or offset the tax rise. Britons can ensure they don’t earn more than the primary threshold if they work in a job that allows them to choose their hours. With salary sacrifice, employees and employers can save on National Insurance contributions according to experts like Ken Okoroafor who runs The Humble Penny. He said: "You might end up with less take-home pay but, in actual fact, it means the sacrifice will lessen the national insurance tax you pay."