After Liverpool cruised to victory in the 2019/20 Premier League campaign, there were fears that the team may have peaked and would struggle to continue performing at that level. Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville were amongst those doubters, but Jurgen Klopp has proved the pair wrong. Injuries plagued the Reds team last season and their chances of winning back to back trophies were somewhat halted by that issue alone. But Klopp wasn’t rash in his transfer business in the summer and since lifting the league trophy in 2020, there have only been five new arrivals at Anfield. Kostas Tsimikas, Thiago Alcantara, Diogo Jota, Ibrahima Konate and Luis Diaz make up Klopp’s arrivals, with the former Borussia Dortmund boss instead leaning on the Reds’ academy to freshen things up when required. But there certainly has not been the multitude of fresh faces that Neville and Carragher thought the team needed back in 2020. Speaking on Sky Sports ahead of the 2020/21 season, Neville said: “They've had the same players for almost three seasons now, Champions League final, Champions League victory, going so close in the Premier League but then winning the league. It's a massive demand psychologically, mentally and physically to place upon the players without stimulating them again. READ MORE: Alexandre Lacazette wants to leave Arsenal due to 'problems' with Mikel Arteta "My only thing this season would be that demand of the same squad, the same players, the same message, the same relationships and the same jokes for two or three years without that something slightly different in the dressing room and that addition. Just sometimes it can become a bit draining.” Carragher added: “The only worry for Liverpool is that the team hasn't changed too much. Sometimes you just need a bit of freshness adding to it, mentally as much as anything. It will be interesting to see if they get a signing or two across the line." DON'T MISS...Man Utd star Harry Maguire to be 'benched' by Ralf Rangnick for crunch Arsenal clashJamie Carragher advises two Man Utd targets to 'run a mile' despite Ten Hag appointmentErik ten Hag shown first Man Utd task as Rangnick echoes Mourinho issue four years on Liverpool’s business in the transfer has been concise but somewhat faultless lately, with Diaz being the latest example of the Anfield outfit’s patience meaning they can secure top players for a cut price. Konate’s release clause was met to sign him, Thiago had just a year left of his deal which meant that Bayern Munich were keen to cash in on the Spaniard and Diaz’s talks with Tottenham had stalled meaning that Liverpool could seize the moment. Klopp’s side are currently one point behind Manchester City in second place in the Premier League and have a good chance of winning a historic quadruple. Securing such a feat would be a credit to Klopp and prove that minor adjustments to, largely, the same squad can provide continued success at a club.