Laura Hamilton, 40, has marked her birthday with a huge garden party with her close family and friends. The A Place in the Sun presenter has shared many snaps from the party, along with co-star Jasmine Harman, 46, joining in the celebrations. Laura took to Instagram this morning in view of her 156,000 followers to share videos as she prepared for the event. The snippets showed the large garden marquee full of round tables and party decorations. These included balloons, A Place in the Sun messages, a birthday cake as well as a large balloon entrance. She also shared a picture of herself from the tent as she posed prior to the celebrations. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slams claims Prince Harry is ‘protecting' the Queen The presenter looked great in a sparkly golden dress which featured a low neckline. She paired the outfit with a camel coloured bag and matching heels. Laura wore her signature blonde tresses in an updo with pieces falling effortlessly down her face. Many took to the post's comments to comment on how lovely Laura looked and wish her a happy birthday. Lucy Alexander said: "Happy Birthday! Sorry I couldn't be there today beautiful." A Place in the Sun co-star Craig Rowe added: "Have a great day xx." Social media user Amy Williams commented: "Happy Birthday lovely. Looking fab at 40." Fellow co-star Jasmine also took to Instagram to share a picture of the pair at the party. DON'T MISS... Gemma Atkinson says her 'camel toe bagged Gorka' in cheeky video [VIDEO] Demi Rose flaunts her jaw-dropping curves in diamanté bodysuit [INSTAGRAM] Lorraine Kelly rallies around Susanna Reid as she travels to Ukraine [COMMENT] Jasmine looked very summery in a flowing yellow dress with a matching gold patterned necklace. She captioned the picture in view of her 104,000 Instagram followers: "Wishing a very happy 40th birthday to my dear friend @laurahamiltontv. "May all your wishes come true xxx #40yearsyoung #happybirthday." Social media users again took to the comments to compliment the pair and wish Laura a happy birthday. Miss_lilly_dyson said: "Lovely photo of my 2 favourite presenters. Happy Birthday Laura xxx." Down.mike added: "Both looking great but Laura's never 40... really." Heatherherdson4669 commented: "Two lovely ladies. Love watching A Place in the Sun. Happy birthday Laura." (sic) A Place in the Sun is on weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4