Rio Ferdinand has warned Erik ten Hag that he will have a significant mountain to climb in order to restore Manchester United's former glories during his time in charge of the club. The Red Devils are said to be preparing to unveil Ten Hag as their new permanent manager in advance of next season, with Ralf Rangnick set to move into a two-year consultancy role at the end of the current campaign. Ten Hag has gained a reputation as one of Europe's most exciting coaches after leading Ajax to the semi-finals of the Champions League and winning two league and cup doubles during his time with the Dutch giants. However, Ferdinand is adamant that the 52-year-old will face his toughest test yet in getting the best out of United's misfiring stars from next season onwards."You sit there and you just think what is it? We've seen managers come and go," Ferdinand told FIVE after United's humbling defeat at the hands of Liverpool on Tuesday evening."There's a new manager coming in, is he really going to change it? He's got to be Einstein to come and change the fortunes of this club." JUST IN: Eriksen to show Brentford 'respect' as Tottenham keen on reunion United were miles off the pace in their last outing at Anfield and shipped four goals without reply to highlight the gulf in class between the Red Devils and Liverpool, who found it all too easy to pull their rivals apart over the course of the match. Luis Diaz, Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane were on target for the hosts to condemn United to yet another crushing defeat at the hands of their biggest adversaries for the second time this season.Ten Hag will seemingly have plenty of work to do this summer to prepare United for a renewed top-four challenge in the Premier League ahead of his first season at the helm. Rangnick has already warned the Dutchman that it could be a number of years before United will be able to mix it with the division's best sides as he delivered a scathing assessment of his side's performance against Liverpool after the final whistle on Tuesday. "It’s embarrassing, it’s completely disappointing and also humiliating, but we’ve got to accept that they’re six years ahead of us," Rangnick told beIN Sports."When you compare that squad that Liverpool has with the one that Jurgen inherited when he came six years ago I think at the end of his first season they finished eighth. They had a point average of 1.6."This is roughly where we are right now with our current team so this team needs to be rebuilt. It's clear and a game like today showed that even in a very drastic way that this rebuild is necessary." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE