The incident was captured by security cameras and occurred last Sunday in Torrevieja in Alicante province. In the video footage, three men are seen entering the Tentaciones bar at around 11.30pm. When they try to order drinks, the owner of the pub tells them that the last orders have already taken place. The men insist they want to be served and the barman then intervenes for his boss, telling them again that the bar is closed. The Russians then ask the barman where he is from, whereupon he replies: “I’m Ukrainian. Glory Ukraine”. At which point, the Russians let fly at the 43-year-old Ukrainian, punching and kicking him. Two women attempt to stop the fight and separate the brawling men but to no avail. Other customers run out of the pub as fast as they can, horrified at what they were witnessing. The barman is eventually pushed to the ground, where he continued to take a severe beating. The Russians eventually exit the bar, having left the Ukrainian in a semi-conscious state. The barman, who has lived in the city for 23 years, is said to have suffered a broken nose and bruises, according to a medical report. The incident was reported to the Guardia Civil, the national police, who have subsequently initiated an investigation. The Russians have been identified as two brothers known for their violent behaviour and are said to both have criminal records. Members of the "Ukrainians Heart to Heart" association from Torrevieja described the incident as barbaric”, saying it was ”by a miracle, they didn’t kill him”. READ MORE: Is the EU allowing Russia to evade sanctions? The incident drew condemnation from a former Estonian President, Toomas Hendrik Ilves. Posting a link to the video on his Twitter page, Mr Ilves commented: "It really is time to banish the thugs and war criminal nation from Europe. "Do what you want in your own borders but stay away from civilization." Spain has become a very popular travel destination for Russians and many have moved to live there permanently. The records show there are 79,485 Russians registered in Spain in 2022, with the majority residing in Alicante and Barcelona. DON'T MISSTrauma of Russian invasion may harm the DNA of future generations [INSIGHT]Former NATO commander rules out Crimea returning to Ukraine [NEWS]British fighters paraded on Russian TV to ask for exchange with 'Pr... [REVEAL] On Sunday, Russian forces in Ukraine stepped up their bombardments of cities around the country. Multiple missiles struck the western city of Lviv, where seven people were reported to have been killed. Other cities targeted in the fresh wave of attacks included the northern city of Kharkiv, as well as Kyiv and the southern city of Mykolaiv near Odesa. Ukraine's Armed Forces Command says it sees signs that Moscow is beginning its new offensive in the East. The Kremlin has been concentrating its forces in the east over the last week or so, as it looks to establish complete control of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions.