Law and Order SVU (Special Victims Unit) is currently airing its 23rd season on NBC, following the weekly investigations of Detective Olivia Benson (played by Mariska Hargitay). Despite being a spin-off from the original legal drama, Law and Order SVU is the longest-running primetime American series in the history of television and is still going strong today. The latest series, however, will soon be over with the finale release date now announced. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Law and Order SVU. Law and Order SVU returned on Thursday, March 17, for its 16th episode entitled Sorry If I Got Weird For You on NBC. The instalment saw the creator of a dating app accused of using it to rape women and it was up to Benson and Detective Velasco (Octavio Pisano) to figure out the truth. Season 22 consisted of 16 episodes in total and there has been concern that it would be yet another short series due to the pandemic causing filming delays. Thankfully, this isn't the case with plenty more stories to come before it ends. READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show Law and Order SVU returned for season 23 in September 2021 and it isn't quite over yet. This series is going to be made up of 22 episodes in total so there are still six more instalments to come out on NBC. As long as there are no schedule delays, the finale of Law and Order SVU season 23 will be airing on Thursday, May 19. Details of what could happen in this final episode haven't yet been revealed. Law and Order SVU's won't be the only finale to be released on the night either. The original Law and Order drama was given a new lease of life after being cancelled back in 2009. Season 21 started in February but will also be reaching its conclusion on May 19. The same will go for Christopher Meloni's spin-off Law and Order Organized Crime with its series two finale airing on the same night. DON'T MISS...Ozark season 4 theory: Sam to attack Wendy as fans work out major clue [THEORY]Law and Order's Keesh star shares 'weird' moment from on-screen kiss [EXPLAINER]Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay mistook Chris Meloni when introduced [CAST] There is no need to be concerned about the future of SVU on NBC. Last year, the network gave the green light for the legal series to return for a 24th series. Typically, Law and Order SVU starts new seasons sometime in September so this is expected to be the case again, unless there are any more delays. For now, at least, there is still the rest of season 23 to enjoy. Law and Order SVU season 23 will be airing episode 17 on Thursday, April 7, on NBC. Once Upon A Time in El Barrio will see Velasco become emotionally invested in a case. The synopsis for the instalment reads: "Velasco asks Benson for help finding three girls who were trafficked from his hometown to New York City." Law and Order SVU season 23 continues every Thursday on NBC in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced.