Red Bull boss Helmut Marko has acknowledged the threat of Lewis Hamilton in the world championship race despite Mercedes’ relatively uncompetitive car compared to the likes of Red Bull and Ferrari. Marko also picked the Italian racing giants as the team to beat, but warned that reigning champion Max Verstappen will fight back against Charles Leclerc. The 2022 F1 season has thus far belonged to Leclerc and Ferrari, with the Monegasque driver winning the season-opening race in Bahrain as well as the Australian Grand Prix last time out. Verstappen claimed the win in Saudi Arabia between the two events, with Leclerc coming second. One of the surprises of the season has been the struggles of reigning octuple world champions Mercedes. The Silver Arrows are clearly lacking the pace of Red Bull and Ferrari, but both Hamilton and George Russell are ahead of Verstappen in the championship while Mercedes are second behind Ferrari in the Constructors’ Championship. Their ability to earn points despite their deficit in machinery has earned the respect of Marko, who is refusing to write Mercedes off in either championship. The 78-year-old told Sport-Bild: “We are on a different level, but you should never underestimate them. READ MORE: Helmut Marko slams Mercedes 'politics' as he speaks on Ferrari rivalry “A small change in the aerodynamics is enough and suddenly the knot bursts. Mercedes is still a world championship contender.” However, Marko correctly identifies Leclerc and Ferrari as the new leaders in the sport ahead of their home race in Imola. The 24-year-old currently enjoys a 34-point lead in the Drivers’ Championship while Ferrari are 39 points clear of Mercedes in the constructors’ standings. “Ferrari is good at any temperature, on any track, with any type of tyre,” Marko added. “They are the new benchmark.” Amid his praise for his rivals, Marko also warned them of Verstappen’s comeback. The 24-year-old currently sits 46 points behind Leclerc in the championship, but the Austrian is confident the Dutchman will compete as long as he has a car which can play to his strengths. DON'T MISSF1 'discuss replacing Russian GP' with track Hamilton called 'boring'Helmut Marko hints at Max Verstappen fury amid Red Bull strugglesCharles Leclerc 'couldn't handle his anger' in Max Verstappen rivalry The handling of the 2022 car, the RB18, has made it more difficult for Verstappen to take advantage of his aggressive driving style. In addition to this, Red Bull have struggled immensely with reliability issues as the Dutchman has retired in two of the three races - winning the only race he has finished. “There is a need for massive research into the causes,” Marko added of Red Bull’s reliability issues. The 22-race F1 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to a record 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues with the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix on April 24.