The air-to-air refuelling tanker aircraft flew close to Estonia's capital Talinn on Thursday morning. Its appearance comes after RAF Typhoons from RAF Lossiemouth joined NATO-led exercise Ramstein Alloy in the skies over the east European state. The huge air exercise aimed to train quick reaction forces protecting the skies in the region. It also sought to demonstrate NATO's airpower. Supported by an RAF Voyager refueller from RAF Brize Norton, the Royal Air Force flew with Finnish Air Force F/A-18s, German Typhoon and Belgian F-16s during the exercise. French, Spanish, Czech and Swedish fast jets also took part. Lieutenant General Pascal Delerce, Deputy Commander Allied Air Command, said in a statement: "Allied fighters train consistently throughout the year with allies and partners to maintain the highest levels of readiness and performance. "Exercises such as Ramstein Alloy are the foundation of our air policing mission, which is a part of the 360 degree deterrence of the Euro-Atlantic Area." NATO said the exercise involved slow moving intercepts, a simulated crew ejection, activation of the search and rescue chain, air-to-air combat training and air-to-air refuelling. Voyager is the RAF’s sole air-to-air refuelling tanker. It also operates as a strategic air transport. The jet is in service as the Voyager KC.Mk 2 and equipped with two underwing pods for refuelling fast jets. It also serves as the Voyager KC.Mk 3 with an extra hose for use by large aircraft.  READ MORE ABOUT RAF JETS SCRAMBLED OVER SCOTLAND  The operation comes at a time of heightened tension between Russia and the West. One of Russian President Vladimir Putin's closest allies warned NATO on Thursday that if Sweden and Finland joined the US-led military alliance Moscow would have to bolster its defences in the region, including by deploying nuclear weapons. Finland shares an 810-mile long border with Russia. Along with neighbouring Sweden it is considering joining the alliance. Prime Minister Sanna Marin said on Wednesday that Finland will make a decision in the next few weeks.  DON'T MISS: Scottish voters handed 'golden opportunity' to kick SNP out [LATEST] Massive US Air Force jet spotted over Scotland [REVEALED] London's Blackheath sees 'serious disorder' - Parents issued warning [REPORT] Dmitry Medvedev, deputy chairman of Russia's Security Council, warned that, should Sweden and Finland join, then Russia would have to strengthen its land, naval and air forces in the Baltic Sea. Mr Medvedev, who was Russian president from 2008 to 2012, also raised the nuclear threat, saying there could be no more talk of a "nuclear free" Baltic. He said: "There can be no more talk of any nuclear free status for the Baltic - the balance must be restored." "Until today, Russia has not taken such measures and was not going to. If our hand is forced well... take note it wasn't us who proposed this." The possible accession of Finland and Sweden into NATO, which was founded in 1949 to provide collective Western security against the Soviet Union, would be one of the most significant European strategic consequences of Russia's war in Ukraine. Finland gained independence from Russia in 1917 and fought two wars against it during World War Two during which it lost some territory to Moscow. On Thursday, Finland announced a military exercise in its western region with participation from British, US, Latvian and Estonian forces. Sweden has not fought a war for 200 years. Its post-war foreign policy has focused on supporting democracy internationally, multilateral dialogue and nuclear disarmament.   Meanwhile, on Thursday the flagship of Russia's Black Sea fleet was seriously damaged and its crew evacuated in an explosion on board which Ukraine said was caused by a missile strike. Russia's defence ministry said sailors had contained a fire on board the Moskva missile cruiser and that measures were being taken to tow it back to port. The ministry said the blaze broke out after ammunition blew up on board, but the ship's main weaponry was not damaged and its crew were evacuated onto other ships in the Black Sea. The defence ministry had said earlier on Thursday that the Soviet-era ship had been badly damaged by the fire.   Maksym Marchenko, Ukrainian governor of the region around the Black Sea port of Odesa, said the Moskva was hit by two Ukrainian-made Neptune anti-ship cruise missiles. Russia's navy has launched cruise missiles into Ukraine from the Black Sea to support its military activities in the south of the country where it is battling to seize control of the port of Mariupol. 