In effect he’s having to spell out to a health service that its job is to protect not just women’s rights, but their dignity and most importantly, their safety. Javid told the NHS this week to take “full account” of the Equality and Human Rights Commission’s guidance which made clear that it’s legal for hospitals and other public venues to offer single sex services and spaces. So far so good. But then some numpty of an NHS equalities chief, who seems to care more about trans rights than patient safety, says the ruling is transphobic. No, it isn’t. It’s about women’s safety. I’m presuming whoever said this knows that a female patient was raped by a trans patient on a single sex ward? For a whole year the hospital denied the rape had happened, insisting that, because it was a single sex ward, it wasn’t possible. They forgot about theThey forgot about the CCTV which proved it had happened. But for a whole year that hospital lied to everyone – including the police – preferring to protect the rights of a rapist over vulnerable women. Never mind that all the while the raped woman was teetering on the brink of a breakdown not just because of this horrific assault in what she believed was a safe space, but because no one believed her. Do the equalities bods not care about her? She goes into hospital because she’s ill and ends up getting raped and then told she’s a liar. We also know that hospital trusts tell ward sisters and nurses that any female patient who complains that there’s a male on their ward must be told it’s not true if that male is a trans person. So frightened women must be lied to? Talk about betrayal. This is verging on criminal. These NHS staff are actually denying biological facts. And that denial is putting women in danger. And where does our supposedlycash-strapped NHS get off appointing equality and diversity bosses who think it’s OK to put sick, vulnerable women at risk? The NHS appointed an Equalities boss in 2019 on the obscene salary of £230,000. Yep, that’s nearly 80 grand more than Boris and a sum that would pay for NINE newly qualified nurses. This person was also given two deputies and heaven only knows how much they get. And why is Javid just asking the NHS to protect women? Why isn’t he demanding they do – or else! We pay for the NHS, for God’s sake. We pay the huge salaries of these “equality chiefs” so how dare they tell us we’re being transphobic when we demand to be protected. It’s terrifying enough having to be in hospital.  To then be subjected to the possibility of being raped as well is simply unacceptable. Equality and inclusivity can’t ever mean putting women in danger or eroding their rights. Yet still screeching activists tell us we’re all bigots and transphobes because we dare to question their denial of logic and actual biology. Women have every right to demand single-sex toilets and changing rooms. They have every right to want trans women banned from women’s prisons (where biological females have been raped by trans women) and from refuges. Yes, as a society we should respect trans women and ensure they aren’t discriminated against – but it can’t be at the expense of women’s rights. At least the fightback has begun. Women are no longer prepared to stay silent and afraid. Boris speaking out this week, saying biological men should not be allowed to compete in women’s sport, laid down a marker. But only women have the power to change what’s been happening – and they must. Because however much the activists scream – a trans woman is not a woman! ----- Spoiled socialites in Moscow are cutting up their Chanel bags in protest at the fact that designer shops in the city have closed. These women, who posted their photos on Instagram, are accusing top brands of being “Russophobic.” Don’t the silly bints realise… the whole world’s now Russophobic. And how thick are they if they think slashing their overpriced designer bags matters a toss next to the slaughter, rape and destruction that’s happening in Ukraine? They’re all lucky they managed to get their claws into rich men because with their pea brains they’d barely have scraped a living! ----- Towie’s ego-on-a-stick Gemma Collins tells how Leonardo DiCaprio had her thrown out of a club in L.A. for just saying “Hello”. With her “gobby” reputation, it’s hard to believe that’s all she said. But, says Collins: “I thought – you do realise I’m famous as well, don’t you?” The poor woman clearly thinks she’s in the same league as a global Hollywood superstar. Poor Leonardo was probably having a nice quiet drink with some supermodel and over blows Big Bird trying to muscle in on his night. “Well they can all kiss my arse,” says Gemma. I’m sure neither Leonardo nor whoever threw her out would have the stomach for that! ----- WOKE ALERT! Carrie Hope, star of Andrew Lloyd Webber’s musical, Cinderella, says her character being bullied and hounded on the stage by the ugly sisters has damaged her mental health. Why the hell did Ms Hope become an actress if she can’t distinguish between make-believe and real life? Her acting career is going to be pretty limited if she can only play parts where people are nice to her. God help her if she ever gets offered a remake of Cape Fear or Halloween. ----- There could soon be a ban on disposable barbecues because of the risk of wildfires. The only risk is from idiots who light them in places they shouldn’t and don’t put them out when they leave, spoiling it all for the rest of us. ------ Three cheers for all those Liverpool lasses who braved sheet rain and gales in all their finery for Aintree on Thursday. Not even bad weather could dent the enthusiasm of these fine fillies. Out they came – legs on show, boobs out, sky high stilettos and big hats – laughing and loving every second of it all. God love ‘em! ----- Just Stop OIL idiot Nathan McGovern glued himself to a microphone while he was being interviewed at LBC Radio. Here’s an idea: next time one of these fools glues themselves to anything – a microphone, a road, a pavement, let’s just leave them there and pretend they don’t exist. We can drive round them, walk past them, leave them stranded in rooms. After a few hours without food and water they’d soon stop their stupid stunts which serve only to alienate people from the climate change cause. ----- Just a few months ago Rishi Sunak was a very real threat to Boris’s leadership. Not anymore. His chances of being PM are now finished thanks to a vicious smear campaign against his Indian-born wife Akshata by Labour and enemies in his own party. Akshata has broken no laws. Her crime is that she’s very, very rich and has perfectly legitimately claimed non-dom status in Britain. But last night, thanks to the vitriol lobbed at her and her husband courtesy of his enemies, she said she WILL pay UK taxes on her overseas income, even though the law does not require her to. The weasel Starmer was first to pile in last week, using the cost of living crisis to suggest Mrs Sunak’s wealth, together with Rishi’s, is an insult to the millions struggling to pay his tax rises. Then Ed Miliband joined the dogfight – the same man who screamed blue murder when his late Marxist father was being attacked because he’d said Brits were “rabid nationalists”. At the time, Miliband said: “Politics cannot be fought in the gutter. A line has been crossed.” But, hey, it’s OK for him to cross it and attack Sunak’s wife? And it’s no coincidence this all kicked off on the day the N.I. tax rises came into effect and Rishi’s enemies were using it to poison the well of public opinion. And they succeeded. People are hurting and they’re looking for someone to blame, so they’re ripe to swallow claims of wrongdoing even though there hasn’t actually been any. Despite the fact Ms Murty has caved into the bullies, it won’t save her husband from the buzzards now circling. They’ll find something else to discredit him. It just all feels so very dirty – politicians hounding a woman to destroy her husband. “This shouldn’t be about wealth,” Sunak said this week while trying to defend his wife.“It should be about values.” And he has them in spades, along with morals and principles – something the people currently trying to destroy him and his wife don’t have.