Pension saving can be key for ensuring a comfortable retirement and later life. However, many are also worried about the implications of tax in the here and now. As the new tax year begins, Express.co.uk spoke to Amy Goodall-Smith, director at Goodall-Smith Wealth Management. She provided insight into tax planning moves Britons can take in order to amply prepare for retirement. Ms Goodall-Smith said: “When you take your pension you do pay tax on the income your receive, like you do a salary. “However, the benefit of the tax relief you get when you pay into a pension makes this still a sensible proposition.” READ MORE: ‘Had no idea!’ WASPI woman, 70, frustrated at state pension age change It will most likely be the case individuals are a lower rate taxpayer in retirement. As a result, many will be getting better tax relief now when paying into a pension, compared with later on in their life. Tax relief is a huge incentive for pension saving and can be a good way to forward plan. As such, making preparations now, ahead of retirement, can end up as a win-win situation. DON'T MISSDrawdown vs. annuity - how to determine what's best for your pension [EXCLUSIVE]State pensioners could boost sum using National Insurance option [ANALYSIS]State pension will increase this month - but ‘bumper rise’ due soon [UPDATE] Ms Goodall-Smith continued: “In addition to this, you don’t just have to use pensions to create an income. “You can also use other investments.” The expert pointed towards ISAs, for instance, as a potential savings vehicle for retirement. Individual Savings Accounts, as they are formally known, help Britons to save a certain amount tax-free each year.   In the 2022/23 tax year, the maximum which can be saved is £20,000. There are also numerous types of ISA, with cash savings, or investments for those willing to take risk. If the investment path is followed, Britons must be aware they could get less back than they originally invested. Ms Goodall-Smith added: “You can blend income streams from different products. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “This can help you to manage your tax position in retirement.” Retirement decisions can be particularly major milestones in a person’s life, and can get complicated quickly. As a result, individuals may wish to take advice to ensure they are as well-prepared as possible. This may be through the Government’s free and impartial service PensionWise, or through consulting a financial adviser.