Manchester United hero Roy Keane stuck the boot into the Red Devils after they were thrashed 4-0 by Liverpool in the Premier League on Tuesday night. Keane was angry at what he saw from the United players following another dismal performance, with Marcus Rashford and Jesse Lingard being singled out by the former midfielder. "Lingard coming on to try and save Man Utd," mused Keane. "Lingard should have left two years ago - he's not good enough. Rashford up front, he played like a child." Rashford was recalled to the United starting line-up after dropping to the bench for the Red Devils’ 3-2 victory over Norwich on Saturday. But the England forward failed to have the impact he would have wanted as he and his team-mates offered little in attack. Lingard, meanwhile, came on for Paul Pogba after 10 minutes, with the 13-time Premier League champions already 1-0 down. But he wasn’t the answer to his side’s problems. United were woeful against Jurgen Klopp’s side as they were played off the pitch from start to finish. Liverpool took just five minutes to go in front as Luis Diaz swept home Mohamed Salah’s cross after the Red Devils’ defence had been cut wide open. And the hosts doubled their advantage midway through the opening period as Salah finished well after Sadio Mane had played a delicious ball into the area. READ MORE: Three players Arsenal can sign to fix issue Ian Wright has picked out     United attempted to stay in the game after the interval and find a way through Liverpool’s impregnable defence. But Mane put the game to bed once and for all with just over 20 minutes remaining as he thrashed home Diaz’s pass. And the Reds added a fourth late on as Salah’s effort evaded David de Gea following good work by Diogo Jota. “I think Gary [Neville] was being generous with giving us a one per cent chance of getting something from Anfield,” Keane continued. “You’d think maybe with the club, the quality that these players might have, they could get something - but there was absolutely no chance. But the result was no surprise – 4-0 did not flatter Liverpool this evening. DON'T MISSTen Hag has already failed first Sir Alex Ferguson test ahead of Man Utd moveReal Madrid have a chance to sign a better striker than Mbappe and wound BarcelonaLiverpool icon Jamie Carragher tears into Man Utd over Cristiano Ronaldo - 'Embarrassing'      “We are hearing the same stuff all the time - we need to be together as a team, we need to do better. But we’re not seeing it. There is no doubt that they are talented players - but they are not a team. “When they fancy it, they turn up. But when they are under pressure and under the cosh, they don’t have that team spirit that you need. This Manchester United team is short on talent anyway - I don’t think that they are as talented as they think. So they have to back it up with that spirit.” Liverpool’s victory means they have now leapfrogged Manchester City at the top of the Premier League table. Klopp’s team were 14 points adrift of the Citizens earlier this year. But following a fine run of form, they now have every chance of lifting the top-flight trophy for the second time in three seasons.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here