Drivers have been urged not to share images of their V5C log books by the Government agency responsible for licensing. The Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) has shared another warning to discourage motorists from making this mistake. The agency stressed that by sharing a photo of the document drivers could unknowingly expose themselves to the risk of fraud. Publishing images of V5C log books could give away crucial information to criminals. In a fresh warning the DVLA wrote: “Stay safe online – don’t share photos of your V5C log book on social media or selling sites, as scammers can use them for identity theft.” A V5C document contains information such as a car’s registration mark, VIN number and document reference number that is vital for actions such as having a new number plate made up. READ MORE: Switching to EVs could make drivers £720 worse off All of those details could be exploited by criminals if drivers fail to adequately protect them. Stolen car details can be used by car cloners to put a legitimate vehicle’s details onto a stolen or otherwise illegal car. This could leave the affected motorist at risk of being issued with parking and speeding fines as well as more serious charges if the stolen car’s details have been linked to a more serious crime. Drivers have also been told to report scams and suspicious emails and text messages that they might have received. DON'T MISS‘Britain will be left behind!’ as councils not ready for EVs [REVEAL]Drivers rage at EVs taking over as chargers to outnumber fuel pumps [INSIGHT] Drivers say they cannot afford switch to EVs amid petrol ban [SHOCKING] Motorists in England and Wales who believe they fell victim to scam should contact Action Fraud. The organisation can help drivers who have lost money or have been hacked because of an online scam or fraud. Scottish drivers are urged to report frauds and scams to Police Scotland. The Government website added: “Some websites, emails or phone numbers look like they’re part of an official Government service when they’re not, or claim to help more than they actually do. “Some make you pay for things that would be free or cheaper if you use the official Government service.” Drivers who are unsure about websites and phone numbers can search for official Government services on GOV.UK. The news comes after the DVLA warned drivers to tax their vehicles properly and on time, or they could risk having to pay hundreds of pounds to retrieve their car. The licensing agency urged motorists to tax their cars as soon as they can to avoid having their cars clamped or towed. Alongside automated enforcement penalties for registered keepers of untaxed vehicles, enforcement teams and wheel clamping partners have been travelling around the country taking action against untaxed vehicles. Untaxed vehicles are identified using Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) technology, as well as DVLA vehicle records. The DVLA has been running the “tax it, don’t risk it” scheme, highlighting that vehicles are “hard to hide but easy to tax”. Vehicles can be lifted with their owners' property still inside, with enforcement officers seeing lunch boxes, personal effects and even a violin inside the car during a recent day of action. Express.co.uk have contacted the DVLA for comment.