State pension age changes mean the retirement age for women has shifted upwards from its traditional age of 60. The alteration impacted women born in the 1950s, many of whom argue they were not provided with ample enough notice about the change. As such, these women have argued they have faced financial hardship and stress. Campaign groups have attempted to raise awareness about the matter, such as Women Against State Pension Inequality (WASPI). WASPI has called upon the Government to agree to “fast and fair compensation” for those impacted by state pension age changes. A spokesperson recently told Express.co.uk: “WASPI isn't opposed to equalisation of the state pension age, but the lack of notice was hugely disadvantageous for women born in the 1950s who didn't enjoy the job security or workplace pensions available today, and took the lionesses share of caring roles in the family. READ MORE: ‘Had no idea!’ WASPI woman, 70, frustrated at state pension age change “The Ombudsman has found maladministration by the DWP occurred.  It's time to put it right.  There is no more time to lose." The matter has sparked ongoing debate about the best course of action for the women affected, going forward. A number of Express.co.uk readers recently shared their thoughts on the matter, as the PHSO investigation continues. What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section here. DON'T MISSDrawdown vs. annuity - how to determine what's best for your pension [EXCLUSIVE]State pensioners could boost sum using National Insurance option [ANALYSIS]State pension will increase this month - but ‘bumper rise’ due soon [UPDATE] Many were outraged at the perceived lack of notice experienced by 1950s-born women, and the subsequent effects on their lives. Commenting online, the user "PFD" said: “My wife is a WASPI woman. She had to work an extra six years due to this change. “Now with this fight for fairness, she has to go through a three tier system to find an answer.” GrannieC wrote: “I’m a WASPI woman. The issue we have is that we were NOT informed about the changes in state pension, or the majority of us weren’t. “We were completely disadvantaged at making up the extra six years. “As a group, we are NOT asking for pensions to revert back to 60! We have been unfairly and unjustly treated. “There is no escaping it, no matter how many excuses are made. Compensation must and should be paid.” One user who simply went by the name ‘.’ added: “WASPI women have been subjected to deceit and daylight robbery. It’s time for change and justice.” Wilow12 said: “The money was paid in by us women and our employers. It was never the Government’s to keep. “This is the biggest theft since the great train robbery. We want what we’re owed!” However, not everyone appeared convinced by the opinions of those impacted by the changes. Some insisted notice was ample enough for people to prepare for uprating to the state pension age. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea A user named ‘Bye and thanks for all the fish’ wrote: “These changes are notified by public announcements in the national papers and periodicals as well as by personal letter. To say you were not notified is rubbish.” Marly added: “If the Government were so interested in equality, why didn’t they reduce men’s pension age to 60?” And Inkwell said: “I’m a 1950s born woman. I knew all about the rise from 60 having heard it announced on live TV in front of millions during the Budget Speech of 1993. The next day it was all the talk at work - everyone had either heard it on TV/Radio or read about it in the newspapers. Hardly a secret as some would have you believe. “50s women need to accept that it is their responsibility to keep abreast of current affairs, and even more so when it involves finances.” The PHSO investigation continues, currently in its second stage considering if the failings already identified led to “injustice” for complainants. If this were to be the case, the investigation would progress to stage three, where recommendations would be made to put things right. It has not been made clear the date at which a decision will be reached on the matter. A DWP spokesperson this week told Express.co.uk: “The Government decided over 25 years ago that it was going to make the state pension age the same for men and women as a long-overdue move towards gender equality. “Both the High Court and Court of Appeal have supported the actions of the DWP, under successive governments dating back to 1995, and the Supreme Court refused the claimants permission to appeal.”