Mr Rosindell, MP for Romford in Essex, said the move represented Britain’s best hope of turning the tide with dozens, and sometimes hundreds, still attempting hazardous crossing the English Channel from France every day. By last month, more than 4,000 people had attempted the trip across the channel in flimsy boats this year - well over four times the figure over the same period in 2021. Ms Patel, Tory MP for Witham, unveiled her plans last week, telling the House of Commons some asylum seekers who enter the UK unlawfully will be transported to Rwanda, where they can apply to settle, which she said would allow people fleeing persecution to find safety. Critics included Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby, who swiftly claimed the idea “did not stand the nature of god” - although critics pointed out he did not offer an alternative solution. Mr Rosindell said: “I have been calling for action on illegal immigration for years, so I warmly welcome the Home Secretary’s plan to send asylum seekers to Rwanda. “Small boat crossings are not only a burden on the British taxpayer, but also very dangerous for those attempting the journey across the Channel. “Not to mention the profits made by people traffickers who are usually responsible for such voyages.” It was “long overdue” for the Government to take strong, but proportionate action, to tackle what Mr Rosindell described as “an unscalable crisis over the last few years” with up to and even more than a thousand people a day arriving illegally on British shores on occasion. JUST IN: Texas holdem: Britain is set to sign 20 US deals worth trillions He added: “Illegal immigration, especially the small boat crossings in the English Channel has been a massive concern for a lot of my constituents, so I am glad the government are listening to people and taking on the problem head-on. “This government was elected on a mandate to control immigration and this is a positive step in the right direction. “I have raised the issue countless times with the Home Secretary, Ministers and even the Prime Minister at PMQs last December.” The Nationality and Borders Bill would also reduce the millions of pounds wasted on appeals relating to asylum for illegal immigrants, reducing the tax burden on hardworking people, he claimed. DON'T MISSBoris to greenlight huge surge in Indian immigration [REPORT]Who would deliver a better Brexit as Boris faces no-confidence vote? [HAVE YOUR SAY]Not immediately' Boris to bypass no confidence vote as MPs cast ballot [INSIGHT] Mr Rosindell said: “I look forward to seeing similar steps to combat illegal immigration from this government in the coming months as well as further measures to stop the industry of human trafficking.” Prime Minister Boris Johnson faced criticism after sources in a private meeting with Tory MPs revealed he claimed the senior clergymen had "misconstrued the policy". He went on to suggest they were "less vociferous" in their condemnation of Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine than they were on the migration policy. Mr Johnson defended his remarks and his Rwanda policy when speaking to journalists travelling with him on an official trip to India. He explained: "I have a very good relationship with the archbishop, all I was saying was I think we have an excellent policy to try to stop people drowning at sea, in the Channel, and I was surprised to find it criticised. "I think it's the morally right thing to do, to stop criminal, cynical gangs from exploiting people and sending them to a watery grave. "I think it's a sensible, brave and original policy."