 Today, golf’s first men’s major of the year, the Masters, begins with the world’s greatest golfers pitting against each other in a bid to claim the Green Jacket. Most of the attention has been on Tiger Woods, who announced he will compete in the tournament just 14 months after suffering life-threatening injuries after crashing a car just outside Los Angeles. However, Rahm remains favourite to follow up his last year’s US Open with his second major victory. The Spaniard, who has finished in the top 10 at each of the past four Masters, said: “I couldn’t care any less what the odds say. “I’m not looking at it, but I like to think I’m the favourite in my mind.” Over the past few years, Rahm has been building up his Masters experience, having made the cut in all five of his appearances at the tournament and claimed an average finishing position of 10th. In November 2020, during a pre-Masters practice round at Augusta, Rahm struck one of the most incredible golf shots in recent memory. Read More: Masters start delayed as thunderstorms force time change at major  It has become tradition for players to attempt to skim the ball across the pond in front of the par-three 16th during the Augusta practice rounds. Rahm, on his 26th birthday, skimmed the water so well that the ball not only found the green, but curled around perfectly into the hole. Instead of placing the ball on the tee like any normal golfer, the Spaniard placed his ball a few steps forward towards the side of the lake. He then completed the 170-yard 16th hole with subsequent low driven shot that perfectly skimmed the water before landing on the back end of the green and rolling into the hole.  Rahm hit the shot on an empty course due to coronavirus restrictions, though was mobbed by his caddie Adam Hayes upon making the hole. Though the 2020 Masters was played without a live crowd for the first time in history, video of the outlandish shot flooded the internet. After the official Masters Twitter account posted a clip of the shot, Twitter user Stephen Wood QC received 3,500 likes for commenting: “That must be, without any question, the greatest hole in one in history. I’d like to see a better one.” Daniel Joslin also tweeted: “Man I wish there were people there. Place would have been going nuts”. Don't Miss:Ryder Cup hero Sergio Garcia delivered stinging assessment of Woods[OPINION]Ryder Cup: Ian Poulter was blasted by Tiger Woods in ‘rude text’[INSIGHT]Tiger Woods' incredible comeback from injury after surgery[ANALYSIS]  Another Twitter user Gabe Parungao said: “It’s one thing to skip the ball across the water, it’s a whole other thing to sink the shot. “My jaw is on the floor and I’m laughing in bewilderment.” That year, Rahm said it would “mean a lot” to win a Masters due to Spain’s history of success in the tournament. He said: “Needless to say it’s a special event for everybody who comes and competes at the Masters and I would say there’s such Spanish history of champions here, with three great champions and three idols of mine, that I would love to be able to add my name to that list.”  However, if he is to achieve the feat this year, he will need to get the better of Scottie Scheffler, who recently rose to the World No 1 ranking after three wins in his past five events. Also competing are Scheffler’s Ryder Cup teammates Justin Thomas, Dustin Johnson and Collin Morikawa, as well as Tiger Woods. Rahm has in the past admitted to idolising Woods growing up, while when the Spaniard beat the golfing legend in singles during the 2018 Ryder Cup, he said it was one of the best moments of his life.  The golfer even read Woods’ book about his first Masters, and said he had thought of his idol when claiming his first major last year. However, Rahm admitted that extracting advice from Woods has proven hard work. Speaking to Sky Sports the Spaniard admitted this week: “You might need to ask Justin Thomas. There’s only one man in this field that hears advice from Tiger, because I’ve asked before and I get nothing”.