Holiday company Sawday's has now vowed to cap the number of holiday lets available in some parts of Cornwall. The company, which has around 2,000 holiday properties in the country, hopes other platforms will follow suit. Sawday's said it will be limiting the number of places available to rent in destinations such as Mousehole, St Ives and St Minver, as they are heavily impacted by overtourism. In the charming town of St Minver, for example, over 70 percent of the houses are reportedly holiday lets. The company explained the strategy involves reducing the number of properties available on booking platforms Sawday’s, Canopy & Stars and Paws & Stay. READ MORE: BA cancels over 100 flights A spokesperson explained overtourism is heavily impacting communities in Cornwall through traffic, parking issues, and litter, and said that "the number of visitors needs to be managed responsibly". They explained: "Too many can mean a destructive strain on infrastructure and overwhelm local services, while second-home ownership and unregulated rentals can mean unaffordable housing for residents. "With the current approach having no limits, overcrowded landmarks, and seasonal overpopulation of towns and villages means damage to local ecosystems and pressure on environment and utilities." Mike Bevens, the managing director of Sawday’s, added: “As the global travel industry reopens post-pandemic, we believe now is the time to introduce sustainable changes to help guests genuinely travel better — better for them as travellers, better for the communities and landscapes they visit."  Other cities across the globe have also taken action to avoid overtourism, such as Dubrovnik, which is limiting cruise ships, or Venice introducing fees for visitors. Although the company has not shared any more details, this decision means there will be a maximum number of five properties available to rent in St Ives, Mousehole and St Minver through Sawday’s. Chief executive of Visit Cornwall, Malcolm Bell, praised the decision and said: “This is exactly the responsible actions that will ensure the correct balance between the benefits of tourism and the very negative aspects of overtourism. “The constant desire for insatiable growth by some holiday operators, accommodation platforms and large rental companies is unsustainable." Other impacted destinations in the UK and Europe were also analysed by the company. Skye or Barcelona, in Spain, are other popular locations suffering from overtourism, where action should also be taken. Sawday’s added: “Communities need viable visitor numbers in areas affected by overtourism - a more targeted approach that has lighter impact and yields higher income is better for everyone. "The industry can’t keep gorging itself on the generosity of local infrastructure, communities and the environment without considering the longer-term effects." They continued: "We know we are a small company, and that our actions alone won’t solve overtourism, but we are conscious not to add to the challenges tourism can bring. "We hope that our policy sends an important message that encourages other organisations to be more considerate of the bigger picture. "We believe in putting communities before maximising profit and we encourage slower and more responsible ways to travel. "It’s time for the travel industry to take a lead.”