Katherine Birbalsingh, a headmistress for a community school, spoke with GB News host Colin Brazier about the possible reasons that many teachers have been leaving the profession since the coronavirus pandemic hit. Whilst discussing the possible reasons, Katherine touched on the issues of teachers having to deal with difficult children and their behaviours. She slammed the council and governing boards for making simple statements that allude to the behaviour of pupils being fine in every school. After introducing Katherine to the show, Colin asked: "When you listen to teaching unions that say 'Okay, the paperwork, the exams and the school holidays don't mean anything anymore'. "But actually what you are saying is that, yes, it may be part of the answer there, but actually ill-discipline creates its own workload and democracy and that all takes time too." Agreeing with his statement, Katherine explained: "Yeah, you have to record it, write up the incidents, you then have to meet with the parent. "There are huge amounts of work increases because of behaviour, and the union is reporting this as a problem that teachers want to leave because of workload. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry "The unions can also sometimes say that the behaviour isn't a problem in schools, they are often out there saying behaviour is just fine. "When they do that, I think they are undermining their teacher members because behaviour is not fine for all teachers, and it shouldn't be like that. "School leaders need to be held to account, we need to have systems in our schools that better support our teachers so that the discipline isn't the main thing that they are doing all of the time," she slammed. "Also, if you have a school where the behaviour is excellent because you have high standards and it works, it means my mind is freed up to think about how can I reduce the workload for teachers in other ways. "It won't be behaviours that increase the workload it is also just teaching, it requires a huge amount of work. "It is a very demanding position, and people like me in a leadership position need to think about solutions. "But if all I am doing is running around with daily incidents which can happen in some schools, we don't have the headspace to do that," she concluded. Their discussion comes after it has been reported that nearly half of state school teachers in England plan to quit in the next five years over "too much pressure". DON'T MISS...Prince Andrew's memorial appearance to be last claims royal expert  [INSIGHT]Oscars stars savaged by GB News' Brazier for Will Smith slap reaction [LATEST]GB News: Nigel Farage lays into 'serial bully' ex-Speaker John Bercow [WATCH]  A survey of 1,788 teachers for the National Education Union (NEU) found 44 per cent have plans to leave their job by 2027, with half of those (22 per cent) planning to quit within the next two years. Some schools are already struggling to fill the current vacancies, with 73 per cent of teachers saying this has become more of a problem since the start of the pandemic. Over half (52 per cent) of teachers said their workload was "unmanageable most of the time", which shows the figures are up from 35 per cent in 2021. Most teachers have said they feel stressed at least 60 per cent of the time, according to the poll released ahead of the start of the union's annual conference. NEU Joint General Secretary Dr Mary Bousted said teachers have the highest amount of unpaid working hours and slammed: "This is simply unsustainable and can only lead to burn-out. “The government would do well to not just accept that high workload is a problem, but that they have played a starring role in many of the contributing factors." Shadow Schools Minister Stephen Morgan exclaimed: "A decade of Conservative Government and their botched handling of the pandemic is driving teachers out of our schools. "Unsustainable workloads, doubling up on roles to plug staffing gaps, soaring stress levels, these are not conditions that will deliver the world-class education our children deserve." Brazier airs weekdays from 4pm on GB News.