The Apprentice star Tim Campbell has spoken about his wife's reaction to him replacing Claude Littner on the popular BBC show. Speaking exclusively with Express.co.uk, the first ever winner of the hit series revealed his wife's reaction to his stint as one of Lord Sugar's aides on this year's series of the programme. The star appeared on the show after being asked by Lord Sugar to fill Claude's spot as he took time off to recover after sustaining injuries in an electric bike accident. When asked if he could possibly be returning to the next series of the show, Tim reflected on his time as one of Lord Sugar's aides. He said: "For me, I've been really, really pleased that Lord Sugar asked for me. "I've done, what I feel and what my wife and children judge to be a good job on this series. READ MORE: Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue "My only focus was to get through the series, I've done that," he added. The entrepreneur went on to share his relief at his co-star returning to the programme following his recovery. Tim went on: "I'm really glad that the horrible circumstances that led to it have gone now because Claude's back. "You saw his lovely interview, where I think half the nation were hiding behind the sofa, seeing him tear them to shreds," he said, referencing the semi-finals of the show. "But the reality is that I've done my job. And I'm really proud," Tim explained. Last April, Claude was riding an electric bike a mile away from his home when he found himself lying on the ground. He had to learn how to walk again after injuring his right leg so badly he required multiple surgeries after revealing doctors initially thought they may have to amputate his leg. Recalling the incident, the 72-year-old businessman said: “I was just pottering along, I must have been doing no more than 10 kilometres an hour on this sort of two-track road. DON'T MISS... Rod Stewart left Tom Fletcher mortified in ‘awful' run-in over songs [INSIGHT]Nadia Sawalha causes stir with latest Kim Kardashian replica look [ANALYSIS]Charlene White sends support to Denise Welch as her stalker is jailed [UPDATE] “The next thing I knew, I was on the left hand side of the street, my bike was in the middle of the road and I didn't know what happened. “But, I must have blanked out at the moment of impact, because the next thing I knew, I was lying on the ground." Claude added he thought he would "just get up" and retrieve his bike, but swiftly realised he was seriously injured as a bone was sticking out of his leg. He was taken to the trauma unit at St Mary's Hospital where doctors managed to save his leg following a long operation. This year saw the first ever female final as Harpreet Kaur and Kathryn Burn went head to head to claim the £250,000 investment for their business idea and a 50/50 partnership with Lord Sugar. Weighing in on which candidate had the edge before Harpreet was crowned the winner, Tim revealed he was thankful he was not the one to make the choice. He said: "Luckily, Lord Sugar is the one who's got to make that decision, I don't envy him because that's really, really tough. "Both candidates have been great throughout the whole show, pushing themselves forward, not shirking responsibilities leading from the front, pushing from the back, engaging, happy, selling, pitching what they're doing," he added. Tim Campbell MBE, backs T-levels as a next level qualification to help young people aged 16 to 19 take their first step into their future career – whether straight after their course of following further training or study (such as an apprenticeships, Higher Technical Qualification, or university degree). Parents can find out more and access free resources by visiting the T-level info website.