She struck lucky in identifying the coming man - Mikhail Gorbachev. After their first meeting at Chequers in 1984 - a few months before he became leader - she said he was “a man I can do business with”. And so it proved. Five years later they, along with other leaders, signed a treaty bringing the end of the Cold War, ironically on the very day that her party effectively hounded her out of office. It was to be but a respite. Ten years later a KGB operative, Vladimir Putin, was installed in the Kremlin and he is still there. Now the question that confronts Boris Johnson and other Western leaders is not how better we can live with Putin’s Russia but whether there is the slightest hope of peaceful co-existence. The evidence is depressing. It is not just that he seems to be bent on reducing the Ukraine to rubble but also that, if he achieves his goal, he has a list of other countries in his sights - Moldova, Georgia, the Baltic States, Poland, Romania and Bulgaria, with no guarantee he will stop there. He would be in his seventh heaven - or hell - if he could subject the UK to his will after Boris Johnson’s fierce support for the Ukraine. In short, the world is faced with a dangerous and vicious expansionist whose entire approach reminds you of the brutality of past moguls who ranged the Eurasian landmass. So long as Putin leads Russia the world is a dangerous place - as if it were not dangerous enough with China in similarly expansionist mood and North Korea and Iran in the business of de-stabilisation of their “enemies”. So much for globalisation which Peking has cleverly used to strengthen its position and reach in the world. Worse still, there is no assurance that any likely successor of Putin, Xi Jinping, Kim-Jong-un or Iran’s Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, would improve the global atmosphere. Nor is there any justice or profit in holding Russians, Chinese, North Koreans or Iranians responsible. The plain fact is far from liberating the common man - and still less the common woman in Iran - he is held in chains by police states that strangle dissent and routinely lie to the people. And if you exhibit the slightest sign of rebellion you are on your way to the gulag, assuming you survive to reach it. In spite of all this control-freakery there is plenty of evidence of dissent over the Ukraine invasion in Russia, including even members of Putin’s sanctioned kleptocracy. Whether that will eventually persuade some to mount a coup is another matter, though the number of military leaders replaced because of the inability to subdue the Ukraine is growing steadily.   Communist dictators are so fearful in their beds that they are paranoic about security. It is that basic insecurity that drives them to their excesses. And Putin is now being compared with Stalin for his war crimes and transporting Ukrainians to wider Russia. Sad though it is to say it, the best hope for the free world, short of a Kremlin coup, is for the Ukrainians, with Western help, to shatter Putin’s war machine without driving him so mad as to resort to nuclear weapons. It is a delicate balancing act while, even in our economically ravaged state, we re-build and modernise our too-long neglected defences of freedom. At the same time we must do all we can to inform Russians and the world, factually and reliably, of the evil that stalks the land, sea and air. Reagan’s “evil empire” is now more identifiably evil than it was in his day. And, at least for now, there does not seem much point looking for a Russian reformer, always assuming he could succeed where Mr Gorbachev’s glasnost and perestroika failed. Let us never forget that the Ukrainians are bearing the brunt of the evil and that it could just as easily be visited upon us if, at this dangerous time, we show any lack of resolve to defend freedom where it exists. 