Mrs Hinch whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations online and on TV. The cleaning guru has managed to gain over 4.4 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips, one of which includes removing smells from washing machines. Posting on one of the dedicated cleaning Facebook groups, a woman asked for advice on how to remove damp smells from her washing machine. Danielle Moffett wrote: “Can anyone please advise how to get my washing machine back to normal? “It’s a relatively new machine and has started to smell damp when not in use.” Leftover laundry detergent, fabric softener and debris stuck in the machine can rub off on your clothes, leaving behind marks, stains and worst of all – bad smells. READ MORE: Most effective way to remove ‘musty odours’ from washing machine As well as debris, mould and grime can get trapped under the machine’s rubber sealer. While the washing machine’s filter and drain hose do not require as much attention, the inside of the appliance should be cleaned regularly. For those reasons, you should aim to clean your washing machine once a month if you want to keep your items in good condition. Over 200 Mrs Hinch fans took to the comments section to offer their top tips for removing damp smells from washing machines. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls [EXPERT]Weeds: How to get rid of weeds using ‘cheap and natural’ methods [TIPS]Oven cleaning: ‘Easiest way’ to properly clean ‘greasy’ oven racks [INSIGHT] Of all the comments, the most popular was to use white vinegar to rid the appliance of odours. The cleaning enthusiasts claimed that the kitchen cupboard essential is “cheap” and gives the “best results”. Tracey Burke said: “I always use white vinegar because it’s cheap and gives me the best results.” Gracie Webster advised: “Use a cap full of white vinegar on a hot wash. You’ll smell instant results.” Marian Kearney commented: “Vinegar all the way and leave the door ajar when not in use.” Jackson Anne wrote: “White vinegar on a hot wash. I stopped using liquids in my washing machine and only use powder. No more bad smells.” Katherine Stout said: “I've never had that problem with my washer. I alway use white vinegar in every wash regardless of temperature and after using I leave the drawer and door open until cold.” Yvonne Taylor added: “White vinegar works so well and is so much cheaper than regular washing machine cleaning products.” White vinegar is a popular natural cleaning ingredient that can be used for this job, and it will only set you back a few pennies. It can be picked up from Tesco for as little as 29p The vinegar will descale and break down any built up clothing detergent in the machine whilst deodorising the appliance. Adding a little white vinegar to the machine every time you wash something will prevent odour from accumulating in the future.