On Monday, Dan confirmed he was leaving BBC Breakfast after six years to take on a new role at Channel 5 News. It is unclear when the presenter will leave the red sofa, but he did confirm it would be over the "next few weeks". Speaking about his decision on Tuesday's show, the Strictly Come Dancing star admitted it was a "really difficult" decision to make. "We have been friends for 20 years, we have worked together for six months and you're off," Sally Nugent quipped. "I know," Dan simply replied before detailing why he has decided to leave: "But you know that as I explained to you before all the news came out, that this has been a really difficult decision for me. "[It has been] probably the hardest decision I've ever had to make in my career because I love you to bits and I love working with you." "I love you too, Daniel," Sally told her co-star before Dan added: "I love the team at BBC Breakfast and the six years I've had on this sofa have been the best six years of my career by some distance." The father-of-two went on to defend his decision for leaving BBC Breakfast as he stated it was "motivated by money". "But sometimes I think opportunities come along and you have to grab them, don't you?" he continued. "I have never ever been motivated by money in any job that I have ever taken and even though I love BBC Breakfast and everyone that works on the show, this is a fantastic opportunity to work with a brilliant team at Channel 5. "And also go and make some programmes outside of news."  On Monday, Channel 5 News took to social media to share Dan's exciting news. Along with a video clip from Dan, the broadcaster penned: "Some news to share with you all from us at @5_News @mrdanwalker will be bringing you the news at 5pm every day from now on. "And he's got something to tell you all - watch his video down below." During the video, Dan said he was "excited" to be joining Channel 5, but would be sad to be leaving BBC Breakfast. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star Ralf Little on ‘vindication’ of Neville [INSIGHT]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [NEWS]Channel 4 air Grease despite calls to never be shown again [REACTION] He explained Channel 5 came to him with "big ambitions" and with "big plans". He said: "I don't think opportunities like this come around very often and I can't wait." He later added: "What I love about this deal is not only do I get to present the news but also host a whole range of new programmes right across the channel. "And what an hour to step into the shoes of Sian Williams, I know how popular she is with the team and with the audience, so all I can say is, I will do my best to maintain her incredibly high standards." Despite being sad to leave the famous red sofa, Dan made a joke to Sally and Carol Kirkwood about why he was really leaving the show. "It is 6.47am exactly, let's go straight to Carol," Sally said as Dan interrupted: "I need to tell Carol that I actually love her." Sally continued: "Shall we do this now? Carol, let's do this now. Dan's a bit...yeah." "I made a bit of a joke earlier Carol, saying I was leaving because I didn't like you and Sally," Dan laughed. "But I love you very much." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.