The West Sussex village of Wisborough Green is the second most expensive neighbourhood in all of Sussex. He resides with his wife, Polly Samson. Living in the area is far from cheap, with house prices averaging at £680,000. The only housing prices in the area that top it are in the Chichester neighbourhood of Milland and South Harting where the average house is priced at £687,500. A typical English village, Wisborough Green boasts a village green, public houses, pond, church, village shop and Post Office at its centre, and boasts a population of 1,414. The essentially rural area is a far cry from the more commercialised Billingshurst and Petworth. Unsurprisingly, Sussex is a housing hotpot for several celebrities including Piers Morgan, Fatboy Slim, Zoe Ball and Paul McCartney.  READ MORE: ‘Now it’s like new’: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean car seats Hollywood A-listers such as Tom Cruise and Kate Winslet have also done stints in the southern county. Keith Richards is certainly one of the most notable former residents, residing in a West Wittering country estate. David Gilmour married Virginia Hasenbein in July 1975 and the couple had four children; Alice, Clare, Sara and Matthew. The couple divorced in 1990 and the guitarist and singer went on to marry Polly Samson in 1994. The pair live a quiet life in peaceful Wisborough Green. They share four children, Romany, Charlie, Gabriel and Joe. David and his wife spent the pandemic in their West Sussex home, and like families across the country, found novel ways to keep entertained. But while the majority stuck to daily walks and baking banana bread, David Gilmour set up a Youtube series. He titled it Von Trapped Family. The initial aim of the series was to promote and celebrate the release of Polly's new book. She published A Theatre for Dreamers on April 2, 2020. The literary fiction novel entered The Sunday Times Bestseller List at number two. However, the YouTube series became more than just a celebration of this creative endeavour. It became a vessel for which the family could perform together. The videos also gave an insight into the star's family life, complete with David's wife, children and dogs. David performed numerous songs including some of those from his Pink Floyd years. Wish You Were Here and Comfortably Numb are two of the group's best hits. He also covered hits from artists including Leonard Cohen. As well as his beautiful Wisborough Green residence, Gilmour and his family also own a seafront property in Hove.