With just a week left to the end of the tax year, those with a lump sum languishing in their bank account might be wondering where they should put it. He said: “For higher-rate taxpayers, pension saving carries even greater benefits. Alongside the basic rate top-up, they can obtain a reduction ontheir tax bill for the year so that total tax relief is at their marginal rate of 40 percent or 45 percent. “For someone paying tax at the 40p band, this obtains them a £10,000 gross pension investment for a net cost of £6,000 after tax relief, and for a 45p taxpayer the net cost is £5,500.” That would seem to relegate investing ISAs to a poor second, as people pay into those from net income and on the main ISA allowance there is no top-up from the state. But they have the benefit that no tax is payable on either income or capital gains when the ISA is accessed, and that access is more flexible, he explained. Pensions make up 42 percent of wealth in Britain, according to the latest research by the Office for National Statistics – an even greater proportion than property, minus mortgage debt, which accounts for 36 percent. Total pension wealth has nearly doubled since the financial crisis, and while some of this is due to the investment growth of pension pots, there is no doubt that nationally contributing into a personal pensionis on the up. He explained “where ISA saving does win out”. He said: “Hands down the flexibility. Pension pots cannot be accessed until age 55 (set to rise to 57), and this is why for most people pensions are best reserved for their intended purpose – a retirement fund. “Meanwhile, ISAs can be accessed any time, with no tax on withdrawals, so are more suited to medium-term goals like paying off mortgage, education fees, wedding costs, a dream holiday or a rainy-day fund.” Conversely however, for savers over 50 the restrictions on pension access become less meaningful, with the option of a significant tax-free lump-sum on the horizon, he added. In weighing up pensions or ISAs, a further consideration might be how these two schemes could be treated on death. Everyone has an allowance at which wealth can be passed on after they die without being subject to inheritance tax (IHT), but it has been frozen at £325,000 per person for a decade now – and will remain so until at least April 2026 - and so has shrunk considerably in real terms as a result of inflation. Mr Holland concluded: “ISAs and Pensions have become firmly established as the two key pillars of longer-term, tax efficient savings in the UK. “Both are extremely valuable tools in building a solid financial plan and helping people achieve their goals and in most cases people able to set aside some cash should consider a combination of ISAs and Pensions, rather than regard them as an either or choice.”