Forecasters have predicted a high of 19C in south east England by midweek – a few degrees above the average for the time of year. Similar temperatures are forecast for Easter weekend, with the Met Office saying dry and sunny conditions are expected.  Meteorologist Steven Keates said: “The further south and east you are, the better chance of seeing predominantly dry conditions into the Easter weekend. “Probably quite pleasant actually in the sunshine, with temperatures probably on the warmer side for the time of year. “So you’re probably looking at mid to perhaps upper teens. “Potentially looking quite promising in the south and east, a little bit more mixed for the north and west.”  This weekend, people are likely to wake up to frost, with sunshine and showers in store for Saturday. Temperatures will peak at around 13C, with the mercury hitting just 9C in Scotland. Sunday is expected to be a dry day for most, with a scattering of showers in Northern Ireland, and temperatures up slightly to around 14C in central and southern England. Mr Keates added highs of 19C for Easter are “reasonable” predictions, compared to average temperatures of 14C in the South East at this time of year.  READ MORE: UN members took 'coffee break' to avoid voting on Russia's suspension While the current outlook is promising, people should keep an eye on the forecast “if you’ve got outdoor plans or travel plans. “But at the moment nothing desperately disruptive is looking on the cards,” he added. Weather experts say that unsettled but warmer conditions may arrive early to mid-week next week. Nick Finnis, a meteorologist with netweather.tv said: “Some uncertainty though for the second half of next week and over the Easter Weekend, as may be expected this far off, especially over the positions of surface highs and lows in proximity of the UK which has impacts on what weather we will experience on the ground. DON'T MISS:Consumers face higher costs during peak hours in major changePrincess Anne eclipses William as hardest working royalMarine Le Pen gains ground on ‘feverish’ Macron as final stages loom  “So in a nutshell, warmer next week, unsettled during the first half looking likely though more particularly in the west, unsettled conditions perhaps lingering into the second half too. “But increasing confidence of some dry and settled weather developing for the Easter Weekend, but some uncertainty how warm it will be.” 