Benfica have given an indication that they are preparing to sell star striker Darwin Nunez this summer as the club are said to have identified his successor. Newcastle have already reportedly made a £50million offer in an attempt to prise the ace away from Portugal, while he has also been linked with Premier League giants Manchester United. Nunez has been in imperious form this season and has found the back of the net a staggering 32 times in all competitions. His performances in the Champions League helped his side reach the quarter-finals of the competition, where they were defeated by Liverpool. The 22-year-old has three years remaining on his current deal but has been tipped to head for the Benfica exit at the end of the season as a whole host of clubs are vying for his signature. And, according to FootMercato, Benfica have identified Boavista striker Petar Musa as the man to replace Nunez. Musa has scored 10 goals in 25 games in the Portuguese top flight this season and looks well primed to move on from a club battling in mid-table. And Nunez’s departure could pave the way for a move to Lisbon. The same report state that Newcastle have offered £50m for the Uruguayan, though the Portuguese side are said to want at least £60m for their star man. JUST IN: Arsenal ready 'important proposal' to Paulo Dybala as Juventus ace set for 'three offers'   Nunez struck in both legs of his side’s Champions League showdown with Liverpool earlier this month as Benfica pushed the Merseysiders all the way. And his performances led to high praise from Reds boss Jurgen Klopp. “He's a very good boy,” the German said. “I knew him before, of course, but he played well against us. He is strong physically, fast, calm at the finish. That's great. If he avoids injuries, he will have a great career.” And Nunez then intimated that he would consider moving on in the summer as he responded to Klopp’s comments. “What the Liverpool manager said about me is a compliment, but my head is totally at Benfica until the end of the season,” Nunez later said. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal     “I want to give everything for Benfica and for these supporters, who are incredible. My job is to take advantage of this opportunity that happens to me. Last year I didn't play very well, this season is incredible but the credit also belongs to my partners.” Newcastle are looking to build a formidable squad at St James’ Park after being bought by a mega-rich Saudi-led consortium last autumn. But the Red Devils clearly want to bolster their attacking options as well. And if the 13-time Premier League champions put forward a suitable offer, Nunez could well have a difficult decision on his hands.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here