 As well as hitting a new record-high price of 167.3p on March 22, the average cost of a litre of unleaded petrol went up by a huge 11.62p to end the month at 163.28p per litre, the largest ever increase the RAC has recorded in a single month. The average price of diesel rocketed by an astonishing 22.06p a litre, peaking at 179.9p on 23 March, ending the month at 177.29p.  This increase is three times the size of that recorded in May 2008, the previous worst month for diesel price rises, when the cost of a litre went up by 8.43p. On average, it now costs nearly £90 to fill a 55-litre family petrol car, £6.38 more than it did at the start of the month. It is also a staggering £22 more expensive than a year ago - a shocking 32 percent increase. The effect of the rise in diesel prices is even more pronounced with the cost of a tank up £12 (£12.13) in March, from £85.38 to £97.51. READ MORE: Everything you need to negotiate best price on a car  It is around £15 more expensive than it was at the start of January, and almost £28 (£27.84) more than a year ago - a further 40 percent increase. Simon Williams, fuel spokesperson for the RAC, said the fuel price rise over recent weeks was shocking, especially with many other household bills increasing. He said: “March 2022 will go down in the history books as one of the worst months ever when it comes to pump prices. “Over the 22 years we have been monitoring pump prices as part of our Fuel Watch initiative we’ve never witnessed such extreme rises in prices over such a short period. DON'T MISSScientists make breakthrough that doubles EV lifespans [INSIGHT]Severe concerns over car tax changes as drivers warned of road pricing [SHOCKING]New car tax changes introduced today with drivers paying more in VED [WARNING]  “To describe the current situation facing drivers at the forecourt as ‘bleak’ is therefore something of an understatement. “Without question, these figures show in the starkest possible terms just how much fuel prices are contributing to the cost-of-living crisis which will be affecting households up and down the country. “We know that so many drivers depend on their vehicles – for instance, because of a lack of feasible alternatives – so fuel prices must be starting to have an enormously detrimental effect on people’s finances, especially those on lower incomes.” Drivers have been questioning whether all forecourts around the UK have stood by the reduction to fuel duty and lowered prices, with many still paying over the odds for fuel.  Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced a fuel duty cut of five pence per litre on fuel, in a bid to reduce costs for drivers in response to record prices. In response to this, the average petrol and diesel prices have so far fallen by 3.73p and 2.61p respectively since the Chancellor’s address to the Commons, which the RAC called “disappointing”. Mr Williams continued, saying: “Drivers might well be feeling aggrieved that the Chancellor’s ‘historic’ fuel duty cut announced in the Spring Statement just two weeks ago has done nothing to protect them from price increases. “A 5p cut in duty should, in theory, have led to a 6p cut in prices at the pumps as a result of the Government taking less VAT – but that is on the basis that wholesale prices stay still, which is hardly ever the case, and retailers passing on their reduced costs to driver fairly.  “The fact pump prices have fallen so little reflects the fact that the cost to retailers of buying fuel had been going up ahead of the Spring Statement. “Had the Chancellor temporarily cut VAT rather than fuel duty on fuel, as we asked him to do, the impact on pump prices would have been immediate with drivers benefitting straight away. “Cutting VAT would also have gone some way towards shielding drivers from future increases – something a cut in duty just can’t do. “Sadly, this Easter – traditionally the biggest getaway time of the year on the roads – is shaping up to be the costliest on record for drivers and there’s very little they can do to escape the high cost of filling up. “Seeking out the cheapest petrol stations and driving as efficiently as possible are the best ways of making every pound spent on fuel go as far as possible.”