Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen has taken to Twitter to share some sad news at Ravenseat farm today. The mother-of-nine, 47, told how she'd been forced to set up an adoption on the Yorkshire farm following the devastating loss of one of their unborn lambs. Posting a clip documenting the incident to Twitter, Amanda told her 193,700 followers about the goings-on at Ravenseat. Tending to a sheep with her daughter Clem, Amanda said: "So, this lass has something not quite right. "She looks like she's trying to lamb, but she hasn't produced anything yet. "So, we're going to have a little look, aren't we Clem?" she asked her daughter who agreed. READ MORE: Victoria Beckham spent eye-watering sum for her dazzling wedding look Repositioning the camera, the star could be seen examining the ewe as her daughter watched on. Amanda said: "Ok, right, let's have a little look at what we've got. "We've got two feet," she said, before Clem chipped in. "It's a big lamb I think," she added. Amanda agreed, continuing: "It is a big lamb, so that's why she's having a bit of trouble, do you see that's why?" she asked the member of her brood. "That's one leg," the mother-of-nine said as Clem said she could see the animal's tongue. "Let's see if we can get him straight and downwards," the shepherdess said, before adding: "That's one out, that's two out." Wanting to chip in with the farm work, Clem eagerly asked her mother if she should help pull the lamb out. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan slams “deluded self-obsessed” Johnny Depp and Amber Heard [UPDATE]BBC's Sally Nugent congratulates Laura Kuenssberg's replacement [INSIGHT]Sandra Bullock on seeing Channing Tatum strip after lingering look [ANALYSIS] As she started to help, Amanda's daughter asked her mother if the baby sheep was alive. "I'm not sure," Amanda admitted before cutting off the clip. Amanda later returned to share an update concerning the lamb. She said: "So, unfortunately this time we haven't had a happy ending, have we Clem? "Our ewe has a dead lamb, I don't quite know what had happened there because it wasn't hung, it was coming absolutely correctly but just completely dead. "Sometimes we've found that when we're lambing sheep, if the lamb sort of dies during the birth process the ewe almost gives up trying to push it out. "Anyway, for whatever reason we have a healthy ewe with a dead lamb. "So I'm going to take her back to the farm and give her a new lamb, so we're going to do an adoption, alright Clem?" she added. Amanda signed off her video saying: "You have to make the best out of the situation".