Chancellor Rishi Sunak has been under intense scrutiny after it emerged his wife Akshata Murty, who is estimated to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds, holds the non-domiciled status exempting her from paying tax in Britain on foreign income. As the backlash to the news continued, Murty announced on Friday she would begin paying UK taxes as she didn't want her non-dom status to become a "distraction" from her husband. This morning, BBC Breakfast's Stayt challenged Fletcher as to why he and others believe the couple to have "broken rules" and asked him to clarify what he meant. Speaking to Fletcher, who has been a Member of the Senedd for the South Wales West region since 2021 and is a member of Plaid Cymru, Stayt brought up the subject of Sunak and his Murty. He stated: "This is a story that has been knocking around for several days now about the chancellor and indeed, his wife and their financial arrangements. "I know politicians, on the whole, don't like to talk about other politicians in the sense of their families and all that stuff. "This is out there now, can you just be clear as to what it is you think the chancellor and his wife have done wrong?"  READ MORE: Adil Ray and Thornberry clash as he exposes Labour hypocrisy "Well, I think you've knocked it on the head there a bit in terms of how I feel about it," Fletcher replied. "I always try to not bring in people's families and stuff, but there are questions I think that need to be answered around the influence that the chancellor's wife might have on policy in the UK. "I mean, it doesn't surprise me, to be honest, what's going on, I said it during partygate, leadership comes from the top. "And we have another example here of where it's one rule for them and a rule for the rest of us-" Stayt then cut in to request: "I just need you, if you would, to clarify what you mean by that. "That sounds like a very vague statement. Influence on the chancellor - what are you alluding to?" Fletcher responded: "Well look, I mean the chancellor's wife had non-dom status and she's now saying she's going to be paying taxes. "There's a question here isn't there with those who are setting the rules and those around them who are very close as well, they have to follow the same rules as everybody else-" DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Bernie Taylor steals baby from Rainie [THEORY]Vine caller demands host take pay cut amid rising prices [VIDEO]Meghan's ‘Archetypes’ trademark mocked by Vine 'Embarrassing' [LATEST] "But they are," Stayt interrupted, as Fletcher explained: "They are now, but there are questions around what was going on previously." BBC viewers soon reacted to the probe, with Twitter user Phil Ray writing: "#BBCBreakfast just talking to a #PlaidCymru AM and it's refreshing to see a politician speaking on TV like...well, a normal person." @TheWordOfCarrie penned: "Luke Fletcher from Plaid Cymru on #BBCBreakfast is really quite impressive. "Calm, clear, passionate, and not taking any ‘but where is the money coming from’ bs from Charlie Stayt." Hugh Edwards commented: "BBC Breakfast very good at holding opposition parties to account, the actual government not so much. "Only two Ministers interviewed all week; Javid and Kwarteng. Not good enough BBC. #bbcbreakfast #JohnsonOut75." Ash chimed: "So Mrs Murthy has decided to pay taxes now @RishiSunak's family tax affairs are public knowledge. "The tax-dodging was not illegal, but it was immoral, so it won't be forgiven or forgotten. I'd have more respect for them if she paid tax retrospectively as well #BBCBreakfast." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.