Diane Parish is best known for portraying Albert Square resident Denise Fox on EastEnders. Speaking to Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary during Tuesday’s This Morning on ITV, she revealed the mood on the set of the BBC series was sombre after the cast was told about the death of Dot Cotton actress, June Brown. The EastEnders regular confirmed the cast of the long-running soap have all been mourning the loss of June, who died on Sunday night. She told Alison and Dermot: “I got a phone call from one of the cast members, and everyone’s devastated. It was like a punch to the gut.” June died surrounded by family on the evening of Sunday, April 3 at the age of 95. Denise actress Diane co-starred with her in a number of episodes having joined the series in 2006. READ MORE: Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits Her character Dot was one of the longest-running parts of the cast, second only to Ian Beale (Adam Woodyatt). Having starred in the series up until 2020, June’s death came as a surprise to Diane and the rest of the cast. “I suppose in this awful way you kind of expect not everyone’s going to live forever,” she explained. “Although we hoped June would live forever. It was just that thing that we didn’t want it to happen and we didn’t expect it to happen.” ITV presenter Alison assured the actress Dot’s legacy would live on well after her death. However, the soap’s cast was no less devastated to learn such a vital part of EastEnders history had died. Diane continued: “So it really took everyone’s breath away. It was a very sombre day, by all accounts. And it will be for quite a while. “She was the rudder in the ship, she was the definition of EastEnders.” DON'T MISS:Yellowstone’s Lee Dutton star celebrates new role [LATEST]Blue Bloods’ Donnie Wahlberg shares exciting filming update [NEWS]Outlander fans fear Claire and Tom Christie affair [THEORY] “And it was a privilege to know her and work with her. A real, genuine privilege.” Diane also admitted it had already been a tough couple of years on the EastEnders set after the loss of Barbara Windsor and Anna Karen. “We've lost some great ones, we’ve lost Barbara, June and Anna Karen this year. So it’s tough at EastEnders at the minute.” June came back to the series in 1997 after taking a four-year break following her 1985-1993 run on the series. She then recurred on Eastenders for the next 23 years, making her last appearances in 2020. The actress is survived by her five children with husband Robert Arnold, who died in 2003. She was appointed both Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 2008 and Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in this year’s New Year Honours. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.