State pension age changes mean men and women can both expect to be able to retire at the same age. Previously, the state pension age for women was 60, while it was 65 for men. However, some women - notably those born in the 1950s - impacted by the change said they were not provided with ample notice or communication about the matter. Arguing this point, some took their concerns to the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman (PHSO), which launched a review. Last year, it was found the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) was “inadequate” in its communication with the women impacted by state pension age changes. The decision was seen as a small victory on a long journey for 1950s-born women who have tried to raise awareness about this matter. READ MORE: Pension savers urged to act before end of tax year The issue, however, has not reached a conclusion, and the PHSO has shared another update on its website. It read: “We have received further evidence for stage two. We need to review and consider that evidence.” The PHSO provided the DWP with a deadline of the end of March to provide them with further evidence - which seems to have been met. Stage two will consider whether the failings the PHSO identified led to an “injustice” for the complainants. DON'T MISSDrawdown vs. annuity - how to determine what's best for your pension [EXCLUSIVE]|Pension savers may be at risk of 55 percent tax charge [INSIGHT]State pensioners demand increase to National Living Wage [ANALYSIS] If it were to be found there was an injustice that has not already been remedied, then the investigation would proceed to the third stage. Stage three, if it were to be actualised, would make recommendations to put things right. A WASPI spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "WASPI hope that the PHSO can move quickly now to conclude Stage Two of his investigation into any injustice caused by the maladministration by the Department of Work and Pensions, which has already been found. "We call on the Government to agree fast and fair compensation for all women affected.” The PHSO, however, investigates in private, meaning it cannot offer further details about stage two and stage three findings while those stages of the investigation are ongoing.  At present it is not possible to say how long it will take for the matter to reach a conclusion. The PHSO added: “How long an investigation takes varies depending on its complexity and the amount of evidence to review.” This was also a point stressed by Guy Opperman, Pensions Minister, in a recent letter to SNP Chief Whip, Owen Thompson. Mr Opperman wrote: “The PHSO investigation is ongoing. This is a multi-staged process and the PHSO has not given his final findings on the overall investigation The Ombudsman’s report of July 20, 2021 concludes stage one of what could be a three-part investigation. “The report made findings in relation to a specific window of time - under the last Labour Government.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “It is important to stress that the Ombudsman’s investigation is not a review of the entire state pension age increase from 1995-2011.” However, this was a response which did not seem to satisfy Mr Thompson. In a recent tweet, where a copy of the letter was shared, he remarked: “WASPI women have waited long enough. “But it seems the fight for fairness will continue for a while yet.” Regarding the matter, a DWP spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk: “The Government decided over 25 years ago that it was going to make the state pension age the same for men and women as a long-overdue move towards gender equality. "Both the High Court and Court of Appeal have supported the actions of the DWP, under successive governments dating back to 1995, and the Supreme Court refused the claimants permission to appeal.” The spokesperson added it would be inappropriate to comment further while the PHSO investigation remains ongoing.