Lee Child has sold millions of books worldwide thanks to the success of his iconic lead character, Jack Reacher. Over two decades after he debuted in 1997’s The Killing Floor, Lee’s first book has now formed the basis of a brand new series on Amazon Prime Video. The writer recently spoke to Express.co.uk and revealed he read the novel again for the first time in several years to prepare for the new adaptation. Re-reading The Killing Floor led Lee to believe he hasn’t improved as a writer since he began his internationally successful career in the late 90s. The 1997 thriller forms the basis of the new Prime Video series starring Alan Ritchson in the lead role as the lone vigilante, Jack Reacher. Lee went back to the book for the first time since it was originally published, and was pleasantly surprised by how much he enjoyed it. “I did, I had never re-read it,” he admitted when Express.co.uk asked if he went back to the book for the series. READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts “I wrote it and polished it and sent it in, and then I was perpetually focused on the next one and the next one and the next one.” The Killing Floor kicks off Reacher’s story when he arrives in the small town of Margrave, Georgia and gets swept up in a murder case. Millions of readers devoured the chilling mystery upon publication, and its success led to 25 more books in the series, with another planned for later this year. Lee recalled: “I had never re-read any of them, but I did re-read Killing Floor last summer because of this.” “And I was expecting to be a little embarrassed in terms of a bit of first novel clunkiness and so on. But, actually, I thought it was pretty good!” Much like in the new series, Reacher teams up with police captain Oscar Finley (Malcolm Goodwin) and officer Roscoe Conklin (Willa Fitzgerald) to help crack the case. The author revealed he still enjoyed the novel despite being several steps ahead of all the twists and turns. “That cheered me up, I was very happy for a day,” Lee added. DON'T MISS:The Witcher season 3 theory: Ciri set for new romance [THEORY]MAFS Australia’s Olivia on ‘grudges’ after Domenica row [COMMENT]Moon Knight fans emotional after Gaspard Ulliel title card [TRIBUTE] Unfortunately, his positive experience of revisiting his first book came with an unexpected caveat. He continued: “Then the next day I thought, ‘wait, what? I’ve never gotten any better since the first one?’ “So it was a bit of a mixed blessing, to be honest.” Thankfully, Lee still enjoyed the process of going back to his first novel, which perhaps will be repeated when Prime Video begins work on season two. “But, yeah, I enjoyed it,” he added. “And it brought back the memories of writing it, which was very intense, very passionate, and a lot of fun.” Reacher’s second case is explored in Die Trying, in which he and a young woman are kidnapped and driven 2,000 miles from the novel’s starting point in Chicago. The series has already been renewed for a second season following a positive reception upon its release this February, so fans can expect another riveting TV thriller to hit screens at some point next year. Reacher season 1 is available to stream on Amazon Prime Video.