Derry Girls is the Northern Irish comedy that has had fans in stitches since its original release in 2018. The Channel 4 sitcom sees a group of Catholic school girls - and one of their English cousins James (played by Dylan Llewellyn) - get caught up to no good as they try to keep themselves entertained. Season three has already been announced as the final series so fans are expecting a lot from these last remaining episodes. All of the main cast will be back for Derry Girls season three to reprise their memorable roles. Actress Saoirse-Monica Jackson will return as Erin Quinn, Louisa Harland as Orla McCool and Nicola Coughlan as Clare Devlin. Also returning are bad girl Michelle Mallon, played by Jamie-Lee O'Donnell and her English cousin James Maguire, portrayed by actor Dylan Llewellyn. Sadly, fans will be disappointed to know that there won't be as many scenes with one of these characters in the last ever series. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry As well as Derry Girls, actress Coughlan has become known for playing Penelope Featherington in Netflix's Bridgerton. But due to filming commitments during the coronavirus pandemic, her role as Clare had to be scaled back in series three. Coughlan told Belfast Live: "We had to make compromises happen in the script of Derry Girls. It was devastating to me because I wanted to be in all of this. "But compromises had to be made. And you know, they had to cut down my role somewhat, which was hard. "Really, really hard. But I think, you know, the fans of the show are going to be happy." The cast and crew of Derry Girls have remained tight-lipped on who could be joining them for the final season. Actress Harland teased to RadioTimes.com that there are going to be some "major, major guest stars". She added: "I think people are going to lose their minds when they see who." Actor Llewellyn has also hinted at some who could be returning to the show. DON'T MISS...Steve Fletcher opens up on getting sister Suzie Repair Shop role [FAMILY]Derry Girls’ James star ‘still processing’ final day on series [CAST]Derry Girls writer claims Brexiteers 'didn't know what they' voted for [EXPLAINER] In the same interview, the star behind James commented that fans could expect some familiar faces from the first two series who have guest-starred. Harland added: "We're so lucky to have them back". In the previous series, Death in Paradise and Father Ted actor Ardal O'Hanlon appeared as Eamon, son of fearsome Aunt Bridie (Eleanor Methven) who died. Writer Lisa McGee has also expressed her desire to add comedian Dara O'Briain to the cast but will he be there to wave Derry Girls a fond farewell? Few details have been released on what will happen in this upcoming season. Once again, it is going to consist of six episodes in total with a new instalment airing every Tuesday. The series three premiere episode is entitled The Night Before. Derry Girls season 3 premieres on Tuesday, April 12, at 9.15pm on Channel 4.