Easter Sunday and Easter Monday are two very important days to Christianity and the many denominations, as those who observe believe this to be the time Jesus resurrected from the dead following his crucifixion. This weekend also marks the end of the holy six-week period of Lent, when Christians sacrifice an indulgence to replicate Jesus’ time spent fasting in the wilderness for 40 days. The four-day Easter weekend commemorates the resurrection and ascension of Jesus and for many, it symbolises redemption for humankind, forgiveness, and opportunity. Amongst the Easter eggs and hot cross buns, special church services will be taking place across the globe to celebrate the holy time. In the run-up to the Easter weekend, Christians celebrate Holy Week, which sees a number of observances starting on Palm Sunday, which represents the day Jesus triumphantly arrived in Jerusalem to crowds waving palm branches. Next, it's Holy Wednesday, which acknowledges Judas’s plan to deceive Jesus. Then Maundy Thursday, commemorating Jesus’s last supper with the apostles.  READ MORE: Jesus' crucifixion site questioned: 'Scripture uses different words'   Good Friday follows, which is the day Jesus is believed to have been executed by crucifixion. Christians use this as a day of mourning despite its name, where they remember Jesus’ suffering. However, it’s also said to also mark the culmination of “God’s plan to save his people from sins”, according to Christianity.com. Finally comes Easter Sunday, which takes place on April 17 this year. But what happened on this day and what does it mean? After the crucifixion, scriptures say that Jesus’ body was removed from the cross and placed in a guarded tomb.  Three days later, Mary Magdalene and a few of Jesus’ disciples visited the tomb to find Jesus’ body had disappeared. Christians believe that Jesus was resurrected by God, as Jesus was later seen in the day by Mary Magdalene - and many others for a 40 day period afterwards. This day is known as Easter Sunday, and Christians observe this to be a time of forgiveness, as Jesus’ resurrection is said to have been a sign of God’s acceptance for his sacrifice in exchange for forgiveness for the sins of mankind. DON'T MISS: UK Weather: Britons to plunge into cool 6C week after heatwave [ANALYSIS] Christ's crucifixion: Seven facts disprove 'absurd' Bible story [EXPLAINED]Queen's hot cross bun recipe shared [INSIGHT]     Easter Monday marks the day after Jesus’ resurrection, and Christians spend this day commemorating the miracle. Jesus is believed to have remained on earth for a 40 day period before ascending to heaven. He spent the remainder of his time healing the sick and proving to doubters his relation to God. These acts are said to have led to the establishment of the Church.  Easter Monday, which is a bank holiday for those in England, Wales and Northern Ireland, and takes place on April 18 this year. Easter dates vary so much because they actually depend on the Moon. The holiday coincides with the first Sunday after the Paschal Full Moon, which is the first Full Moon after the Spring Equinox. The dates of Easter can take place anytime between March 21 and April 22. 