Tina Brown said she believes the firm "need" Harry and Meghan and will find a way to reel the Duke back in by potentially giving the couple the positions of "commuter royals". The former Vanity Fair editor said: "I think that Harry is going to want to come back when the Queen dies to serve his country. And I think they will find a way to reel him in." She said the couple could potentially have a commuter arrangement from the US. Harry and Meghan recently made a pit stop visit to see the Queen on their way to the Invictus Games in the Hague earlier this month. Speaking about the surprise meeting, Ms Brown said it could be a sign of things to come. She said: "It’s a sign of a cautious rapprochement, and I actually think that when the queen dies, I would not be at all surprised if some kind of new charter, as it were, with Harry is drawn up, because I think they’re going to feel they do need Harry in some way. And he might get a bit more of what he wanted.  "I mean, he could be a kind of commuter royal, I guess. The problem is the money piece. You know, they wanted to make money. And the big tension there was conflict of interest. I mean, how do you work that?" However, Ms Brown, who was also Princess Diana's biographer, said: "I don’t see Meghan ever wanting to go back. She disliked England." According to the author and journalist, Buckingham Palace advisers always thought Prince Harry, who she described as a "very impetuous man", would leave the family. She said she was told it was because "he was so fragile, so combustible, he was so unhappy, frankly, in the constraints of the Royal Family". Ms Brown added: "I actually think there is a Harry-shaped hole in the royal family now. And Harry was beloved, actually, by the British people. And people adored Meghan when she came into the mix. READ MORE: Prince Harry embarrassed 'red' Princess Diana with 'risqué joke' "So it was actually very, very sad for everybody that it went so wrong because they actually need Harry and Meghan now. You should see, the queen is failing, and she’s very frail. "They kind of need Harry and Meghan to bring that star power and to be on the balcony at the Jubilee. We have to have a royal family up there. We can’t have Andrew up there." Harry's father, Prince Charles and the Queen are said to be very keen for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, and their two children, to return to the UK for the monarch's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Palace has reportedly confirmed that the couple will receive full armed security at all the Jubilee events in June after Prince Harry previously worried about security issues saying he felt "unsafe" in Britain. DON'T MISS: Prince Charles 'won't delegate to William' when he's King [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: 'Failing' Queen needs Harry and Meghan [COMMENT]Thomas Markle savaged for 'constantly betraying' Meghan [ANALYSIS] This would mean the Sussexes would join the rest of the firm on Buckingham Palace's balcony to watch a RAF flypast and the Trooping the Colour on the Queen's official birthday - June 2. Despite the promise of security, Harry appears to still be undecided on whether he will attend the royal events this summer. When asked whether he, Meghan, Archie and Lilibet would attend the celebrations at the recent Invictus Games, the royal responded: "I don’t know yet, there’s lots of things – security issues and everything else. So this is what I’m trying to do, trying to make it possible that, you know, I can get my kids to meet her." Should Prince Harry and Meghan decide to attend the royal celebration, the pair would understandably have to miss working elements of the Jubilee after stepping down as working royals two years ago. 