Mr Ferrari slammed caller John and referred to him multiple times as "weak John" and a Hitler apologist, due to the caller's defence of Russia. John from Bethnal Green called in to discuss the ongoing war with Russia in Ukraine. The discussion with host Nick Ferrari quickly got heated after discussing which parts of countries in Europe Russia has annexed.  Mr Ferrari said: "This is a country that's already annexed vast swathes of Eastern Europe. "Has taken Crimea, has taken the South of Ossetia and has eyes on taking another part of Ukraine. "What do you mean...?" Caller John butted in and said: "How do you know they wanted to take that?" JUST IN: Sturgeon to face fresh challenge from ferry fiasco amid Derek Mackay inquiry, expert warns     Mr Ferrari added: "Sorry excuse me, do you ever actually read anything to do with foreign... Are you aware that Russia has annexed Crimea? "Are you aware?" Caller John said: "Yes I have an understanding of the situation there." Mr Ferrari said: "You are aware right? And you're aware that they've annexed South Ossetia?" The incensed caller asked: "Well what do you suggest we do?" Mr Ferrar said: "No no no, I'm asking a few questions, we'll do it this way. READ MORE: Airlines turn on Government amid Easter travel chaos - ‘We warned ministers’     "Why would the West stop and just watch them annex vast swathes of Ukraine? Don't talk to me about prodding the bear. that is the lamest excuse imaginable "You're almost an apologist for Russia, there was absolutely no way that you can allow people from a sovereign country to be... funnily enough we were looking at memories of the Falklands last weekend, to be taken over by another nation." Caller John added: "We're not getting anywhere Nick! All we're doing is finishing up in a worse situation..." The LBC presenter hit back: "Well you carry on my friend, you would have been an apologist for Hitler, you would have been an apologist for Hitler as he swept through Czechoslovakia, through Poland. "You would have said don't stop or stop picking Hitler with a sharp stick, let them take the whole of Europe. You're an apologist and you're weak! John, you're weak." DON’T MISS: Russian nationalists reach 'new level of extreme' – Putin supporters 'baying for genocide'Nigel Farage suggests England should boycott ‘corrupt’ Qatar World Cup over human rightsUrgent warning to check CCTV footage after 'appalling' arson attacks on cars Mr Ferrari said: "John you're weak you have no backbone, you're lily-livered and you are weak, you are weak John of Bethnal Green." Caller John added: "Nick, Nick oh yeah of course I am, If you knew me, I run Bethnal Green." Mr Ferrari said: "Pardon?" Caller John laughed before he added: "You make me laugh people like you, you wouldn't confront a burglar, you would let someone break into your next-door neighbours..." Mr Ferrar added: "I tell you what, I know I would confront someone who authorises troops to rape and murder my friends, you are weak John of Bethnal Green, weak John."   