Sunday will end with milder temperatures, with some areas seeing a more seasonable 11C after the coldest April night for decades. However, after a mild Monday for most, Tuesday and Wednesday see rain return in force, with some areas seeing downpours up to 45mm over Wednesday. According to WXCharts, from midnight Tuesday, a band of rain begins to form over Scotland and Northern Ireland, pushing eastwards from the Atlantic. These twin bands then coalesce into a deluge of rain by midday, striking Scotland and Northern Ireland with a maximum of 3mm an hour, while less than 1mm strikes parts of north England. Low and high pressure colliding in Britain disrupts this rain band, sending lighter spells over the west coast of England by 6pm. By midnight on Wednesday, the worst of the rain remains along the east of Scotland, with some pushing south into England and Wales’ coastline. Wednesday is then set to see the worst rain of the week, with pressure causing bands to push circularly over the UK. By midday, most of the UK will see showers of 1mm an hour, while the east of Scotland continues to be drenched for the second day in a row with 2mm downpours. Rain lingers over the south east in the evening, strengthening in parts of Kent to 2mm an hour. However, the worst of the rain is seen again in the east of Scotland, with some parts of the north east coast and the Hebrides seeing 5mm an hour by 3pm. While most of the rain is pushed away by 9pm across the UK, these areas in Scotland then see snow fall up to 3cm an hour strike. Over the 24 hours into midnight on Thursday, area such as Lochcarron see 45mm of rain fall. Meanwhile, most of the UK sees a wet end to the week albeit much lighter, with WXCharts holding all areas except for Newcastle will see at least 1mm of rain over the day. READ MORE: Ukraine war LIVE: Multiple explosions in strategic port of Odesa Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services told the Sun the cold will bite back on Wednesday. He said: “We will lose the very cold influence on Sunday and Monday, and Tuesday will feel milder compared to the end of last week. “However, when this cold front arrives on Wednesday and Thursday, we are going back into the very cold weather again.” Average temperatures leading up to Wednesday range between 7C to 11C, while WXCharts holds midday sees lows of 3C as far south as Cardiff. Met Office meteorologist Simon Partridge told the Mirror Online: “We could see some strong, possibly gale-force winds around Scotland. “More unsettled weather is set to hit most of Britain from Monday to Wednesday, with widespread rain and wind expected.” Mr Partridge added “that's the difficulty with spring and its peaks and troughs". The sunny weather will be brief, with bands of rain and wind forecast for the week ahead and into the Easter weekend. The Met Office said for Tuesday and Thursday: “Rain across many northern areas Tuesday, brighter in the south. Snow across parts of Scotland on Wednesday with showers elsewhere. Cold on Thursday with snow showers in the north.” Looking from Thursday April 7 to Saturday April 16, the Met Office said: "To end the week and through the weekend, it is likely to be cold in the north with wintry showers. “Further south, weather systems coming in from the southwest will bring more prolonged spells of rain and strong winds. "There is a risk of snow at times on the northern edge of the bands of rain, this mainly across central and northern areas. Widespread frosts are expected in the north, with some icy patches likely. In southern areas, temperatures will be nearer to average, locally rather warm. "Into the following week, it will likely remain unsettled, but with the focus for the heaviest rain and strongest winds moving towards the north and west of the UK, allowing some drier interludes in the southeast."