Unfortunately, fraudsters remain on the prowl and their techniques are becoming increasingly difficult to decipher. One method of scamming is impersonation fraud, which TSB has warned accounts for a third of cases since the start of the year. It involves criminals impersonating a company, business, organisation or individual to lead Britons into a false sense of security. The average cost of impersonation fraud is nearly £4,000 per case, but for some it can even be more costly. This was the case for 77 year old David Bale who found himself the victim of a scam to the tune of £6,000. Mr Bale received a phone call claiming to be from TSB and stating he would need to move his money into a safe account. READ MORE: State pension frustration as sum will not increase to £380 per week Mr Bale said: “They catch you in a trap and it all happens so quickly. It’s when you end the call that your heart sinks. “We’re such a trusting nation that when we hear it's our Bank, the Police or HMRC we want to do what they say and help them out – only most of the time it’s going to be a scammer! “Since being targeted I’ve put lots of energy into campaigning for others. “Fortunately, I received a refund – innocent victims at other banks aren’t so lucky which would prove devastating in these challenging times. This must change." DON'T MISSState pensioners may see sum affected if in a workplace pension [INSIGHT]WASPI women urge compensation for state pension age changes [UPDATE]WASPI women receive update - 'further evidence' to be reviewed [LATEST] Thankfully, TSB was able to help Mr Bale and refund his £6,000, but others are not so fortunate. There are ways Britons can try to protect themselves from being targeted. With spoof calls being made every day, individuals should stay on their guard if they receive any contact from out of the blue. Even though fraudsters are becoming more sophisticated, there is a sure fire way to defend oneself. This is to hang up the phone or delete the message if there is anything which seems out of the ordinary. In a similar sense, individuals can also contact the company directly by searching official routes online. This will confirm whether a call was genuine, and put people in touch with the correct authorities. Fraudsters thrive on causing rush and panic, so Britons do not have time to think about whether they are being scammed.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea As a result, it is important to take one’s time if making any decisions. Banks will never ask people to make a transfer, and so individuals should just hang up if they receive a call of this kind. Paul Davis, Director of Fraud Prevention at TSB, said: “Households are bombarded with scam calls, texts and emails every day. “We’re urging them to remain suspicious of any unsolicited contact, to avoid falling victim to fraud at a time when the impact would be hardest felt. “