Former Chelsea star Paul Canoville has listed what he wants to see from the club's new owners when they are eventually announced. The Blues have cut down their shortlist of prospective buyers with a final decision expected to be made in the near future. Todd Boehly, the Ricketts family, Stephen Pagliuca and Sir Martin Broughton are all said to be in the mix. Early reports have suggested that Boehley and his consortium are the frontrunners, but all bidders have until April 14 to submit their final offers. In the meantime, Chelsea have effectively been under a transfer embargo which has stopped them from negotiating new deals with current players while also halting any plans for the summer window. It's left Chelsea in a sticky situation with the very real possibility of losing Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen for nothing. It remains to be seen how the new owners will operate in the transfer market as well and whether it will differ to what the club were doing under Abramovich. The Russian billionaire was not afraid to back his managers in the transfer market and funded a club-record fee to sign Romelu Lukaku just last summer. JUST IN: American billionaire Ken Griffin makes Chelsea transfer promise  But Canoville is hopeful it will be a seamless transition under the new owners when they are announced. Responding to a Chelsea fan on social media, Canoville pointed out what he wants to see from the new owners. Canoville tweeted that he wants: "TT [Thomas Tuchel] and Rudi [Rudiger] new improved contracts then bringing @_DeclanRice home." Tuchel was given a contract extension last summer after leading Chelsea to Champions League glory. His new deal expires in 2024, but his record at Chelsea has already attracted some interest from clubs all over Europe. Manchester United have been linked with the German coach, but Erik ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino appear to be the frontrunners. DON'T MISS  Rice meanwhile will likely force Chelsea to break their transfer record once again with West Ham reluctant to sell. David Moyes has issued a hands-off warning to those interested in Rice, insisting it will take a bid of at least £150million to test West Ham's resolve. “The first thing to say is that he is not for sale," Moyes said earlier this month. "If you are interested, well, it will be north of that. 100 (million pounds) was cheap last summer. "One hundred and fifty just now would be minimum but he is not for sale. What I do know is that it means there are only certain clubs that could even consider it.”