Virgin Media has just announced the release of its all-new Stream box which brings hundreds of channels, blockbuster movies and binge-worthy boxsets to TVs via a broadband connection. The pocket-sized puck, simply plugs into any standard telly and makes it smarter thanks to a remote with full voice controls, Ultra HD compatibility and the ability to pause live TV. Along with all the usual terrestrial channels, Stream also offers instant access to services such Disney+, Netflix, BT Sport plus Sky Cinema and Sky Sports. All of these premium platforms can be controlled via one monthly bill with Virgin promising that customers will be able to chop and change what they subscribe to each month. It all sounds pretty enticing but before you rush to pop Stream in your shopping basket it's worth knowing how much it could really end up costing you. Virgin has just released full pricing and adding sports, movies and boxsets to your bundle could leave you facing a bill of over £100 per month...ouch! READ MORE: BT warning: It's easy to make one simple mistake that will slow down your broadband Here's a full breakdown of pricing: Netflix • from £6.99 a month Disney+ • £7.99 a month Sky Sports HD + Cinema HD pack • £46.25 a monthINCLUDES: All 8 Sky Sports and all 11 Sky Cinema channels in HD BT Sport pack • £18 a monthINCLUDES • All 4 BT Sport channels in HD, plus BT Sport Ultimate in Ultra HD Essential Entertainment • £12 a monthINCLUDES • 25 channels in HD including Sky Showcase, Sky Max, Sky Sports Mix, Sky Witness, Sky Documentaries, Sky Comedy, MTV, Gold, Comedy Central, Discovery, Eurosport & Nat Geo Kids pack • £4 a monthINCLUDES • Nick HD, Nick Jnr, Nick Jnr Too, NickToons, Cartoon Network HD, Cartoonito, Boomerang Starzplay • £4.99 a monthINCLUDES • Top US drama series and blockbuster movies with original STARZ content Another thing to note about Stream is that it doesn't work unless you have Virgin Media broadband so you'll also need to add this internet access to the monthly cost if you fancy taking delivery of the new TV-watching gadget. A standard 50Mbps package from Virgin costs around £25 per month. One thing that will cut the monthly price slightly is the promise that Virgin will apply a 10 percent bill credit to any subscriptions added to a plan. If the thought of being able to easy chop and change your monthly subscriptions sounds enticing then you can order Stream from today just be aware that getting access to a swathe of channels could make a pretty big dent in your bank account. Speaking at the launch of Stream, David Bouchier, Chief TV & Entertainment Officer at Virgin Media O2, said: “At a time of endless entertainment choice and a strain on household budgets, we’re putting viewers first. Stream customers will only pay for the entertainment they choose and can pocket monthly savings on the content they add - it is a truly flexible and personal way to enjoy the entertainment that matters most, at great value. "Stream is more than just a new TV service, it’s whole new way to enjoy connected entertainment. More than ever, content and connectivity go hand in hand and with Stream we’re delivering the best of both.”