Kieran Tierney reportedly fears his season could be over for Arsenal and Scotland after picking up a knee injury whilst on international duty last week. The left-back will reportedly require surgery on the problem, meaning he will miss out on Scotland's vital World Cup play-off against Ukraine in June. Tierney, 24, played 90 minutes in both of Scotland's international friendlies against Poland and Austria, registering an assist and a goal in the process. As one of Scotland's key players, Tierney was set to be depended on as Scotland aim to qualify for their first World Cup since 1998. The Tartan Army must face Ukraine before taking on Wales and will clinch a place in Qatar if they emerge with a win against both sides. But the former Celtic star reported back to Arsenal's training ground London Colney with an injury, casting doubt on his ability to see out the rest of the season. Tierney was absent from the squad for Arsenal's visit to Crystal Palace, with Nuno Tavares replacing him much. And the Scottish Sun report that Tierney expects a lengthy lay-off and that his time on the treatment table means he will miss Arsenal's run-in as they look to book a Champions League spot for the first time in six seasons. JUST IN: Man Utd hero Fred vindicates Alves claim after rescuing Leicester draw  Gunners boss Mikel Arteta revealed the extent of the damage ahead of their game against Crystal Palace on Monday. "He came back from international duty and felt something wrong in his knee," the Spaniard said. "There is some damage there. We will hopefully know more on Tuesday but it isn't looking good." Tierney joined the Emirates Stadium for £25million in 2019 after impressing heavily for Celtic in domestic, continental and international competitions. The left-back has proved himself as one of the Premier League's best left-backs with his consistent performances. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford jobTottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle winLiverpool skipper Henderson caught on camera protecting Fabinho - 'Proper leader' The star has already racked up close to 100 appearances for the Gunners despite an injury-hit first season, and has almost 300 career appearances for Scotland, Celtic and Arteta's men combined. Arsenal currently sit fifth in the Premier League amidst their quest for a top-four finish.