Novak Djokovic has learned what he must do at the upcoming Madrid and Rome Masters to hold onto his world No 1 ranking after suffering defeat in the Serbia Open final. The Serb now sits just 320 points ahead of Daniil Medvedev and will be hoping to stay at the top ahead of his French Open title defence, where he will also be defending a huge 2,000 ranking points. Djokovic’s ranking is still under threat from Medvedev despite the 26-year-old currently being out of action following hernia surgery. A title win at the Serbia Open would have boosted his lead over the world No 2 but instead the 20-time Major champion lost in three sets to Andrey Rublev. He still managed to add points to his ranking but will now need to do more across the Masters 1000 event in Madrid and Rome to stay at the top ahead of his French Open title defence, and his first Grand Slam tournament of the season. Having not played Madrid last year, all he needs to do to stay No 1 after the tournament is win one match, but things get more complicated as he heads to Rome where he was the runner-up in 2021. Medvedev won just one of his three matches at the two Masters tournaments last year, meaning he will lose 100 ranking points while unable to compete, putting him on 7,980 ahead of the French Open. Djokovic will have 600 to defend in Rome, and will be in the clear if he can win one of the two events. JUST IN: Alcaraz 'on the right path' to world No 1 with aim to copy Nadal again   The world No 1 can also keep a stronghold on his ranking if he reaches semi-finals in both Madrid and Rome, or a final showing at one tournament with a third-round appearance in the other will also help him safely keep hold of the top spot. It would offer Djokovic a welcome boost ahead of his French Open title defence, especially with his lack of match-play so far this season. Djokovic has played just three events this year with his runner-up showing in Serbia his best yet after crashing out of Dubai in the quarter-finals and losing his opening match in Monte Carlo. The 86-time title winner is also still looking to improve his form as he gets more matches under his belt, hoping to be back to his best in time for his first Major tournament of the year. DON'T MISSNadal hasn't left top 10 in 17 years as remarkable record continuesAndrey Rublev puts forward Wimbledon proposal in bid to force U-turnCarlos Alcaraz reacts to copying Rafael Nadal as teen enters top 10   The 20-time Grand Slam champion was left unable to defend his Australian Open title at the beginning of this year and will be relishing the chance to match Rafael Nadal’s record of 21 Major titles, a record he had competed for in last year’s US Open final. In his absence in Melbourne, the Spaniard managed to win his second Aussie Open title 13 years on from the first, making him the first man ever to win a landmark 21st Grand Slam singles title. As a 13-time French Open champion, Nadal is one of the favourites to extend his lead to 22 Majors at the upcoming Grand Slam but if Djokovic can have good showings in Madrid and Rome to hold onto his top ranking, it will offer him a lot of confidence to repeat his heroics from 2021 and defeat the man dubbed the ‘King of Clay’ en route to the French Open title. 