While it’s meant to be a religious Christian festival, many people use Easter as a time for gathering with loved ones while indulging in egg-shaped chocolate treats. The long-standing Pagan tradition has changed and evolved over the years, but what was the original meaning of giving Easter eggs? When is the right time to give and eat these chocolatey gifts? Easter eggs are just one of several traditions which often go unquestioned, yet they remain one of the most anticipated treats of the year for many children and even adults across many countries. The peculiar Easter tradition of gifting eggs dates back to a Pagan springtime celebration, when the eggs were given to symbolise a new life. Over time, Christians adopted this Pagan custom and have since used the eggs and their shells to represent Jesus emerging from his tomb on Easter Sunday. The more recent tradition of gifting edible chocolate eggs was established in Europe during the 19th century when France and Germany were the first countries to reinvent the ancient act which eventually caught the attention of the UK. READ MORE:Avoid keeping milk in door compartment of fridge to save hundreds Most families in the UK gift chocolate eggs to their loved ones at any point over the long Easter weekend, but this is a practice that has strayed from tradition. The modern Christian tradition of gifting eggs is usually done after Good Friday - the key date in the Holy Week which commemorates the crucifixion of Jesus Christ. This is a prominent observance by Christians because the eggs are used to symbolise the re-birth of their Saviour just two days after, on Easter Sunday. Based on the significant sequence of events which are commemorated by Christians during this Holy period, Easter eggs should only be given on Easter Sunday. From a non-religious perspective, Easter eggs are available to buy and consume as early as February in some stores, but the traditional practice is to wait until the actual Easter weekend. Traditionally, Christians were not allowed to eat eggs in the build-up to Easter - (Holy Week). When friends and family do come together to celebrate Easter Sunday, they would gather and exchange eggs with each other. Again, Easter Sunday is generally the only day on which eggs are eaten to mark the resurrection of Jesus Christ. DON'T MISS:Easter eggs: Too much can cause 'sleeping difficulties' in children [REVEAL]Easter weather 2022: Sunny weekend 'hotter than in Mallorca' [INSIGHT]Hay fever: How to ease symptoms as pollen bomb set to hit  [ANALYSIS] Eggs laid by animals were used to symbolise the spring period in Pagan times, though the Tact of egg-gifting became more elaborate and luxurious during the Victorian era. Between 1837 and the early 1900’s, it is believed that people would give each other ornately painted cardboard eggs filled with gifts and decorated in satin and ribbons. Over the years, plenty of new traditions have stemmed from the original practice of egg-gifting, and there are several types which are still observed today. 