Johnny Depp has testified in court that his ex-wife Amber Heard was a “bully” who would throw things including a TV remote at his head. He claimed that when their arguments escalated, he would escape to another of his properties - but alleges she would turn up outside in her nightgown, screaming at him. Amber, who denies any accusations of abuse, has yet to testify in the ongoing defamation trial. Pirates of the Caribbean star Johnny made several other damning claims against Amber, telling the court she had “pure hatred” for him and that their rows would often “escalate into violence”. He claimed that in her “frustration” and “rage”, Amber would “strike out” at him. This could begin with a slap, a shove, a TV remote being thrown at his head, or a glass of wine in his face, he alleged. READ MORE: Tom Parker’s kids send heartbreaking tribute to ‘daddy’ at funeral According to Johnny, he would be subjected to “demeaning name calling” and a “parade of insults”. "I was not allowed to be right, not allowed to have a voice,” he said. "If you tried to explain yourself and correct the misunderstanding it would then begin to heighten as Ms Heard was unable to be wrong. It just didn't happen." He also told his lawyer that Amber used “teenage high school tactics” and got in the way of his relationship with his children. The Black Mass actor claimed he desperately wanted to make their relationship work. "I stayed because of course I didn't want to fail, I didn't want to hurt anyone, especially Ms Heard. I didn't want to break her heart,” he said. He alleged he would, on occasion, “escape” from their arguments and go to one of his other houses, but Amber would arrive “in her nightgown screaming in the parking lot…screaming to high heavens”. “It was ludicrous, it was out of control,” he said. DON'T MISS: 'Heartbroken' Helen Mirren breaks silence after Rio Hackford's deathAmanda Holden, 51, teases fans as she flaunts legs in daring skirtCarol Kirkwood sets record straight on BBC Breakfast future Johnny has also denied ever being been violent towards Amber. He is currently suing her for defamation over a 2018 article she wrote in the Washington Post, claiming to be a victim of domestic violence though not naming Johnny as the perpetrator. She has alleged he was violent towards her in an incident which was sparked by her mocking his ‘Wino Forever’ tattoo, which he had changed from ‘Winona Forever’ when his relationship with actress Winona Ryder ended. Meanwhile, he also told the court he saw Amber take MDMA and mushrooms several times. Today marks the second day that Johnny has taken to the stand to testify against Amber as he sues her for $50million. So far, he has only been questioned by his own legal team, but will be cross-examined later on in the trial. Amber, who is counter-suing Johnny for $100million, has not yet taken to the stand. The trial continues.