Jadon Sancho is "not quick enough" to be a winger for Manchester United, according to former Manchester City star Trevor Sinclair. Sancho is one of three first-team players Sinclair would look to sell from the United squad this summer. The pundit also thinks the Red Devils must improve on Cristiano Ronaldo as their main striker option as well as replacing David de Gea in goal. Sinclair says United need to appoint a director of football before bringing in a new manager in a huge shake-up at the club in the close season. Sancho arrived from Borussia Dortmund last summer for a fee of around £72.9million following over a year of interest. He had a slow start to his Old Trafford career but has picked up under interim boss Ralf Rangnick in recent months. Ronaldo, meanwhile, is United's leading goalscorer this term and De Gea is arguably one of the club's players of the season after returning to top form. Sinclair also thinks there are doubts over Raphael Varane's suitability to play in the Premier League. READ MORE: Man Utd 'handed transfer shortlist' by Erik ten Hag that 'includes Ajax players'  But Sancho, Ronaldo and De Gea in particular are the three he thinks need to be replaced. Sinclair said on talkSPORT: "It doesn't matter what manager comes in to Manchester United next if they don't get their eggs in a row properly and put the people in place that they need to. "Director of football, philosophy, recruitment, manager, and in that order. [Otherwise] they're just going to end up with a mismatch of players. "You look through the side - you've got [Paul] Pogba who's ready to go. Sancho's come in as a winger - can't beat a player, not quick enough. "You've got Varane, for me the jury's still out on him. You've got Ronaldo, can't press, so why are you bringing him into the football club in the first place? DON'T MISSThomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea boss [REPORT]Matt Le Tissier quits Southampton role after backlash over Russia-Ukraine and Covid tweets [NEWS]Harry Kane 'curious to hear Man Utd offer' ahead of another Tottenham saga [GOSSIP]  "I said this last summer. He will score a lot of goals but will Manchester United be successful? "I don't think so. Because I don't think that's what they needed. "Even De Gea, if you're going to start with the backline, start with De Gea. He's not good enough with his feet. "If you want to play through the lines and play the modern football that all the top teams are playing, De Gea is not good enough with his feet." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 