Two lanes of the M25 were blocked by the incident, with congestion leading to delays of over an hour. Monitoring site INRIX saying: "Two lanes closed and queuing traffic due to broken down lorry and spillage on M25 Dartford Tunnel anticlockwise between J1a A206 (Dartford) and J31 A1306 (Lakeside / Purfleet). Congestion to J2 A2 (Darenth Interchange). The East (higher) Tunnel is closed, diverting traffic via the West Tunnel." The cause of the spillage is not known yet. Both tunnels of the Dartford-Thurrock River Crossing were previously closed. While one reopened shortly after emergency services attended the site, the eastern tunnel remained blocked for hours. BREXIT POLL: Is latest lorry chaos in Dover entirely due to Brexit like Remainers claim? National Highways said: "The East tunnel at Dartford Crossing A282 is closed due to a broken down lorry and a spillage. "All traffic is being diverted through the west tunnel which has a height restriction of 4.8m (15.7ft). "There are currently delays of 30 minutes above the usual travel time on approach." DON'T MISSEaster travel: Roads set to be worst in 2 years this weekend [WARNING]Cyclists face phone ban: Calls for bike riders to be treated like drivers [INSIGHT]Manchester Airport’s biggest shareholder speaks out amid chaos [REPORT] As the Eastbore tunnel remained closed, delays amounted to an hour and sixty minutes above the usual travel time on approach, with traffic stretching beyond six miles. According to Inrix, congestion extended to the J3 M20 (Swanley Interchange) back down the A2 to Ebbsfleet Valley and both sides of the J1a from Dartford. The estimated time for the incident to be cleared was delayed because the lorry's load shifted and was leaking onto the carriageway. Traffic continued to be diverted through the West Tunnel until about noon. Lanes reopened around 12.30pm. However, severe delays and queueing traffic for six miles remain, with congestion to the J3 M20 (Swanley Interchange), the A2 back towards Dartford Heath and Gravesend, as well as on routes either side from Dartford, Stone and Greenhithe. Travel time is still over an hour.