Portugal's move to treat British holidaymakers the same as Europeans could catalyse a chain reaction with other popular destinations. After Brexit, the UK became a third country, meaning that Britons lost access to the EU’s airport passport e-gates. Travellers therefore faced longer waiting times, with British passports checked manually. However, a step has been made to change this for British tourists in one country so far. It has been said that passport e-gate lanes for Britons were set up this week at airports in Portugal. READ MORE: Simon Calder warns British tourists for summer holidays -'pesky forms' This included Faro in the Algarve, Funchal in Madeira, Lisbon and Porto. This initiative was revealed at the World Travel and Tourism Council summit in Manila in the Philippines. Luis Araujo, president of Portugal’s tourism board, commented on the change. He said that that the move would help "our valued British travellers". This may set Portugal apart from other popular British favourite destinations, such as Spain, Greece and Italy. As more families pack their bags for their first summer holiday in over two years, the ease of travelling to Spain may push Britons to flock there in large numbers. UK travellers are considered essential to Portugal. Indeed, in January 2022, holidaymakers from the UK made up Portugal’s biggest overseas visitor market. This was the same case in February. Britons booked an extraordinary almost 484,000 overnight hotel stays over the two months. Paul Charles, from the PC Agency travel consultancy, predicted that Portugal would not be the only country trying this initiative with British tourists. According to the expert, it could lead to a "domino effect" across other EU nations. This is because "British travellers will realise they face potentially longer waiting times in the likes of Spain and Greece". People took to social media with mixed opinions regarding the decision. @Ryanc1959 stated: "As someone living in Portugal I understand but regret this decision. You absolutely want your cake and to be able to eat it." He added: "PS. Can you all keep your covid at home this year? We've only just got over you introducing the Delta variant." @andyroo1711 took an opposing view: "The Portuguese do not want to upset the British holiday makers. I am going in six weeks and if they wanted to be awkward I could always find somewhere else to go!!" @Stu__F said: "The e-gates also work with UK passports at Schipol however they have to put a human on the other side to stamp passports. Not enabling them for UK travellers is simply trying to be punitive." @davewvero53 responded: "No it isn't. We stupidly voted to be treated as a 3rd country. What did you expect? VIP treatment even though we've left the club?"