In response to further Russian violations emerging in Ukraine, General Lord Dannatt firmly states that reports from Ukraine “very much add up to war crimes”. Vladimir Putin might not face a court of law, but “the court of history will absolutely damn him”, the former British Army officer claimed. Evidence has been raking up suggesting Russia's behaviour towards civilians in Ukraine could amount to a war crime General Lord Dannatt told Sky News: “A number of the things that have been reported and well documented now very much add up to war crimes, particularly when you put a large list of war crimes together. “I think they are closer still”, claimed General Lord Dannatt referring to Western leaders’ accusations against Putin of committing acts of genocide in Ukraine. He also added: “You have to ask the question ‘what was this all about? “Are [Russians] actually trying to remove this whole group of people, about which I mean the Ukrainian population itself?” He reiterated: “We know that Russia wants to control Ukraine, but it is an awful thought to actually even consider that they want to control Ukraine without its people. “Everything [Russia] is doing, and this is what we are seeing now with the suggestion of chemical weapons, is to force the people to flee from their homes”. “This adds up to an increasing catalogue of war crimes that increasingly looks like genocide”, firmly added General Lord Dannatt referring to allegations of Russia’s use of chemical weapons against people in Mariupol. “Whether we will ever put Putin in a court of law, I do not know, but the court of history will absolutely damn him when the full record comes out." DON'T MISS: Putin's economy in freefall as Russian Railways crashes into default Such statements follow new evidence from Ukraine that seems to confirm Russian misconduct against Ukrainian soldiers and civilians, including children. Besides the images presented by President Zelensky at the UN Security Council meeting showing evidence of Russia’s violations of international humanitarian laws in Bucha, further evidence of acts of war crimes has also been reported by President Zelensky and other Ukrainian officials in other cities of Ukraine. President Zelensky’s war crime accusations come from other cities such as Mariupol where Russia troops have been accused of using mobile crematoria to dispose of the dead bodies and chemical weapons against residents. DON'T MISS: 'Boris has surrendered!' Fury as PM caves in fishing row with France [WATCH]'Our sanctions are working' Putin's economy crumbles as Liz Truss h... [LISTEN]Labour warning over SNP’s ‘backward’ opposition to nuclear [INSIGHT] Russia’s use of chemical weapons seems to have been confirmed also by Ukrainian MP Ivanna Klympush, who described the Russian aggression as resulting in “victims experiencing respiratory failure and vestib-atactic syndrome”. Besides Ms Klympush, UK foreign secretary Liz Truss also stated that Russian forces might have used chemical agents in an attack on the people of Mariupol. She added: “Any use of such weapons would be a callous escalation in this conflict and we will hold Putin and his regime to account”. In this regard, President Zelensky confirmed that further investigation will be conducted to confirm Russia’s potential use of chemical weapons in Mariupol.