Rafael Nadal has sent a message of congratulations to fellow Spaniard Alejandro Davidovich Fokina after the world No 46 enjoyed a career-best week at the Monte Carlo Masters, beating world Novak Djokovic in the world No 1's opening match before reaching his first-ever final. The 22-year-old suffered a straight-sets defeat to defending champion Stefanos Tsitsipas in Sunday's final, as the Greek won the title for a second consecutive year. Nadal has shared an Instagram post paying tribute to his young compatriot after his successful week at the Monte Carlo Masters. Davidovich Fokina started his week in the principality by defeating top seed Djokovic in what was the Serb's first match since February, producing a stunning 6-3 6-7(5) 6-1 upset win. His dream week continued as he overcame recent Indian Wells champion Taylor Fritz and former top-ten players Grigor Dimitrov and David Goffin to make his first-ever career final against defending champion Tsitsipas. It wasn't to be for the world No 46, who ended up losing 6-3 7-6(3) but he kept himself in it until the end, breaking the world No 5 when he first served for the title at 6-3 5-4. The 21-time Major champion has now congratulated Davidovich Fokina for his remarkable run, sharing a photo of the Monte Carlo runner-up alongside champion Tsitsipas as he wrote: "Congratulations to @aledavidovichoffocial for the final on #MonteCarlo Great week!!!!" adding several applauding emojis. The world No 4 also commended Tsitsipas, who became the first man since Nadal himself in 2006 to successfully defend his Monte Carlo title. JUST IN: Djokovic discovers results needed to avoid Medvedev stealing No 1 spot  Earlier in the week, Davidovich Fokina had admitted he was taking inspiration from 'King of Clay' Nadal after producing his shock win over Djokovic. “This is a tournament that I have always liked,” the world No 46 said after he beat Fritz to reach the semi-final. “I have seen the great moments of Rafael Nadal and the victories of him, and I thought that I wish one day I could be the one who lives that.” Nadal has won a record 11 titles at the Monte Carlo Country Club but was sidelined with injury this year, after fracturing his rib in Indian Wells. DON'T MISSRaducanu drops injury hint as Brit drawn into event after BJK Cup lossBecker waxes lyrical about Alcaraz and backs him to emulate DjokovicDjokovic's brother 'in talks' with Nick Kyrgios after Serbia Open snub  It has been a successful year for Spanish men's tennis so far this season, with Nadal first starting the season 20-0 as he picked up titles in Melbourne, Acapulco and a record 21st Grand Slam at the Australian Open. He then made it to the Indian Wells final where he lost to Fritz. 18-year-old Carlos Alcaraz then became the youngest man ever to win the Miami Open when he picked up his maiden Masters 1000 title at the Hard Rok Stadium earlier this month, and it was Davidovich Fokina's turn to fly the flag for Spanish tennis with his run to the Monte Carlo final this week.