With the recent Highway Code changes at the beginning of this year, a renewed focus has been placed onto drivers to pay attention to the safety of themselves and other road users. The new ŠKODA FABIA comes with intelligent driver assist tech that aligns to and counteracts the issues most commonly faced by all drivers. This ranges from Blind Spot Detect in the wing mirrors, Hill Start Assist to make moving off easier, Lane Assist to improve positioning on the road, and more. A ŠKODA spokesperson said: “The all-new fourth generation FABIA intelligently builds on the model’s 21-year legacy of bold design and smart connectivity. “The FABIA features several advanced driver assistance technologies for the first time such as the 10.25-inch Virtual Cockpit, to make driving safe and smart for both new and experienced drivers. “With up to nine airbags the FABIA is one of the safest small cars on the road and was awarded five stars from EURO NCAP and named the best for safety in its class in 2021. READ MORE: Driver clocked at 'ridiculous' 148mph “The FABIA has a wealth of safety and driver assist technologies to improve safety and reduce stress and is always ready to actively step in and take action to prevent an accident, features that the FABIA shares with a number of other ŠKODA models in the comprehensive range.” The new FABIA is one of the safest small cars on the market, with the car coming with nine airbags. This contributed to the new FABIA being crowned the safest car in its class by EURO NCAP, scoring five stars. Richard Gladman, head of driving and riding standards at IAM RoadSmart, praised the vehicle for its safety features. DON'T MISSGrandad's fury as £37k Land Rover not built one year after order [INSIGHT]Diesel drivers face new parking costs three times higher than EVs [SHOCKING]Controversial EU law scrapped as motorists set to save £2billion [BREXIT WIN] Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “It’s fantastic stuff. If you’re putting your youngster in the car, why wouldn’t you have an extra set of eyes helping you out if you could? “They’re our guardian angel. It’s an extra set of eyes there to help you out in case you do deviate a little bit. “The Park Assist system is really fantastic. It does put it in the absolute middle of a parking space. “I think we would probably do it about a third of the time, and you should still be taught how to do it. “But as this technology develops even further where it physically won’t let you hit anything else. How good would that be?” The car comes with traffic sign recognition, ensuring that the vehicle keeps the driver as safe as possible. This detects and recognises traffic signs, including speed limits, and alerts the driver on the digital display to make sure they’re following the law at all times. Drivers can also be reassured by the Hill Hold Control, which makes moving off on a hill easier. When setting off, the system is automatically activated on hill grades over five percent to eliminate unwanted rolling back without needing to use the handbrake. The ŠKODA spokesperson added: “The new FABIA is built on the Volkswagen Group’s MQB-AO platform, which has given scope for ŠKODA’s entry-model to include driver assistance systems that were previously reserved for higher tier vehicles. “Park Assist is available for the first time and is designed to park the car for you. “Park Assist can take over the steering to park autonomously to help guide drivers comfortably and with confidence to park in designated spaces.”