Moss can be beautiful among woodland trees, but less so when it has taken over a garden lawn and patio. For those struggling with the green plant they might be tempted to try the common hack for removing moss using soap, a trick which can cost as little as 44p. However, a gardening expert reveals that this could do more damage to gardens. When caring for lawns, the first step is to kill any moss spores. These spores are generally produced in April as growth resumes. The dish soap moss hack is commonly used by gardeners as a supposedly simple and safe method to do this. The method involves either sprinkling washing powder over the affected area or spraying it with a solution of washing up liquid and water. READ MORE: Lawn: How to achieve ‘fantastic’ grass through ‘regular’ mowing Washing up liquid can be picked up from Asda for as little as 44p. After 24 hours, in theory, the moss should dry up and turn orange and brown, so you can rake it up. However, Marcus Eyles, Horticultural Director at Dobbies Garden Centres has warned that this tip is far from safe and effective. He explained: “If you are trying to get rid of garden moss, washing up powder or liquid should not be used. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to ‘easily’ clean oven glass ‘properly’ - ‘no scrubbing’ [COMMENT]Garden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [TIPS]Garden pests: How to ‘effectively’ get rid of ants ‘within a week’ [EXPERT] “Not only is it not effective, but it can also have detrimental effects on wildlife. Instead he recommends using Lawn Sand to remove any moss from gardens. He said: “The best product to use to remove it is Lawn Sand. “This will turn the moss black and you can then rake it out and add it to the compost heap. “This should be used in line with the instructions on the pack.” Lawn Sand is a mixture of one part iron sulphate, three parts ammonia sulphate and 20 parts dry sand. The lawn sand is selective in which plants it kills, it is able to kill broadleaf weed and moss without affecting the grass. This product should be applied to a lawn using a spreader to distribute it effectively. Once it has been applied to the lawn, when it settles on moss and broadleaf weeds it scorches them and turns them black. When the lawn sand has done its job, gardeners should rake it over to avoid the sand building up. A high pressure hose can also be used to remove any build up of sand. Those who have children or pets avoid them walking or playing on the lawn until the lawn sand has been watered in after 48 hours.