A Jeremy Vine panel debate on whether royals should send thier children to state school erupted after Carole Malone furiously blasted another pannelist, the TV historian Dan Snow, for "hypocrisy" over attending a private schools himself but believing the Royal Family should not do the same with their heirs. Mr Snow told Jeremy Vine: "I suspect there will be a referendum on the future of the monarchy. So if I was them I'd be thinking what do we do? He added: "It will come, they dodged a bullet with Jeremy Corbyn so if they are interested in thinking strategically about them, and that's what George III did. "Monarchs have reinvented themselves all the time." "You are asking them to use their kids to improve their image," blasted Ms Malone. JUST IN: 'Putin on brink: Exiled oligarch says next round of sanctions to deliver 'serious blow   "Which is exactly what the Queen and Prince Philip did by sending their kids to Gordonstoun "No! they sent them to Gordonstoun because it was tradition," erupted Ms Malone. Mr Stone replied: "No they had never been educated in schools before they were homeschooled. He continued: "Everything the royals do whether we like it or not, is inherently political." The historian pointed to various young royals being sent on royal visits around the Empire before arguing, "Royals have used their children that's what children are for!" Ms Malone turned on her fellow panellists and blasted him for "hypocrisy." She said: "You went to a private school!' "All this does not distract from the fact you have one opinion for the royal kids and one opinion for your own," she went to say, "There is a hypocrisy there!" "But I'm not a royal!" defended Snow. Malone snapped back: "Doesn't matter there is a hypocrisy in that." Prince Charles, Prince Andrew and Prince Edward followed in the footsteps of Prince Philip and attended the prestigious fee-paying Gordonstoun School in Scotland. Prince William and Prince Harry were both educated at Wetherby School and Ludgrove School, before continuing their education at Eton College.