Expert Anne-Elisabeth Moutet said that the blunders of Eric Zemmour in this modern political debate have empowered Marine Le Pen to launch a legitimate challenge against French President Emmanuel Macron in the upcoming elections. In a campaign that has been defined by the response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the National Rally party leader has bridged the points gap between her and the current President in a dramatic fashion. Speaking to GB News,  the Daily Telegraph’s Paris columnist said: “[Le Pen] understood the mood of the country better. “One of the things about Eric Zemmour is he’s very good at old-fashioned politics, which is tasting what a crowd will expect. “But he is not a digital native. In fact, he is not digital at all. He finds it difficult even to organise a Zoom call. “The result is that he had no clue what happened worldwide in terms of emotion, surprise, and circulation of information about Ukraine. She added: “I think there’s two failings that he showed. One being that he knows nothing about foreign policy. The second is that he doesn’t speak English or any other language. “Meanwhile he has helped Marine Le Pen immensely because now she looks like much milder. “She is easy to deal with. She is a 53-year-old woman who is an avowed cat lady. She is much less abrasive. “She could have dreamt [Zemmour] up, even during that period when he was gaining votes and personalities from her party, actually he was helping her because she looks quite respectable.” READ MORE: Brexit POLL: Do you think a second Macron term will be bad for UK? [POLL] The most recent polls from Ifop show that there is only a four percent difference between Macron and Le Pen should they face each other in the runoff. The first round of the French election begins on Sunday, and campaign insiders say Macron must appeal to the left beforehand. If he is unable to do that, they say, Le Pen would gain strong momentum ahead of the second round of elections. Support for Macron has dropped from a peak of 31.5 percent in March during the first weeks of the war in Ukraine down to 26.5 percent. DON'T MISS: Andrew Neil outlines humiliating new polling for Macron [REVEAL] Marine Le Pen's links to Russian money reemerge [INSIGHT] French presidential candidate vows to hold referendum on EU [REPORT] Le Pen, on the other hand, has seen public support for her surge from just 16 percent up to 24 percent ahead of the first round. The National Rally leader has also gained ground among poorer left-leaning voters by promising to cut VAT on petrol by 15 percent. Additionally, she has said she will allow people to retire two years earlier than the current minimum age of 62 if they have started working before the age of 20. Juliette Meadel, a former Socialist minister who joined Macron’s camp, said the President “needs votes from the left by the first round”, or else he risks momentum building behind Le Pen and fuelling “doubts about his programme”.