Dave Annable is well known to Yellowstone fans as Lee Dutton, the late eldest son of ranch owner John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner). After making a surprise guest appearance in the Paramount Network drama’s latest season, the actor has taken to Instagram to celebrate his next role in an exciting new drama which could prove to be another huge hit for rival network NBC. Yellowstone star Dave has released a new update on Instagram confirming his involvement in NBC’s new pilot, Blank Slate. He was confirmed to have joined the new project alongside co-leads Matt Passmore and Floriana Lima. In his latest post, he wrote: “Insanely grateful and excited to join this new pilot for NBC. “Such a talented cast and team behind this show. Script is [fire emoji]. LFG!!” READ MORE: Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits Dave will portray Chris Logan, a congressional candidate who encounters mystery man Special Agent Alexander McCoy (Matt Passmore). Produced by Davis Entertainment, the series bears some similarities to the production company’s other popular NBC mystery drama, The Blacklist. The official synopsis via Deadline reads: “Special Agent Alexander McCoy is a legend in law enforcement, the agent we all hope is out there, the agent we’d all like to be. “The only issue is — he doesn’t actually exist. He’s a ghost, a phantom.” “So what happens when a man claiming to be Alexander McCoy walks through the door with all of his skills and knowledge but with an agenda nobody will see coming?” Blank Slate’s gripping premise and Dave’s endorsement for the pilot’s script should be a good sign the series will be picked up by NBC for a full-season order. After confirming the news, Dave’s new Instagram post was filled with comments from his followers and fellow actors. His Blank Slate co-star Floriana replied: “Couldn’t be more thrilled.” DON'T MISS:Blue Bloods’ Donnie Wahlberg shares exciting filming update [LATEST]Outlander fans fear Claire and Tom Christie affair [THEORY]The Walking Dead's Dan Fogler addresses Luke’s season 11 disappearance [INSIGHT] How to Get Away with Murder star Gerardo Celaso wrote: “Let’s go Dave!!! You’re gonna crush this!!!” And fan @cindypeach3 said: “My husband and I are so happy for you. “Loved you in Brothers and Sisters, Yellowstone, Fantasy Island etc!!!” Dave got his start as an actor with his breakout leading role in Brothers and Sisters, a popular family drama which aired on ABC from 2006-2011. He was also part of the main cast in the Fox drama Reunion and the medical comedy Red Band Society. In 2018, he joined the cast of Yellowstone’s feature length pilot as the eldest Dutton child, Lee. Unfortunately, his character was killed off within Dave’s first appearance, though he later came back for a flashback scene in the fourth season. The actor has also appeared in The CW’s Walker revamp alongside Jared Padalecki, which was recently renewed for a third season. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Peacock in the USA. Seasons 1-3 are available on Pluto TV in the UK.