Escape to the Chateau fans have been left emotional after Dick Strawbridge and Angel Adoree shared some exciting wedding news on their Instagram page. The couple announced that Chateau de la Motte Husson is finally starting to open up to weddings for the first time in nearly three years following the coronavirus pandemic. In view of their 232,000 followers, the couple relayed the exciting update. The caption of the snap read: "This weekend, Dick and Angel will be hosting their first wedding in almost three years and The Chateau will finally be back to doing what it does best." A picture of the orangery at Chateau de la Motte Husson had been shared on the platform. The magical venue had been decked out with pink and white balloons while fairy lights could be seen glistening inside. READ MORE: Michael Douglas 'broke down in tears' as Debra Winger BIT him Fans of the show couldn't help but take to the comments to express their excitement at the milestone. One Instagram user took to the comments to reveal that it was their wedding in the pretty snap. Robxbyrne wrote: "So beautiful, congratulations to the lucky couple getting married in such a magnificent place." Meg_mac_walker added: "This honestly makes me emotional for you...have the most fabby weekend x." (sic) While dianedodds.realestate penned: "Fantastic news! What a lucky couple to start their wedded life with such distinction. "Best wishes for a fabulous event and happy that you are back in business!" The couple had previously told how thanks to the Covid pandemic, they were forced to cancel weddings that had been booked for 2020. Speaking about the problem in an interview two years ago, Angel said: "Usually we would find a new date in the diary for the weddings that we've had to cancel up until September but 2021 and 2022 are already fully booked. DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson in U-turn on George Clooney's 'loony' wife Amal [INSIGHT]Zoe Henry breaks social media silence with Jeff Hordley update [ANALYSIS]Ulrika Jonsson says she knows 'how Helen Skelton feels' after split [UPDATE] "We've had to make incredibly difficult calls to say, 'There's no way we can fit your wedding in next year or even in the future.' "We simply can't fit two years into one. “There have been a lot of upset brides but we have done our best. It is heart-breaking." Dick added to Express.co.uk: "The difficulty is managing disappointment and that has been the hardest part for Angela. "I don't get to talk to anybody. "I'm not allowed - I'm a bit too blunt with the brides and there are enough tears as it is. "But Angela is always great at trying to find a way forward," he revealed. Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.