In an update Kent County Council said the coastbound M20 at J8-J9 is being closed due to Operation Brock filling up and to avoid congestion on the route. Traffic management and speed restrictions due to the operation mean traffic is very slow moving around Folkestone and Dover.   Traffic cameras have shown traffic queueing between J11 and J13 on the M20 due to A20 Roundhill Tunnel being closed. Operation Brock is the official name for traffic calming measures when there is cross-Channel disruption at the Port of Dover or Eurotunnel. It employs a contraflow system on the London-bound carriageway of the M20 between J8 and J9. Lorries heading to the Port of Dover or Eurotunnel is sent down the coastbound carriageway with a 30mph speed limit in place. All other traffic uses the contraflow.  The M20, A20, and A2 have been affected at the Port of Dover due to reduced ferry movement at the Eastern Docks, according to KentLive. This is due to P&O Ferries not operating with its vessels undergoing safety reviews. It is not known when they will be reinstated. Kent Traffic Information is reporting that traffic is being diverted from M20 J8 via the A20 to re-join the M20 at J9. Cross Channel freight traffic is being diverted off the M20 at the J8 exit slip and directed back on by police to join the Brock system.   READ ABOUT A BOY KILLED IN A COT ACCIDENT It is warning of long delays on the approach and has urged motorists to allow extra time for their journeys and to expect delays in the surrounding area. The chaos comes after severe delays and congestion on routes to Dover from Friday and over the weekend, leading to a backlog of Dover-bound freight traffic.  DON'T MISS: Police launch urgent hunt after woman seen ‘assaulting baby' [REPORT] Prince Harry favourability PLUMMETS as royal fans turn on Duke [REVEALED] China horror as prisoners have organs harvested while still alive [LATEST]  KRF said further reduction of services, coupled with the existing impact of suspended P&O ferry services and snow related traffic incidents, resulted in widespread traffic disruption, especially on approaches to Dover. It added the Operation Brock barrier was in place as a precautionary measure ahead of the Easter holiday getaway period and while P&O ferry services were out of service.   "At times over the past week we have been plunged back into the worst days of Operation Stack, with the M20 closed completely between Junctions 8 and 9." KRF Strategic Planning Lead, Simon Jones, said in a statement: "The impact the traffic disruption had on residents who were unable to go about their daily lives was significant, whilst the frustrations of HVG drivers and hauliers was understandable considering the delays encountered." He vowed that KRF would review the measures to minimise the impact on communities and improve traffic flow. Mr Jones said: "While every effort is being made to mitigate the risk of further disruption to the road network, we have to be prepared for the possibility of further hold-ups continuing over the Easter holidays.    "With the return of tourist traffic across the Channel and the continued reduction to ferry services, the threat remains that journey will take longer than planned." Mr Green said: "I accept this is a very unusual situation but I want to make sure this is a unique situation so it doesn’t happen again because there will be problems again at Dover or at the tunnel. "What has happened over the past week has been clearly unsatisfactory and we should make every effort to make sure it doesn’t happen again. When Brock works, it is much better, but in this case it didn’t when we have all been promised it should. "I don’t want to replace Brock, I want it to work."    