French actor Gaspard Ulliel gave one of his last performances in the third episode of Moon Knight as Anton Mogart, also known as Midnight Man in the Marvel comics. The Disney Plus series paid its respects to the star in this week’s instalment of the blockbuster miniseries, and the show’s fans took to Twitter to send their own tributes. Moon Knight ended its third episode this week with the title card “In Memory of Gaspard Ulliel” after the credits. In The Friendly Type, Marc Spector/Steven Grant (played by Oscar Isaac) heads to Cairo in pursuit of Arthur Harrow (Ethan Hawke). There he meets Gaspard’s character, Anton, the owner of a sarcophagus which could be the key to stopping Arthur’s plan. Gaspard died at the age of 37 in January this year after sustaining serious injuries in a skiing accident. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait Subscribers who tuned in to the episode on Wednesday have shared their heartfelt reactions to the tribute in celebration of his career in US and French media. @MCUMarvels tweeted: “Appreciation post for Gaspard Ulliel. I wish we could’ve seen more of him and for him to see the love he’d receive. What a great final performance he’s blessed us with.” “I really, really liked Gaspard's performance in this episode,” @TheBatmanfp added. “Such a talented man gone way too soon. May he rest in peace.” @MynameisVador said: “Thank you #MoonKnight for the last message and shot of the outro, for Gaspard.” “Feels so sad watching Gaspard Ulliel in his final television role,” @BuzzFeedObi wrote. “Love that this most recent episode, his first and perhaps only appearance in the series, is dedicated to him.” And Tina Tengra said: “Gaspard Ulliel was incredible in the #Moonknight episode, gone too soon. Rest in peace, Midnight Man.” Outside his work with Marvel, Gaspard achieved international recognition for portraying a young Hannibal Lecter in the 2007 prequel film, Hannibal Rising. DON'T MISS:Richard Hammond brands new show ‘best gig in the world’ [COMMENT]Nick Ferrari slammed after claiming nurses ‘drank prosecco’ [REACTION]The Walking Dead’s Maggie star ‘hated’ Negan scene in 11B finale [INTERVIEW] He also played one of the world’s greatest fashion designers, Yves Saint Laurent, in the 2014 French biopic Saint Laurent, and appeared in films such as It’s Only the End of the World and Brotherhood of the Wolf. Moon Knight fan @FlSTOFKHONSHU tweeted: “Rest In Peace Gaspard Ulliel. “Such a shame, I think they definitely planned to use Anton more in the future with him eventually getting his comic accurate Midnight Man suit. “But I’m so grateful for Gaspard blessing the show with the small time we did get to see him.” In the original comics, Anton also goes by his criminal alias Midnight Man, a costumed villain who faces off against Moon Knight when he’s not seeking the world’s most valuable treasures. Anton made his live-action debut in the Disney+ series, fittingly as the owner of an ancient sarcophagus who brawls with Marc/Steven. He may only appear in one episode of the show, as Anton seems to be killed at the end of his skirmish with Moon Knight. However, Midnight Man was later resurrected in the comics after being killed during a similar encounter with Moon Knight, so there could be a chance he pops up later in the series. Gaspard will also appear in the French films More Than Ever and the part-animated, part-live-action Coma, both releasing posthumously later this year. Moon Knight continues Wednesdays on Disney Plus.