It has been claimed that fashion entrepreneur Victoria Beckham was keen to create a wedding dress for daughter-in-law Nicola Peltz, only to be disappointed when she shunned her brand and opted for a Valentino gown instead. However it seems that she has a very close connection with younger son Romeo's girlfriend Mia, who was dubbed the "it girl of lockdown three" in the media. Mia has a lot in common with the Beckham matriarch, as both have a passion for fashion which they have made their careers. She first entered the fashion industry at the tender age of 12, after being scouted at the Birmingham Clothes Show by top modelling agency Storm. The youngster now works as a model and influencer who often travels the world on assignments for glossy fashion magazine Vogue. She has modelled Victoria's outfits in the past, and she and Romeo were photographed together for the first time ever when they attended one of his mum's shows. READ NOW: Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore Mia's career highlights include designing a campaign for style giant Balmain, and she has been dubbed the latest "it girl" by high society mag Tatler. However, she is reported to be "very different" from Brooklyn's wife Nicola Peltz-Beckham. While Mia and Victoria have bonded over clothing, Nicola is believed to be more focused on her acting career than her outfit choices. Meanwhile, Nicola is the daughter of a billionaire and her wedding to Brooklyn took place in one of her father's mansions - a £76 million ocean-front villa in Florida - but Mia comes from far more humble roots. Her father is a fundraising manager for an ambulance service and she was born in the small town of Chippenham in Wiltshire, not far from the heart of the Cotswolds. While Nicola's family wealth dwarfs that of the Beckhams, it seems that Romeo's potential wedding to Mia is likely to be more low-key than his brother's £3 million affair. However, despite the 19-year-old pair's young age, marriage is reportedly on the cards. A source recently elaborated to The Mirror on her introduction to the family, stating the couple wanted a "long term future" and had called each other their "soulmate". DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast's Naga Munchetty inundated shares health update [UPDATE] Ulrika Jonsson's racy ‘nip slip’ landed her in trouble with daughter [INSIGHT] Piers Morgan slams claims Prince Harry is ‘protecting' the Queen [DEBATE]  "Marrying quickly and young seems to be in the Beckham tradition," they said. "They are besotted with each other and are definitely in it for life. "They also talked about how much they want a big family and can’t wait to get started." The source continued: "Mia is a very different woman to Nicola Peltz and has always stated she would like to marry in Britain, making for a far more casual and low-key wedding to the one Nicola and Brooklyn had." The pair apparently first discussed marriage on a family holiday, although the source says that Romeo was keen to avoid "taking the limelight away" from his brother and has opted to wait - for now. However the links between Victoria and Mia continue to develop. Mia has used her platform as an influencer to promote Victoria's clothing, while her artwork was featured in a 2020 drop by the ex-Spice Girl. Photos have even emerged on Instagram of the model replicating Victoria's famous high kick pose while clad in fitness-wear from her Reebok range, with besotted Romeo standing alongside her. She captioned the photo "Work in progress #VBpose." If speculation can be believed, the loved-up pair's wedding might be a current work in progress, too.