Liverpool legend Mark Lawrenson claims Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane in particular won't be "bothered" about Jurgen Klopp's new contract - and instead will be waiting for their own. Both players see their current deals at Anfield expire at the end of next season. Salah's future has been a huge topic of discussion in recent months. The Egyptian is the leading goalscorer in the Premier League this season and is the favourite to be crowned PFA Player of the Year after winning the FWA Footballer of the Year on Friday. Klopp penned a new deal at Liverpool on Thursday, extending his deal from 2024 to 2026. Lawrenson admits it is good news for his former side as they aim to keep continuity in the dugout for the coming seasons. However, he believes the news will not be particularly massive in the dressing room, especially with Salah and Mane. Lawrenson told Stadium Astro: "I don't think the players bother about that. I think they're probably thinking 'where's my new contract?'. READ MORE: Man Utd’s intentions for replacing Matt Judge explained as Erik ten Hag prepares for job  "Well certainly Salah and Mane are, obviously. [Klopp's contract is] nice for the club isn't it, because it's obviously a continuation. "I think it's more for the supporters, they're thinking 'Klopp's here forever, long may it be that way'. His existing contract still had quite a while to run anyway. "People forget Mane, Mane's contract is exactly the same as Salah's but it's always 'Salah, Salah, Salah, Salah'. But Mane's just as important as Salah is." Mane is Liverpool's third-top scorer this season with 20 goals in all competitions, 10 behind Salah's tally. The Reds are aiming to win an unprecedented quadruple. DON'T MISSBarcelona ‘interested in two Man Utd players’ as Frenkie de Jong talks could begin in days [RUMOUR]Liverpool player ratings vs Newcastle: Milner and usual suspect shine in crucial win [REACTION]What Man Utd players ‘accuse each other of’ as Ralf Rangnick behaviour details emerge [REPORT]  And Lawrenson, who won five league titles with the club in the 1980s, says they will surpass all previous Liverpool sides if they pull off the unthinkable this season. He added: "Oh it's right up there. If they go and get the quadruple, then they will be the best ever because it's almost impossible. "Three of the competitions are cup competitions and you can just have a bad day and get knocked out. It would be a fabulous achievement but also they've got no injuries. "And actually, when you look at the team sheet, they've got two teams. You might argue that Liverpool's second team is almost as good as their first team." Liverpool returned to the top of the Premier League on Saturday with a 1-0 win at in-form Newcastle.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here