Prince Charles and Camilla got married on April 9, 2005 and celebrated their 17th wedding anniversary over the weekend. Although, this year, the day would have been bittersweet for the couple as it was exactly one year since the passing of his Charles' late father, the Duke of Edinburgh. Speaking on the latest episode of the Royally Obsessed podcast, hosts Roberta Fiorito and Rachel Bowie discussed the April 9 royal clash. Ms Fiorito said: "The only other mention I want to make about April 9, it is does overlap with Charles and Camilla's wedding anniversary" "Also looking back on royal history, they are celebrating 17 years together" "They got married on April 9, 2005". Ms Bowie added: "I don't want to laugh this because we are talking a sad this week in royal history, but its just 'of course, its Charles" "Where his wedding anniversary is also his dad's passing". READ MORE: Archie Harrison's surname sparked heated royal row with Queen and Philip Ms Bowie continued: "You (Roberta) and I were kind of like 'it would be Charles". "Poor Charles", claims Rachel. Ms Bowie said: "He can't catch a break" "It is a very somber occasion you can't control". The pair also mentioned how the royal couple postponed their wedding in 2005 after the death of Pope John Paul II. READ MORE: 'Don't be ridiculous' Camilla slaps down 'pompous' Charles over gin and tonic demand Instead of celebrating their wedding, Prince Charles flew to Rome to represent the Queen. The original date for the wedding of Prince Charles and Camilla was April 8, 2005. Last year, on their 16th wedding anniversary, they did not mark their anniversary on social media. Instead, they followed other royal accounts on Twitter and Instagram in sharing a black and white portrait of Philip, with the news of his death. The following day after his father's death, Charles appeared outside his home in Highgrove, Gloucestershire, where he paid a heartfelt tribute to his father. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] It has been announced that Prince Charles and Camilla will visit Canada in May, as part of the celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Queen Elizabeth II marked 70 years as monarch in early February. Prince Charles and Camilla will be making stops in Newfoundland, Ottawa and the Northwest Territories during their tour, according to a news release from Clarence House.