The debut season of NCIS Hawaii has proven the ever-expanding CBS franchise is still as strong as ever with Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey) and the rest of the team already confirmed to return for a second season. However, before season two can get underway, there’s the not-so-small matter of how the first run will come to an end. And now, with the finale titled Ohana scheduled to air on May 23, the first details have emerged - and it promises to be a big episode for Lucy Tara (Yasmine Al-Bustami) and Kate Whistler (Tori Anderson). Whistler and Tara’s secret romance had NCIS Hawaii fans swooning early on in the show’s debut season. While Tara was keen to share their blossoming romance with the world, Whistler had reservations. However, as the pair’s bond grew and grew, the idea of a Whistler/Tara romance being out in the open became a real possibility. That was until Whistler’s secret girlfriend Cara (Juliana Folk) rocked up to her Hawaii apartment after flying in from Washington. READ MORE: NCIS season 19: McGee set for heartwarming plot as child joins cast Cara and Tara met for the first time when the NCIS agent arrived to meet with her new flame - only to be gobsmacked to find her partner there. “I didn’t know that she was coming,” Whistler tried to defend but Tara pointed out: “Well, I didn’t know she existed!” Whistler attempted to defend keeping Cara’ existence a secret by explaining that she thought the romance was done. However, it became clear that Whistler’s ambiguous ending to her time with Cara in Washington wasn’t reciprocated in the same way. What followed was Tara telling Whistler she was done with the relationship, leaving fans in tears. However, ever since, Whistler has been pulling out all the stops to try and show how much Tara means to her. But as NCIS Hawaii edges closer to its first season finale, Tara remains unmoved on the issue - but could that all change in the last episode? The synopsis released from CBS certainly appears to hint so as it tees up an intriguing Whistler and Tara storyline. DON'T MISS:NCIS finale delay: When will NCIS season 19's final episode air?NCIS LA season 13: Callen and Anna on verge of splitNCIS LA: Why did Esai Morales leave NCIS as Louis Ochoa? The plot line reads: “Captain Milius (Enver Gjokaj) continues to work with Tennant and her team in the aftermath of the prisoner exchange between US and eastern Europe. “Also, Whistler takes Ernie’s advice and makes a grand gesture in the hope of winning back Lucy.” But what exactly will this grand gesture be and will it be enough to finally win Tara over? It definitely bodes well for fans of the romance and Matt Mitrovich for TV Line also reported some rather encouraging news. “I am hearing that the last three episodes of the season really lean into the Kate/Lucy storyline,” he said during his Inside Scoop column. “The exes will be forced to face their feelings for each other — as well as face the risk of losing each other. “By all accounts, one sequence in particular in the May 23 finale will have ‘shippers talking….” Fans will have to wait until the very last episode of NCIS Hawaii to find out if Tara and Whistler will head into season two as a fully-fledged couple. NCIS Hawaii airs Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.