Piers Morgan has condemned the actions of the Academy Awards who have barred Will Smith, 53, from attending their events despite the Hollywood actor's resignation. The former Good Morning Britain presenter blasted the Oscars for not taking the same stance with convicted sex offender Roman Polanski. The board of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, which organises the Oscars, announced the decision after meeting to discuss possible sanctions following the star's outburst at the event. Will can no longer attend any Academy events, including the Oscars, for 10 years after slapping comedian Chris Rock on stage at the ceremony. Earlier this month, the King Richard actor resigned his membership from the Academy, giving up his voting rights and added he would accept the consequences of his actions. Taking to Twitter today, Piers, 57, hit out at the decision in view of his 7.9 million followers. READ MORE: Michael Bublé in disbelief over Elton John's help amid son's cancer He tweeted: "BREAKING: Will Smith banned by the Hollywood Academy, 12 days after he slapped Chris Rock. "It took the same Academy 40 years to ban Roman Polanski after he was convicted of raping a child." Film director Polanski, 88, fled the US while awaiting final sentencing, having pleaded guilty to unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor in 1978. Piers had previously addressed the incident in question in a recent column where he defended Will and slated the Oscars for their "nauseating hypocrisy".   He wrote: "Astonishingly, Polanski remained a member of the Academy until 2018, when public pressure sparked by the #MeToo campaign finally forced Hollywood to pretend it had morals. "Until then, the board of governors — many of whom are now expressing their horror at The Slap — saw no reason to remove him from its membership which is hardly surprising when you learn that among their number is Whoopi Goldberg who said of Polanski’s conviction: 'I know it wasn’t rape-rape. It was something else'." He continued: "So, spare me Hollywood’s sudden moral seizure over Will Smith slapping a guy for mocking his wife Jada Pinkett Smith." DON'T MISS... Will Smith banned from Oscars and all Academy events for 10 years[LATEST]'Ridiculous display of ego' Jada Pinkett hated Will Smith's 2011 gift[INSIGHT]Richard Madeley proposed to wife Judy three weeks into 'affair'[ADMISSION] Polanski was arrested in Switzerland in 2009 on a warrant for his 1977 crime, where he drugged and raped a 13-year-old-girl. He admitted to the crime in the 70s but before he received his full sentence, he fled America and never returned in a bid to avoid conviction. Despite his accusation, Piers pointed out: "Hollywood carried on hiring Polanski to direct movies from his European exile, and in 2003, it awarded him the Oscar for Best Director at the Academy Awards for his work on The Pianist". The Talk TV presenter ended his column in the New York Post by saying: "The truth is that Hollywood wouldn’t know morality if it was slapped around its collective two faces. "That’s why the campaign to cancel Will Smith is so pathetic." Following Piers' initial tweet, social media users reacted to the post. Twitter user, Random Bloke tweeted: "I thought [Will] had resigned?" Bashi commented: "And they believe they are consistent," while Knock Out Ken added: "No surprises..." 