Liverpool duo Diogo Jota and Sadio Mane will need to be wary of picking up a yellow card in their Champions League quarter-final second leg with Benfica tonight (8pm). The duo will miss the first leg of a potential semi-final if they receive a caution at Anfield. The Reds lead 3-1 from the first leg after goals from Ibrahima Konate, Mane and Luis Diaz. Although Darwin Nunez scored for the Portuguese outfit, Liverpool are heavily fancied to set up a semi-final tie against Villarreal after Diaz restored a two-goal advantage late on in Lisbon. Villarreal meanwhile stunned Bayern Munich on Tuesday night and lie in wait later this month. The winner between Liverpool and Benfica will host the Spanish side on Wednesday April 27 before travelling to Spain for the second leg a week later on May 4. But if Jota or Mane receive a yellow card against Benfica this evening, they will pick up a one-match suspension and be ruled out of that semi-final first leg if Liverpool beat Benfica. The pair have both accumulated two Champions League yellows so far this season. Those yellow cards are wiped after the quarter-final stage however and so no player will be walking a disciplinary tightrope in the semi-finals. But a yellow picked up tonight would still incur a suspension in the next round despite that. Mane has 16 goals this season with three in Europe while Jota is on 21 across all competitions with just one coming in the Champions League. Either would be a big loss to Jurgen Klopp were they missing at home to Villarreal. Both forwards are expected to be involved in some capacity against Benfica while Diaz and Roberto Firmino will also hope for minutes. It remains to be seen if Mohamed Salah, whose form has dipped in recent weeks, will feature or be rested. MORE CHAMPIONS LEAGUE NEWS...Thomas Tuchel tears into ref after Real Madrid knock Chelsea outVillarreal ace Capoue rubs salt in Bayern boss Nagelsmann's woundsChelsea quartet proved they have future under Thomas Tuchel  Liverpool can make five substitutions in the match and so Klopp is expected to rotate his starting line-up. The Reds drew 2-2 with Manchester City in a Premier League epic on Sunday and face the same opponents in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley this Saturday. Liverpool take on Benfica looking to reach their 20th European semi-final and their 12th in the European Cup, which would equal the record for an English club. But Klopp warned: "We have to be on top of the game. The main target is, again our headline, being the one team nobody wants to play against – and that Benfica don't want to play against. "Like, really aggressive in a football sense against the ball, really defending them, knowing more about what they play. We altogether have to make sure they really feel this is a place you don't want to go. "You want to go for whatever, sentiment or something like that, but you don't want to play them [Liverpool] there – that's what we have to be. Really on our toes, really angry in a good way, they want to kick us out of the competition, so we have to be ready for these kind of things. I really hope we are." 