Several regions across the UK are currently suffering ongoing and unplanned power outages, as UK Power Networks has announced over 50 postcodes have been affected. More than half of the power cuts have taken place in Essex, while Peterborough, Norfolk and East Sussex are greatly impacted, too. READ MORE: Thousands of homes in DOZENS of regions without power in huge outage  The power cuts have been caused by varying reasons according to the UK Power Networks. These include high voltage overhead electricty line faults; faulty underground electricity cables; and emergency repairing of the electricity network. Engineers are currently investigating the lines, predicting times varying across areas from 8:30pm to 12:00am, and some unconfrimed, for electricity to be restored. To find out exactly why your postcode has been affected and when power is predicted to return, click here.      Power cut risks increased over winter, as the National Grid attributed to the energy crisis impacting the scale of production. In October 2021, the National's Grid carried out its annual assessment of the UK's resilience to disruption to electricity supplies, and found the key “margin” figure falling to its lowest in five years. It said the amount of reserve electricity supply that could be called upon was expected to be 6.6 percent of demand, but could fall as low as 4.2 percent. It was believed there was enough slack in the system to avoid blackouts affecting households and factories, but conditions had worsened since previously predicted in July 2021.  Just last week, London faced a major blackout affecting over 40 postcodes. The outage wrecked havoc across homes and offices amid reports that Canary Wharf hadn't experienced a cut that severe in decades. Several banks relied on auxiliary generators to keep their trading teams on site, while others were forced to work from home. The outage also majorly impacted a few of London's key roads; it closed the Rotherhithe and Blackwall tunnels in both directions well into rush hour. The London Fire Brigade (LFB) confirmed the power cut was caused by a blaze in Castor Lane in Poplar. DON'T MISS: Putin so toxic that Shell sacrifices $5bn to avoid Russian oil [INSIGHT]Macron 'throwing dummy out the pram' by blocking energy strategy [ANALYSIS]How much does it cost to boil a kettle? Two ways to slash costs [EXPLAINED]   