The World Cup may still be many months away, but the groups have already been drawn for Qatar 2022, with some intruiging match-ups already scheduled for November. England may have learned their fate, but there is a lot more to unpack from Friday's group stage draw. There may be issues surrounding the host nation of Qatar away from the field, but the action on the pitch is poised to be extremely entertaining. And qualified nations have now learned their group fate ahead of the first World Cup to be held in an Arabic country. France go into the tournament as the reigning champions, as they look to retain the ultimate crown for the first time since 1962, when Brazil won two in a row. But England will be hoping that it could finally be their year after making the semi-finals in 2018, before reaching the final of the European Championships in the summer of 2021. Here Express Sport takes a look at five intriguing factors to take away from Friday's draw now that the World Cup groups have been decided. READ MORE: World Cup 2022 draw LIVE: England find out Qatar group opponents One of the most eye-catching match-ups is in a star-studded Group H, as Ghana and Uruguay will face one another for the first time since 2010. The African side were the surprise package of the tournament 12 years ago and were denied a dream semi-final spot thanks to the hands of Luis Suarez. The Uruguayan took on the role of the goalkeeper as he desperately batted away an effort that was goal-bound, resulting in a blatant red card, but Ghana missed the resulting penalty. Ghana then went on to lose the quarter-final on penalties, as Uruguay were slammed for cheating their way through to the last four. Uruguay subsequently lost in the next round, but it was heartbreak for Ghana who had the whole of their continent behind them with the tournament held in South Africa. But they will have a chance to seek revenge against Uruguay and Suarez as they will meet in the group stages in November. DON'T MISSQatar being in draw pot with England proves how wrong World Cup is [COMMENT]Mane and Salah’s pact of silence can help Liverpool's title push [NEWS]How to buy World Cup 2022 tickets as England set to learn Qatar fate [EXPLAINER] Over the past two months, Liverpool pals and team-mates Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah have faced off in crucial international matches, with Senegal getting the better of Egypt on both occasions. After winning the Africa Cup of Nations of penalties against Salah's side, the two sides met once again with a place at the World Cup up for grabs. Egypt were again beaten on penalties, but Mane will be facing another familiar face in November as he prepares to face-off against Virgil van Dijk. The Netherlands have been drawn in Group A alongside Qatar, Senegal and Ecuador, meaning that Mane will again be looking to get the better of his Liverpool pal. With both Senegal and the Netherlands favourites to progress to the knockout stages, their match-up may not lead to a potential upset, but Mane will have to put domestic proceedings to one side yet again. And if he is to find success, he must get past one of the best centre-backs in world football. England fans revelled in joy as they were drawn in what appears to be a favourable group alongside the United States, Iran and one of either Ukraine, Scotland or Wales. However, history suggests that the US are somewhat of a bogey team for England, and when they last faced them in 2010 they caused issues. The Three Lions have never beaten the US in the World Cup, and their most recent meeting in 2010 ended in a 1-1 draw after Rob Green's infamous howler meant that England eventually settled for second in their group. Second place meant that a last 16 clash against Germany followed, and England were thumped 4-1. Despite England supposedly housing a 'golden generation' across the 2006 and 2010 tournaments, Gareth Southgate's current squad have made it much further in recent years. But the current crop must be wary of the threat that the US can impose if they are to end England's poor run against the States. The World Cup brings great recent memories for the French national team, as they head into the tournament as reigning champions. They'll be looking to retain their title, although of course their squad may be a little different four years on, but their group is strangely similar to the one they were drawn in back in 2018. For the 2018 World Cup in Russia, France were drawn alongside Denmark, Peru and Australia, and Les Bleus will face-off against the Danes yet again, with one of their former group members likely to qualify too. Peru will face either Australia or UAE for a place in Group D, meaning that it's likely three of the four teams that made up the group in 2018 will be brought together again. It could be a positive omen for France, who topped the group with seven points back in 2018, and they marched on to win the World Cup after knocking out the likes of Argentina, and Belgium on their way to the final. And with a disappointing exit to Switzerland in the European Championships, they'll be keen to bounce back in Qatar. Belgium are still yet to achieve anything on the international stage, and their current 'golden generation' is quickly fading as their biggest stars continue to age. The Red Devils have been amongst the tournament favourites over the past few competitions, but consistently fall short, with their third-placed finish in 2018 their greatest ever achievement. With Kevin De Bruyne, Romelu Lukaku, Eden Hazard and Thibaut Courtois, Belgium are flooded with stars, but it just goes to show that individual talent doesn't amount to team success. But Belgium have been given a rather favourable draw compared to some of their tournament rivals, boosting their chances of another push for success, Belgium have been drawn alongside Canada, Morocco and Croatia, and they are overwhelming favourites to top the group in style. It's Canada's first World Cup since 1986, and although Croatia were the runners-up in 2018, their 'golden generation' has also passed, with their talisman Luka Modric now set to be 37 by the time Qatar 2022 rolls round. Morocco can pack a punch, but Belgium will be targeting nine points from their group, and they will be hoping it can send them on their way to potential success. Roberto Martinez' future is likely to hinge on their performance, and it may be Belgium's greatest ever chance.