Princess Beatrice, the Duke of York’s eldest daughter, was overcome with emotion just moments after her grandmother, the Queen, entered the Abbey, flanked by Prince Andrew. Beatrice, 33, then tried to hide the display of sadness, comforted by her husband, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. The middle Cambridge child then looked at her father’s cousin and smiled broadly as Beatrice sent the younger royal a quick grin as a hymn played through the Abbey. Body language expert Judi James suggested Princess Beatrice and Charlotte’s adorable interaction could have been prompted by the elder royal’s visible upset. She told the Mirror: "Judging from the strength of her tears it is possible she might have been heard sobbing, and this could have prompted little Charlotte to turn to see if she was OK. "Children can be very tuned into adult emotions and also lack the adult skills of ignoring displays out of politeness. "Beatrice’s response was a lightning smile, i.e. one that flashed up quickly, in what could have been a desire to reassure Charlotte that she was OK." Royal fans cooed over Princess Charlotte, six, who was praised for how she navigated the event at such a young age. Princess Charlotte attended the service alongside brother Prince George, eight, and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. The youngest Cambridge prince, three-year-old Louis, did not join his siblings and parents for the service. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice broke royal tradition with outfit at Philip memorial Prince George looked smart in a navy suit and tie, with Charlotte by his side in a dark blue coat and tights. The young royals attracted a wave of appreciation on social media, with Twitter user Kayla Adams praising: “Prince George and Princess Charlotte are so grown up.” She added in a separate post, with footage of the moment Charlotte and Beatrice swapped smiles: “Such a sweet moment [...] look at them.” @DianaDZ007 posted: “Prince George and Princess Charlotte are so big!” DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Beatrice's 'risky gesture' to Andrew and Queen [LIVE] Prince Harry in ‘critical phase’ amid family fallout after Duke mis... [ANALYSIS]Harry 'really down' about not returning for Philip's memorial - claim [INSIGHT] Royal fan account @loveforcambridg commented: "Prince George and Princess Charlotte were so well behaved at Westminster Abbey. “They definitely made their parents proud.” After the Cambridges reached their seats, the Queen, 95, entered the venue through a separate entrance. She was helped to her place by her son, Prince Andrew, and the use of a walking stick. She appeared sombre in a smart dark green outfit, just separated from the rows of chairs. The Service hoped to “give thanks for His Royal Highness’s dedication to his family, to the Nation and to the Commonwealth as both Consort to Queen and a working member of the Royal Family in his own right”, a Palace statement said ahead of the service.