The latest entry in the Marvel Cinematic Universe has been leaving comic book aficionados and newcomers alike scratching their heads with each new episode on Disney+. In the latest episode of Moon Knight, Steven Grant (played by Oscar Isaac) finally met his alter-ego Marc Spector in person after his apparent death, but is everything truly what it appears? Oscar wanted fans to feel just as disoriented as Steven/Marc during the latest episode of Moon Knight, The Tomb. “I remember I really wanted to stay in that drugged mode,” he said of his dual performance in episode four. Having been stripped of the powers of Konshu (F Murray Abraham), the dissociating hero once again finds himself up against the mild-mannered cultist, Arthur Harrow (Ethan Hawke). Arthur seemingly kills Marc by shooting him point-blank in the chest, but he wakes up moments later in a chilling mental health facility. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ From there, he meets up with Layla (May Calamawy), now a fellow mental health patient, and discovers his other persona, Steven Grant, is now an Indiana Jones-inspired action movie hero. Eventually, Marc finds the real Steven entombed in a sarcophagus, and they share a passionate embrace before attempting to escape the facility and running into a giant hippo god. Oscar continued: “I came to set in my all-white, greyish clothes, and I could feel people were like, 'Whoa, he looks effed up, man.’” The Dune and Star Wars star plays against type as the soft-spoken and bumbling museum gift shop worker Steven, though he plays up his Hollywood charm as Marc, a skilled and sarcastic mercenary. However, his performance is taken one step further in this week’s episode, as Oscar performs opposite himself throughout much of the episode. Rather than being shot by Arthur, it appears Steven/Marc may have been drugged and forced to dredge through the darkest recesses of his own mind. Viewers were then pulled along a rollercoaster ride through their psyche in Moon Knight’s latest outing, and the leading man hoped they felt just as confused as the show’s unconventional hero. “I wanted it to feel like the audience is just as drugged as Marc is in that moment,” he added. DON'T MISS:NCIS: LA’s LL Cool J lines up new TV role [LATEST]Yellowstone season 5 theory: Monica’s death sealed by vision clues [THEORY]Russian Doll’s Maxine star on season 2 filming ‘challenge’ [INTERVIEW] “It's a total mind melt that happens when you realise the possibility that everything you've been watching is not what you thought it was.” By the end of the episode, Steven and Marc have stumbled across yet another sarcophagus with another mysterious figure trapped inside. Could this be yet another of Steven/Marc’s identities? Directors Aaron Moorhead and Justin Benson are keeping their lips sealed for the time being. Aaron teased: “I think if you were surprised by episode four, get ready to be surprised again by episodes five and six.” “I know it just sounds like a nice little tag, but I promise you that's actually the case.” From a pantheon of Egyptian gods to Oscar’s multi-levelled performance, Moon Knight has fast become one of Marvel’s most inventive projects to date. Hopefully, the final two episodes keep up the momentum, as improving on this week’s trippy dive through Steven/Marc’s mind will be no small feat. Moon Knight continues Wednesdays on Disney+.