Princess Anne is a "real work horse" at the age of 71, royal commentator and historian Dr Ed Owens told Express.co.uk referring to the princess' commitment to duty and the elevated number of engagements she carries out every year. Moreover, he added, the Princess Royal is also the member of the Royal Family to have followed more strictly the blueprint of monarchy set by her mother the Queen. Dr Owens said: "She is a real work horse, she more than any other members of the British Royal Family has uphold the model of monarchy promoted by her own mother. "She is quite a private individual, but is constantly performing her royal duties and involved in lots of royal engagements." Over the past years, Princess Anne has consistently been among the senior royals carrying out the highest number of official duties. The royal normally carries out her duties far from the spotlight, with royal fans learning about her work only after an engagement has been completed either via the Royal Family Twitter account or the Court Circular, which registers all the official duties undertaken by full-time working members of the Firm. Last year alone, Princess Anne completed well over 360 engagements. The royal is also the champion of more than 300 organisations - whose focus range from agriculture, sports, health and education. One of the biggest and most famous associations supported by Princess Anne is Save the Children UK. The Princess Royal served as the charity's president between 1970 and 2017 - when she took over the role of patron from the Queen. READ MORE: Lorraine baffled by Queen's decision to put Andrew front and centre With Save the Children, Anne has travelled across the world to see first-hand the work done by the charity and the help needed. Speaking about her own work with the charity, Anne said: "I am proud of my long association with Save the Children, and I am honoured to succeed Her Majesty as its Patron. "It is an organisation that embodies a spirit of compassion, openness and excellence. "Its values are an inspiration; its achievements, a source of hope for millions of children.   "From significantly reducing malnutrition in some of the poorest parts of Bangladesh to sheltering, feeding and vaccinating the young people affected by the devastating winds and rain of typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines and ensuring children in the UK leave primary school reading competently and able to fulfil their potential, their efforts to ensure that every child survives to live a happy, healthy life are outstanding." Dr Owens isn't the only royal commentator to see similarities between the way the Queen and Anne work. Royal author Robert Hardman said both mother and daughter don't pursue the limelight and prefer to focus on duty. He recently told OK! magazine: "Anne is a lot like her mother. "They have that capacity for hard work, no interest at all in the limelight. "They’re very good at compartmentalising so if things go wrong, they park the bad stuff and get on with the job because they’ve got to." On the other hand, Princess Anne took after her late father a no-nonsense approach to work and life. Moreover, the pair used to share a keen interest in sports, science and technology. Princess Anne was one of the several royals who paid tribute to the life and legacy of the Duke of Edinburgh on Tuesday. The Princess Royal joined her mother the Queen and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, in wearing a green outfit as a way to honour Prince Philip, as that was his livery colour - known as Edinburgh Green.