Former F1 world champion Mika Hakkinen has expressed his concerns over the title chances of reigning champion Max Verstappen. Hakkinen, 53, has been closely following the progress of the Dutchman this season as he bids to defend his title, but he has endured an indifferent start.  The 24-year-old’s car gave out due to a fuel pump issue in the closing stages of the Bahrain GP, causing him to retire from the race. The following week he prevailed in an epic duel with Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc to win the Saudi Arabia Grand Prix, before suffering another DNF this past weekend in Australia. Verstappen is not happy with his team’s reliability issues and the 1998 and 1999 champion understands his frustration. "What's important is that Charles has taken two wins and a second place from these first three Grands Prix, while Max Verstappen has had one win and two non-finishes", Hakkinen wrote in his column for Unibet. "At this level you cannot afford to have constant technical failures. Max will not be happy." The Red Bull driver labelled his retirement in Melbourne as "pretty frustrating and unacceptable" and also voiced concerns about his title prospects. JUST IN: Charles Leclerc can learn Lewis Hamilton lesson to avoid Max Verstappen issue in next race   “We are already so far down in the championship that from now onwards basically you first need to be faster than them (Ferrari), which we're not, and zero problems with the car which we also don't have," Verstappen said. "So it's going to be a big task. It was just a terrible race, just no pace. I couldn't push because the tyres were just getting destroyed." He has also been unhappy with his tyres this season and claims he struggles to find any speed. He damningly called his race ‘unacceptable’ in an angry post-race interview. Verstappen told Sky Sports after the race: “Today in general was just a bad day again. Not really having the pace, I was just managing my tyres to try and just bring it to the end because it looked like quite an easy P2 anyway and I knew I could not fight Charles. “So there was no point in trying to put pressure on him. But we didn’t even finish the race so it’s pretty frustrating and unacceptable. I knew there was a problem so it was always going to be a question mark of finishing the race. But these kind of things, if you want to fight for the title, cannot happen.” DON'T MISS   Red Bull’s advisor Helmut Marko, criticised Verstappen’s driving style at the Albert Park this past Sunday. Mark told formula1news: “He goes over the limit – he wants too much. That didn’t work out here in the last sector. “We thought that with the world championship title there would be some calmness from him, but he probably needs another title so that he doesn’t go into qualifying with so much pressure.” Verstappen now finds himself 46 points behind championship leader Leclerc ahead of the next race in Imola on April 24. 