Some 77 percent of people have already started - or are planning to - declutter their homes and raise much needed cash by selling their unwanted stuff on sites like eBay. Tom Nagel has been selling his childhood video games on eBay and has already earnt £600. Growing up in Southampton, 26-year-old Tom was an avid gamer who spent hours every day playing on his Nintendo consoles and GameBoy with his brother and sister. Now a software developer living in Cambridge, Tom recently realised how he could cash in by selling his favourite retro-style games on eBay. He has sold Mario Party 7 for £150 on eBay and the GameCube (Pokémon XD: Gale of Darkness) for £90. The profit he’s made from his new side hustle so far has enabled him and his siblings to have a fun night out in London. READ MORE: Benefit expert shares how to receive £350 per month Tom said he chose eBay because he finds it straightforward and his ads reach lots of people. He added: “It’s not just the money you can make on eBay that is so valuable, but just the variety of used products on offer. “I’m a big proponent of looking for ways to reduce consumption and eBay has not only allowed me to sell niche items, such as my retro video games, but I’ve also recently bought used tech items. “You’d never think you’d find some of these things on eBay but you’d be surprised.’ DON'T MISSPIP claimant 'distraught' after DWP process - 'Debt piling up' [INSIGHT]State pensioners could miss out on pension by giving wrong details [WARNING]PIP claim: 87 conditions that could mean you qualify for £627 a month [UPDATE] Britons can sell all sorts with old musical instruments fetching up to £150, old laptops potentially worth £300 and prams fetching around £70. Most people have an old smartphone lying around the house - selling it on eBay could make someone £153 richer. Even smaller items like books, DVDs and clothing can mean an extra tenner for treats. The money can even be donated to charity as there are 8,000 charities enrolled on eBay. Emma Grant, head of pre-loved at eBay UK said: “We know people around the UK are concerned by the rising cost of living. "While selling unwanted items might not be a solution to the problem at large, it can be an effective way to make some extra cash to go towards bills or contribute to your savings for a holiday this summer. “Simultaneously you might help someone else find something they’ve been looking for, but without the hefty price tag. “A win for you, someone else and the planet alike.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Emma shared some tips to help optimise listings: Rebecca Miller 14 minutes ago “Choose the right category for your product - It might sound obvious but it’s very important to always choose the most specific category to sell in. Make sure if you are selling old children’s clothes, to sell in the children’s fashion category, rather than just fashion in general. “Pictures are important - Most users will not bid on items they cannot see. For best results, take photos in natural light against a neutral background and be honest about any scratches or aesthetic damage to the item. “Be as detailed as possible - Be honest about the condition of the product and be sure to note any wear and tear. By including details that can’t be seen in the image, for example if you are selling clothes noting the feel or fit of the product, you’ll help buyers decide if this is the item for them. “Be realistic with pricing - consider your pricing strategy carefully following the eBay pricing recommendations. Try searching for similar items on eBay, to make sure you’re going for the right price and always ask yourself ‘would I pay this price for this item?” Do you want to share your story with Express Money? Get in touch by emailing personal.finance@reachplc.com. Unfortunately, we cannot respond to every email.