During his NBC Today interview with Hoda Kotb, Prince Harry revealed, at the time, that he "doesn't know yet" whether he and wife Meghan Markle will be visiting the UK to join in the celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee this June. Responding to the Duke's answer, Vanity Fair Royal Editor Katie Nicholl has said he will "regret it" if the couple do not attend. Speaking on GB News, Dan Wootton asked the royal editor: "What do you reckon, do they have to return for this? [the Jubilee]. It might be their last opportunity to be at a major event with the Queen". Ms Nicholl replied: "If they are sensible, which is a big if, I think they will come over. "Let's not forget that their greatest currency is their connection with the Royal Family. "I think it's going to look very strange, particularly to the Americans. "It's going to look very, very strange if they are not there in some capacity". READ MORE: Prince Harry speaks of grief in podcast focused on his new role – 'Body doesn’t forget' She added: "We are not expecting them to be there on an official capacity or representing the Queen. "But I think given that this is going to be her, let's be honest, her final hurrah, this is a Platinum Jubilee celebration, and likes of which we have never seen celebrated in this country before. "You don't want the two anomalies being the Sussexes. She continued: "I think, my understanding is that the Queen wants all of her family there. "Whether that's a balony appearance, or however that's going to be and if Harry and Meghan are not there, I think they are going to regret it. READ MORE: Have Your Say: Is Prince Harry really happy in USA or is he stuck after royal spat? "On top of the regrets of not going to the Prince Philip's Service of Thanksgiving, I think it's going to look very strange indeed". In March, the Royal Family held a memorial service for Harry's grandfather, the late Duke of Edinburgh. The Duke died in April 2021. All of the family, including the Queen, Prince Charles and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, were in attendance. The service, which was held at Westminster Abbey, had almost 2,000 guests in attendance but Prince Harry was notably absent. DON'T MISS Royal rift POLL: Should William work to resolve the feud with Harry? [POLL]Harry not attending Jubilee 'would be greatest gift to give Queen' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's US neighbours 'bristling' - claim [REVEAL] The explanation as to why Prince Harry chose not to attend was the Duke's security concerns for his family which he has expressed numerous times. Harry previously said it would be "unsafe" for him and his family to return to the UK, without police protection officers. During the NBC Today interview, when asked if he and Meghan would be in the UK for the upcoming Jubilee celebrations, the Duke said, "I don’t know yet, there’s lots of things – security issues and everything else.".