Meghan Markle, Duchess of Sussex, recently completed her visit to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games with her husband Prince Harry. Unsurprisingly, Meghan wore some very fashionable outfits during her visit, as the Duchess is famed for her contemporary sense of style. But Meghan made sure to include some subtle tributes to her husband Harry and the Royal Family in her ensembles. After arriving in the Netherlands on Friday, Meghan opted for a white ensemble from top to toe, which included a very familiar pair of shoes. Fashion Expert Commentator, Karine Laudort, told Express.co.uk: "Her all-white power suit was a mixture between her royal style and her trendy California style. "Her outfit was a white double-breasted blazer and tailored trousers by Valentino, studded chain-strap Valentino bag, Aquazzura heels (she also wore [them] on her wedding day), her gold Cartier watch, a Sophie Lis Pendant necklace and a Chiffon pinky ring." According to another fashion expert, Meghan showed she has broken free of the "royal dress code etiquette" she may have followed more when she was a working member of the Royal Family with her Invictus Games outfits.  READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: ‘Cannot compete!’ Stunning Meghan picture reveals Melanie Potro, Personal Brand Stylist for professional women, told Express.co.uk: "Meghan got a better sense of herself during the past 24 months. Her appearance at the Invictus Games shows that her style is hitting her stride. She moves with ease and grace and looks happy, vibrant and full of energy. "She is no longer bound by royal dress code etiquette and her style is contemporary rather than traditional, with clean lines and silhouettes. "I love her white oversized Valentino suit. As a real fashionista, she has the confidence to pull this look off." In addition to re-wearing her wedding heels, Meghan also wore other items with links to the Royal Family for her first day in The Hague.  Ms Potro added: "Nevertheless, Markle made a point of showcasing her close connection to the royals in a different way by displaying pieces that have a personal meaning to her husband and his mother, by wearing a Cartier Tank watch that once belonged to Princess Diana that was given to the Duchess of Sussex as a gift from Prince Harry, and her wedding diamond earrings." According to Ms Laudort, Meghan also took the opportunity to show her support for a close friend's jewellery line while out and about on Saturday. Discussing Meghan's day two outfits, she explained: "She wore a monochromatic camel coloured outfit: a Ralph Lauren cashmere coat with a knit turtleneck and pants.  "She then changed into a pair of Moussy vintage jeans with a white tee-shirt paired with a black tween Celine jacket. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry set for major US interview TOMORROW [INSIGHT] Sussex fans rally around Meghan after Europe backlash [ANALYSIS] Why Prince Harry and Meghan struggled to choose Archie's name [EXPLAINER] "For accessories, she opted for a chain strap Triomphe Celine, cap-toed Chanel ballet flats and Linda Farrow aviator glasses. "She wore earrings from her friend Serena Williams’ jewellery line (she has been known to support her friends’ brands/companies in the past). "She then closed out the second day and wore a cream off-the-shoulder Khaite bodysuit with slim black trousers, Manolo Blahnik pumps and a diamond-accented Cartier clou necklace." For her third and final day in the Netherlands on Sunday, Meghan opted for an ivory jacket and a pair of jeans which she paired with pumps. Meghan then changed into a white detailed shift dress, finishing off her look with a dramatic sweep of red lipstick and a pair of brown heels. 