Already, some 20 companies went into administration under unprecedented pressure in 2021. To relieve the burden of the energy crisis, UK ministers have allowed the remaining companies to relieve the burden by boosting their prices by an additional £700 a year. For over 22 million households in the UK, however, these costs could be detrimental. However, some Octopus Energy customers have taken to Twitter to applaud the firm's latest move to help households stay warm without turning on their heating. Leanne Denton wrote: "Just received my heated blanket from Octopus Energy, perfect timing on such a cold day! "Thank you so much. Yet another example of the excellent customer service they offer." READ MORE: How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas Another customer, Amanda added: "Octopus Energy, [I] just wanted to say a big thank you. "Our free heated blanket arrived today and the kids nicked it straight away, they love it. Thank you so much." Many others flocked to the energy supplier's Twitter page to ask how they could get their hands on a free electric blanket. DON'T MISSGardening: ‘Eliminate’ garden weeds within 24 hours using vodka [COMMENT]Is it cheaper to use an electric heater or your gas radiators? [EXPLAINER]Three signs you have carpet beetles and how to get rid of them [INSIGHT] The blankets are currently on sale for £40 on Amazon, however, Octopus Energy has 5,000 to give away to customers who are struggling to pay their bills. Customers can head to the Octopus Energy website and fill out the online assistance tool to apply for a free blanket and other help. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Blankets will go to those who are most in need, depending on how many blankets the firm has left to give away. In a statement on their website, Octopus Energy said: "Please, please get in contact with us if you’re struggling with your bills. There are many ways we can help." The energy supplier will also help customers access funding if they are eligible, find and apply for support through the Warm Home Discount and offer advice on how to spend less on energy.