Darren Bent believes Jamie Carragher was spot on with his assessment of Nuno Tavares, who was hooked at half-time by Mikel Arteta in Arsenal's 3-0 defeat to Crystal Palace. Watching from home, the former England striker had identified the young full-back as the weak link for the Gunners during the trip to Selhurst Park and Arteta was clearly of the same opinion, substituting Tavares during the interval. It was something Carragher had noted during the break before Arteta took action and removed him from the fray as Granit Xhaka slotted in at left-back. "It just felt like I was in a time machine and just watching Arsenal from the start of the season," Bent said on talkSPORT. "I've seen Tavares play twice, I saw him get ruined at Nottingham Forest and then again last night. "And in the commentary Jamie Carragher called it, he said he has to come off at half-time and he did. "He got absolutely ruined, he was out of position and not good enough on the ball. "I know his reputation and people say 'he's going to be a good player' but the drop-off when Kieran Tierney is not playing... "Arsenal also miss Tomiyasu..." Scotland international Tierney could now miss the rest of the season with suspected knee ligament damage. Tierney played 90 minutes in both of Scotland's friendlies against Poland and Georgia before returning to London Colney with the problem. Arteta told Sky Sports: "He came back from international duty and felt something wrong in his knee. "There is some damage there. We will hopefully know more on Tuesday but it's not looking good." As noted by Bent, it's not the first time in recent months that Tavares has struggled for form. He was also substituted in the first half of Arsenal's FA Cup third-round defeat against Forest in January. The decision prompted Tavares to throw his gloves in disgust as he left the field of play. Thomas Partey also picked up an injury in the second half at Selhurst Park which could potentially prevent Xhaka from returning to left-back. Arsenal must now refocus as they look to keep their top-four dream alive. The Gunners face Brighton, Southampton, Chelsea and Manchester United before the end of the month.