Gogglebox’s much-loved Malone family have earned a break after leaving the nation in fits of giggles every week. But parents Tom and Julie were caught in a spot of trouble at airport security while heading to Dublin. Explaining their mishap to their 210k Instagram followers, Julie giggled as she filmed Tom. "Guess who got at Manchester Airport security because he had curling tongs in his bag?” says Tom, who has no hair. “They weren't mine! Christ almighty. “They’re going, ‘Are these your curling tongs?' and I've got to say 'Yeah', cause I packed my own bag apparently!” READ MORE: Michael Bublé says he and wife almost ended their marriage Evidently the owner of said tongs, and the person who packed his bag, Julie chuckled before quizzing her husband on which gate they needed to be at. “Come on, we better go and find out where we’re supposed to be,” she says. Their bad luck didn’t end there. Another video on their account, filmed from their seats, detailed how their plane “broke down” while they were over Wales, on their way back to Manchester after their trip. “We are going back to Dublin, Jesus Christ,” says a very unimpressed Tom. “Got stopped on the way out because of a pair of curling tongs, and now the plane’s broke down!” Another video proved the couple were now on a different plane, as Julie asks Tom: “How are we getting on this time?” He replies: “We are having another go on this one, let’s see if we can break this one on the way back. DON'T MISS...James Martin shut down marriage plans with girlfriendDan Walker laments relationships with BBC Breakfast co-stars amid exitNaga Munchetty supported by Carol Kirkwood over 'traumatic' experience “Twice to Dublin in one day, landed there twice!” “It wants to keep us I think!” quips Julie. Last November, the Malone clan grew by one member as they welcomed a baby boy. Julie and Tom’s son Lee, who doesn’t appear on the show, had baby Grayson Cade Malone with his partner Sarah. Lee posted an artsy, black and white picture on Instagram of his little boy’s hand grabbing his mum’s thumb while his hand rested underneath. He captioned it: “Welcome to the world Grayson Cade Malone. “Born 30.10.21 at 1:48am, weighing 7.1lbs. The best day of my life!” he added Viewers know Julie and Tom’s other three children - sons Tom Jr.  and Shaun, and daughter Vanessa.