The Queen is celebrating an incredible 96 years on earth today and is both the oldest and longest-serving British monarch in history. She has reigned for an incredible seven decades and will this year celebrate her Platinum Jubilee. But the start of her reign was incredibly sombre due to the death of her father, King George VI, and the Queen said earlier this year of her accession day that "even after 70 years, I still remember [it] as much for the death of my father, King George VI, as for the start of my reign". Then-Princess Elizabeth was only 25-years-old when her father King George VI died and she became Queen. Several factors contributed to the Queen taking the throne at such an early age, with perhaps the most significant factor being the abdication of her uncle, King Edward VIII. The Queen's paternal grandfather King George V died in 1936, and his eldest son Prince Edward, Prince of Wales, succeeded him as King. READ MORE: Royal family release sweet baby pic of Queen to mark 96th birthday  But due to his infatuation with Wallis Simpson, a divorcee who did not garner approval from the Church, Edward's reign would last less than a year and culminate in the abdication crisis of 1936. Edward's younger brother Prince Albert, affectionately known as 'Bertie' to his family, subsequently ascended the throne as King George VI in the same year, although he was never expected to be King. Had her uncle not abdicated, Elizabeth would still have likely been Queen one day as Edward and Wallis had no children. Edward VIII died in 1972, by which time the Queen was merely years away from celebrating her Silver Jubilee.  When Elizabeth became Queen Elizabeth II, she was actually away in Kenya with the Duke of Edinburgh on a royal trip. The King's health had been declining for some time, and he had undergone operations for lung cancer. He died in the early morning of February 6, 1952, at his Norfolk residence of Sandringham House.   Due to Elizabeth's remote location at the time, there was some delay in informing the new Queen that her father had died. Philip was eventually informed of the King's death, and he told his wife about the sad news in the gardens of Sagana Lodge. The Queen returned home immediately, and when she landed in London a black mourning dress had to be brought onto the plane as a black outfit had not been packed in her luggage. On February 7, the new Queen was pictured disembarking the plane and she was greeted by the prime minister, Winston Churchill.   The Queen's coronation at Westminster Abbey was not held until she had been on the throne for over a year. The coronation was held on June 2, 1953, and she was the 39th sovereign to be crowned at the Abbey. The Queen's son and heir Prince Charles was present to watch the coronation, although Princess Anne was deemed too young to attend at the time. 