Meghan Markle stepped down from her role as a senior royal two years ago. She and her husband Prince Harry now reside in Montecito, California with their two children – Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana. Following their exit, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex sat down with Oprah Winfrey for an explosive tell-all interview.  It is believed that the exit, and subsequent allegations made against the Firm, formed a rift between the Sussexes and the Royal Family. The couple have not returned to the UK together since their departure, and the Royal Family – with the exception of Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank – are reportedly yet to meet the Sussexes’ youngest child, Lilibet. The royal couple are estranged from Meghan’s side of the family. It is understood that the Duchess has not spoken to her father, Thomas Markle, since her wedding to Harry nearly four years ago. He has spoken out in the media multiple times both to criticise his daughter and ask her to get in contact with him. Meghan’s half-sister Samantha has also spoken out about her in the media and even written a book about her. However, in the Oprah interview, the Duchess claimed that her half-sister, Samantha, does not know her. In reference to Samantha’s tell-all book, The Diary of Princess Pushy’s Sister Part 1, Meghan said: “I think it would be hard to ‘tell all’ when you don’t know me.” She continued: “I grew up as an only child. “The last time I saw her must have been at least 18, 19 years ago, and before then, 10 years before that.” Despite reports that the half-sisters are distant, celebrity astrologer Emili Adame believes the pair are “more similar than they think” and feels as though they’ve “been together in previous lives”. Speaking to Friday’s episode of the To Di For Daily podcast, she said: “I feel that they’ve also been together in previous lives. “They both are experiencing loss in their current life, in this lifetime, but on different levels. “They’re more similar than they think they are.” Meghan was born August 4, 1981, making her a fiery Leo, while Samantha was born November 24, 1963, making her a passionate Sagittarius. Both are fire signs, which are often associated with impulsivity and being temperamental. Last month, Samantha filed a lawsuit against her half-sister. The complaint revolves in part around Meghan’s comments during the Oprah interview; Samantha is alleging that the Duchess lied about her past. Meghan's attorney, Michael Kump, spoke to TMZ and branded the lawsuit "absurd". He said: "This baseless and absurd lawsuit is just a continuation of a pattern of disturbing behaviour. We will give it the minimum attention necessary, which is all it deserves.” Ms Adame spoke to Kinsey Schofield, the founder of To Di For Daily, about the lawsuit and predicted that Samantha would “be successful”. She said: “This is a ‘he said, she said’ type of situation, whereas it’s got a greater effect on Samantha than it does on Meghan, I feel, because it’s affecting her day-to-day life. “She is clearly not a famous person with the means that her [half-]sister has. “But I do feel that she will be successful.” While Ms Adame admits that “court cases are difficult” and she hasn’t “looked too deep into the energy”, she feels “that she [Samantha] has a large sum of money coming to her.” She said: “Between this year and next year, between 57 and 58, either there will be something handled privately or her case will be heard and she will win a sum of money.  “I just feel that regardless of what the outcome is, she is going to still feel very betrayed and she, I feel, is someone that has a very hard time letting go of things and can seethe over them “So this is really rocking her to the core. “And Meghan is someone that does not like confrontation, so I see that there could be money. We may not see it publicly, but I just see that she’s [Samantha] going to win money.” According to the court documents, obtained by TMZ, Samantha has claimed Meghan's comments have hurt the sales of Samantha's biography, prevented her from finding employment and caused emotional and mental distress. She is seeking damages in excess of $75,000 (£57,000) and is demanding that Meghan pay any legal fees.