Nationwide is a popular provider, especially because it is a building society rather than a bank. This means it is owned and run for the benefit of its shareholders, making it more attractive to some. Another attractive element of Nationwide at the moment is one of its savings accounts. The Flex Regular Saver is proving increasingly popular with one of the leading rates currently available. Those using this account will benefit from a 2.50 percent gross interest rate on the money they put aside. They should be aware, however, this is variable, meaning Nationwide can change this at any time. READ MORE: WASPI women urge compensation for state pension age changes In the same sense, the building society has said the offer itself is available for a “limited time only”. This may spur savers to take advantage of the leading interest rate while they still can. With the Flex Regular Saver, Britons can put away up to £200 each month for 12 months, helping them to build up a tidy sum. Withdrawals can be made up to three times during the 12 month account term without impacting the interest rate. DON'T MISSState pensioners must have National Insurance record [INSIGHT]State pension warning to those receiving sum this year [UPDATE]WASPI women receive update - 'further evidence' to be reviewed [LATEST] Those who choose to make more withdrawals will see their rate drop to 0.35 percent variable for the rest of the term. The offer is exclusively available to those who hold a Nationwide current account. People must also be 16 or over, a UK resident, and have a valid email address to apply. The Flex Regular Saver is an online account, meaning it must be primarily managed through internet banking or the Nationwide app. Individuals will not be able to pay in or take money out by cash or by cheque. When starting the account, money must be paid in within 28 days, or the account will automatically close. If a person is looking to open a Flex Regular Saver, the process is designed to be a straightforward one. Britons can open an account in their name or jointly with one other person. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea For joint accounts, only one person needs to have a Nationwide current account. A Flex Regular Saver can be opened on the Nationwide website, using the start application button. People can only have one Flex Regular Saver account in their name at any time. They will also not be able to open this account in trust for the benefit of another person. At the end of the account’s term, money saved is moved to an instant access account with a lower rate.