With the state pension playing a vital role in retirement for many people, it is important people are able to access key information about their state pension. The Government provides a service which allows Britons to find out where they stand. This is known as the ‘Check your state pension forecast’ tool. It is completely free to use and can be accessed online through the official Government website (Gov.uk). However, people should be aware that they cannot use the service if they are already receiving their state pension. Those who have reached state pension age but have deferred their pension are also unable to use the tool. READ MORE: State pension, PIP, Universal Credit: Which benefits have increased? Full list The service can help people find out: DON'T MISSState pension age changes may be accelerated - will you retire later than expected? [ALERT]Tax code 1257L: How to check your tax code is correct as 2022/23 tax year begins [INSIGHT]PIP claimant 'distraught' after DWP process - 'Debts and bills are piling up' [PIP] Someone may be able to increase their state pension if they are not already entitled to the full sum. Those with an insufficient National Insurance record could be denied the full state pension. The full new state pension is currently worth £185.15 a week. Britons can get their state pension once they reach state pension age, which is currently 66. It is set to increase in the future to 68. The Government says the quickest way to get a forecast is through the online service. To use the service, users will need to prove their identity using their Government Gateway ID. Anyone who has not used the Government Gateway before will be able to register. Previously, it was possible to sign in via GOV.UK Verify, but this is no longer the case. There are also other ways to get a forecast for those who do not want to use the online service. Britons can fill in a BR19 application form and send it by post to the Future Pension Centre. Alternatively, they can call the Future Pension Centre and get a forecast posted out.