Sean Murray has played Timothy McGee in the CBS drama NCIS for the best part of two decades and during that time, it’s safe to say he’s had to deal with his fair share of hard-hitting and emotional storylines. And season 19 has been no different, what with McGee’s tearful farewell to team leader Gibbs (Mark Harmon) in the first few episodes. However, a more heartwarming plot is headed Murray’s way as his child Cay Ryan Murray will soon appear in the drama - and their character quickly strikes up a bond with McGee. In the upcoming instalment titled The Brat Pack, the father and child duo will make their onscreen debut together. And it certainly sounds like it’s going to be an interesting encounter for the Murrays as their characters form an unlikely bond. The official synopsis from CBS for the 19th episode of season 19 reads: “NCIS investigates a ring of clever teenage partygoers when a string of break-ins takes place at Marine Base Quantico. “While working the case, Special Agent McGee forms a bond with one of the teens, Teagan Fields (Cay Ryan Murray).” READ MORE: NCIS: LA’s LL Cool J lines up new TV role While a promo for the Murrays’ first episode together remains under wraps, for now, a handful of first-look snaps show the two in action for the first time. Set to air on May 2, one of the first-look images shows McGee approaching Teagan for a chat, presumably about the break-ins. Teagan dons a ragged looking flannel shirt complete with khakis and leather boots. The punky teenager and McGee clearly hit it off as another image shows the two inside the NCIS headquarters. And it’s safe to say Teagan makes herself at home, taking a pew on one of the team’s desks instead of a chair. Another image shows Teagan with a wry smile on her face alongside McGee in an elevator. Whether Teagan will help the team get to the bottom of the break-ins remains to be seen but it’s clear McGee will have a soft spot for the newcomer. It also remains to be seen whether Cay will be starring with their father for more episodes in the future but they’ve expressed their excitement to be starring in the show on social media. DON'T MISS: NCIS' Katrina Law shares behind the scenes peek as she delivers updateNCIS Hawaii theory: Whistler and Tara romance back on after huge clue?NCIS: Why did Cote de Pablo leave NCIS as Ziva David? Cay shared a handful of the promo images on their Instagram Story. In a solo shot of Teagan perched on one of the team’s desks, Cay simply penned: “May 2nd!! CBS at 9.” They followed this up with a behind the scenes shot of them filming with their dad alongside the NCIS crew. “@CBSTV at 9.” Cay simply penned on the image to promote the episode. Cay’s stint on NCIS marks one of the very first times they’ll be appearing on TV in the USA. They regularly update their fans and followers via their Instagram page, available under the handle of @cayryanmurray. With just a few episodes of NCIS season 19 to go until the finale - scheduled for release on CBS on May 23 - fans will have to watch this space to see if Teagan will reappear. NCIS season 19 continues Mondays on CBS and Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK.