Prince William was infuriated by his brother's latest controversial interview on US television, according to a royal expert. Prince Harry told NBC's Today programme this week that his late mother "has done her bit" to get his brother William set up with his family and she is now "helping my family". The Daily Mail’s Royal Editor Rebecca English said that the remarks "show Harry's general level of resentment against his brother". Speaking to MailPlus' Palace Confidential, Ms English said: "Rather than reconciliation, the visit and interview will only add to the sense of weariness that many members of the Royal Family have when it comes to Harry now. "Possibly not for the Queen. She is very keen to keep lines of communication open with him. "She loves her grandson. Her ability to separate royal matters and family is remarkable. "But I don't think that is the same for other members of the family, particularly the Prince of Wales who is said to be at the end of his tether over this interview and Prince William." JUST IN: Ferrari left speechless after Meghan's half-sister raises absurd claim Ms English continued: "What William will find particularly hurtful is the comments Harry made about their later mother Diana. "Harry commented about how he feels Diana has done her bit for William in looking after him and his children. "And now it's time she is focused on him, which is quite a peculiar thing to say. "I think it shows Harry's general level of resentment against his brother. "From Williams's point of view, in the past, he has made it clear that he finds this kind of attempt of ownership of his late mother quite crass. "I suspect he will find those particular comments by Harry quite hurtful." During the interview released on Wednesday, Harry said he feels like the late Princess Diana in "almost everything that I do now". He continued: "It's almost as though she's done her bit with my brother and now she's very much helping me. "She's got him set up and now she's helping me set up - that's what it feels like. He's got his kids, I've got my kids." DON'T MISS Russia state TV issues ominous death threat against Boris Johnson [VIDEO]‘I switched off!’ BBC blasted for Ros Atkins' latest show [REACTION]Dr Susan Hopkins reveals symptoms to look out amid hepatitis rise [INTERVIEW] He added: "The circumstances are obviously different but I feel her presence in almost everything that I do now. "But definitely more so in the last two years than ever before, without a question. She's watching over us." He said that he was "sure" Diana would be proud of him. Also during the interview, Harry dodged questions on whether he misses his father Charles and brother William When questioned about Charles and William, the Duke told presenter Hoda Kotb: "For me at the moment, I'm here focused on these guys and these families and giving everything that I can, 120 percent to them, to make sure they have the experience of a lifetime. "That's my focus here. And when I leave here, I get back and my focus is on my family who I miss massively."