Speaking on Russian state TV, the show hosts discussed the possibility of sending a 7.5 megaton nuclear rocket to the “territory of our so-called partners” in America, joking that New York City would be “completely gone”. While discussing their firepower, they said that “we have only one target”, adding the “Americans always feared our heavy rockets”.    One of the hosts said: “Americans don’t have these kinds of rockets and never had them. What’s attractive about the south pole, we know right away where to send it. “We have the north pole or the south pole. We have only one target. The continental territory of the US.” Another then asks: “If this rocket ends up over there in the worst-case scenario, what kind of objects can it destroy? What size of territory?” The other says: “If 7.5 megatons will be delivered to the territory of our so-called partner then objects like the city of New York, a good city, will be gone. Completely gone, with one rocket. “Completely. I mean completely. So, it’s better if we don’t. Americans always feared our heavy rockets.”    The hosts were discussing Russia’s test launch of a long-range modernised nuclear rocket last Wednesday. The Sarmat Intercontinental Ballistic Missile, or ICBM, was fired from a test site in Plesetsk, western Russia, hitting targets on the other side of the country in Kamchatka, nearly 3,700 miles away. The ICBM was designed to replace the older Soviet legacy S-18 missiles and is designed to fly around the planet showering strategic targets. The nuclear warheads have an estimated firing range of 22,000 miles, which allows them to avoid missile detection systems by flying the long way around the world. READ MORE: Putin to speed up Ukraine attacks as sanctions fuel unrest [INSIGHT]  The missile's short initial burn time at launch could undermine the US’ heat-detection satellites and prevent them from stopping a nuclear collision on civilians. The ICBM development is part of a Russian expansion of their rocket capabilities, with hypersonic missiles also being designed. Putin announced in 2018 the introduction of the Avangard hypersonic missile, which flies at 10 times the speed of sound. The weaponry has been used at least twice in Ukraine, according to Russian state media, making them the only country to use them in combat. DON'T MISS: Putin humiliation as Russian forces lost 70 percent of missiles [REVEAL]Russians asked what they REALLY think of Putin's war [INSIGHT]Putin’s failure in Ukraine ends ‘mirage’ of Russia’s might [REPORT]    In the wake of the Bucha massacres in Ukraine, US President Joe Biden accused Russia and its President Vladimir Putin of “war crimes” and “genocide”. Responding to questions about why he had decided to label the Russian invasion genocidal, Mr Biden accused the foreign forces of wreaking “devastation” on Ukraine. He said: “I called it genocide because it’s become clearer and clearer that Putin is just trying to wipe out the idea of even being Ukrainian. “More evidence is coming out of the horrible things that the Russians have done in Ukraine. And we’re going to learn more and more about the devastation. “We’ll let the lawyers decide internationally whether or not it qualifies, but it sure seems that way to me.”   