Jay Blades has confirmed he won’t be hosting the DIY show anymore as the BBC have decided to pull the plug on the series after just seasons. The Repair Shop host’s show has been axed to “make space” in TV schedules for new commissions. Home Fix saw Jay and his co-host Dominic Chinea give DIY tips to viewers on how to repair items in their home. The series was first broadcast back in 2020 when the pandemic led to many trying new hobbies. The furniture restorer wanted to help viewers become more self-sufficient and rekindle their love for DIY. Tips, tricks and hacks were shared each week to inspire the public to give tasks around the home a go themselves. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Cain Dingle discovers he's not Faith's son It wasn’t just Jay and Dom on hand to share tips but experts would join the pair to discuss everything from garden furniture to decorating. Unfortunately the show is no more as Jay confirmed to the Daily Star Sunday: “We aren’t doing any more of it.” The BBC confirmed: “We loved working with Jay and Dom on Home Fix. “After two brilliant series we’re making space in the schedule for new commissions.” Fortunately it’s not all bad news for fans as Jay and Dom are working on a new series together. Jay explained: “There is more stuff coming. Watch this space. “We are working on a different show. It will be positive.” The BBC added: “We’re continuing to work with Jay and Dom on projects we’re sure viewers will enjoy.” DON'T MISS...Jay Blades details how Kirsten Ramsay helps him on The Repair Shop set [INSIGHT]The Repair Shop's Jay Blades says he came back from 'very dark place' [INTERVIEW]Suzie Fletcher makes touching tribute to BBC co-stars [LATEST] Furthermore, The Repair Shop has been commissioned for more series so fans will continue to see the pair on screen. “We were commissioned for The Repair Shop for three more years and if people keep watching us, we’ll be on for another three years after that,” Jay exclaimed. The TV personality took viewers on an emotional journey earlier this year in his eye-opening documentary, Jay Blades: Learning to Read at 51. During the candid documentary, he opened up about having the reading age of an 11-year-old.  He felt it was finally time to learn the written word and took viewers on an inspirational quest. Along the way, he spoke to others going through the same challenge, offering advice on how to overcome it.  The Repair Shop airs on BBC One.   