Sarah, the Duchess of York, 62, has lived in many different properties from her childhood to her marriage and single life after her divorce from Prince Andrew. The home which she most associates with her childhood is Dummer Down Farm in Hampshire. It is a beautiful house, classic but also quite unique.  The design of the house is symmetric with a slanted roof and two chimneys on each end of the roof. The front garden is very attractive with neat lavender patches and hedges perfectly aligned in the front. There is no driveway at the front, so the cars must be parked towards the back of the house. READ MORE: Meghan drops Duchess title in Archetypes ‘to rebrand herself' - claim  Major Ronald Ferguson, Fergie’s father, lived at Dummer until he died in 2003. Photos reveal the upstairs bedrooms where the walls were decorated with polka dot wallpaper, perfect for when the children were growing up. The wooden beds matched the wooden chest of drawers that were beside each other. As it was the 1980s, posters on the wall showed Starship Commander, which was a 1981 video game.   There was also a white lampshade on the wooden chest of drawers beside the bed to add the perfect amount of light into the room. Dummer Down Farm was not Sarah's first childhood home. That was actually Lowood House in Berkshire, "a big white Edwardian house" according to Fergie, as Sarah is often referred to. However, it is certainly the place she most identifies with when looking back at her childhood.  She was 10 when the Fergusons moved to this big farmhouse. It is surrounded by 800 acres of beautiful green land on rolling hills. This would have been perfect for Fergie who was mad about ponies as a child. The Duchess said she and her sister would be out all day, riding, playing, and living an idyllic outdoor life. This is also the heart of ‘Jane Austen country’, not far from the village where the famous novelist grew up. Dummer is a beautiful village of old thatched houses and is an easy day trip from London. There is even a public footpath that passes quite close to the house itself. Therefore, if anybody wants to see the house where the Duchess of York grew up, they can easily do so. This will especially be the case if fans enjoy a hike in the magnificent English countryside. 