Defence journalist Tim Ripley comments on UK decision to send 8000 British troops to Eastern Europe. “Putin won’t be very scared”, he said as majority of the troops are not going directly on the border of Russia, and operation overall described as “a device for rhetorical feel-good factor for the British government”. Speaking with Mr Ripley, GB News host Tom Harwood said: “Britain will send 8000 troops to Eastern Europe in a show of solidarity and strength. “Aircraft, tanks, armoured assault vehicles and artillery guns will soon be sent alongside the troops, with the announcement intended as a deterrent of Russian aggression. “This comes a day after a former British soldier became the first UK national confirmed to have been killed in the war in Ukraine. “The deployment reinforces the warning to the Russian president to stay clear of attacking NATO territories saying, of course, an attack on one is an attack on all. “This seems like another stepping up of British involvement, of course, no troops within Ukraine itself. “But how is Russia going to respond to Britain’s deployment?” Mr Ripley responded: “[Russia] is probably not going to be very scared. “Because the only troops that are going on the border of Russia, the new ones, are the 14 tanks that are going to Finland. READ MORE: Putin's panic as NASA makes killer AI hypersonic missiles “The rest of these troops are going to be quire a long way away from Russia. “Two and a half thousand of them are going to Macedonia, which is next to Greece, which stays on the Mediterranean rather than on Eastern Europe per se. “We are sending 1000 troops to Poland, which is a new development. “But the Prime Minister mentioned that last week, so that is not really new announcement. DON'T MISS: ZERO dinghies detected just days after Rwanda scheme unveiled [WATCH] Truss blasted over ‘shoulder-shrugging’ response to hated EU deal [LISTEN] Sue Gray's partygate QC exposed as anti-Boris Labour-backing Remoaner [INSIGHT] “Almost 2000 of these troops are in Estonia already so they are not really new.” He concluded: “So this is more a device for rhetorical feel-good factor for the British government rather than anything that is going to really scare then Russians”. The 8000 British Army troops now heading to Eastern Europe will be taking part in expanded exercises, Commander Field Army Lt Gen Ralph Wooddisse explained. Referring to the military operation, he also added: “The scale of the deployment, coupled with the professionalism, training and ability of the British army, will deter aggression at a scale not seen in Europe this century”.