They warned that up to four in 10 people could fall into fuel poverty in October from rocketing prices. Michael Lewis, chief executive of E.ON, predicts customer debt will surge by 50 percent by the end of the year, an £800million increase. He said: "The number of families that risk fuel poverty will soar." "We're looking at up to 30 to 40 percent of people going into fuel poverty when the price goes up again in October. This is unprecedented so it requires unprecedented measures from government." The chief executives told MPs investigating energy prices that, while prepayment customers were already reeling from the effects of rising bills, they expect the numbers in financial distress to rise with another leap in the cap in the autumn. The action they demand could include slashing bills for the poorest people in the country by £1,000. Michael Lewis, chief executive of E.ON  The Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy committee heard Scottish Power chief executive Keith Anderson call for a scrapping of the cap system - blamed for the failure of dozens of competitors as they were unable to pass on huge rises in raw energy costs. He wants it replaced by a social tariff that means the better-off pay more. Mr Anderson also suggested a deficit fund be established to give those struggling 10 years to pay off £1,000 on their bills. He described the situation facing families as "horrific" and he added about his plan: "The problem requires something significant." EDF estimates that its most vulnerable tenth of customers will go from paying £1 in every £12 of their money on energy bills to £1 in every £6. The price of energy soared by around 54 percent for the average household this month. The cap rose by a record £693 per year on average - with pre-payment customers, who tend to be among the most vulnerable, facing an even larger increase. Those paying energy by direct debit pay more than they use during the warmer months to build up credit for the winter, but pre-payment customers will not so they will be hit by a bigger rise in October. Two months ago, the Government announced a £200 rebate to be applied to energy bills in October, paid back over five years from 2023. Mr Lewis called for the £200 to be increased and for the repayment period to be extended if necessary.