On Monday, ITV host Ben Shephard was back with a brand new series of Tipping Point. The Good Morning Britain newsreader, who has presented the quiz show for over a decade up about his “intense” work schedule which often leaves the TV star unable to “decompress”.   Speaking to Steve Wright in the Afternoon on BBC Radio Two, the host claimed he “sleeps dreaming of the machine” amid filming for the latest season. He said: “We film it in a block so we're starting the new series 13. “We start filming as this series goes out on air, the brand new one, and we film it all the way through till June. “So it's very intensive and so it takes a while to decompress off the back of it. READ MORE:Coronation Street theory: Heartache for Eileen Grimshaw He chuckled: “And, I sort, of fall asleep dreaming of the machine going in and out and giving away ITV’s money but it's an absolute treat you know. “I still enjoy it as much as I did that first day back in 2012. “I’m still in touch with the first-ever girl that won the first show. “She didn't get the jackpot, Kelly, but she did win and we're still in touch,” he told the radio DJ.  Along with Tipping Point, Ben has also made regular appearances on Good Morning Britain, on which the star often features alongside Kate Garraway. Explaining how he struggles to get up in the morning, the father of two said his wife Annie helps him wake up at 3.15am. He explained: “My alarm goes off, there’s a three in the alarm somewhere, at 3:30-3:15 am, something like that, depending on what we’re doing." The Essex-born presenter, Ben continued: “But you know what?   “I don’t think the alarm going off is nice at any time of day, whether you’ve got to get up at three o’clock in the morning or even six o’clock in the morning, or nine o’clock." Presenter Steve Wright, who was hosting his regular Afternoon programme, replied to the star: “True.” “You always want an extra five minutes,” Ben replied. “You always want an extra five minutes,” the Tipping Point host admitted.  Letting listeners in on a secret tip, Ben explained: “I put my alarm clock on the other side of the room." He went on to say: “So I have to get out of bed because Mrs S [Annie] will give me a kick up the backside if I’m leaving it buzzing too long.” He explained: “And by the time we get to the studio, it’s a 24-hour newsroom, obviously, so everyone has been awake, so you go in very quickly and you’re straight into work mode."