The next generation of homeowners may be paying off their mortgages into retirement, according to new data from online mortgage broker Trussle. This is due to a combination of the increasing age of first time buyers and the number of people seeking longer term mortgages. The average age of first time buyers has risen to 32, up from 29 a decade earlier, according to data from lenders. Booming house price inflation has led to the sharp rise in the age of first time buyers. Trussle believes this trend could be exacerbated further by the current cost of living crisis. Many first time buyers have turned to longer 35 year mortgages in an attempt to combat spiralling house prices and get on the property ladder. READ MORE: ‘Never paid pensioners more!’ State pension frustration as sum will not increase to £380 A record 63,158 35 year mortgages were taken out by first time buyers during the Stamp Duty Holiday period, according to data from the Financial Conduct Authority. This represents a 75 percent year-on-year increase. The age at which people retire is projected to increase over the coming decades as the Government attempts to balance the cost of an ageing population by making people stay in work longer. The state pension age for men is set to increase from 66 to 67 by 2028. DON'T MISSPensioners lose £8,000 of state pension as expats see sums frozen - 'end this injustice' [PENSION]Woman in tears at £1.4m inheritance tax bill from HMRC ‘Parents have already paid taxes!' [TAX]Fury at plans to BAN gas boilers and force Brits to install £10,000 heat pumps [REACTION] Trussle has warned that people could fail to save efficiently for retirement as they are stuck paying off their mortgages. They also believe there will be many people still paying their mortgage during retirement. This could lead to a significant decline in the standard of living among retirees. Amanda Aumonier, Head of Mortgage Operations at online mortgage broker Trussle, said: “This is an alarming trend that has been brewing for years. “When purchasing a home, buyers naturally think about the here and now, which typically means looking for ways to keep their payments as low as possible. “But, while taking out a longer term mortgage can be an effective way to keep short term costs low, you will end up paying more back in the long term. “Not only this, but you could also still be paying off your mortgage during a period of life when your income begins to drop.” Ms Aumonier believes more must be done to help first time buyers with affordability issues. She continued: “It’s no secret that housing affordability has been spiralling for years, impacting the possibility for many first time buyers to get on the ladder. “But, we have also taken a short term approach into calculating the impact of soaring house prices. “This new data shows that the ramifications will reverberate for decades to come and will lead to consequences not yet accounted for. “If this trend is to be addressed, we will need to see urgent action on affordability today.”