An exclusive poll for the Sunday Express found 53 percent of respondents support tougher laws to tackle climate change yobs who block roads, cause damage and disrupt businesses and members of the public. It comes after weeks of disruption by protestors which have brought roads and cities to a standstill. Extinction Rebellion offshoot Just Stop Oil continued protests over the weekend with six arrested yesterday (SAT) after climbing onto an oil tanker in central London. The protests over the last few weeks, including blocking refineries have made it even harder for motorists to fill up their cars and added to the cost of living crisis. A majority of the 1535 polled by Techne supported tougher actions against the zealots. Tory voters were most likely to agree with tougher laws, with 71 per cent calling for a crackdown. Labour voters were split on the issue, with 42 per cent answering yes and 42 per cent no. Even among the Green Party - where 61 percent opposed tougher laws - nearly one in three (30 percent) thought there should be a harsher crackdown. In older groups opposition was stronger. 52 percent of 35-44 year olds wanted harder laws, while 63 per cent of those aged 45 to 54 agreed. Our poll showed among 18 to 34 year olds, 41 per cent supported tougher laws, while 40 per cent did not. Just 26 percent of all respondents opposed tougher action. The survey comes as sources close to Home Secretary Priti Patel have confirmed that the Extinction Rebellion problem is top of her list to clamp down on after signing a deal with Rwanda to sort out the Channel migrants issue. It is hoped that new laws under the Policing and Crime Bill will allow much tougher action against extremist protesters trying to bring the country to a halt. A Home Office source said: “These eco warriors know the police will soon have more powers to deal with them thanks to the policing bill and it will become infinitely harder for them to cause mass disruption to peoples lives. “They will have to win the debate through argument not glueing themselves to things.” Conservative MPs last night said that the Sunday Express opinion poll backed their view that the eco protesters should be sent to prison or heavily fined. Dudley North MP Marco Longhi said: “The activists we see glueing themselves to roads or committing acts of vandalism and generally make everybody’s life a misery should be made to suffer consequences and this is why I very much support the Police Crime and Sentencing Bill that Labour voted against. “I’d be happy to see these activists in a suitably insulated prison cell. “Their way is not the way to win an argument: preventing emergency services to reach destinations or even just hard working people getting on with their lives will only receive the support of Labour MPs, socialist protesters with nothing better to do - or the hypocritical elite who have enriched themselves on the back of fossil fuels but want to preach to the carers I represent in Dudley who can’t afford to fill up on their £17k salaries.” However, progress of the Policing and Crime Bill legislation has been held up by unelected peers in the House of Lords and opposition in the Commons by Labour, the SNP and Lib Dems. Ipswich MP Tom Hunt, deputy chairman of the influential Common Sense Group of Tory MPs, pointed out that carers had been unable to get to vulnerable elderly people and ambulances had been blocked as a result of the protests. “We need to properly punish these people,” he said. Ashfield MP Lee Anderson added: “Its time to stop messing around with these lunatics who are disrupting public life. If we can fine people £10,000 for breaking lockdown rules then surely a similar penalty could be actioned against these out of touch idiots. “This would be a great way to raise a few quid which could then be used to pay for home insulation. It’s a win win.” Brendan Clarke-Smith demanded that the police take a more robust view even using current laws. He said: “People want to see them shifted so they can fill up their cars, get to work and are able to get on with their lives.” Yesterday, Extinction Rebellion said three people climbed on top of the Shell tanker and held a banner which said “end fossil filth” in Bayswater Road in the morning. Images from the scene show people gathered around the tanker, some holding Extinction Rebellion flags, while one man brandished a sign which read: “End fossil fuels now.” Several police officers were also at the scene and were seen blocking the road while the protest took place. A message was also shared with groups with the location of the protest urging activists to join the protesters. Olympic gold medal-winning canoeist Etienne Stott and fellow British Olympian Laura Baldwin were among the demonstrators, Extinction Rebellion said. Stott said: “I am acting to try to disrupt the toxic fossil fuel industry that is destroying everything we hold dear. “I am hoping we can slow it down long enough to create a moment where everyone can stop and think where we are going and change course.” A spokesperson for Shell said: “We respect the right of everyone to express their point of view - we only ask that they do so with their safety and the safety of others in mind. “We agree that society needs to take urgent action on climate change. Shell has a clear target to become a net-zero emissions business by 2050, in step with society. “We welcome constructive engagement on our strategy and the energy transition.” Demonstrators descended on Hyde Park yesterday (SAT) as part of a campaign of “highly disruptive mass action” following several days of protests against new fossil fuel investments. Protesters also waved flags, set off orange flares and danced in the street as music played on speakers by Marble Arch in central London. Police officers stood and watched as the protestors brought London’s busiest shopping districts to a standstill. One woman - who scaled one of the pillars on the arch to help hoist a sign that read “End fossil fuels now” - spoke to police surrounding her on the ground below. She said: “Are you going to arrest me? There’s been no criminal damage. “I think you should let me go.” Just Stop Oil activists protested in the early hours of Friday at the Kingsbury terminal near Tamworth, Staffordshire, as part of their campaign to demand the Government stops new oil and gas projects. Several oil firms have secured injunctions to stop environmental protesters from an affiliated eco-group Just Stop Oil from targeting fuel processing sites. Essex Police said 28 people were arrested after protests at the Navigator Oil terminal in Thurrock and Grays oil terminal on Friday. The force last week said the protests had cost more than £1m to police.