The man, who is in his mid-50s, was cycling in Darlington at the beginning of April when he was involved in the collision. He was taken to hospital with hip injuries and is now at home recovering, but he is currently unable to walk and has been left bedridden since the crash. The incident happened at the junction between Parkside and Geneva Lane in Darlington at about 12.05pm. The cyclist said that he feels the vehicle had “deliberately” braked in front of him and saw him lying on the ground before driving away. Describing the incident, he said the vehicle had slowed down and was swerving from left to right to block him from getting past. The man added: “He took off at a normal speed so I did and then he screeched on the brakes so I went into the back of him.” READ MORE: Passer-by left shocked after wheelie bins blocked parking spaces He continued: “It was definitely intentional. “Thankfully there were some witnesses who stopped and were brilliant. “One of them took my bike in and another took me home.” After the collision, the cyclist was taken by officers to Darlington Memorial Hospital to get treatment for his injuries. DON'T MISS Warm weather driving habits could land drivers with fines up to £5,000 [WARNING] Man calls towing truck on his neighbour for terrible parking [SHOCKING] Motorists warned not to travel at certain times over Easter [REVEAL] He also provided the police with the footage from the camera attached to the front of his bike. “I’ve cycled for a lot of years. “I’ve not really had something like this before. Some cars don’t see you. "I’ve got all the gadgets and lights all over the bike and I’ve got a camera on it," he told The Northern Echo. Regarding the incident, a Durham Police spokesperson said: “Shortly after 12.05 today (Friday April 1) police were called to Geneva Lane, in Darlington following reports of a collision between a cycle and a car. “Both are believed to have been stationary at traffic lights. “As they both pulled away at the lights, the car appears to have applied its brakes sharply and the cyclist has collided with the back of the vehicle, causing him to fall from his bike. “The car then appears to have left the scene, leaving the cyclist injured on the path. “The cyclist, a local man in his mid-50s, was taken to Darlington Memorial Hospital suffering hip injuries.” The cyclist has since claimed that the incident did not take place at the traffic lights as previously believed. A cycle safety provider THINK! has provided cyclists with tips on how to be safe on the road. The Government service says that cyclists should ride decisively and keep clear of the curb, as well as look and signal to show drivers what they plan to do and make eye contact where possible. Drivers, on the other hand, were urged to anticipate more cyclists during peak time and use indicators to signal intentions.