June Brown, best known as EastEnders’ second longest-running character Dot Cotton, died on Sunday night at the age of 95. In addition to an outpouring of messages from her family, friends and fans, the BBC soap’s official Twitter page has posted a heartfelt tribute to commemorate her life and screen career. The official BBC EastEnders Twitter page announced the sad news of June’s death on Monday afternoon with an affectionate tribute to her legacy. They wrote: “We are deeply saddened to announce that our beloved June Brown, OBE, MBE sadly passed away last night. “There are not enough words to describe how much June was loved and adored by everyone at EastEnders, her loving warmth, wit and great humour will never be forgotten.” June joined the long-running soap in 1985 and took a break from the series in 1993. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King She then rejoined the EastEnders cast in 1997 and made appearances up to 2020. “June created one of the most iconic characters in Dot Cotton,” the tribute continued. “Not just in soap but in British television, and having appeared in 2884 episodes, June’s remarkable performances created some of EastEnders finest moments. “We send all our love and deepest sympathies to June’s family and friends. “A very bright light has gone out at EastEnders today - we shall all be raising a sweet sherry in June’s memory. Rest in peace, our dearest June. You will never be forgotten.” MORE TO FOLLOW… The Twitter page has also relayed the official announcement from June’s family following the sad loss. “We are deeply saddened to announce our beloved mother, June, passed away very peacefully at her home in Surrey on Sunday evening, with her family by her side,” they wrote. “We would kindly ask that our privacy is respected at this very difficult time.” June is survived by her five children from her marriage with actor Robert Arnold, who passed away in 2003. DON'T MISS:Newsround's Lizo Mzimba shares most embarrassing on-air incident [INSIGHT]Zoe Ball forced to leave midway through Radio 2 show due to illness [LATEST]BBC Weather's Kirkwood warns Brits to brace for snowy disruption [NEWS] Her enduring performance as Dot Cotton, later Branning, was heralded as one of the highlights of the series during her near-four decades on screens. The chain-smoker, devout Christian and reliable Walford resident began as Albert Square’s gossipmonger before taking on an increasingly vital role over the years. For her services to drama and charity, she was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2008 Birthday Honours. At this year’s New Year Honours, she was then awarded Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE). June took a six-month break from the series in 2012 in order to write her memoir, Before the Year Dot. In 2015, June confirmed she had been diagnosed with macular degeneration, which led to deteriorating eyesight. Her sight condition was then incorporated into Dot’s more recent EastEnders storylines as the actress started to appear less frequently. She announced her departure from EastEnders on February 20, 2020, having made her final appearances on the show in January. EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.