The highly advanced and capable Sukhoi-35 was left in a mangled, burning wreck in a photo of the downed aircraft in a field. Since the start of the Russian led invasion of Ukraine 5 weeks ago, 19 Russian planes have been shot down by Ukrainian defence forces.  The latest blow to Russia came near the city of Kharkiv, as Ukrainian forces continue to push back against Russian advances in the region. One news channel on Twitter announced the shooting down of the plane.Visegrad 24 said: “The Ukrainian Army has shot down a Russian Su-35 fighter jet over Izyum, near Kharkiv. “Ukrainian authorities say they have shot down 2 planes and 1 helicopter over the past 24h. “Izyum is the next big battle. “Both Ukraine and Russia forces are heading there.”  In Ukraine, official sources also took to confirming the Russian fighter had been floored. Deputy Interior Minister Anton Gerashchenko confirmed the Su-35 was shot down by Ukrainian forces, reportedly writing: “50 million dollars worth of damage for the ogres!” Mr Geraschchenko confirmed the pilot has safely ejected from the aircraft and had been detained by Ukrainian defence forces. In the purported video footage of the final seconds of the Su-35, a black streak of smoke can be seen as a fiery ball heads to the ground. Commentary in the video can be heard saying: “Something is falling on the village… f***! f***! Here, here… Oh just right on the house.” The aircraft does not appear to have landed on a building and can be seen in a field. READ MORE:Putin on the backfoot after guerilla attacks  The Su-35 does not have stealth capability and is said to rely on more traditional air to air combat superiority. Capable of flying at Mach 2.2 (1,500 mph) and carrying a payload of weapons up to 8,000kg, the fighter jet has a range of around 1,000 miles. Russia claims the aircraft is far superior to Western fighters such as the F-16, French Rafael and the Typhoon Eurofighter. The Su-35 is also fitted with a highly powerful 30mm cannon to the front of the jet.  Since the start of the invasion, Russia is said to have lost up to 15,000 soldiers in the war. Over 10 million Ukrainians have been displaced, with 4 million of them seeking refuge in other countries.  DON'T MISS:Taiwan warns West - China threat has not gone away [REPORT]Dementia patients could benefit from Oxford breakthrough [REVEAL]Macron warns of 'Brexit style' election upset [INSIGHT] Russian President Vladimir Putin claims the first part of the “special operation” in Ukraine is now complete and is regrouping assets to start part two. Analysts suggest Putin will seek to capture large parts of Eastern Ukraine and build a land bridge between Russia and Crimea. Experts also suggest Putin will intensify his attacks on the port city of Odessa, possibly through the method of an amphibious attack. Ukraine claims to have retaken the whole of the city of Kyiv as Russian forces retreat. Shocking pictures from the town of Bucha yesterday revealed the gruesome reality of war as dead bodies of civilians lined the streets, with global entities calling the act a war crime.  Calls for a NATO imposed no-fly zone have been continually emanating from Ukraine, yet alliance members are keen to avoid direct confrontation with Russia as a result. Supplies have continued to pour into Ukraine to assist their defences. British Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said the Starstreak system, a shoulder-mounted missile, that travels at more than three times the speed of sound to take down low-flying enemy jets, was ready to be used imminently. Mr Wallace said the first Ukrainian troops had been trained and were now deployed with Starstreak, adding the UK was “doing more than pretty much anyone else” to help the war-torn country. The missile detaches into three darts mid-air, which are guided to the target by a laser operator on the ground. The use of lasers rather than being attracted to infrared energy means flares cannot counteract the three-pronged missile. 