Brian May has been working hard on remastering his 1998 solo album Another World, which has been reissued today. The coinciding On My Way Up music video follows the 74-year-old in his attic looking back nostalgically. And just like his Time Traveller one for Back to the Light, the past and the present meet in a display of heartwarming special effects. A description reads: “The video shows Brian in reflective mood in his home attic as he leafs through old photographs of himself and memorabilia from his stellar career. As the uplifting, feel-good track plays, we see a clever combination of new and historical video and still images of the Queen guitar hero. Static artifacts, photos, souvenirs, are transformed into living images which reflect his passion for so many projects in different areas across distinct periods in his life until we find Brian today, surrounded by those things that portray his current sensibilities – stereoscopy, astronomy, animal protection, nature spaces while Brian sings and plays along with its message of positivity and personal growth.” On My Way Up is a regular part of Brian’s solo concerts and was originally commissioned for the 1994 second series of ITV comedy drama Franks Stubbs. Brian said: “The central character of this song is someone who is basically a loser, but has total belief and a kind of insane optimism, and he's going somewhere, you know, 'Man, I'm on my way' kind of thing. So that's what the song was. It became imbued with different things once I got going on the track, but it's basically funny. It's funny, and it's optimistic and loud.” Brian said that while creating the song, “I had a moment of belief and joy thinking, 'Yeah, I can actually can do this, it's going to be fine.’ It's a very joyful song, and that's one of the forces which propelled me through the album and made me want to release it and makes me want to release it now.” The music video’s release coincides with the 15-track rarities collection in the new edition of his Another World album. Titled Another Disc, it also includes the 74-year-old’s live version of On My Way Up as it was performed in Paris back in 1998, when the record was originally released. DON'T MISSBrian May: How Another World tree helped him survive hard times WATCH [ANOTHER WORLD]Brian May celebrates his dad who eventually accepted his Queen career [BRIAN'S DAD]Brian May performs Queen’s ’39 high up in Tenerife – WATCH [QUEEN] Additionally, there’s a new guitar version, on which Brian commented: “It's nice to just pick up the guitar and sing it with a guitar, so there's a couple of those versions on there. I particularly like the one of On My Way Up because it's very kind of rude. It's just raw, and I've done nothing to it apart from playing.” The new music video follows a Bri-Art lyric one for his Buddy Holly cover on the album, Maybe Baby. Another World is out now and special edition physical versions can be purchased here.