Presbyopia is when the natural lens of the eye becomes less flexible, which can lead to an inability to focus on up-close objects. As such, reading or using a mobile may become more difficult. Experts at Moorfields Eye Hospital NHS Foundation Trust said: "Flexibility of the natural lens diminishes with age. "And by the mid 40s, even people who have never previously needed spectacles start to need reading glasses." People in later life are also at risk of cataracts, glaucoma, and age-related macular degeneration. In order to "see better", according to experts at Hammond Opticians, people need to do "eye exercises". Classified as "accommodation and convergence exercises", these type of eye exercises help improve their eye flexibility. "Hold a pen or pencil about 35cm in front of your nose," the experts instructed. "Concentrate on its tip and slowly bring it closer towards you." READ MORE: Sleep deprivation impairs driving 'comparable to alcohol intoxication' – health risks The experts continued: "Continue moving the target towards your nose until it becomes doubled. "Don’t move the pen, but instead look into the distance and relax your eyes for a few seconds. "Now move the pen away from your nose until it looks single again." This exercise is to be repeated 30 times each day. Such an exercise will take daily practise for four to six weeks before there is a noticeable improvement in eyesight. Another exercise is to "hold a pen or pencil as close to your nose as possible so that you can see it as a single image". During this stage you might experience some eyestrain, but you should not be seeing double. Next, without moving the pen, look into the far distance and relax the eyes for a few seconds. "Look back to the pen ensuring it is still single and hold for three seconds," the experts instructed. This should also be repeated 30 times daily, with the pen moving closer and closer to your nose – without you seeing double – as time goes on. To help keep your eyes healthy, Specsavers noted that you should maintain a healthy lifestyle. This involves eating a well-balanced diet, exercising regularly, limiting alcohol consumption and not smoking It's also advisable to protect the eyes from UV rays by wearing appropriate sunglasses. Early detection and treatment of eye conditions is also imperative in protecting your eyesight. In order to keep on top of your eye health, you need to get regular eye tests. People are advised to have an eye test every two years, but if you are concerned about your eyesight at any point, do visit an optician.