Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp believes Sadio Mane can play “well into his 30s” after the Senegalese ace’s terrifying performance against Manchester City. The former Southampton ace delivered an all-round outstanding performance in the Reds’ 3-2 victory over Pep Guardiola’s side in the FA Cup semi-final. His attacking instincts and terrifying speed were on full display for the Reds second goal. He capitalised on Zack Steffen’s astounding hesitation, by pouncing on the American shot-stopper, sliding into his feet, and bundling the ball into the back of the net. But if his first goal showed his predatory instincts and momentum, his stunning second goal demonstrated his technique and movement, as he peeled off the City defence to lash a picture perfect first time volley which zipped into the bottom corner. However, the Africa Cup of Nations ace’s Liverpool future remains in doubt. His contract is currently set to expire in the summer of 2023, meaning this summer would be Liverpool’s last chance to cash in on the forward, if he decides to seek pastures new. But Klopp appeared to hint that he wants the ace to be handed a new contract, as he feels the forward could quite easily play at the top level for many more years. MUST READ: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims “His physicality shows his dedication, yes, and he is a talent too,” Klopp said before Liverpool’s huge clash against Manchester United. “If you do the same training as Sadio - or I do - we will never look like him…it is not possible. “He is blessed, let me put it like this. He does a lot (of training) absolutely, but he is a bit lucky as well. He will play on well into his 30s…if he wants to. READ MOREMan Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claimsMan City goalkeeper Scott Carson 'offers out' Sime Vrsaljko in new Atletico tunnel clipAjax boss Erik ten Hag responds after being congratulated over Man Utd job “Sadio as well had some physical struggles since he came back; he didn't feel it but we could see he could not use his immense physicality week in, week out or every three days – that was the problem. “But I really felt before the game against City 'OK, that looks like Sadio physically' and that is why he could play the game he played.” Mane has contributed 18 goals and two assists in 41 appearances for the Reds this campaign. While Luis Duiz’s arrival in January coupled with Diogo Jota’s outstanding form has sometimes reduced Mane to a role on the bench, he has still been one of Liverpool’s most important players. However, his contract remains a sore point, as it does with his striking colleagues Roberto Firmino and Mohamed Salah. With the contracts of all three players ticking ever closer to June 30th 2023, Klopp and many Liverpool fans will surely be hoping they can soon put pen to paper on a new deal. All three players played a pivotal role in the Reds’ Premier League, Champions League, and League Cup triumph, and will also spearhead their bid for an unprecedented Quadruple triumph.