Ms Haley, who served as US ambassador to the United Nations under Donald Trump, called on the 46th President to introduce sanctions against Russian energy companies as the leading Republican figure piled the pressure on Mr Biden. The White House had announced new measures against Russian banks and elites on Wednesday in a new set of sanctions after Mr Biden condemned Vladimir Putin's troops for committing "major war crimes". The ex-South Carolina Congresswoman said on Twitter: "It’s past time for Biden to get his act together and help Ukraine win. "Send the planes, sanction the energy companies, and help Ukraine win this fight for freedom." The US had previously been involved in a squabble about sending fighter jets to Kyiv after the Pentagon rejected proposals from Warsaw to provide the Ukrainian Air Force with MiG-29 aircraft. However, Washington has provided a military assistance package worth over £600million, which includes javelin missiles and anti-aircraft systems. JUST IN: Zelensky blasts Brussels as EU spends 35 times more on Russian energy than Ukraine weapons The US has also banned all imports of Russian oil in a bid to syphon off money from the Kremlin's war chest. President Biden said: "Responsible nations have to come together to hold these perpetrators accountable. "And together with our allies and our partners, we're going to keep raising economic costs and ratchet up the pain for Putin." Measures introduced on Wednesday looked to expand upon previous announcements, including through sanctioning President Putin's two adult daughters. READ MORE: Lord Frost warns 'ultra-Remainers' are plotting to drag Brexit Britain closer to Brussels New measures also hit Russia's Sberbank, which holds one-third of the nation's total banking assets. However, energy transactions were exempted from the latest measures.Ms Haley has emerged as a dark horse GOP candidate in the 2024 Presidential Election. In the most recent Harris Poll, six percent of respondents said they would back Haley in the Republican primary if ex-POTUS Donald Trump opted not to stand in the race. Florida Governor Ron DeSantis emerged as the clear frontrunner with 28 percent. DON'T MISS:Russian economy facing COLLAPSE with mega-recession this year [REVEALED]PMQs farce: Sir Lindsay Hoyle warned of becoming like John Bercow [INSIGHT]Nicola Sturgeon's SNP slammed over 'cheap and cynical' video attack [SPOTLIGHT] Former Vice President Mike Pence trailed in a close second on 24 percent. While the Canadian-born Texas Senator Ted Cruz piped Ms Haley to third place on 10 percent.