Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has told Darren Fletcher to stop barking orders from the touchline, according to reports. The Red Devils duo have been working together on matchdays ever since the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer back in November. But not everything has gone to plan in the time since. Manchester United hired Rangnick after Solskjaer’s sacking because they believed the 63-year-old was capable of turning their season around. But that hasn’t happened, with the Red Devils instead getting worse - with Tuesday night’s 4-0 defeat to Liverpool proof they’re as far away from their rivals as ever. Now, the Telegraph say Rangnick has told Fletcher to stop barking orders from the touchline. He’s ‘taken issue’ with the behaviour of the Scot, while the German has also ben left surprised that Fletcher has occasionally opted to participate in training whenever they’ve been a player short. That implies Rangnick feels Fletcher has been accidentally and involuntary trying to undermine his authority. And it also suggests that the United interim boss believes his own job has been made harder. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Rangnick, throughout his time at the club, hasn’t been afraid to tell a few home truths. That honesty has failed to coax the best from the playing squad at Old Trafford, though, with virtually everybody out of form. United don’t look like a team capable of winning anything anytime soon. And Rangnick, after initially believing he’d be in contention to be the club’s next permanent boss, now thinks differently. It’s stated the former RB Leipzig and Hoffenheim boss has long come to the conclusion that anybody brought in in his situation was doomed to fail. And since becoming aware of just what’s required at United, Rangnick has become more and more critical in public. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Speaking after the Red Devils lost 4-0 to Liverpool on Tuesday night, Rangnick admitted they needed as many as 10 new players to turn their situation around. "Jurgen came six years ago and if you compare the squad he inherited, he came after eight or nine games and finished eighth, this is roundabout where we are currently,” he said. “He had a point average of that season of 1.6 but with every transfer window after that they develop the kind of squad we have today. "I am not blaming anyone, not my players nor anyone else, but we just have to realise what kind of squad they had available. "Look at their bench, look at the four players who weren't even in the squad: Roberto Firmino was the only one who was injured. “Oxlade-Chamberlain wasn't in the squad, Minamino was not in the squad, Harvey Elliott was not in the squad. This shows what kind of quality and team they have built together working with Jurgen and his team for the last six years. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "It is not just the quality of players but what kind of mentality they have, what kind of energy and physicality compared with high-speed. I would say they have 25 Formula One cars in their squad." When asked if such a plan wouldn’t happen at United due to their high turnover of managers, he then added: "Why not? In our own city it happened with Pep [Guardiola]. "If you look at the two clubs who are currently dominating the Premier League, they did exactly that. “They brought in two managers and not only did they bring in two managers, they also changed the whole thing in terms of formation, what kind of players do they need? What kind of football do we want to play? "The headline of everything was 'how do we want to play?' And underneath this headline after every transfer window, they created the team they have in both clubs. "If you analyse the situation, it's not that difficult to analyse. “The team needs a rebuild, not because some players have to go but quite a few have no contracts anymore, their contracts are expiring, then for me it's clear there will be six, seven, eight, maybe 10 new players. "And before you sign those players you need to be aware how do you want to play? What kind of football does the new manager want to play? “And then take it from there and then bring every single player fitting into that kind of profile."