The Mystery of Marilyn Monroe: The Unheard Tapes dropped on Netflix last week and has been in the top 10 most watched section on the streaming platform ever since. The actress sadly died in 1962 after an overdose of barbiturates, aged 62. However, there have been conflicting reports around the exact circumstances of where she died. Now, Netflix has unearthed the tapes recorded by investigative reporter Anthony Summers that clear up the unanswered questions over the years. At the time of her death, Marilyn was said to have been found in her bed by her psychiatrist, Ralph Greenson, who had to force his way in. Reports claimed that he was alerted to check on her following a call from Marilyn's housekeeper, Eunice Murray, who was concerned about her welfare. Now, the Netflix documentary has debunked this theory after the ambulance company owner, Walt Schaefer, claimed that she died in an ambulance. According to Walt, one of his drivers, Ken Hunter, had arrived at Marilyn's house on the night of her death and said she was in a state of unconsciousness, but was still alive. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Spider Nugent returns as Emily Bishop dies After getting her in the ambulance and being rushed to Santa Monica, she later died during the journey. In the cassette recording, Ken can be heard saying: "No, she wasn’t [dead at home]." The account he gave was substantiated by several people, including journalist John Sherlock who alleged that her psychiatrist told him she was alive and was being taken to Saint John's hospital. John said: "She died in the ambulance, then they took her back to the house. [Ralph] told me he was in the ambulance." He added that Ralph told him he was in the ambulance at the time of Monroe’s death. Six decades have passed since she died, yet conspiracies are still rife, and her death is still a widely known topic. Investigative journalist Anthony Summers was pulled in to have a look at the case several years later and spent three years carrying out interviews with those who were linked to Marilyn. One theory claims that she was killed as a result of her close relationship with President John F Kennedy and his brother, Attorney Robert Kennedy. DON'T MISS...Marilyn Monroe ‘wished to die’ before tragic passing — archive autopsy [LATEST]'Brains were Swiss cheese' Marilyn Monroe slammed by director [INSIGHT]The night Marilyn Monroe, the Queen of Hollywood, met Elizabeth, the Q [WATCH] Another explores the possibility of Marilyn being murdered, but Anthony admitted: "I did not find out anything that convinced me that she had been deliberately killed. "The true things rarely get into circulation. It's usually the false things." He said in the documentary: "If there’s any mystery about Monroe’s death, powerful and important eminent men seemed to me to be central." The film features Anthony's 350 tapes he gathered whilst investigating her death, which led to the 1985 Monroe biography, Goddess: The Secret Lives of Marilyn Monroe. In 2017 the documentary, Unacknowledged, saw ufologist Steven Greer claimed to have access to recordings of a phone call between Monroe and Robert Kennedy. The recordings hear the two speak about the President visiting a base in New Mexico to inspect things from outer space. Greer believes that the CIA killed Monroe and pressured the coroner's office to declare the death a suicide to keep the secrets of Area 51 and whatever else she knew safe. However, none of these theories has been proven, and the reason behind her death may never be known. The Mystery of Marilyn Monroe: The Unheard Tapes is streaming now on Netflix