Dele Alli's move to Everton in the winter transfer window offered the former England star a chance to revitalise his career after falling out of favour at Tottenham over the last couple of seasons. However, with the star only making 168 minutes of Premier League football since the start of February under Frank Lampard, ex-Tottenham hero Darren Bent has criticised the midfielder - claiming he cannot put the blame on the managers he has played under, and should look at himself. Alli, 25, joined Tottenham from MK Dons in February 2015 after starring at the Buckinghamshire side in his youth. He caught the eye at White Hart Lane, scoring 37 league goals in his first three seasons under Mauricio Pochettino. But after four drab seasons in north London, he found himself surplus to requirements under Antonio Conte - with Lampard offering him a chance for salvation at relegation-threatened Everton. Yet Alli has failed to impress at Goodison Park, making just five appearances whilst being an unused substitute in his last three outings. And Bent, who also went under a poor run of form at Tottenham, believes it is on Alli to help himself out if he is to get back on track. “I thought if anyone could get the best out of him, it would be Frank Lampard,” Bent told talkSPORT. BREAKING: Man Utd begin work on Kalvin Phillips transfer as welcoming present for Erik ten Hag  “Lampard played that position, there were similarities when Dele first broke through, he was a goalscoring midfielder. I thought Frank would kind of put his arm around him and go, ‘Let’s get you firing again’ but, for whatever reason, that just hasn’t happened. Dele, unfortunately, will have to look at himself. "It can’t always be [Mauricio] Pochettino at the end of his time at Tottenham, it can’t be [Jose] Mourinho, it can’t be Nuno [Espirito Santo], it can’t be [Antonio] Conte. It can’t be Frank Lampard. At some stage, he’s got to look at himself and go, ‘Hold on, there’s a big difference here.’ I remember talking to a psychologist back in the day and watching old footage of myself and comparing it to then. “If Dele is doing that now, he’ll be able to see, himself, he’s night and day away from the player that he was a couple of years ago. He’s miles away from it.” Everton are currently in serious danger of relegation after a 3-2 loss over fellow relegation rivals Burnley on Wednesday. READ MOREErik ten Hag wants to sign 'two of Ajax's best players' for Man Utd once named new managerThomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea bossMan Utd watch Darwin Nunez rough up Virgil van Dijk as Liverpool battle past Benfica  Richarlison cancelled out Nathan Collins' opener with a couple of penalties in the first half at a wet and windy Turf Moor. But some catastrophic defending by the Toffees saw Jay Rodriguez and Maxwel Cornet turn the game on its head to leave Lampard's men just one point above the Clarets with nine games left. Several bookmakers have the Toffees as favourites to go down, in what would be their first relegation since 1951. And Lampard will have to rely on players such as Alli if they are to escape the drop to the Championship.