Over a decade has passed since Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge's big day and the future Queen nows stands as one of the senior royals within the family. She has taken on a prominent role within the Royal Family and has continuously won over the public, both in the UK and internationally, with the way she approaches her role. Aside from this, she has built a wonderful relationship with other members of the family, especially the Queen. It has now been reported that Kate played an "instrumental" role in helping the Queen navigate her way through working from home during the pandemic. Royal expert Neil Sean discussed their "close bond" on a recent video on his YouTube channel, Neil Sean's Daily News Headlines.  Mr Sean said: "What's interesting to note though, is that Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge has been instrumental in making sure that the Queen is very much connected and was able to continue working from home [during the pandemic]." "I think this is a lovely, uplifting sweet positive story." The royal expert continues: "We know Catherine and William are very much part of the social media age." He notes that their YouTube channel has millions of followers. He adds: "They do incredible things and they let the world know about that throught their social media." READ MORE: Queen 'no use' to Harry and Meghan anymore as Sussexes have 'books to write' The Cambridges do do regular updates on their social media platforms, compared to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle who decided they "don't like social media". The royal expert said that, according to Prince Harry, it [social media] could be "very toxic at times". Mr Sean said, of social media: "It can help people feel less cut off, less ostracised and in the case of Her Majesty, the Queen, she's still very much part of a vibrant community able to reach out, chat to people that matter and more importantly, show the world that she's still active." This is even though she has had to "reduce her abilities to get out and about from Windsor Castle". Speaking on the Queen's entering the digital world, Mr Sean said: "She has really got to grips with it." READ MORE: POLL: Should Meghan and Harry come to UK after visiting Holland for Invictus Games? Speaking in one of his older YouTube videos, Mr Sean said that Kate "has been a very close confidant" to the Queen. He said: "We are told she is very close to Her Majesty and they have a very close bond", before adding that the Duchess "checks in with her every single day". Royal expert Duncan Larcombe has previously spoken about Kate and the Queen's “fantastic relationship". He said: “Kate strikes that balance between bowing to her as head of the royal family in public but being able to check in with her as the great-grandmother to her children.” Mr Larcombe claimed Kate has "her own direct line to speak to the Queen”. He also revealed, too, that it was Kate that taught Her Majesty how to use Zoom to stay connected to her grandchildren during the pandemic. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] Another source claimed Kate always had a “special bond” with Her Majesty but their relationship became even stronger when the Cambridge Family moved to close proximity to her. The insider added: “They developed a deeper friendship after she and [Prince] William moved from Anmer Hall, Norfolk, to Kensington Palace, which is within walking distance of Buckingham Palace.” In the early days of Kate's relationship with Prince William, the Queen reportedly did have her reservations about Kate as a future wife for William. However, these concerns were short-lived and the two now share a "close bond" within the Royal Family.