TikTok user @cierra_mistt is a popular flight attendant who shares hacks on how to get first-class upgrades for free. In one of her videos, she explained: "One of the easiest ways to get a free upgrade is literally just being nice to your gate agent and flight attendant. "The miracles we can work when we are given some Starbucks or a pack of chocolate. "Especially on those long days when we have back to back flights and we don't even have time to go get some food." According to the crew member, bringing sweets, chocolate or even coffee to the crew is a very easy way to get better treatment on board. READ MORE: Stewardess on Russian oligarch yacht asked to make 'dolphins jump' Another flight attendant, Helena Afroughi, also told Express.co.uk that this is indeed one of the best ways to get upgrades or freebies on your flight. Helena explained: "What always works is when people bring some sweets to the crew, chocolates or whatever. "And they make themselves known. "Don't just give it and run away. "Usually, people do it as a thank you but I've seen it more with people that have family working as crew too so they appreciate the crew more."  However, Helena said some people do it just because they are genuinely nice: "Like if someone brings chocolate or something we ask them if they are crew because we automatically think it's because of that. "When people do that, the cabin chief would be like 'make sure you go and ask them if he wants coffee or tea' because we can give it for free. "Obviously not everything from the snack bar though," she said. "I had this very young kid once, who came and brought us little gifts from Bath and Body Works - a shop in the US - he bought us mini hand sanitisers... It was the cutest thing ever," Helena explained. The flight attendant continued: "You can come up and talk to us a little bit. Not too much unless the conversation is flowing because I've had passengers that sit there and talk forever. "And after that, just ask away. If you ask nicely and kindly it's rare that a crew say no," she said. "Airlines have their own rules regarding freebies but it doesn't hurt to ask, you never know." TikTok sensation @cierra_mistt also shared another way to get better seats. She said: "When we move people all the way up to the front it's not just because we are being nice, but normally if our flight is full we have to move people for weight and balance purposes." As most planes are tail heavy, flight attendants need to move the people sitting at the back, who are the ones getting the free upgrade in this case, Cierra revealed. The flight attendant clarified: "Disclaimer: these aren't guaranteed to work. "These are ways that I have known to work."