Victoria Beckham, 47, looked sensational in a floor-length silver gown as she and husband David Beckham, 46, watched their eldest child get married over the weekend. Brooklyn Beckham, 23, exchanged vows with actress Nicola Peltz, 27, in a Jewish ceremony at her family’s lavish £76 million estate in Florida, after he proposed to her in July 2020. Members of the Beckham family have been sharing official snaps of the wedding, which is set to feature in Vogue magazine, on social media, with one showing Victoria and David beaming with pride as they walked down the aisle ahead of the bride. In a candid snap from her own personal collection, the 47-year-old posted a picture on her Instagram story of her father Tony and mum Jackie, as they celebrated Brooklyn’s big day. She typed: “@brooklynpeltzbeckham’s Nana and Papa looking incredible for the special day! @jackie.adams_ wearing custom Victoria Beckham.” Her father looked dapper in a black tuxedo, while her 71-year-old mum rocked a custom-made outfit from her daughter’s London atelier. READ MORE: Stacey Dooley stuns in dress amid red carpet first with Kevin Clifton Jackie’s chic navy blue tailored jumpsuit was teamed with a cropped blazer, wearing cream pointed heels and a matching clutch bag. They stood proudly beside Victoria, who looked gorgeous in a strappy silver dress, that looked like liquid metal, with a lace bodice. In a series of posts on Instagram, she revealed that it had been carefully designed and made at her fashion headquarters in London ahead of the big day, and her son Romeo’s girlfriend Mia Regan was also wearing a dress from Victoria's luxury fashion brand. Meanwhile, David posted a special message to his son Brooklyn on Instagram, as he wished the aspiring chef a "lifetime of happiness" with his wife Nicola. The former footballer uploaded an adorable snap with his three boys - Brooklyn, 23, Romeo, 19, and Cruz, 17 - who were dressed smartly ahead of the ceremony held at the Peltz family mega-mansion in Palm Beach. The men looked fashionable as the trio donned a traditional black bow tie, while groom Brooklyn wowed in a white bow tie. Alongside the photo, David typed: "My beautiful boys & a very proud dad... Congratulations Bust on a lifetime of happiness, we will always be by your side @brooklynbeckham @romeobeckham @cruzbeckham we love you @victoriabeckham."(sic) David affectionately nicknamed his eldest son Bust. DONT MISS:David and Victoria Beckham replicate Harry and Meghan's wedding look (PHOTOS)Andrea McLean's sadness after being forced to sell home amid show exit (NEWS)Gemma Atkinson on TV return as she talks 'sacked' co-star (LATEST) The image had earlier been shared by Brooklyn himself who simply captioned it: "The boys." Romeo has since uploaded the same photo to his own Instagram account following in his brother's footsteps with his words. He added his congratulations to the happy couple by posting the snap of the Beckham boys and penning: "The boys [black heart emoji] congratulations @brooklynbeckham @nicolaannepeltz." Cruz also took to Instagram to show his love and support for the newlyweds and shared some snaps from the big day, alongside some red heart emojis. Proud mum Victoria also "welcomed" Nicola into the Beckham family after posting a snap of the couple on their wedding day and penning: "Congratulations Mr and Mrs Beckham X Welcome to the family.” In a separate photo shared by David, Nicola and Brooklyn they looked every inch an A-list couple as the couple took to the dance floor at their wedding reception. The Transformers actress looked chic in a satin white dress with delicate lace gloves, keeping her hair simple in a half-up look. Fans swooned over the pair in the comment section. Pppiccioli said: “Congratulations to all the family.”