Tom Parker, sadly died last Wednesday aged 33 after being diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour. His widow, Kelsey Parker, has since taken to Instagram to respond to last night's touching tribute to her late husband at the Grammys 2022. Tom's death was announced 17 months after he told fans that he had been diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour, stage four glioblastoma, in October 2020. His diagnosis came shortly after he married Kelsey in 2018, and welcomed their two children in 2019 and 2020 respectively. Kelsey has taken to Instagram to react to last night's emotional tribute to The Wanted singer Tom at the Grammy Awards. In view of her 249,000 Instagram followers she shared a video clip of the Grammys' segment along with the caption: "THE GRAMMYS." READ MORE: Midsomer Murders' Fiona Dolman says she saw a new side to Neil Dudgeon She then shared a screenshot on her Instagram story showing Tom on the big screen, alongside added love heart emojis. During the Grammys, there was an emotional memorial segment which honored Tom as well as the Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins, who died last month. The annual music awards ceremony was taking place in Las Vegas and a picture of Tom was shown on screen, alongside 'The Wanted'. Singers Ben Platt, Cynthia Erivo, Leslie Odom Jr and Rachel Zegler sang a medley of Sondheim songs to honour the stars who had died. Many social media users took to Twitter to share their emotions as they saw Tom on screen. No_surprises said: "I broke down seeing Tom Parker's name during the memoriam at the #GRAMMYS. I'm so glad he was included." Heskissv added: "Seeing Tom Parker on the memorial screen hurt me more than I thought, I still can't believe what happened #GRAMMYS." Right until the end, Tom had, with the blessing of wife Kelsey, refused to hear his prognosis in a bid to maintain a positive outlook on his condition. DON'T MISS... Kelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home [INSIGHT] Chris Rock's brother hits out at Will Smith again over Oscars slap [OPINION] Sally Nugent breaks silence on Dan Walker's BBC Breakfast exit news [BBC] The pair had pointed to rare cases where brain tumour sufferers had survived for up to 25 years following diagnosis. However, those who, like Tom, have received a grade four glioblastoma diagnosis, typically live between three and 18 months after receiving the bad news. His final performance with The Wanted had taken place on March 17 in Liverpool, barely two weeks before the tragedy. The increasingly frail star had been too weak to sing the words to his best known hits, but was delighted to be onstage with his bandmates in a throwback to the good old days. He instead received help from his band and the audience as the visibly emotional vocalist mouthed along with the words. Sadly one of Tom's eyes was forced shut at his final performance due to the progression of his tumour, but he was determined to continue, simply wearing sunglasses to disguise it. Last week, Kelsey had taken to Instagram to announce his death. "It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side," she wrote to the many fans who had been desperate for news. "Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence." She added: "We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children."