Manchester United are looking increasingly likely to name Erik ten Hag as their next manager, despite also admiring Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique. The Red Devils are bracing themselves for a big summer ahead. And the appointment of a new manager is their top priority as they plan for a better and brighter future. Manchester United have been exploring their managerial options ever since sacking Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in November, with the 49-year-old losing his job after a 4-1 hammering to Watford at Vicarage Road. Pochettino was initially the frontrunner to take over but, when it became apparent he wouldn’t be allowed to leave Paris Saint-Germain midway through the season, the Red Devils decided to hire Ralf Rangnick on an interim basis instead. United are now believed to be eyeing Ten Hag, with the Ajax boss open to leaving Amsterdam for a new challenge elsewhere after nearly five full years with the Eredivisie outfit. So, with that being the case, it’s time to look at what a potential announcement of the 52-year-old would entail. Let’s start with the obvious. A fancy graphic. United usually announce signings in such a fashion, with their media team putting a picture together with black and white images and red writing. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here They did this back in the summer, when they secured deals for Cristiano Ronaldo, Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane. Therefore, it’s certainly reasonable to expect something similar when it comes to Ten Hag - perhaps images of him winning titles with Ajax to show what he’s capable of. Secondly, there will be some quotes from a senior figure. In the years since Sir Alex Ferguson retired, the likes of David Moyes, Jose Mourinho, Louis van Gaal and Solskjaer have all come and gone. With every new appointment, there have been quotes from Ed Woodward to accompany it. Now he’s no longer at the club, that’s something that isn’t expected to change. United recently announced a new deal for Bruno Fernandes, with the Portugal international extending his contract until 2026. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players And it was John Murtough who spoke out with the announcement, with the United chief saying: “Everyone is well aware of Bruno’s importance to Manchester United. “His goals and assists record is phenomenal and he has performed remarkably consistently since he joined the Club. “Bruno’s work-rate, dedication and fantastic attitude are exactly what we want from a Manchester United player. “He is the ultimate professional with many fantastic attributes to drive the high standards required to play for this great Club. “Bruno, like everyone across the Football Club, remains hugely ambitious and determined to deliver sustained success on the pitch to get us back to challenging for titles.” Thirdly, there will be quotes from Ten Hag himself. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United want to make an announcement before the end of the campaign but the Ajax boss is currently busy in the Netherlands trying to win another league title. Therefore, it’s not unreasonable to think Ten Hag will keep it short and sweet. The time for speaking properly, after all, will come later. And the fourth and final thing we’re expecting is for United to get somebody with knowledge of the 52-year-old, and the club, to speak out. Perhaps a fellow Dutchman such as Robin van Persie or Jaap Stam, both of which have been linked with blockbuster returns to be part of Ten Hag’s coaching set-up. For now, though, this is all in conjecture. United are yet to formalise any agreement with Ten Hag or with Ajax, two hurdles they still need to overcome. Ten Hag was interviewed by Sport1 during the week and, though he stressed he was currently focused on his job with Ajax, he did also imply he was open to pursuing a new challenge. “My focus is currently only on Ajax. But in football you never know,” he told Sport1. “I don't want to rule anything out. If at some point I should decide to take the next step, I hope that people here will understand. “Everyone knows each other in the industry. “There are always talks with representatives from other clubs, that's normal. “Manchester United is a great club with great fans. But I can only repeat myself: My full focus is completely on Ajax! “We are already planning for the new season.”