Kate, Duchess of Cambridge is rarely pictured without her stunning 12-carat sapphire and diamond engagement ring which once famously belonged to the late Princess Diana. After several years of dating, Prince William finally proposed to his university girlfriend with the ring in Kenya in 2010. And during their engagement interview, William said the ring was “very special” to him just like Kate is, so it made sense to “put the two together.” According to one jewellery expert, William’s decision to give Kate his late mother’s ring showed William was sure he had found a match his mother would have approved of. Laura Suttie, Design Consultant & Gemmologist at Queensmith.co.uk, told Express.co.uk: “Kate Middleton famously wears the engagement ring of Prince William’s late mother, Princess Diana. “There is so much sentimental value to re-using the heirloom piece, a symbol that William feels Diana would have approved of their union - and perhaps symbolic of the qualities Kate and Diana have in common that William so much adores.” According to another jewellery expert, the decision to pass on the historic gem to Kate showed William’s will for her to continue with Diana’s work. READ MORE: Prince Andrew faces being stripped of major British honour TONIGHT  Jeremy Hinds, Sales Director at jewellery experts F Hinds, told Express.co.uk: “William chose to give his mother's engagement ring to Kate because he saw it as a way to continue Diana's legacy.” Upon her engagement to Prince Charles in 1981, Diana chose the sapphire ring from Garrard & Co., the then-royal jewellers, which effectively meant anyone who could afford its staggering price tag could bag the ring for themselves. The sapphire ring quickly became a hit with the public and it remains a popular style today. Mr Hinds added: “After Prince Charles proposed to Princess Diana in 1981, Diana chose this unique ring herself.  “She was a great lover of jewellery and gemstones, so it only seemed natural for her to choose an engagement ring with a striking 12-carat blue sapphire surrounded by 14 diamonds. “Even though it caused controversy at the time, it inspired many women to choose sapphire engagement rings and jewellery, and this love was increased even further when William gave Diana's ring to Kate when he proposed to her in 2010.” While the ring’s design has remained the same since the 1980s, Kate had to have Diana’s ring altered slightly as it was too big for her ring finger. To do this, jeweller G. Collins and Sons added small platinum beads inside the band which negated the need for any major alterations to the ring. DON'T MISS:Queen was 'concerned' about 'brat' William as a toddler [INSIGHT]King Willem-Alexander family tree: How Dutch royal is related to Queen [EXPLAINER]Queen’s watch collection includes rarest watch of all worth £3m [PICTURES]  While Diana’s sapphire engagement ring went to Kate, Prince Harry made sure to include his mother’s memory in his engagement ring for Meghan Markle too. Harry and Meghan announced their engagement in 2017, and Harry opted for a diamond trilogy ring for his bride-to-be. The central largest diamond in Meghan’s ring was sourced from Botswana, where the couple had spent time together during the early stages of their relationship. The diamond is flanked on either side by two smaller diamonds from Diana’s personal jewellery collection. 