The price of milk is set to leap 50 percent, while a pack of butter will jump by a quarter. Sunflower oil – and products containing it, like crisps – alongside staples such as bread and potatoes are all likely to become dearer. Eggs will also become more expensive amid spiralling production costs. The warning comes after worried dairy farmer leaders from the UK flew into Brussels for crisis talks with EU colleagues. The cost of four pints of milk will rise from around £1.15 to between £1.60 and £1.70, according to an adviser to dairy farmers Kite Consulting. A typical pack of butter could increase from £1.55 to more than £2 while farmers report fertiliser prices leaping from £7,000 a load to £28,000 a load. The National Farmers’ Union (NFU) has become increasingly worried about the future of UK food growers. It has written to the Government calling for urgent action and set up a taskforce to monitor the situation and work out when to intervene. Minette Batters, president of the NFU, said: “Farmers are experiencing unprecedented costs when buying fertiliser, alongside tightening supplies, and it’s critical that government put in place measures to mitigate some of these effects. “We are continuing to engage with government on the importance of fertiliser and about ways it can ensure stability and confidence in the food supply chain. “I think the impact has been felt most harshly in the protected crop sector, that’s aubergines, peppers, cucumbers. “We are already seeing massive contractions, because these businesses – really 50 percent of those costs – are reliant on the price of gas. If you take the normal price – the average for a therm of gas – at 60p, a grower I spoke to yesterday said it’s now 600p. “We are seeing massive contraction, they were talking about 80 million cucumbers to 35 million, 100 million peppers to 50 million. “We have lived with a very savage retail price war for some time now. We are looking at the cost of a chicken 50 percent higher than it was last year. “We are seeing wheat prices going to places we have never seen before. Ukraine and Russia are massive exporters of wheat. “Of course, it’s going to drive massive inflation. But we have to act to make sure consumers have affordable food and we don’t contract production.” Experts believe the knock-on effect of the Ukraine conflict and the hike in energy bills could see the price of bread increase by 20 percent, pasta 50 percent and potatoes 30 percent. John Allen, of Kite Consulting, predicts a 30-year period of low milk prices “coming to an end now” as costs surge on multiple fronts. He said: “What is of concern at present is processors are getting inflationary costs as well and also we are short of milk around the world.” Farmer Michael Oakes, chair of the NFU dairy board, said: “Rapid inflation of input costs, with fertiliser prices rising four-fold, animal feed rising by 70 percent and fuel costs continuing to soar, means that for most dairy farmers the cost of production is much higher than the price they are currently receiving for their milk. “We know the British public hugely value the high-quality, sustainable dairy products farmers produce. “Farmers are not responsible for setting the price of milk for the public, so we’re asking for fairness across the whole supply chain to manage these inflationary pressures and to ensure that farmers are being supported through these challenging times.” Jason Bull, director of commodities and food ingredients supplier Eurostar Commodities, said: “We are in unprecedented times. We’ve had Brexit, Covid, global warming and now a war. Suppliers are cancelling contracts with immediate effect and putting in big increases. Freight costs are going up while stock is still at sea.” The latest product to come under pressure is sunflower oil. Supermarkets reported running low on the oil yesterday as shoppers rushed to stock up. And pesto lovers will have to search for the sauce made from alternatives such as olive oil – which is up to four times more expensive and produced at nowhere near the same quantities. Other alternatives are being tested, such as rapeseed oil and even soya oil, reported trade journal The Grocer, though there are concerns over taste. Crispin Truman, chief executive of CPRE, the countryside charity, said: “Hard-hit rural communities are bearing the brunt of the cost-of-living crisis, with both heating and transport costs causing real pain. “More than 1.5 million homes in the countryside use heating oil, which is not even covered by the energy price cap and has tripled in price in the last six months. On top of that, average wages in rural communities are lower than the average in cities.” The British Egg Industry Council said consumers could see egg shortages within “a matter of weeks” unless retailers raise prices to cover rapidly increasing production costs. It said farmers were losing money on every egg they produced due to feed cost increases, exacerbated by the war in Ukraine, which had added 25p to 30p per dozen. The industry body warned that customers were likely to see shortages without urgent action. It predicted 10 to 15 percent of farmers could leave the industry, with many on the brink of bankruptcy due to the unprecedented rises in the cost of production. Considerably more food businesses are being forced to pass on their rising costs to customers as they reported being worse hit by inflation than many other companies. The Office for National Statistics said that 58 percent of food and beverage businesses have reported passing on price rises to customers in March. In the economy as a whole, 37 percent of all businesses reported the same. It comes as the data shows food and drink companies are being especially squeezed by inflation across the economy. One animal feed manufacturer said: “Goods imported are taking longer to reach us. They cost more, and we are having to consider other suppliers’ goods whose prices are higher than what we paid before.”