Snooker legend Jimmy White has rubbished Ronnie O’Sullivan’s laid back interview following the opening session of his World Championship semi-final with John Higgins. Following Thursday’s action, O’Sullivan mentioned that he ‘doesn’t care’ and ‘doesn’t give a monkeys’ if he wins. The Rocket currently finds himself locked on four frames apiece with long-time rival Higgins, and despite the clash being a close and nervy affair, the same couldn’t be said for his post-session interview. Afterwards O’Sullivan told Eurosport: “I don’t actually care to be honest with you, I’m just here to enjoy myself. “If I get beat 17-4 I’m just going to have fun, enjoy it. That’s my motto. Life has to be good, life has to be fun. It’s just a game of snooker. I’m really delighted to be here.” He went on: “I don’t give a monkeys, in the last seven years, in a nice way. “I’m just here to play and have fun like when I was a 10-year-old. I can get over it. There’s so much good stuff going on, it’s a little dent, whereas before it would be a write-off and the car would be at the menders for six months. Now it’s a little polished, we move on. Life’s great, life’s fantastic.” It remains unknown as to whether O’Sullivan’s relaxed approach is just a front or not, however fellow snooker star White is less than convinced by his comments. Speaking during his punditry role on Eurosport he said: “That’s not the truth. He is trying his heart out… “He would love to equal Hendry’s record and beat it in the next few years, so I don’t buy into that. He said after the second match he has a good team around him and is seeing Steve Peters, so he is trying to win the competition.” White instead believes the Rocket’s bizarre comments are in fact down to his frustrations with the table. He added: “I think even though he played well that might have been a bit of frustration on how heavy the table was. We love Ronnie O’Sullivan, he has the biggest heart we have ever seen. “I don’t buy into that at all, as he has put every effort he can and given himself the best chance he can of winning this World Championship.” O’Sullivan will return to the table this afternoon, as the Rocket chases down a record-equalling seventh World Championship title and a sixth crown at the Crucible.