The hugely popular and action-packed CBS series has been officially renewed for an impressive 20th season. Unfortunately, the NCIS task force has been without its iconic Special Agent in Charge, Leroy Jethro Gibbs (played by Mark Harmon) since the fourth episode of the current instalment. Although the door is still open for his return, a recent update on series regular Sean Murray’s Instagram may have closed off the opportunity for good. Timothy McGee star Sean’s latest Instagram post seems to confirm Leroy Gibbs is officially no longer a part of the long-running crime drama. Shortly after CBS announced season 20 was in the works, Sean took to Instagram with a collage of some NCIS favourites. He captioned his new post: “Here we go again, baby... =) #ncis #season20.” A number of photos of the show’s current cast form a “20” to commemorate the milestone season, which is set to premiere later this year. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage However, Gibbs was nowhere to be found within the formation, leading some fans to protest his absence in the comments of Sean’s post. NCIS enthusiast @am_i_thee_drama asked Sean: “No Mark Harmon?” “Still no Gibbs,” replied @cmamentu08, adding a shocked face emoji. Sean’s post featured McGee alongside the likes of series mainstays Donald ‘Ducky’ Mallard (David McCallum), Dr Jimmy Palmer (Brian Dietzen) and NCIS Director Leon Vance (Rocky Carroll). Also featured are the team's newer members, Nicolas Torres (Wilmer Valderrama), Kasie Hines (Diona Reasonover), Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) and Alden Parker (Gary Cole). This seems to confirm the show’s current cast will all be returning for season 20, but not Gibbs. @brandy.ramsey pleaded: “Gibbs needs to come back for a few episodes.” While IG user @thomasoutdoors88 also demanded: “Bring Gibbs or Tony back.” DON'T MISS:Outlander season 6: Malva star hints at return [INTERVIEW]The Walking Dead: Alpha’s origins teased in Tales of the Walking Dead [VIDEO]Game of Thrones’ Maisie Williams ‘resented’ Arya role [INSIGHT] There have also been calls for Michael Weatherly to reprise his role as agent Tony DiNozzo as the star’s new series, Bull, is coming to an end with its sixth season. However, fans are mostly concerned about Gibbs’ potential return following his unexpected departure at the end of last year. Having remained a key member of the main cast for over 18 seasons, Gibbs’ role in the series was reduced when he was suspended by Director Vance. He then apparently left the series for good in the fourth episode of season 19, Great Wide Open, in which he decided to relocate to Alaska. The show’s long-running viewers were distraught to see him go, especially so soon after fan-favourite Ellie Bishop (Emily Wickersham) also left for an undercover CIA mission. Could Gibbs eventually come back for a guest appearance, perhaps for a surprise cameo at the end of the current season? Former series regular Mark has remained an executive producer on the show, so there is still a small possibility the NCIS team could drop in on Gibbs in the near future. NCIS season 19 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA and is available to stream now on Disney+.