Villarreal must exploit Trent Alexander-Arnold's defensive weaknesses, claims former Aston Villa captain Gabriel Agbonlahor. Liverpool welcome Villarreal to Anfield this evening in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final. Liverpool are huge favourites to reach the final and play either Manchester City or Real Madrid. But last season's Europa League winners Villarreal have already knocked out Bayern Munich on their way to the last four. Alexander-Arnold is set to start for Liverpool, four days after he was troubled by Everton's Anthony Gordon in Sunday's Merseyside derby. Agbonlahor says Villarreal boss Unai Emery must play his quickest player on the England star's side of the pitch to give his team the best chance of pulling off an upset. Agbonlahor said on talkSPORT: "How good was Gordon on Trent [Alexander]-Arnold?” And I know Trent [Alexander]-Arnold is an amazing footballer, but he’s the weakness defensively. READ MORE: Man Utd may be about to sign their own 'Xavi and Andres Iniesta' for Erik ten Hag  “So if I’m Villarreal tonight, I’m putting my quickest possible player on that left hand side on Trent [Alexander]-Arnold. Gordon, every time he was up against him, got past him. “So that would be my tactics, even though you would probably get [Ibrahima] Konate come over and cover anyway. But it would definitely be to target that right-back side.” Villarreal are seventh in La Liga but have saved their best football this season for the Champions League. And Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp is wary of the threat of the current Europa League champions. Speaking at his pre-match press conference, Klopp said: "Of course we did the proper analysis. I had a lot of respect for Unai Emery and Villarreal before, because I saw the games but only with one eye against Bayern, Juve a little bit. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag has already made an exciting transfer request to Man Utd board [OPINION]Erik ten Hag ‘pushes Man Utd’ into exploring free agent transfer this summer [REPORT]Mohamed Salah leaving Liverpool could deliver huge blow to Erik ten Hag's Man Utd plans [TRANSFERS]  "But meanwhile, I watched them properly and, wow, impressive. Unai looks like, if you watch his team, a detail-obsessed manager who prepares for all different situations in a game and that's what his team is executing. "It’s really, really good – different ways to build up, different ways to press, different ways to react on different results. Really, really impressive. "Obviously Unai is a world-class coach and is doing an incredible job there. So saying that, the good thing about all the analysis is we are not involved in these games. "We have to fit in us then and our job has to be that we must make life as difficult as possible for them as well. That’s what we try to do over these two legs."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here