The Finnish MP and the country's minister for European Affairs explained how strong Finland's defence force was despite the country previously remaining neutral. Russian President Vladimir Putin has tried to pressure Sweden and Finland not to join NATO, but both countries have ignored the dictator's warning and are pushing for just that. Ms Tuppurianen encouraged the process to be sped up so that Finland can join despite more talking being held on the matter in the Finnish parliament. Ms Tuppurainen told Sky News: "Security of the Baltic region is of course, very very important to us. "But let me tell you that Finland is a very strong you know... We have a very strong defence force. "And we would increase the security in the Baltic region when we join NATO, it would be a resource, not a burden. Sky News presenter Niall Paterson said: "Just in practical terms then minister, how quickly could the process of accession to NATO... How quickly could that process conclude?"  JUST IN: Boris Johnson charges on with ‘cruel’ Rwanda plan with hopes to begin flights ‘in weeks’     Ms Tuppurainen added: "Well it depends on the NATO member states including the UK. "We count on the open-door policy of NATO, it is of utmost importance to Finland. "We have been repeatedly told that we are welcome, but of course, it needs ratification in every member state's, in their parliaments. "And you know, the entering period between us leaving the membership publication and becoming a member of NATO can become really nasty. READ MORE: Air raid sirens and explosions ringing across Ukraine following sinking of Moskva warship    "So I think it's in the best interests of us all, that the ratification process is as swift... As quick as possible. "Like I said, we haven't made the decision yet, we will discuss it in our parliament and then act accordingly." Russian President Vladimir Putin has warned both Sweden and Finland in the past about joining NATO, as he sees it as a threat. Many political and military experts have speculated as to how the Kremlin will react if both countries join.  Deputy chairman of Russia’s Security Council, Dmitry Medvedev, and one of President Putin’s closest allies, has threatened Finland to stop them from trying to align more with the West by joining NATO. Mr Medvedev said: “There can be no more talk of any nuclear-free status for the Baltic – the balance must be restored. “If our hand is forced, well, take note it wasn’t us who proposed this.” 