Russian President Putin ominously warned on Wednesday that if any other country intervenes in Ukraine, Russia will respond with “instruments nobody else can boast of, and we will use them if we have to”. This chilling warning was echoed by Russian Foreign Minister, Sergei Lavrov, who said the threat of nuclear war “should not be underestimated”. In an interview with Russian-state media about the possibility of nuclear war, Mr Lavrov said: “The danger is serious. It is real. It should not be underestimated.” The fierce rhetoric comes as Russian troops struggle to make significant progress in Ukraine. But Mark Voyger, a senior fellow with the Transatlantic Defense and Security Program at the Center for European Analysis, does not believe the UK or US are at real risk of a nuclear attack from Russia. He told Express.co.uk: “I personally do not believe that they would go automatically into a mutual destruction regime and launch a strategic nuclear strike on say, the US or the UK. “Why? First of all, they could have done it a long time ago if they had an intention to launch a preemptive strike. If that was their choice they would have done it earlier. “And they know quite well, even though the West is not willing to fight a nuclear war that we're more than capable. “Britain has strategic nuclear missiles, submarines, etc, and so does the US and in sufficient numbers to incinerate Russia. “So the question becomes, would Putin and his regime be willing to effectively not only plunge the war into a nuclear conflagration but ultimately die in the process or several months later? “Because whatever bunkers they may have, a global nuclear war would mean the end of humanity.” Mr Voyger explains Putin wants to win the war in Ukraine, push NATO away from the Russian border and intimidate the West. But his number one strategic goal is rebuilding a “Soviet Union 2.0”. “If he starts a global nuclear war ultimately this dream will collapse because Russia will be incinerated too, so I don't think that he's ready to do it preemptively,” Mr Voyger added. He explains Russia has been monitoring attitudes in the West for years and knows the prospect of war is incredibly unpopular - particularly a pan-European war or one with a nuclear threat. He continued: “So they try to project an image to us that is pretty much brinksmanship. You know, ‘we're ready to die, are you?’ “Of course, the sabre-rattling is meant to scare us, to dissuade us from helping Ukraine and in the hope that ultimately the populations of the Western countries will put pressure on the politicians and they'll say, ‘well, we don't want to fight Russia’. “And of course, they also think that politicians will be forced to take such threats seriously.” British Prime Minister Boris Johnson and US President Joe Biden have largely dismissed Russia’s “bravado” and “dangerous” nuclear war rhetoric, with the UK calling on Western allies to “double down” on their support for Ukraine. Earlier this week, President Biden said it was “irresponsible” for Putin to continue making “idle” comments about nuclear war. Meanwhile, British Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said he was “not rattled” by Putin’s words because NATO forces “outgun and outnumber” Russia. Mr Voyger added: “We need to be sending [the Kremlin] very strong messages. “Prime Minister Johnson and President Biden have been stating that any such act would bring about a strong response from the West. “Strong messaging to Russia is needed so that they know that we're not scared and they shouldn't even consider such dramatic actions.” Without a strong response, Putin could consider a “tactical nuclear strike” on Ukraine or another smaller nation as a show of power.