Incoming Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has plenty of problems to solve on the pitch when he finally takes charge at Old Trafford. But potentially the biggest issue facing the Dutchman is one that was first highlighted last August. And it is a problem that interim boss Ralf Rangnick has failed to fix since he took over from the sacked Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. That obstacle is the total lack of harmony among the squad, which has put the pressure on a succession of managers. That is a cycle that Ten Hag will need to break when he assumes his position in the Old Trafford dugout. The Dutchman will do well to remember John Barnes' analysis last summer that acts as a warning to whoever is in the hotseat at United. "The harmony, consistency and balance is where Manchester United have faltered. They've played well against the big teams but they've been inconsistent and I think that will still be an issue for them next year, because the pressure is not on the team, it's always on the manager," Barnes told BonusCodeBets.co.uk last August. READ MORE: Man Utd decision-makers against Erik ten Hag's plan for Paul Mitchell "Once you have a situation whereby the pressure's on the manager, now and again the team won't perform and people will then blame the manager. Player for player, they've got a great team. I'm not talking about harmony within the camp. "It's more to do with the pressure that the team is under to perform. Once you start putting the manager under pressure - Arsene Wenger went through it, lots of Liverpool managers went through it - you'll see inconsistency." DON'T MISS: Man Utd to give Ten Hag 'significant funds' but reject Rangnick idea (NEWS)Four stars Man Utd and Chelsea could fight for if Declan Rice stays (TRANSFERS)Man Utd players have Maguire suspicion as Ten Hag schedules talks (INSIGHT) That problem with avoiding coming under pressure will be especially important for Ten Hag. United will be both his first job in the Premier League and a huge step up in expectations from Ajax. Managing those expectations successfully has been something Rangnick has not been able to manage. But Ten Hag must do so if he is to avoid falling into the trap that Barnes highlighted nearly nine months ago.