New research carried out by Clean Cities Campaign showed that less than eight percent of all new car registrations in London were diesel in 2021. On top of that, diesel sales have fallen by 90 percent across the UK, while electric car sales increased by 1,674 percent. Analysis by the Clean Cities Campaign showed the sales of new diesel cars are in freefall as less than eight percent of all new car registrations in London were diesel in 2021, compared to 13 percent in 2020 and 20 percent in 2019. The data also revealed that Islington could be on track to be the first London borough to go diesel-free with a total of 6,818 diesel cars registered - the lowest of any borough. Additionally, only 69 new diesel cars are estimated to have been purchased in 2021 in the borough. Islington introduced a diesel surcharge on resident permits in 2015 and other boroughs have adopted similar measures. READ MORE: Land Rover becomes the most loved automotive brand in the UK Islington could potentially be free of new diesel cars in 12 months - by the middle of 2023. Clean Cities Campaign partner, Mums for Lungs, also urged all boroughs ahead of the local elections to go a step further by providing no new parking permits for diesel cars from 2023 (exempting blue badge holders), where controlled parking zones are applied. Boroughs with the fewest diesel cars are mostly in Inner London where registrations are lowest and where the London Mayor’s Ultra Low Emission Zone has been in place since April 2019. However, campaigners feel that some Inner London boroughs could be going further and faster. DON'T MISS Controversial EU law scrapped as motorists set to save £2billion [REVEAL] Homes with space for two or more cars ‘not acceptable' [SHOCKING] Drivers urged to make use of new safety features - 'Guardian angel' [INSIGHT] This includes Wandsworth, which is yet to introduce a diesel surcharge on residents permits. Diesel accounts for 28 percent of residents’ cars in Wandsworth - putting it on par with Havering, Hillingdon and Hounslow as one of the areas where residents are more likely to own diesel cars in London. Oliver Lord, UK Head of Clean Cities Campaign, said: “After years of campaigning and industry smokescreens, the end is in sight for diesel cars. “We’ll go far quicker, and save thousands more lives if we give them a final push into the scrapyard. “Local authorities must do everything they can to nudge behaviour, including ending car parking permits for new diesel cars from next year and committing to go diesel free by 2030. “This would create an important milestone on the journey to healthy air and tackling the climate crisis.” Despite the downward trend in some areas, diesel is still a disproportionate contributor to air pollution. Recent research showed that diesel cars in London cause three times as much pollution as trucks and lorries. Pollution from diesel cars contributes to the early deaths of 4,000 Londoners and leads to debilitating illness at an early age, including stunted lungs and conditions from asthma to heart disease. David Nicholson, Wandsworth resident and member of Mums for Lungs, said: “Fifteen years ago we called time on cigarette smoke in pubs. “Local councils must now call time on diesel smoke in our communities contaminating the air we breathe. “This is especially important to protect children, people with asthma and less well-off people who are forced to live next to busy roads.”