Meghan, Duchess of Sussex has a very impressive figure but tends to turn to one sport when it comes to exercise. This is a stark contrast to most members of the Royal Family, who like horse-riding and team sports such as rugby. People's personalities influence their sports choice.  Athletes generally choose a sport based on their personality type. For instance, an extrovert may be more inclined to play team sports, while introverts are likely to lean towards individual activities. In December 2016, Meghan Markle told Women’s Health: “I love an intense vinyasa class – and even better if it’s blasting hip-hop and done in a dark room with candlelight. The best! I’ll do yoga a couple of times a week – hot yoga specifically.” The Duchess also previously told Best Health Magazine: "I was very resistant as a kid, but [my mum] said, 'Flower, you will find your practice – just give it time.' "In college, I started doing it more regularly."  READ MORE: Weight loss: Why you should count chemicals and not calories A health and fitness expert, Sarah Campus from LDN Mums Fitness, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about why Meghan prefers yoga over these team sports that Kate Middleton would prefer. Sarah said: “Meghan has been a long-time advocate of yoga, with her mother Doria Ragland — who is an instructor in Los Angeles — playing a major role in her love for the practice. “Yoga is Meghan’s thing, she started doing mummy-and-me yoga with her mother when she was seven. “As a child, she was very resistant, but her mother told her to give it time and that she will eventually find her flow, which happened and as such since college she has practised yoga regularly.”  What would Meghan's specific yoga routine be, and what kind of impact has this had on her figure? Sarah continued: “Meghan’s favourite type of yoga is an intense vinyasa class – and even better if it’s blasting hip-hop and done in a dark room with candlelight. “The best in her eyes! “She’ll do yoga a couple of times a week – hot yoga specifically.  “Meghan's dedication to yoga shows in her lithe physique. “Yoga is more than just a physical workout. “Yoga itself means union between body and mind, and taking even just a few minutes to practice can help refuel one's spirit and sense of self which has reflected upon Meghan. “Yoga generates heat within the muscles, which reduces the risk of injury so that you can safely burn as many as 600 calories a session while conditioning your entire body.”  What does Meghan’s love of yoga reveal about her personality? Sarah elaborated on whether Meghan searches for calmness in all aspects of life. She said: “Meghan’s personality is thoughtful and idealistic. “She strives to support people and help them reach their potential which has been supported through yoga with its focus, concentration and flow of the mind, body and soul. “Meghan goes above and beyond for friends, family and those in need, so certainly this personality reaches to all aspects of her life.” 