Iwan Thomas, 48, met Prince Harry, 37, at an event for the Royal Family’s campaign called Heads Together surrounding everyday mental health and well being. The Olympian and the Duke of Sussex opened up to each other about the mental health hurdles they had to overcome in their lives. In a new interview with Express.co.uk, Iwan revisited his conversation with Prince Harry and the conclusions he drew from it. Iwan, who has now partnered with ASICS on a campaign to inspire people to exercise for the mind, described the Duke as “very supportive”. He said: “I thought he was brilliant. It was a good few years now, when he set up a charity, Heads Together. “And I got invited to a barbecue and we just got chatting and we spoke a lot about, you know, some dark time I had when it was evident my career was over as an athlete and I couldn’t train properly. “He was just really supportive and like a really good guy. “I think people like Prince Harry and other high profile people have made it more acceptable to talk out.” Iwan explained: “And it is okay not to be okay. I think perhaps certainly with men in the past, [they] have tried to be very macho and very manly. “‘I can’t admit I’m weak’ or ‘It’s a sign of weakness if I’m feeling down’, and it’s not at all, I think it’s a sign of strength that people who kind of have the courage to talk up.” During the barbecue, Harry aimed to highlight the message that anyone can struggle with mental health issues, regardless of their occupation or status. He said: “If you can improve your own well-being and everyone else’s around you as well, and get your mind as strong as your body, imagine what we could achieve.” Harry added: “The key message here today is that everyone can suffer from mental health [issues]. “Whether you’re a member of the royal family, whether you’re a soldier, whether you’re a sports star, whether you’re a team sport, individual sport, whether you’re a white van driver, whether you’re a mother, father, a child, it doesn’t really matter.” DON'T MISS...Ricky Gervais defies woke claims Chris Rock 'deserved' slap at Oscars [UPDATE]Dianne Buswell 'inspired' by Oti Mabuse's career ventures off Strictly [COMMENT]Naga Munchetty fires back at BBC Breakfast fan's warning over weight [LATEST] Prince Harry himself has previously opened up on his mental health struggles and supported a variety of organisations around the subject. He once admitted he bottled up his feelings, and regrets not talking about his mother’s death until he was much older. In an interview in 2016, the royal stressed that talking about suffering was “not a weakness”. “It is OK to suffer, but as long as you talk about it,” the Duke told BBC Breakfast. “It is not a weakness. Weakness is having a problem and not recognising it and not solving that problem.” He added: “A lot of people think if you’ve got a job if you’ve got financial security, if you’ve got a family, you’ve got a house, all that sort of stuff, everyone seems to think that is all you need and you are absolutely fine to deal with stuff.” Harry went on: “It is very easy for someone to look at someone like Rio Ferdinand and say, ‘You get paid all the money in the world, you are a successful footballer, you have fast cars.’ “But at the end of the day, his wife was snatched from him at an early stage of his life with her. “So of course, he is going to suffer, it doesn’t matter if he has an amazing job.”