Manchester City officials have reportedly visited Mino Raiola in hospital to push through a deal for his client Erling Haaland. Borussia Dortmund striker Haaland has become one of the best strikers on the planet in recent years and has been tipped to move to the Etihad Stadium this summer. Super-agent Raiola was recently taken to hospital for the second time in four months and was forced to confirm he was still alive on Thursday after reports had claimed he had died. And the 54-year-old appears to be carrying on with his work as City chiefs entered the hospital to progress with their Haaland negotiations, according to the Manchester Evening News. City are clearly desperate to get their hands on Haaland, who has a release clause in his current contract which would allow him to depart Dortmund for just £63million. Pep Guardiola’s side have an abundance of talent in their attack but lack an out-and-out striker who can consistently put the ball in the back of the net. With the amount of chances City create, Haaland would surely be confident of racking-up goal after goal in England. And the transfer fee would represent excellent value for a prolific goalscorer who still has his best days ahead of him. READ MORE: Tottenham's Eriksen return hopes boosted as midfielder makes 'preference' clear   Haaland is still only 21 years old but has already scored a remarkable 82 goals in 86 games for Dortmund since joining the club from RB Salzburg at the start of 2020. And over the last year he has been linked with a whole host of Europe’s best clubs, including Real Madrid, Barcelona, Manchester United and Liverpool. Raiola is widely expected to broker a deal for Haaland this summer, but there are now huge concerns across football for the agent’s health. The Italian, who also represents the likes of Paul Pogba, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Matthijs de Ligt, was hospitalised in January with an unspecified issue. And he is now reportedly critically ill in intensive care. DON'T MISS Roy Keane rants after Man Utd draw to Chelsea as Jamie Redknapp holds back laughter [REACTION]West Ham fans 'attack' German media after Michail Antonio goal against Frankfurt[REPORT]Liverpool 'considering two more signings' after completing Fabio Carvalho transfer[GOSSIP]      Earlier this week, Raiola’s right-hand man Jose Fortes Rodriguez was forced to address the inaccurate reports which had claimed the agent had died as he told Dutch TV: “He is in a bad position, but he hasn’t died.” Alberto Zangrillo, the head of the anaesthesia and intensive care unit of San Raffaele hospital in Milan, where Raiola is receiving treatment, then said: “I am outraged by the phone calls from pseudo-journalists who speculate on the life of a man who is fighting.” And Raiola later tweeted: “Current health status for the ones wondering: p****d off second time in 4 months they kill me. Seem also able to resuscitate.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here