A survey by Which? asked 1,800 people about their favourite walks in the UK. Many Britons are likely to head off on a staycation this year. People were most fond of the stunning Yorkshire route which takes in Malham Cove and Gordale Scar. The walk is particularly popular with Harry Potter fans who will recognise Malham Cove as the location of a scene in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. Gordale Scar, a narrow ravine enclosed by sheer 100m walls, is another incredible sight on the route. The 7.5 mile walk was rated four out of five for difficulty on the Which? scale, making it more suitable for experienced walkers. READ MORE: Spain: Weather warning issued for tourist destinations Cornwall is one of the UK’s most popular staycation destinations and two of its stunning walks came in second place. At just one mile long, the Botallack Mine walk is fairly short but packs a punch when it comes to scenery. It scored a full five stars for peace and quiet from Which? respondents, making it the perfect relaxation stroll for 2022. The seven mile Lizard Peninsula Circuit was also popular and gained five stars for places of interest, scenery and wildlife. Lucky hikers might manage to spot a rare red-billed chough bird or even basking sharks and seals. The best rated walk in Wales was Rhossili Headland, a 3.5 mile trail in the Gower, that’s suitable for beginners. Hikers can spot an Iron Age fort and even see the remains of a shipwreck if they visit at high tide. Anstruther to Crail on the Fife Coastal Path was rated as Scotland’s best walk. The stunning route takes in fishing villages. The most difficult walks in the UK were named as Helvellyn, Scafell Pike, Ben Nevis and Snowden’s Llanberis Path. Each scored a five out of five for difficulty on the Which? scale and involve climbs of at least 950m. Hikers will need to prepare if they want to tackle one of these tricky routes and take the necessary equipment. Rory Boland, editor of Which? Travel said: “The UK has an amazing variety of walks and with its magical connection, the most popular route in our survey was a worthy winner. “From breathtaking rolling hills and lake loops to historic hikes, clifftop paths and the shingle beaches below, there is a route for every taste and ability.” 