Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are currently in the Netherlands attending the Invictus Games. This is the first overseas trip that the couple are making together after their decision to step down as working royals. A video, posted on Twitter by ITV News's Royal Editor Chris Ship, showed the Duchess hugging the Games' team before she headed away in a golf buggy. In the 36-second clip, Meghan appears smiling and is seen talking with the team. Appearing in high spirits, she is seen posing for pictures. Chris Ship captioned the tweet: "“Happy Easter” from Meghan as she leaves an event at @InvictusGamesNL in a golf buggy …" One lady in the clip 'thanks' the Duchess, before Meghan leans in for a hug. Meghan is seen leaving the event in the back of a golf buggy. READ MORE: Zara and Mike Tindall step out to support Firm at Easter Sunday service As the buggy drives away, she smiles and wishes the team a "Happy Easter". She can also be heard saying "Happy Birthday". Meghan and Prince Harry arrived into the Netherlands, especially for the Invictus Games. This year's event began yesterday, April 16, and will end on April 22. Meghan's attendance at the Invictus Games was confirmed by a spokesperson for the couple. READ MORE: POLL: Should young royals start taking over more duties from the Queen? In 2017, the pair sat separately at the event but Meghan sat alongside their mutual friend Markus Anderson. The Duke of Sussex launched the Invictus Games in London 2014. It is an international sporting event for wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women, both serving and veterans. The launch of the Games happened after he saw a British team compete at the US Warrior Games in Colorado in 2013, a competition for wounded servicemen in the US. Earlier this month, it was revealed that Meghan and Harry will be followed around by a camera crew at the event. This is after announcing the production of Heart of Invictus last year. This is the first show of their multimillion-dollar deal with Netflix. Speaking to the hosts on 9Honey this week, The Daily Mirror's royal editor Russell Myers confirmed that they are "arriving without" their two children to the Invictus Games.