Aggie (played by Lorna Laidlaw) will find herself caught up in the drama with her new boss Mr Thorne (Dominic Mafham) on Coronation Street next week. Official ITV soap spoilers have revealed the nurse gets on the wrong side of him when she discovers he was not putting the health of a patient first. Convinced Aggie has lodged a complaint about his actions, the vengeful doctor looks set to go out of his way to make her life a misery. Aggie recently started working on a new hospital ward and has been getting used to a whole new system. She was apprehensive about working on the ward as she was informed by many of her colleagues her new boss Mr Thorne is quite the stickler. Despite everything she has been warned about, Mr Thorne came across as charming and showed Aggie around her new working environment. Aggie was stunned by the warm welcome, but Coronation Street spoilers have revealed things are set to take a sinister turn.  READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' The drama unfolds when Aggie accidentally offends her boss when he believes she is making him look incompetent in front of a patient. It is not clear what leads to the nurse possibly stepping in but Mr Thorne issues Aggie a verbal warning. The nurse is naturally left in shock following the warning and starts doubting herself. She is later stunned to make a discovery about a neighbour's recent operation which Mr Thorne carried out.  Aggie overhears her boss telling a colleague how he rushed Peter Barlow's (Chris Gascoyne) operation in order to win a bet. To make matters worse, Mr Thorne is heard gloating about the surgery to Aggie's dismay. Coronation Street fans will remember Peter underwent a lifesaving liver transplant last year following his alcoholism relapse. Mr Thorne is soon reported to the board for his actions and it appears Aggie is the employee behind the complaint.  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Steve McDonald exposes Jacob Hay's secret [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Faye Windass to find daughter Miley  [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: George Shuttleworth's death sealed  [SPOILER] While it has not been confirmed this is the case, he wastes no time in threatening her after believing she reported him. Aggie tells another nurse Mr Thorne has been reported before she discovers all of his upcoming operations have been cancelled until further notice. A furious Mr Thorne soon confronts Aggie and tells her he plans to make her life a misery. Will Peter find out the truth about his rushed operation or will Mr Thorne find a way to put the blame on an innocent Aggie?  How far will the doctor go to make Aggie suffer following the complaint she may or may have not made? Could she be in danger of losing her job as a nurse altogether in a revenge twist? Perhaps Aggie should tell someone about Mr Thorne's threats sooner rather than later. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV at 8pm. 