The rebate is due to be released this month, providing Britons in council tax bands A to D with £150 to help them weather the cost of living storm. However, there is a range of discounts and reductions available to Britons outside of these tax bands too.   Council tax is calculated based on the property’s value in either 1991 or 2003 depending on which part of the UK it is in. It also uses two adults living and working in the property as the base calculation, meaning households that don’t have this type of composition are likely to qualify for a reduction. Britons can apply for council tax reductions regardless of whether they own or rent their home. Some of the qualifying criteria for reductions include claiming certain benefits, financial circumstances, who lives in the property and where the property is. READ MORE: Mother of two ‘distraught’ after losing ‘all the family’s savings’ in convincing scam     Each council runs its own scheme for reductions so Britons are advised to check on their local councils’ website for explicit detail on the reductions available and how to apply for them. Households with only one person over the age of 18 can qualify for a 25 percent discount. Students or people with severe mental impairments that live alone can get a 100 percent discount. The term severe mental impairments includes Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, learning difficulties or stroke survivors.  The impairment must be medically certified and the person may also need to be claiming certain benefits to be eligible for the 100 percent reduction. In Scotland, people with severe mental impairments who are eligible for one of the qualifying benefits could receive the reduction even if they don’t actually claim the benefit. People with an unpaid, live-in carer can receive up to a 50 percent discount on council tax. The carer needs to be looking after someone that isn’t their partner, spouse or child under the age of 18 for roughly 35 hours per week to qualify.     Looking after certain relatives can make a live-in carer eligible for the discount, such as looking after their parents, siblings, aunts, uncles, nieces and nephews. The person receiving care must be getting one of these benefits to be eligible:  Britons receiving Pension Credit could get their entire council tax bill reduced if they or their partner receives the guarantee credit element. People receiving the savings credit element of the benefit could be eligible for a reduction on their council tax although this won’t be a full reduction. Households on a low income or claiming benefits like Universal Credit can qualify for a reduction. Depending on one’s circumstances and finances they could receive up to 100 percent reduction.