ITV crime drama Grace returned for season two last weekend with its first 120-minute feature Looking Good Dead. With DSI Roy Grace (played by John Simm) not in his superior's good books, he still decides to follow his unorthodox methods in the new outing but chooses not to go quite as far as before - after all, he does enjoy his job and doesn't want to lose it.  Brighton-based detective Roy lands in a spot of bother in the show's first season when he seeks advice and guidance from medium Harry Frame (Adrian Rawlins) with a case. The friend and clairvoyant of Roy also makes an appearance in season two, but fans will remember his fellow police officers did not look highly upon him for using the supernatural source for help. Opening up about the new series and what viewers can expect, Simm said: "Well, he is in the doghouse because of the medium. "He is waiting for the results of the trial [season one], and it could go either way, really, and ACC Alison Vosper (Rakie Ayola) is on him, so it's pretty precarious." Read More: Emmerdale theory: Vanessa Woodfield heartbroken as she discovers Suzy's secret    Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Simm and Richie Campbell, who plays DS Glenn Branson, spoke about the hot water that Roy is in as he enters this season. Glenn is both Roy's friend and partner on the beat, and he finds his tactics to be very frustrating and confusing at times. Campbell said: "Definitely [frustrated], especially after the medium debacle. "He just doesn't understand why he is doing it. The history of them, he knows he is a good cop, so to go and find another extra outlet to do it is a no-no."   The opening episode of the new season, Looking Good Dead, sees Grace and Branson investigating the sudden death of a former schoolteacher. The body is found in suspicious circumstances in a respectable Brighton backwater, and it may not be the drugs overdose that they think it initially is. As the episode progresses, the pair discovers human remains in a Sussex crop field, leading them into a bigger case than expected. Events that unfold in the first outing have a bigger impact later down the line. DON’T MISS…Casualty theory: Dylan Keogh's secret rumbled as missing character returns to Holby [SPOILERS]Better Call Saul season 6 episode 3 release time: When is the next episode out? [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest in awe as £4 charity shop frame holds valuable abstract painting [LATEST] Launching in March 2021, fans were excited to hear there was a second season, with many of the cast receiving messages online asking for more details about Grace. On the show's popularity, Simm shared: "I was thrilled! It was exactly as we hoped and prayed it would be, and hopefully the audience is ready for more now. "Of course, I was nervous because we’re adapting a really popular series of books – I'm a huge reader and sometimes I don't watch TV adaptations because I love the book so much and I just want a certain image to stay in my head. "But we are working so closely with Peter James to bring the books to life, and hopefully fans will continue to be happy with what we’ve done."  