Erik ten Hag appears to be edging closer to being appointed Manchester United’s next permanent manager after entering the final stages of talks. But his inability to bring coaching staff members with him, an issue that prevented him from taking the Tottenham job, has surfaced once again for the Dutchman. The 52-year-old was linked with the Spurs post to replace Jose Mourinho in June 2021 but, after being invited to interview, the former Utrecht coach stated that he only intended to bring Sjors Ultee with him from Holland if he got the job. That was met with confusion by the north London club, given that high-profile managers usually bring an entourage of staff with them when they took a new job. The club subsequently hired Nuno Espirito Santo, while Ten Hag extended his deal with Ajax for another season. It appears that issue could provide an obstacle to Ten Hag if he takes over at Manchester United too. The Ajax boss has emerged as one of the frontrunners to succeed Ralf Rangnick when the German steps down from his interim post at the end of the campaign. READ MORE: McClaren's shock Man Utd return would be good news for Maguire Ten Hag, who has guided Ajax to two Eredivisie titles and is well-placed to seal a third this season, is understood to be Rangnick’s preferred candidate to take the job ahead of a summer of transition. Along with PSG manager Mauricio Pochettino, he has been interviewed by Man United chiefs for the permanent job this summer as Thomas Tuchel, Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui distanced themselves from the club. Reports in the Netherlands suggest that Ten Hag is approaching the final stages of discussions with the Red Devils ahead of agreeing to take charge from next season. He has a verbal agreement with the Eredivisie giants to leave if his £1.7m compensation fee is paid, after it was inserted into the contract extension he signed last summer. According to Dutch journalist Marcell van der Kraan, Ten Hag is in advanced negotiations to take the job and the Dutchman has already ‘made contact’ with Dutch coaches who have links to United about joining his backroom team at Old Trafford. DON'T MISS Man Utd told to sell three players including Sancho in major shake-upTuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made'Kane 'curious to hear Man Utd offer' ahead of transfer saga Names such as Jaap Stam, Robin van Persie and Steve McClaren have been linked with a coaching role should Ten Hag take the reins and it also appears likely that Ajax assistant Mitchell van der Gaag could follow him to England. However, his attempts to recruit members for his prospective United coaching team have so far failed to produce any solid candidates. Stam is currently without a job after leaving MLS outfit FC Cincinnati and admitted he would jump at the chance to link up with Ten Hag if offered the role. “If they would ask me, I would do it straight away without a doubt," Stam recently told bettingexpert. “You know United is my life as well. I’ve had great seasons over there, won trophies and it’s been very important for me. In any way, if I could help them out, I would be tempted to do it. Of course, it may mean that Ten Hag is willing to work with the current staff at United, which would include assistants Chris Armas and Mike Phelan.