Naga Munchetty, 47, took to Twitter yesterday to fire back at a BBC Breakfast viewer who questioned whether she had "gained a few pounds recently". Friends and social media users alike have surrounded the presenter, including GB News' Isabel Webster, 39. Isabel took to Twitter to respond to Naga's retweet of the social media user's comment. In view of her 39,600 followers, she penned: "Unbelievable." This comes after PaulHog43674461 said: "You look well Naga, but you've gained a few pounds recently. "Don't let it progress..." READ MORE: Ricky Gervais blasts Will Smith for slapping 'gentle' Chris Rock Naga fired back in view of her 269,000 Twitter followers as she said: "Thank goodness for people like Paul." Paul has since deleted the tweet, but this has not stopped many social media users to take to Naga's comments. Georgiebingham said: "I love you for calling out the haters. Never change Nags." (sic) LinleyGma added: "Awwww another man commenting on a woman's body, like he has the right to. "Careful he will be telling you how to get over/through your menstrual cycle next." KarenGeddes18 commented: "Bet you are going to lose a whole load of sleep over this because his comments matter - NOT." This is not the first time Naga has taken to Twitter to defend her appearance. Last Friday Naga was forced to defend her outfit choice as she presented BBC Breakfast. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais defies woke claims Chris Rock 'deserved' slap at Oscars [OPINION] Piers Morgan slams Hollywood's 'nauseating hypocrisy' over Will Smith [TWITTER] Jada Pinkett Smith ‘wishes’ Will ‘didn’t get physical' with Chris Rock [COMMENT] She wore a black silky buttoned-up shirt dress, complementing the chic outfit with a pair of stud earrings. Naga also went for a smokey eye make-up look and a sultry dark lipstick, to match her dress. One viewer, Twitter user SHuggett, wasn't impressed with the look, writing to the presenter on social media: "@TVNaga01 Sweetheart, did you forget to get dressed this morning? X." Naga sarcastically replied quipped: "Yes sweetheart. x." The BBC Breakfast presenter recently voiced her disapproval that "ungrateful c**" was trending on Twitter following Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe's comments about the UK Foreign Office. Nazanin had spent six years detained in Iran on false spying charges before finally being released earlier in March. The presenter posted a screenshot of her trending page, which had "#ungratefulcow" at the top, to her Twitter followers. Lost for words, Naga wrote "wow" in response to the hashtag.