WARNING: This article contains major spoilers for Peaky Blinders season six finale. BBC's Peaky Blinders has captivated a global audience for the past 10 years, and series six carried on the show's usual tradition of explosive twists and turns. The highly-anticipated final episode of season six aired on Sunday, and fans were as keen as ever to find out the fates of Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) and the rest of the real-life-based Birmingham gang. Will there be a series seven? Although the story has ended in terms of the popular series, fans will be pleased to know this probably isn't the end of Peaky Blinders as there are rumours of a film. Will there be another season of Peaky Blinders? Series six of Peaky Blinders was in fact the final series, with the latest episode concluding the entire programme. In January 2021, Peaky Blinders creator Steven Knight announced the drama would end after season six. In a statement at the time, Knight said: "Peaky is back and with a bang. "After the enforced production delay due to the Covid pandemic, we find the family in extreme jeopardy and the stakes have never been higher. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... "We believe this will be the best series of all and are sure that our amazing fans will love it." Originally, producers planned for Peaky Blinders to have a total of seven seasons. Back in 2018, Knight told press he wanted the drama to finish with "the first air raid siren in Birmingham in 1939" He explained: "It'll take three more [seasons]." During this time, the show was on its fourth series, indicating an extra season was initially on the cards. Producers haven't revealed why the plan was altered, but the last episode didn't fail to keep viewers hooked until the end. Tommy went about preparing for what he thought was his certain death at the start of the last instalment. Putting his affairs in order, fans were sure the last chapter to the story would see Tommy meet a grisly end either at the hands of his enemies or the disease he had been recently diagnosed with. In one last twist though, Tommy found out the diagnosis was false, and he made his get-away on horseback. DON'T MISS... Antiques Road Trip's Natasha Raskin Sharp excited by portrait's profit [VIDEO]Peaky Blinders ending explained: What happened to Finn Shelby? [LATEST]Peaky Blinders' Finn Cole 'heartbroken' over end of BBC series [REACTION] Although the BBC series is over for good, a movie based on the drama has been confirmed. However, fans can also expect a potential spin-off from the original drama, so there could be plenty more to come from the Brummie gang. Knight has previously said that “there will be other TV shows that I hope will come out of,” though he didn’t specify what form they will take. He did stress though that he had plans to “continue to tell the story of this part of society and this family". At the end of 2021, while speaking at the BFI London Film Festival, Knight said the movie "will probably be the sort of the end of the road for Peaky Blinders as we know it". He later told the BBC: "We're talking about... I don't like the word spin-offs, but TV series that are going to be inspired by and include characters from Peaky." The upcoming film is thought to be taking place during World War II, and it will almost certainly follow on directly from the events of season six. Peaky Blinders is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.