Max George, 33, bravely stood up to address mourners at the emotional service, which took place at the Saint Francis of Assisi Parish Church in Petts Wood, south-east London. The singer began: "It is with deepest sadness that we are here today but I’m going to try and say some things from us boys, that will make you smile about Tom. "Tom was, and always will be, a brother to me and my bandmates. He made us smile from the start. His love for music and strive for success outmatched any of us. "His feistiness outmatched anyone on the planet. He’s the only member of The Wanted that has had a punch up with every member of The Wanted." Max continued: "Everything he did, he did with his best intentions so even if it was a fight he always got away with it. He got away with everything because it was Tom, it was fine. "I could stand here and say so much about Tom but you’ll all have your memories about him. One thing I’ll always remember is his laugh. He loved laughing at people, we experienced that nearly every day. READ MORE:Denise Welch hits out at Keir Starmer's emotional partygate speech "All I have got to say is he left us far too early and we’ll miss him so much. I think the heartbreak shared today is a credit to the love Tom spread around the world. “The people outside, the people there today all over the world. You rest easy mate," he added. Max was joined by his three other bandmates, as well as his girlfriend Stacey Giggs. Max, Jay McGuinness, Siva Kaneswaran and Nathan Sykes were all visibly moved as they carried the coffin of the late Tom Parker into church earlier this morning The foursome all looked smart as they dressed in black outfits, as a traditional sign of respect for their bandmate. Max wore a black jumper paired with a waistcoat and baker boy hat, while Siva looked fashionable in a black turtleneck under a black suit. Jay and Nathan opted for more traditional attire as they both wore black suits with white shirts. The Wanted decided to reunite in September 2021, performing in a packed-out arena tour to adoring fans. DONT MISS:Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey emotionally follows hearse as funeral begins (PHOTOS)Piers Morgan scoffs at idea Prince Harry keeps Queen 'protected’ (NEWS)Corrie’s Bill Roache admits he ‘really fancied’ Queen when they met (LATEST) Tom was unable to appear in the first few performances, because he flew to Spain for private treatment, hoping to be fit enough to join his pals on stage afterwards. His condition sadly deteriorated, but brave Tom still managed to get up on stage, using a wheelchair, as his bandmates gathered around him while they sang. Too weak to stand, Tom mouthed the words to his biggest hits, wearing sunglasses to cover the fact that the tumour had forced one of his eyes to close. Kelsey explained the sad news that Tom had died in an Instagram post shared with her 81,700 followers. "It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side,” she wrote. "Our hearts are broken. "Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. "We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children." She concluded: "Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout. He fought until the very end."