Midsomer Murders' star Neil Dudgeon has taken to Twitter to react after his on-screen wife, played by Fiona Dolman, posed proudly with her new ITV co-stars. The actor, 61, who plays DCI John Barnaby on the hit ITV whodunit series, reacted as Fiona shared a post with the stars of Alan Titchmarsh's show Love Your Weekend, which she appeared on last week. Fiona, who plays Sarah Barnaby on the programme, posted a snap to Twitter of herself with celebrity gardener Alan Titchmarch and her two fellow guests, Adam Kay and Petula Clark, standing in a sun-drenched garden. Responding to the post, her Midsomer Murders' colleague Neil wrote: "Blimey! "It’s all go chez Dolman, innit? "Look at you with Petula Clark! X" he penned in amazement, before ending the post. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slams Hollywood's 'nauseating hypocrisy' over Will Smith Fiona had taken to the micro-blogging platform to reveal that she would be appearing on Love Your Weekend alongside her two celebrity friends. She told her 8,571 followers: "This sunday @ITV #LoveYourWeekend with @amateuradam and @PetulaClarkHQ "I was chatting #MidsomerMurders and @hospiceuk with the delightful Alan Titmarsh. "We had a lovely time (despite this looking as though Adam and I are holding a rather nice couple hostage in their garden)," she quipped. Following Neil's comment, one avid fan of the murder mystery programme commented with a suggestion as to who could guest star on the show next from Fiona's new group of showbiz pals. Twitter user @Philipcarman wrote: "Alan would be a great guest on Midsomer Murders!" Following Fiona's appearance on the hit gardening show, her fans took to the platform to share their thoughts. @TaniaEsteban_ wrote: "Was feeling jet lagged on the sofa after just landing... my mum and I flicked over onto LYW to see you on Alan's - so brilliant you've got a hedgehog highway!" DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais defies woke claims Chris Rock 'deserved' slap at Oscars [INSIGHT]Jane Fonda, 84, showcases ageless beauty in princess-style gown [ANALYSIS]Bobby Rydell dead: Bye Bye Birdie star and teen heartthrob dies at 79 [BREAKING] Fiona replied: "Yay! They are brilliant." It comes after Fiona told how she saw a different side of Neil thanks to their on-screen romance. In a resurfaced 2015 interview, Fiona explained how working with cherubic baby twins brought out the "clown" in her co-star. Neil has starred as DCI John Barnaby on the popular ITV drama since 2011. Since then, his character has gone through many changes, including welcoming his on-screen daughter Betty, who was played by twin girls Abbie and Georgia. In the plot of the hit crime drama, Sarah and John welcomed daughter Betty after Fiona fell pregnant in real life. Back in 2015, Fiona explained: "We get a lot of time between takes to play with the girls and make silly baby noises. "You can get giggles out of them now. And it’s been fun seeing that side of Neil," she added to Femail's Weekend Magazine.