Bill Roache, who has portrayed Ken Barlow in Coronation Street for more than 60 years, is about to celebrate his 90th birthday. Ahead of the big day, the actor was the focus of an ITV documentary called Happy Birthday Bill where he reflected on his childhood, private life and career. During the programme, Bill opened up about moving away from his family home to attend a boarding school in North Wales.  In the ITV documentary, Bill's children told the cameras how much of a great father he was to them growing up. The actor was overcome by their kind words and admitted he was close to crying afterwards. "I really thought compared to all the other parents that I was really negligent," he recalled. He was later interviewed about his own childhood which helped mould him into the man he is today. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small boss details story development Born on April 25, 1932, Bill grew up in Derbyshire with his father Joseph William Vincent Roache, who was a doctor, and his mother Hester Vera. "In those days, which was pre [NHS], he worked every hour of every day," Bill recalled. As a child, Bill attended a school that was set up by his grandfather who was a physician, but his life changed substantially when he was sent away to boarding school in North Wales. "At the age of seven, I was taken out and sent to boarding school which was a big cultural shock," Bill explained.  "I played rugby and cricket, and I think my academic side suffered a bit with my [love for] sport." But it was at Rydal Penrhos School, in North Wales, where Bill first set foot on stage. DON'T MISS...Bill Roache: Soap star on how to avoid health problems - exercise [LATEST]William Roache's affection for Corrie co-star Joanna Lumley unearthed [INTERVIEW]Corrie’s Bill Roache 'felt married' to on-screen wife Anne Kirkbride  [INSIGHT] "When I went up to the senior school we had to have a hobby and I stood there with my friend and we could not decide what to do," he explained. "Behind us in the hall were some boys looking pretty idle and it turned out to be the dramatic society. "So we joined the dramatic society out of the desire to do nothing and be lazy - there was not some big motivation to be a great actor." Bill caught the acting bug but he felt the obligation to follow in his father and grandfather's footsteps to become a doctor as they had.  Fearing he would not make the grades at school, he decided to become an officer to "fulfil the family honour". Bill went on to join the Wrexham Barracks which was home to the Royal Welch Fusiliers. However, in 1958 Bill made his first appearance on screen as an ambitious 26-year-old actor and never looked back. Happy Birthday Bill is available to watch on ITV Hub. 