Martin Roberts said he had been given "hours to live" after the Homes Under The Hammer presenter was rushed to A&E with chest pains, leading to emergency surgery to save his life. The BBC favourite's co-stars have rallied around the property expert during his time of need. In a candid video posted last week, the 58-year-old explained in a video to his Twitter followers that the incident had been a "bit of a shocker". The property entrepreneur explained fluid had gathered around his heart and he was close to death but is now recovering. The BBC presenter has now offered an update on his condition as he remains in hospital for further tests. It comes after a social media user quizzed the broadcaster about the current state of his health. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast's Naga Munchetty inundated shares health update Twitter user, June Malking commented: "Just looking for an update on you Martin and praying that you are recovering well. I’m sure you are being well checked and monitored after your procedure. I’ve survived 2 heart attacks, take the meds, and I’m fine. I will keep looking at your Twitter. Wishing you well. Love." In view of his 49,600 followers yesterday, Martin shared he is currently undergoing further tests. He replied: "Yes still doing lots of tests on my lungs now." His comments come after he posted about his health scare from his hospital ward last week.  The Homes Under Hammer presenter's former co-star Lucy Alexander was one of the first people to offer her support. She tweeted: "Omg...omg. Sending you the biggest hug ever. Love ya mate." Martin replied: "Thanks, darling. Bloody, bloody scary." His colleague Martell Maxwell explained that she had a conversation with her co-star. DON'T MISS... Laura Tobin credits Piers Morgan for getting her in 'massive argument'[LATEST]Ulrika Jonsson's racy ‘nip slip’ landed her in trouble with daughter[ADMISSION]Rod Stewart’s neighbours fume council only fixed his potholed roads[UPDATE] She penned: "Good to talk Martin - sending huge love." At the time of his health emergency, Martin shared an update where he detailed his experience. “Well, I have to say this isn’t where I expected to be watching Homes Under the Hammer,” he said. “Little bit of good news, little bit of bad news. “I ended up in hospital in Bath yesterday, I had a few chest pains and just feeling generally lousy, so I was brought in here and turns out I had a massive amount of fluid all around my heart, which was actually stopping my heart working. “Had they not got rid of it, which they did in an emergency operation last night, then it’s sort of quite serious, like, hours to live kind of c**p. “So here I am, still around, thank goodness, thank god and angels, all those things.” Martin continued: “There’s lots of other complicated things that have happened as a result, but we will work through those, and I’ll keep you updated." Homes Under the Hammer airs weekdays on BBC One at 10am.