Camilla, 74, has appeared in a new photo commemorating her new position as a judge on the upcoming Platinum Pudding competition. In the photo, Camilla is standing next to the acclaimed professional baker Dame Mary Berry who will also be judging the competition. The Duchess of Cornwall wore a purple blazer and matching skirt for the occasion.  The blazer was wool on the outside but lined with silk on the inside. She could be seen wearing a gold pendant necklace which appeared under her blazer lapel. Also on her wrist, the Duchess wore her black strap watch. Camilla matched her purple suit with a pair of gold, dangling earrings in the shape of fish.  READ MORE: Camilla joins Dame Mary in hunt for royal pudding Although it is not clear where the earrings are from, experts from jewellers H&T said: “These earrings seem to be of a hammered gold, stylised fish design, somewhat in the shape of the jeweller Lalaounis. "Being of just gold and not gem set would suggest they are for daywear.” H&T also estimated the value of the earrings, adding: “If these earrings are by a designer such as Lalaounis and are made of 18-carat gold, we would expect them to retail around £15,000 to £20,000.” Lalaouins is a jewellery brand founded in the mid-1900s by Greek goldsmith and jeweller Ilias Lalaounis.  Described as works of art by jewellery experts and writers in the past, the company specialises in gold necklaces, bracelets, and earrings. Mr Withington of William May also commented on Camilla’s unique earrings. He said: “These unusual, statement hammered yellow gold earrings, with the shape of a stylised fish, look very Indian in design.” The managing director estimated the jewels’ price too, saying: “If these gold earrings have been made from 18 carat or even 24 carat gold, they would easily be worth several thousand pounds.  “But they could well be made from gold vermeil, which is a fraction of the price of solid gold – most likely a few hundred pounds – and would be lighter too, so more comfortable to wear as earrings.” He added: “Camilla is very much showing her personal taste with these earrings, which I have to say do look fabulous on her.” Personal stylist Samantha Harman agreed that the Duchess of Cornwall “has a strong sense of her personal taste”. She said: “Camilla comes across as a woman who really knows who she is and what she likes.  “And, particularly over the last couple of years, she has worn some amazing, fashion-forward pieces.” Mary Berry also looked lovely in the new picture, wearing a bright pink blazer. Underneath the TV baker could be seen wearing a black top and a big white pearl necklace. Both women wore minimal makeup and styled their hair in their signature bob styles. 