Hay fever season is between March and September, when it's warm, humid and windy. Tree pollen is currently blighting Britons but grass pollen is starting to kick in, causing a perfect storm. To make matters worse, there is a "common mistake" people make that can exacerbate symptoms. According to hay fever specialist Professor Adam Fox, getting the "wrong" antihistamine can make your symptoms "worse". You should avoid short-acting sedating antihistamines, said the professor. Instead, you should opt for long-acting non-drowsy ones, Prof Fox advised. If that fails, there are other remedies you can try. READ MORE: Hay fever and eczema may be linked to various psychiatric and mental disorders warns study According to professor Fox, salt water nasal sprays are an "effective" treatment. He also recommends: If these efforts prove fruitless, the next step is a steroid nasal spray, Prof Fox said. Take antihistamines as well if nasal spray does not do the job, the hay fever specialist added. DON'T MISSHow to live longer: The timing of your evening meal matters [ADVICE]Diabetes warning: Three fruits you can 'overdo' [TIPS]Dementia symptoms: Early warning signs to spot [INSIGHT] If nothing works, opt for desensitisation, which you can get through your GP, added Prof Fox. Desensitisation can make you less allergic to the allergen itself, explained Prof Fox. The treatment involves being given occasional small doses of the allergen, either as an injection, or as drops or tablets under the tongue, over the course of several years. According to the NHS, the injection can only be performed in a specialist clinic under the supervision of a doctor, as there's a small risk of a severe reaction. The health body continues: "The drops or tablets can usually be taken at home. "The aim of treatment is to help your body get used to the allergen so it does not react to it so severely. "This will not necessarily cure your allergy, but it'll make it milder and mean you can take less medicine." A report by Allergy UK suggests that the increase in hay fever may be linked to rising temperatures and pollution. This is causing longer pollen seasons. Doctor Samantha WilD, Clinical Lead for Women's Health and Bupa GP explained: "The increased levels of carbon dioxide (CO2) into the atmosphere, for example, has caused plants to produce more pollen. "This may be causing people to have worse hay fever symptoms – especially during warm weather and when pollution levels are high."