WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Split.Fiona Button portrays Rose Defoe, the youngest of three sisters, with Hannah (played by Nicola Walker) and Nina (Annabel Scholey) always looking out for her. While the others remember the divorce of their parents all too vividly, Rose went by mostly unscathed by the drama as she grew up knowing her father the least. Season two of The Split saw her really get to know her dad as he returned but the start of series three saw the end of another important relationship in Rose's life. The Split season three premiere opened with Rose and James (Rudi Dharmalingam) talking about their dream to have children. She was left uncertain of the idea of adopting after finding out that they weren't capable of conceiving naturally. This led to an argument between herself and James who angrily cycled off but she rang him and apologised, telling her husband that she did want to adopt after all. However, James never received the voice message as during the bike ride, he was hit by a car and later died in hospital. READ MORE: What happened to the real Ann Walker? While Rose's love life is now in tatters following the death of her husband, actress Fiona Button's is still very much intact. Button is married to screenwriter Henry Fleet and has been since 2014. Little is known about Fleet, as well as their relationship as a whole as they both tend to keep their personal lives out of the limelight. But it is known that they share a daughter together called Fordy. The only photo that Button has shared of herself and Fleet was of the pair during their first dance on their wedding day eight years ago. Button was commemorating the anniversary of the special occasion in 2018. In the caption, the 38-year-old wrote on Instagram: "Happy Anniversary Henry. "The second greatest day of my life. I love you." DON'T MISS...Timothy West opens up on wife Prunella's memory battle 'It's sad' [EXPLAINER]Nicola Walker age: How old is The Split actress? [AGE]Casualty theory: Dylan Keogh to exit as he becomes a father [THEORY] Button later joked that perhaps it was the best day of her life, with the birth of their daughter coming in second place. In the same post, she commented: "If I’m honest it actually was the greatest day really. "The day Fordy was born didn’t involve a lot of booze, dancing and general gay abandon." The second instalment of The Split season three will see the aftermath of James' death on the family. The synopsis for series three, episode two reads: "Hannah’s relationship with Nathan unravels when he drops a bombshell, and Rose struggles to cope with her grief." Season three will consist of six episodes in total which means the finale will air on Monday, May 9. But if you're not keen on waiting this long for the series' outcome then the drama is also available on BBC iPlayer. The Split continues every Monday at 9pm on BBC One.