Manchester United saw their hopes of qualifying for the Champions League all but ended by Arsenal on Saturday. Ralf Rangnick’s team were beaten 3-1 courtesy of goals from Nuno Tavares, Bukayo Saka and Granit Xhaka. Express Sport will now rate and slate the Red Devils as their season stooped to yet another new low. David De Gea: 6 Couldn’t really do anything about Arsenal’s goals, with the veteran particularly blind-sided for Xhaka’s thunderbolt. Produced a stunning save before Tavares opened the scoring, with the Spain international continuing to be a shining light amid a tough season. Diogo Dalot: 5 Struck the bar with an effort from distance and also hit the post but the Portugal international simply isn’t good enough defensively. Needs to master the basics if he’s to become the player Jose Mourinho thought he’d be upon landing the full-back in 2018. For every bright bit of offensive play, he lets himself down in other departments. Raphael Varane: 6 Could have done better for Tavares’ goal but remains an assured presence at centre-back. Needs to improve, however, if he’s to ever replicate the form he showed during his spell at Real Madrid. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Victor Lindelof: 6 The Sweden international has arguably been United’s best centre-back this season. Didn’t do a lot wrong against Arsenal but, again, the club need an upgrade when the transfer window reopens at the end of the campaign. Alex Telles: 5 With Luke Shaw injured, Alex Telles is starting most matches. But the Brazil international is in bad form and his issues continued against Arsenal, with the Samba star looking scared of Arsenal’s attackers throughout. Scott McTominay: 6 A solid, if unspectacular showing from the Scotland international. Does, admittedly, make United tick more than other midfielders at Rangnick’s disposal. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Nemanja Matic: 6 His best days are behind him, which is why the Serbia international will be leaving United at the end of the campaign. Matic offers solidarity but lacks the legs to play at this level. Jadon Sancho: 6 Looked bright enough in stages but the England international continues to blow hot and cold. Given he cost a fee of £73million, the Red Devils would be right to demand improvement going forward. Bruno Fernandes: 5 Sloppy in possession, again, and missed a penalty when United were trailing 2-1. His effort from 12 yards was horrendous to watch and it’s clear the former Sporting Lisbon star needs his confidence to be rebuilt ahead of the Erik ten Hag era. Anthony Elanga: 7 Another confident display from Anthony Elanga, with the young Sweden international winning Rangnick’s trust. Unlucky not to get a couple of decisions go his way but undoubtedly has a very bright future ahead of him. Cristiano Ronaldo: 8 Unleashed from the start, despite the heartbreaking death of his young son, Cristiano Ronaldo was at his menacing best. Scored and was unlucky to see another chalked off by VAR. Looks to be operating at the peak of his powers again having previously struggled to adjust to Rangnick’s demands. Jesse Lingard, Jesse Lingard: N/A Brought on too late to make much of an impact.