Critic and satirist Craig Brown jokingly impersonated the Duchess, mocking her for the attempt to trademark the podcast's title. He joked that Meghan could next attempt to trademark the words "Archaeology", "Arch-enemies", "Archery", "Archimedes" and "Monarch". Impersonating Meghan, Mr Brown joked that archaeology "connects us with people and helps us uncover the inspirational power of the human spirit." He also said that Meghan could trademark the word "arch-enemy", joking that the Duchess could use it in a Netflix series about "Royal folk who sadly sought to undermine us." Mr Brown added: "We hope to reach out to them, and ask them, with so much love and compassion in our hearts, why they would have wanted to cause us so much hurt." And joking about the Duchess trademarking "Archery" in the Daily Mail, Mr Brown said it had been "a small, struggling sport" before Meghan and Harry named their son Archie and their organisation "Archewell". Once again impersonating Meghan, he added: "We said nothing, but, if I'm honest, yes, we were deeply hurt that the sport never thanked us for the product recognition we brought to it." Last week, it was reported that Archewell audio made an application at the United States Patent and Trademark Office last month to trademark the word "Archetypes". The word has been in use since 1545 and is derived from ancient Greek. The Oxford English Dictionary defines the word as "the original pattern or model from which copies are made; a prototype". The practice of trademarking words associated with a brand is common, as it gives you the right to take legal action if someone uses it without your permission, safeguarding the brand. READ MORE: Royal Family in despair after Meghan and Harry's 'unbelievable snub' Phrases, words, symbols or colours can all be trademarked. Brands such as Apple, Google and McDonald's have all trademarked their names. Meghan's podcast, which aims to investigate "labels that try to hold women back", is set to be released this summer. It was born out of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's £18million deal with Spotify, signed in December 2020. DON'T MISS: Kate and William told to be 'very careful' as royals risk fury [REVEAL] Fears Meghan Markle podcast will centre on bitter score-settling [INSIGHT] 'Not a good look!' Meghan and Harry skewered over UK return [REACTION] In the trailer for the podcast, the Duchess of Sussex said: "This is how we talk about women: the words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us... but where do these stereotypes come from? "And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives? "I'm Meghan and this is Archetypes - the podcast where we dissect, explore and subvert the labels that try to hold women back. "I'll have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives. "And I'll talk to historians to understand how we even got here in the first place."