A furious car seller sent a buyer on an 85-mile wild goose chase for offering less than half the asking price of his vehicle. Prospective buyer Charlie Murry drove to a hospital miles from his home, only to then be told by seller Janis Drikis to “make an appointment and check yourself”. Drikis, a mechanic, said he was "sickened" when Murry offered him £250 in cash for his Honda Civic that he'd advertised at £550, hoping for a quick sale. But rather than telling him no and ending the exchange there, the dad-of-two pretended to be happy with the bid and told Murry to collect the car the next day. He gave him the address of a local hospital, but kept his trick secret until Murry had made the two-hour trip. When Murry texted him to let him know he had made it to the hospital, Drikis advised him to "make an appointment and check yourself" for making such a low offer to which a livid Murr replied "rotten b*stard". READ MORE: Driver who queued for 17 minutes to pay for parking gets fined £270 Murry defended his low offer, claiming that the advert described the car as an MOT failure with a blown turbo. Drikis, from Newry, Northern Ireland, said: "I put the car for sale on marketplace for £550. “I know there are people who are going to ask. I had lots of messages offering £450 and £400 and I don't mind if someone asks like that. I would probably ask. "But I got that message for £250 in cash and I thought 'Jesus Christ'. It made me sick and I was just about to send some nice words but I sent him a thumbs up instead.” DON'T MISSGB News guest claims electric car 'broke after a few months' [WARNING]'Is this fair?' Motorists call on classic cars and EVs to pay car tax [COMMENT]Driver handed £100 parking fine at Bristol Airport for two minute stop [SHOCKING] He continued: "He text back asking for my address so I gave him the address to a hospital. I thought I had to give him a good lesson. "He asked if I'd be there all day and I put a thumbs up. The next day he text saying he couldn't find my house so I directed him to the hospital. "He text me saying he was at the hospital five minutes later. I told him to go make an appointment and check yourself for making that stupid offer. It was a good way to teach him a good lesson. He called me a rotten b*stard. "He came from Ballymoney, which is hours away. I feel sorry about that but it's a good lesson for him." In response, Murry said: "It was an MOT failure and had a blown turbo on it as well. It said that in the description. He had it up for £500 and it was only for scrap. "It could have been used again if you wanted to spend £1,000 on it. If it's good enough to be used, why didn't he take it back to MOT, repair it and drive it. "My offer was fair, it was only good for scrap. All he had to do was send to my reply 'that's not enough. No thank you'. "I was pretty annoyed when I got there because it was an absolute low-down act to do on anybody. I'd understand if it was a £2,000 car and I offered dirty money for it but it was scrap.” Drikis said: "People on Facebook said the same man offered other people £200 for a £600 car. They said well done, this is what he's supposed to get and I did a proper job for him." He said he hasn't heard from Murry since and had been hoping for a quick sale but has decided to keep the car. Murry added: "Just say no like other people and there's no harm done. I don't know why he'd take it into his head and play this trick. "Everyone thought it was smart and funny but I didn't find it funny."