Ahead of the 2000 people chosen to take part in the Queen’s Baton relay in England are revealed, Colin Jackson spoke to Good Monring Britain about why the Commonwealth Games are so important for British athletes. Colin, 55, shared the pride he felt while competing for Wales instead of Team GB. Ranvir began: “Just talk to us about why as athletes the Commonwealth Games is still, particularly for British athletes, a very important moment.” “It’s a sense of pride that you have to represent your region, your nation in that sense,” Colin replied. “You just saw wonderful pictures of me celebrating and wearing the Welsh flag for a change instead of bring in the British vest. “It’s really important you have those kinds of opportunities to remind everyone of where you are from, where you are based. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage “The Commonwealth Games is that opportunity to present to the world exactly that.” Ranvir probed: “Does it allow for more athletes to get into a sort of international meet? “In a sense, you’d be competing for one team but actually get in to the Welsh team where in that point of your career might be struggling to get into Team GB team. Does that make sense?” “No it makes clear sense, absolutely Ranvir,” Colin agreed. “What you will get, because of all the countries that are separated, is the opportunity for rising stars to come through and experience competition at the very highest level. “That’s what is important. Nowadays it’s very difficult to get into some of the biggest meets in the world but if you have this opportunity to represent your country on a home games, you’ve got to remember that as well, then it does feel you have that opportunity to step up to the next level.” Madeley cut in: “Well it’s a big day for you because this morning, in a couple of hours time, the baton bearers for the Queen’s Baton relay are going to be revealed. “2000 inspirational people are going to be named as carriers for the Queen’s baton. What exactly is that? How does that happen?” DON'T MISS...POLL: Should Queen sack Boris Johnson for lying to her? [POLL]'Putin would be laughing' Edwina Currie warns against Boris resigning [VIDEO]GB News guest on what Tory MPs are using to determine Boris's fate [WATCH] “If you remember, take your mind back to when the Queen signed the baton herself and it goes around the whole country, it goes around the Commonwealth and the whole country, and right back just before the Games where they will read the address to the world and Commonwealth,” Colin explained. The Queen’s Baton Relay is taking part around the world prior to the Commonwealth Games tis year. It carried a message from Her Majesty and the relay traditional begins at Buckingham palace where the Queen hands the baton to the first runner. She is then handed the baton by the final relay runner at the opening ceremony for the games before reading her message out loud. The relay is similar to the Olympic Torch Relay and was first introduced at the 1958 Games in Wales. The 2022 Queens’ Baton Relay started on October 7 2021 at Buckingham Palace. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.