PSV forward and Arsenal target Cody Gakpo has revealed that he has a soft spot for the Gunners, who are reportedly set to rival Manchester United for his signature when the summer transfer window opens in a few months' time. Gakpo is thought to be among the most in-demand young players in Europe after turning plenty of heads with his impressive form in the Netherlands over the course of this season. Arsenal are said to be keeping a close eye on Gakpo's development ahead of a potential summer move for his services, but the north Londoners could face stiff competition from the likes of United and some of the continent's biggest clubs when the bidding opens in the summer. It seems as though Gakpo could favour the idea of joining the Gunners, though, after speaking of his fondness for the club when quizzed on the prospect of a move to England in the near future."The Premier League is a big league," Gakpo told The Sun. "Virgil van Dijk plays there with Liverpool so I like to watch them."We are not the same kind of league but I think we try to look at the Prem and learn about it. Everybody wants to play one time in the Prem. JUST IN: Liverpool warned they need 'below par' Mohamed Salah to beat Man City "I don’t favour one team but I like Arsenal a lot. I looked up to [Thierry] Henry when I was younger because he was a tall guy who played on the wing."Arsenal and United are unlikely to be the only Premier League sides in the hunt for Gakpo this summer, with Liverpool also having dispatched scouts to run the rule over the 22-year-old's recent performances, according to Fabrizio Romano. The PSV man went on to admit that he would struggle to reject the chance to play at the highest level in Europe if the right club decides to make a summer approach for him in the summer months. "I try to stay focused on what I am doing now and finishing the season really well, then after that I can focus on something else," he added. "If I can make a step to a team who plays in the Champions League every season, of course it is my dream. "I still have a contract and there is a new coach coming in, but maybe there comes a club I cannot say no to. Maybe they won’t come and I have to stay, but for now I just want to keep working on this season."It remains to be seen whether Gakpo will eventually be snapped up by Arsenal if they are willing to meet his reported valuation of around £42million ahead of next season. Mikel Arteta's side are currently pushing to secure a top-four finish and the lure of Champions League football might just be pivotal in convincing Gakpo to join their ranks ahead of United over the coming months. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here