Paris Saint-Germain chiefs apparently “regret” their decision to hand blockbuster forward Neymar a contract extension last summer amid the Brazil international’s woes this campaign. Neymar has struggled for form this season and has scored just seven times in 22 games. Neymar put pen-to-paper on a new deal at the Parc des Princes to commit his future to PSG until the summer of 2025. But, according to Spanish publication Sport, PSG regret handing him a new contract. And the club would be willing to listen to offers for him. The 30-year-old arrived in France in 2017 after PSG shelled out a world-record £200million to prise him away from Barcelona. And he has been a key player for the side ever since as he’s racked-up 94 goals and 57 assists in 138 games. But his desire to succeed in France has come into question at times, with the player missing a string of Ligue 1 matches in each of his five seasons at the club and failing to live up to the expectations of his enormous transfer fee. This term, Neymar has looked a long way off his best and has struggled to impact the team as much as he would have liked. READ MORE: Man Utd watch Darwin Nunez rough up Virgil van Dijk as Liverpool battle past Benfica   And he has been subjected to boos from sections of the PSG crowd following the side’s elimination from the Champions League last month at the hands of Real Madrid. Mauricio Pochettino’s side had won the first leg of the showdown at the Bernabeu Stadium in February courtesy of a 94th-minute strike from Kylian Mbappe. And they had taken a 2-0 aggregate lead during the first half of the second leg at the Parc des Princes as Mbappe found the back of the net once again. But they capitulated in the last half an hour of the match as Karim Benzema struck a hat-trick to hand Real victory. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'issued Man Utd transfer ultimatum' involving Ralf Rangnick during interviewTottenham 'reconsider Lautaro Martinez' transfer after agreeing £60m deal last summerMan Utd have interviewed 'mystery boss' battling Erik ten Hag and Pochettino for job    Neymar is reported to earn a mouthwatering £640,000 per week at PSG and his enormous wages could prove to be a huge barrier to any club who may be interested in securing his services. And with his poor form evident for all to see, rival clubs may not be willing to take a chance on the player. So PSG chiefs could be forced to suck it up and keep Neymar on their books for the time being. And they will therefore be hoping he turns his form around and increases his output sooner rather than later. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  