Peter Crouch has hailed the performances of Liverpool duo James Milner and Joe Gomez in the Reds' vital win over Newcastle on Saturday. Milner and Gomez came into the starting XI and played key roles as Jurgen Klopp's side moved back above Manchester City to the top of the Premier League table. Naby Keita scored the only goal of the game for the visitors. But Milner was named man of the match by the BT Sport commentary team. Gomez replaced Trent Alexander-Arnold at right-back and Crouch hailed the duo after the victory. The former Liverpool striker said: "If you’re going to fight on all fronts, you’re going to need your squad. Milner came in today and was Man of the Match. "Let’s bear in mind, he made his debut 20 years ago. He’s still affecting games at this level. It’s a credit to his profession. READ MORE: Man Utd’s intentions for replacing Matt Judge explained as Erik ten Hag prepares for job  "Gomez as well coming in, they didn’t miss Trent. He’s been disappointed because [Joel] Matip and [Ibrahima] Konate have come in at centre-half, and he’s been instrumental in centre-half, but he’s missed out. Everytime he comes in he gives top performances." Liverpool are still on the hunt for an unprecedented quadruple and Crouch believes this season could be a monumental one for his old team. He added: "You struggle to get a ticket anywhere when Liverpool play now. This is the business end of the season. "There’s so much at stake. This could be a momentous season for Liverpool. DON'T MISSBarcelona ‘think Man Utd may offer Harry Maguire or two other players’ in swap deal [GOSSIP]Gary Neville explains why Ralf Rangnick can't continue at Man Utd after taking Austria job [QUOTES]Barcelona ‘interested in two Man Utd players’ as Frenkie de Jong talks could begin in days [RUMOUR]  "They’re on the potential to real, real greatness and that is just another step and another ticked off. Another banana skin that they’re just navigated again." Meanwhile, Manchester United legend Rio Ferdinand hailed the squad depth at Klopp's disposal as Keita popped up with the vital goal in the first half. Ferdinand said: "With the squad rotation, the match-winner today, Naby Keita, comes in and scores the goal. Superstars left out the team from midweek. "It’s about getting the job done and they did enough. They were never in any trouble.  "Newcastle didn’t really pose any threat to them defensively and they could have quite easily, on another day, got two or three goals if the finishing was a bit more decisive. This is what you want. "Not too much energy expenditure. Go out and do enough, next game."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here