Erik ten Hag is eager to target Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni as one of his first signings as Manchester United manager this summer. The Ajax boss could be confirmed as Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's permanent successor as early as next week, whilst summer transfer window plans continue to take shape. According to ESPN, Ten Hag offered his outside opinion on the current United squad during his interview for the role last month, where he impressed with his vision for the future. And the 52-year-old will present his own transfer targets as the club finalise a shortlist of players in each position ahead of the summer. Tchouameni is among the players that Ten Hag wants to recruit at the start of his reign at Old Trafford. Furthermore, the report claims Monaco are open to selling their prized asset at the end of the season and will demand around £50million for his services. Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain are also interested in the 22-year-old midfielder. However, he is understood to favour a move away from France whilst United have the 'upper hand' on their Premier League rivals due to current uncertainty over ownership at Stamford Bridge. JUST IN: Chelsea takeover: Sale deadline passes - What next with four bidders? The Red Devils could sign at least two midfielders this summer, given the lack of quality in depth amongst the current squad and inevitable departures. Paul Pogba is expected to set sail on a free transfer for the second time, whilst Nemanja Matic, the club's only natural defensive midfielder, is also likely to leave. The departing duo, both signed by Jose Mourinho, would leave just Fred, Scott McTominay, Donny van de Beek and James Garner as first-team midfielders capable of playing in a deeper role. Tchouameni's ability to feature as a holding and box-to-box will undoubtedly appeal to Ten Hag and other figures at Old Trafford. READ MORE: Steven Gerrard names four Premier League stars he would play alongside The France international has flourished into one of the most highly-rated young midfielders in Europe in the last couple of seasons. He has enjoyed another stellar Ligue 1 campaign, improving his game further after Philippe Clement replaced Niko Kovac at Monaco in January. United have also been heavily linked with Declan Rice in their defensive-midfield search, but Tchouameni's availability at half the price could appeal in a summer where the club must manage funds to improve different areas of the squad. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here