Concerns have been raised over a new app that lets members of the public register the speed of passing cars and submit footage to police. The ‘Speedcam anywhere’ app allows users to take video of passing cars before uploading it to a site which analyses the footage to get the speed they are doing. The site charges users £14.99 per 1000 pieces of footage processed and promises to be accurate to within 2 percent in ‘pro’ mode or 10 percent in ‘basic’ mode. According to the app’s website the server “can measure the vehicle speed from the video, check vehicle speeds against speed limits, and provide a report showing evidence of the vehicle speed". “It also generates road safety reports and identifies speeding hotspots.” The app is currently being trialled by volunteers from the ‘20’s Plenty For Us’ charity, which campaigns for lower speed limits. READ MORE: Motorists warned of major driving law changes in April - Car tax rise While the app website says that it doesn’t issue speeding tickets or send footage to police, it does encourage users to ‘gather evidence’. It states: “Speedcam Anywhere does not issue speeding tickets or fines like a conventional speed camera and has not been approved in the UK to be used as one. “Speedcam Anywhere is the same as a dashcam, that can be used to gather evidence of motoring offences. “As with a dashcam, any prosecution would always have to be done by the Police, and at the discretion of the local Police force. “Speedcam Anywhere do not ourselves pass on any information to the Police. We may be requested to do so at some future date.” It tells users to: “Simply install the app, stand in a safe place at the side of the road and point your camera at a passing vehicle and tap to capture a short video, which will be analysed to accurately calculate its speed.” Rod King, Founder and Campaign Director for 20's Plenty for Us said : “By allowing communities and local authorities to submit clear and unambiguous evidence of careless and inconsiderate driving this technology will be a game-changer in speed limit enforcement. “It allows police forces to align with community needs for compliance without imposing an increased load on the police. “We expect it to be welcomed by all those interested in making our communities safer.” More than one in six speeding offences detected by police in England and Wales is cancelled, according to data from the RAC. Of the 2.4 million speeding cases recorded in the 12 months to the end of March last year, 400,000 - 17 percent - had been dismissed, analysis of Home Office data revealed. It said offences were dropped against motorists for a number of reasons, including faulty and incorrectly calibrated speed cameras. There were also delays in issuing notices of intended prosecution and a lack of resources to bring cases to court. According to Gov.uk: “The minimum penalty for speeding is a £100 fine and 3 penalty points added to your licence. “You could be disqualified from driving if you build up 12 or more penalty points within a period of three years. “If you’re caught by a speed camera, within 14 days of your car being caught speeding you’ll be sent a Notice of Intended Prosecution (NIP) and a Section 172 notice. “You must return the Section 172 notice within 28 days, telling the police who was driving the car.”