Despite recent talk of a close call, especially in Hungary - where one last-minute poll put the ruling Fidesz-led alliance and opposition coalition neck-and-neck - in the end Orbán’s party led by 53% to 35%, and is set to increase its parliamentary majority on a high voter turnout. Orbán said the “huge victory” could be seen “from the Moon” as well as from Brussels. Ominously, Orbán cited “Brussels bureaucrats the international mainstream media, and finally the Ukrainian President” as opponents. Volodymyr  Zelensky has accused Hungary of openly backing Russia." As the scale of the victory emerged, Orbán said “the entire world can see that our brand of Christian democratic, conservative, patriotic politics has won.” The Hungarian leader added: “We are sending Europe a message that this is not the past – this is the future.” Both Orbán and Vučić have been strongly associated with Russian President Vladimir Putin at times, with a significant proportion of people in both Hungary and Serbia sympathising with the Russian position in Ukraine. Both leaders successfully campaigned on a pro-peace and anti-war platform While Orbán’s Russian position has risked alienation from Hungary’s long-time ally Poland, his victory is still likely to be greeted with relief in Warsaw given the longstanding alliance between the two countries as they continue to butt heads with the EU over judicial and social affairs In Serbia President Vučić also cruised to victory with just under 60% of the votes. Zdravko Ponos, representing a pro-European coalition, was set to come second with a little over 17%. Meanwhile, Vučić’s Serbian Progressive Party (SNS) is set to come first with 43.6% of votes in parliament. Speaking afterwards, Vučić said: “We will maintain policy that is important for the Europeans, Russians and Americans, and that is...military neutrality." He added that “Serbia will try to preserve friendly and partnership relations in many areas with the Russian Federation.” While Hungary and Serbia depend heavily on Russian energy, there is also strong alignment on conservative and nationalist values. Although Poland and other central and eastern European states have similar social values, long-standing tensions with Moscow have precluded any similar alignment. While Serbia, unlike Hungary, is not an EU state but an EU candidate country, it has nevertheless been courted by the West, with Germany recently encouraging Serbia to choose the EU over Russia, even though Serbia is unlikely to be accepted as an EU state anytime soon (ditto Ukraine). For Brussels, the victories will reinforce the sense of a cultural Iron Curtain dividing Europe between a conservative and religious east, and a liberal post-Christian west.For the EU and NATO, it will be of particular concern that association with Putin seemingly had no negative impact with the public. There will also be concern about a growing Russian sphere of influence. While Orbán is likely to be emboldened as he continues to battle Brussels, his victory will have been watched particularly closely in France, which sees the first-round of its Presidential election next Sunday. Marine Le Pen – also at times associated with Putin – is likely to face incumbent Emmanuel Macron in the second-round, having cut Macron’s lead as the poll looms. Should Le Pen create an upset in France on the back of the success of Orbán and Vučić then all bets will be off for the EU project, as well as for the future direction of an increasingly febrile France. If, as still seems likely, however, Macron secures another term then the cultural divide between the two halves of Europe will havebeen even more solidified. With member state Hungary and candidate state Serbia even more alienated from the Brussels mainstream after last night’s votes, the nationalist victories will have been a shot in the arm for populist conservatives, as well as for Moscow, and a huge kick in the teeth for Brussels and the western Europeans. Tensions within the EU and Europe could be about to get a whole lot worse.