European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen and the EU's top diplomat Josep Borrell were due to leave for Ukraine's capital on Tuesday afternoon. Prime Minister Boris Johnson is believed to have wanted to go to Kyiv, but was not invited. Sky News correspondent Sam Coates said in a tweet: "Boris Johnson wanted to go to Kyiv and see [Ukrainian president Volodymyr] Zelensky but there wasn’t an invite. "Now EU chiefs going (and I wonder if that prompts a bit of a race from No10 to get BJ there)." Conservative Party chairman Oliver Dowden told LBC in March: "I think the Prime Minister is desperate to go to Ukraine and has throughout this conflict felt a real – as the British people have done – a real emotional connection with the suffering of the Ukrainian people. "To experience what is happening there, to see what is happening to the people on the ground, I think that is very different to just speaking remotely."  Mr Johnson has spoken to Mr Zelensky on a number of occasions since Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24, but the PM has yet to visit the war-torn country. Twitter users rushed to the prime minister's defence on Tuesday, with one user declaring: "Zelensky invites those who aren't doing enough to show them why they should. Makes sense that EU leaders would be invited rather than Johnson." Fellow Twitter user clarescastle chimed in: "EU leaders and some member countries need persuading to assist further. Our Prime Minister doesn’t." And RorkesXDrift tweeted: "No invite needed as we are at the forefront of helping Zelensky and he has said this publicly."  READ MORE ABOUT HARRY AND MEGHAN'S HOROSCOPE Fourth Twitter user beatrismouse commented: "Boris is delivering." UK defence minister Ben Wallace said last Thursday that Britain and its allies had agreed to send more lethal military aid to Ukraine. The aid includes air and coastal defence systems, longer-range artillery and counter battery capabilities and armoured vehicles. Mr Johnson's spokesman said on Monday that the PM is keen to send new types of military aid to help Ukraine.  DON'T MISS: Airlines turn on Government amid Easter travel chaos [LATEST] Britain braces as bitter -6C arctic blast to bring deep freeze [REPORT] Police warn parents over scary 'Huggy Wuggy' TikTok craze [REVEALED] He added: "We are aware of the requests from the Ukrainians for equipment to defend themselves from ships and we are looking into what we can do." Measures announced in March include 6,000 missiles and £25 million in financial backing for Ukraine's military. The prime minister was accused by the Kremlin last month of being the most active anti-Russian leader. Downing Street shot back that the PM was "among the most active anti-Putin leaders". It came as he rallied allies at a NATO summit in Brussels to provide more military assistance to Ukraine.  The European Commission announced in March that it aims to double the EU's military aid to Ukraine, earmarking another £600 million (€500 million) for the purpose. France's European Affairs Minister Clement Beaune said the EU will also most likely adopt a new round of sanctions against Russia on Wednesday after reports of killings of civilians in northern Ukraine by Russian troops. Russia denies any accusations related to the murder of civilians, including in Bucha. Moscow's envoy to the United Nations, Vasily Nebenzya, said Russia will present empirical evidence to the UN's Security Council on Tuesday showing its forces were not involved in atrocities. Mr Zelensky is due to address a United Nations Security Council meeting convened by Britain on Tuesday.  The UK, which now holds the council's presidency, said it wants to discuss mounting evidence of war crimes and will push to ensure justice is done. Evidence apparently showing Putin's soldiers deliberately killing civilians has been emerging as the Russian leader pulls back his struggling troops from around Kyiv. Mr Zelensky has warned that worse evidence of mass civilian killings by Moscow will emerge as the Russian president repositions his troops to the south-east. Russia denies targeting civilians. 