Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon married Prince Albert on April 26, 1923. Known as ‘Bertie’ to his family, Prince Albert was the second son of King George V and his wife Queen Mary. After their marriage, Elizabeth and Albert would be known as the Duke and Duchess of York until one day they would eventually become King George VI and Queen Elizabeth, The Queen Mother.  The royal wedding of Prince Albert and Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon took place at the historic London landmark of Westminster Abbey. And while the bride carried a traditional wedding bouquet into the venue, she did not hold it during her wedding ceremony. On her way into the Abbey, Lady Elizabeth laid her bouquet of flowers at the Tomb of the Unknown Warrior located at the west end of the Nave of the Abbey. The future Queen’s gesture was intended as a tribute to her late brother, Fergus Bowes-Lyon.  READ MORE: Prince William wows fans in black tie appearance at charity event Fergus was killed during the Battle of Loos at the age of 26 while serving in the 8th Battalion, Black Watch. Fergus was buried in a quarry at Vermelles, but details of his grave were later lost and his name was recorded on the Loos Memorial among the names of the missing. A headstone has since been installed in Fergus’ honour in the Quarry Cemetery, Auchy-les-Mines. The Tomb of the Unknown Warrior in Westminster Abbey pays tribute to those who died during World War 1.  The Royal Family website explains: “The idea to bury an unknown soldier in a place usually reserved for Royalty and notables came from a chaplain on the frontlines, the Reverend David Railton. “In 1916, Revd. Railton noticed a grave in a garden at Armentières, which was marked with the words "An Unknown British Soldier". “In August 1920, he wrote to the Dean of Westminster, Herbert Ryle, to ask whether it might be possible to bury an unknown soldier in the Abbey to represent those who could not be put to rest by their families.” A soldier’s body was brought from France and was then buried in the Abbey on November 11, 1920, in the presence of King George V.  To mark the centenary of the interment of the Unknown Warrior, the Queen visited Westminster Abbey in 2020. A bouquet based on the Queen’s 1947 wedding bouquet, complete with orchids and myrtle, was placed on the grave in an act of remembrance. Over the decades since the Queen Mother’s gesture was made, members of the Royal Family have had their bridal bouquets placed on the Tomb of the Unknown Warrior, usually on the day after their wedding. After marrying Prince Harry in 2018, Meghan, Duchess of Sussex’s bouquet of forget-me-nots, which was a tribute to Princess Diana, was placed on the Tomb of the Unknown Warrior. Royal wedding bouquets also traditionally include a sprig of myrtle from the stems planted by Queen Victoria at Osborne House. Springs are also taken from a plant grown from myrtle used in the Queen’s wedding bouquet in 1947. 