Actress Jada Pinkett-Smith was joined by her daughter Willow Smith and mother Adrienne Banfield-Norris for the season five premiere of their insightful Facebook chat show, Red Table Talk. For the first time since Will Smith’s infamous slap at the 2022 Oscars, Jada addressed her husband’s actions.  Less than a month after Will Smith stormed the stage and slapped host Chris Rock, Jada is back on screens with the return of her chat show. As a result of Rock making a joke about Jada’s baldness, which was due to alopecia, Will physically assaulted the comedian as he was about to present an award. It didn’t stop there, as he returned to his seat, the acclaimed actor shouted obscenities as the world watched the live award show in complete shock. For the first time since the incident, Jada opened up about the controversial incident. READ MORE: 'William and Charles will be furious!' says Carole Malone over Harry With the return of the Red Table Talk, the actress released a statement which aired at the beginning of the show. It read: ”Considering all that has happened in the last four weeks, The Smith has been focusing on deep healing.” “Some of the discoveries around our healing will be shared at the table when the time calls.” She added: “Until then, the table will continue offering itself to powerful, inspiring and healing testimonies like that of our impressive first guest.”  While Jada didn’t physically speak on the matter, fans stayed tuned to watch the women interview singer and actress Janelle Monae. Though Jada has opened up about her battle with Alopecia and how it affected her, it's yet to be seen how candid she will be about the slap. After the incident aired live on TV, it became a major topic of conversation as the opinion of those in Hollywood and on social media was divided. Many thought Will was justified as he defended his wife after being joked about her autoimmune disorder, while others believed the actor should’ve faced harsh punishment for the assault. DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway says Brits annoyed at Harry and Meghan's camera crew [INSIGHT] Liza Minnelli was 'forced' to use wheelchair at Oscars, claims friend [INSIGHT]Will Smith's 10-year ban already wrecking A-list career [INSIGHT] After Will returned to his seat, he went to win an Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role for his portrayal of Richard William in the movie King Richard. While accepting his award, Will grew increasingly tearful as he apologised for his actions: “I want to apologise to the Academy. I want to apologise to all my fellow nominees.” After the incident sparked controversy, the actor faced a huge punishment for his actions as the Academy banned him from attending the ceremony or any of its events for 10 years. Following the decision, Will told Deadline: “I accept and respect the Academy’s decision,” however, Rock has yet to publicly address the incident, though he chose not to press charges.  The 53-year-old actor also resigned from the Academy when the ban was issued. Shortly after the incident, Will’s son Jaden Smith seemingly shared support for his father as he tweeted: “And that’s how we do it.” Fans will have to tune into the Red Table Talk to see if Jada will eventually address the incident with her family. Although this wasn’t hinted at in the trailer, the two-minute pre-recorded teaser showed guests such as Kim Basinger, Ireland Baldwin and the victim of the Tinder Swindler will join the chat show. 