Arsenal will have to rejig the pack in the coming weeks following injuries to three of their key players. Kieran Tierney is set to undergo knee surgery this week which will rule him out of the remainder of the season. Thomas Partey limped off in the second half on Monday's 3-0 loss at Crystal Palace. After the match, manager Mikel Arteta confirmed the thigh problem did not look good. Partey will therefore be a doubt for at least Saturday's match against Brighton. Takehiro Tomiyasu is also set for another couple of weeks on the sidelines despite Arteta saying last week he was "close" to a return. Arteta has several ways he can tweak his starting XI. Express Sport looks at the three best options for the Spaniard. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel admits he doesn't agree with Christensen exit decision  Nuno Tavares was dragged off at half-time on Monday in his first Premier League start in four months. The summer signing started his Arsenal career well but had an evening to forget in the FA Cup third round against Nottingham Forest. The visit of Brighton could be a good game for Tavares to be thrust straight back into action after his struggles at Selhurst Park. The absence of Partey could see Arteta tweak slightly from a 4-3-3 to a 4-2-3-1. Albert Sambi Lokonga has been starved of match action in recent months. But he could partner Granit Xhaka in the midfield, with Martin Odegaard playing ahead of the duo in the No 10 role. Option 1: Ramsdale; Cedric, White, Gabriel, Tavares; Sambi Lokonga, Xhaka; Saka, Odegaard, Martinelli; Lacazette. DON'T MISSMan City performed 'chess move' by tricking Man Utd into signing Cristiano Ronaldo [OPINION]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel warned he could be 'made to look stupid' by Timo Werner [QUOTES]Arsenal provide Takehiro Tomiyasu and Thomas Partey injury updates [NEWS]  Xhaka played at left-back for the second half at Palace. The Switzerland international was used in that role multiple times last season when Tierney was out. Arteta has played Odegaard slightly deeper at times this season and perhaps a more attacking approach could be needed against the likes of Brighton and Southampton in the coming weeks. Odegaard could partner Sambi Lokonga in midfield, with Xhaka on the left of defence and Emile Smith Rowe at No 10. However, Arteta may want at least one of Xhaka or Partey in the midfield. The Ghanaian's absence could mean Xhaka isn't used as an emergency left-back after all. Option 2: Ramsdale; Cedric, White, Gabriel, Xhaka; Sambi Lokonga, Odegaard; Saka, Smith Rowe, Martinelli; Lacazette.  Bukayo Saka has played in almost every position on the pitch for Arsenal despite only being 20 years of age. He first burst into the England team as a left wing-back and could be used there again. Arteta could switch to a 3-4-3 formation, with Rob Holding coming into the centre of defence. Taking Saka out of the front line may not be popular with Arsenal supporters. However, it is another way of getting all their attacking talent on the pitch at the same time. Having a back three behind him would make Odegaard a more viable option in central midfield. Option 3: Ramsdale; White, Holding, Gabriel; Cedric, Odegaard, Xhaka, Saka; Smith Rowe, Lacazette, Martinelli. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 