Neil ffrench-Blake was involved in a top-secret Falklands mission that hasn’t been exposed for 40 years. Top-secret documents have exposed the nature of his work for British intelligence and the CIA. Former ITN Editor Stewart Purvis went out on a mission to find out exactly what Mr ffrench-Blake did during the war with Argentina. The Falklands War was a ten-week undeclared war between Argentina and the UK in 1982 over two British dependent territories in the South Atlantic. Mr Purvis originally met the war expert back in 2013, when Mr ffrench-Blake was told that he had just months to live. It was after their meeting that Mr Purvis started doing some digging into the top secret ‘Project Moonshine’. Mr ffrench-Blake can be heard saying in a recorded interview: “I was confronted with a Special Operations Group who were designed to find unconventional methods to defeat the Argentinians. After Mr Purivs and his colleagues scrambled through the private documents in Mr ffrench-Blake’s filing cabinet, they found the secret document finding the people involved in the top-secret project. It took them 8 years to track down those people on the list. After doing some extensive digging, they were finally able to talk to three of the men involved. These include one of the on-air broadcasters, Major Terence Scott of the Kings Royal Hussars, and two civilians Jim Warrack and David Addis. On May 19 1982 the very first programme went out from the UK with a Royal Navy lieutenant and Squadron Leader speaking in Spanish over the airwaves to the Falklands. READ MORE: World War 2 breakthrough: Washed-up debris 'match' lost RAF bomber The programme how Neil ffrench-Blake’s friend Tim Rice (Evita) to get advice on Argentinian music. But this radio station had two clear purposes. The first,, to persuade Argentinian troops to hesitate before firing on British Forces. The second, was to persuade them of the benefits of surrendering. The station put out a range of content, consisting of a mix of news, music, and features all with these particular psychological aims. DON'T MISS Putin humiliated as Britain refuses Russia's plan to boost economy [REPORT] New mutant 'XE' Omicron variant could be most transmissible yet [REVEAL] Germany humiliated after Russia avoids sanctions and 'sticks it to EU' [INSIGHT] The station was on air for three hours every night, and later added a breakfast programme too. It started the morning before British troops touched down in the Falkland’s. One of the stories the radio team released exaggerating the fierceness of the Gurkhas. One of the broadcasters said: “I think we did a story about how fierce the Gurkhas were, you don’t want to mess with the Ghurkas” Another said: “I am trying to demoralise the opposition. I was trying to get them to surrender. It might save their life as well as my friends.” The Gurkhas have been part of the British Army for almost 200 years. They are world-famous Nepalese fighters who still carry their traditional weapon - an 18-inch long curved knife called kukri, into battle. Following the partition of India in 1947, Britain struck a deal with Nepal and India for four Gurkha regiments from the Indian army to be transferred to the British Army, resulting in the formation of the Gurkha Brigade. The broadcasters also promoted a rumour about the Argentina troops eating local sheep amid an outbreak of fluke, which causes serious diseases. The rest of these shocking tactics can be seen in a news documentary: My Secret Falklands War -when Britain’s military took to the airwaves. It airs on Forces TV on Monday, April 4, and again on 14 June.