 It is feared that moving the seat while at the wheel could be classed as careless and inconsiderate driving. If an accident were to occur, a court could argue that they were driving without due care and attention.  Alterations to the wheel should be done when the car is stationary and at a halt. While there is no specific road law meaning drivers will be fined for adjusting a car seat when driving, it could fall into other categories. It could also count as “careless and inconsiderate driving” which can land drivers with a fine of up to £5,000. This is because changing the position of the seat can be fiddly and result in a lack of concentration. READ MORE: Electric car driver fined £100 after charging for just five minutes  If anything goes wrong, it could result in the driver not being able to reach the pedals or being too close to the steering wheel. Anything that seriously distracts a person from driving, if caught, could mean they end up with a fine and even points on their licence. Other actions could fall under the category of distracted driving including using a mobile phone at the wheel, as well as eating or drinking when driving. In many cases, driving without due care and attention will result in a fixed-penalty notice (FPN) which usually means three points on a driving licence and a £100 fine. DON'T MISSLand Rover driver fined £1,000 after passing cyclist [SHOCKING]Hydrogen cars could cause a ‘nasty explosion’ if involved in a crash [INSIGHT]Diesel drivers face new parking costs three times higher than EVs [WARNING]  But if the offence is more serious - for example, if other drivers or pedestrians have been endangered, or caused an accident - the driver will automatically be summoned to court. The maximum penalty here is nine points on the driving licence and a £5,000 fine. The motorist may be disqualified from driving altogether. Many modern cars also have an adjustable steering wheel, so this also needs to be easily reachable and not obstruct the view of the road.  Other facets of the driving seat must be comfortable for the motorist to ensure they do not have to change it when driving. This includes the correct positioning of the head rest, lumbar support and ensuring the seat belt is sitting flush over the lap of everyone in the car. Road users also need to ensure their passengers are safe when driving, especially those under 12. Children must normally use a child car seat until they turn 12 years old or 135 centimetres tall, whichever comes first.  Car seats must be rear-facing until the child is older than 15 months old, with drivers being urged to ensure the seat is suitable for the height of their child. When fitting a child car seat, drivers must deactivate any front airbags before fitting a rear-facing baby seat in a front seat. Only EU-approved height-based child car seats can be used in the UK.