Arsenal are preparing a bumper contract proposal to lure in Paulo Dybala from Juventus, according to reports. Two other European heavyweights, Atletico Madrid and Inter Milan, are also believed to be in the running as the Argentine prepares to leave Turin this summer. Dybala was hot property on the European transfer market even before his 2015 move to Juventus. He became the Bianconeri's poster boy for some time, but problems have cropped up over the past few seasons and talk of an exit has never been far away. A tense contract standoff ensued this season with his current deal set to expire in June, and after months of back-and-forth, it now seems certain that the forward will be moved on. Acquiring such talent for free has understandably prompted top clubs to sit up and take note. TuttoMercato claim that Arsenal are one of three offers Dybala will 'have on the table' with Edu willing to make an 'important proposal' to his camp. Their interest is somewhat unsurprising given that Mikel Arteta's attacking shortage is set to be made worse this summer if Eddie Nketiah and Alexandre Lacazette depart as expected. JUST IN: How Conor Gallagher reacted to FA Cup ban vs Chelsea after Thomas Tuchel apology Inter Milan are also keeping tabs and could hold the upper hand if the 28-year-old would prefer to stay in Italy and play in the familiar territory of Serie A. Atletico could also provide a more comfortable home for the Spanish-speaking star, and they reportedly consider Dybala to be a budget alternative to Lautaro Martinez. It would therefore have to be a considerable contract offer for the Gunners to win the race. They presumably have the space on their wage bill after Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's January departure and could have even more when fellow high-earner Lacazette makes way. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal Dybala has put together a solid campaign of eight league goals and three assists, totals made more impressive by friction behind the scenes which will only have served to make his job more difficult. Indeed, the Argentine's past few years in Turin have seen a gradual downturn in relations after the dizzying heights of his first few seasons with the club. The attacker, who is most comfortable playing just off the striker, struggled to gel with Cristiano Ronaldo during his time with Juve. He also appeared to stare down Vice-Chairman Pavel Nedved after scoring in a 2-0 win over Udinese back in January, the same month the Bianconeri signed Dusan Vlahovic which may as well have signalled the beginning of the end for Dybala. It will come as no surprise that the player's agent is already believed to be sounding out potential moves. Arsenal and Dybala are often mentioned in the same breath ahead of a summer transfer battle, which could also see Arteta and co tussle with a local rival. Tottenham have supposedly eyed him up in the past, and with Antonio Conte and Fabio Paratici's obvious links to Juventus and Dybala himself, they could have the tools to throw a spanner in the works. However, reports in Italy have not mentioned them as a club who are preparing to make a concrete offer for the star.