The 46th US President came under fire after the UK Prime Minister visited the Ukrainian capital over the weekend. Boris Johnson received praise from many for embarking on the visit, including from Tory MP Shaun Bailey. The Red Wall MP said: "A true display of leadership from @BorisJohnson. "We will continue to stand shoulder to shoulder with Ukraine as they fight for freedom and stand up to tyranny and oppression." Defence of Ukraine added: "At a handshake distance. @BorisJohnson and @ZelenskyyUa walked through the centre of Kyiv and talked to ordinary Kyivans. "This is what democracy looks like. "This is what courage looks like. "This is what true friendship between peoples and between nations looks like." JUST IN: 'May do it again' Trump blasts Biden over immigration 'tidal wave' and makes 2024 hint They added: "We welcome @BorisJohnson in Kyiv, the first G7 leader to arrive in Ukraine since the beginning of the large-scale war. "We are strengthening our union of democracies. "Be brave, like Boris. "Be brave, like Ukraine." However, the POTUS was lambasted by those on both sides of the pond for not making a similar trip. Speaking to NBC News, National Security advisor Jake Sullivan said: "President Biden currently doesn't have any plans to travel to Kyiv." READ MORE: Le Pen joins Macron in next round despite Eurosceptic Melenchon 'breathing down her neck' He added: "But I will tell you he sits in the Oval Office and in the Situation Room on a daily basis, organising and coordinating the world when it comes to the delivery of weapons." Kellyanne Conway, a former senior counsellor to 45th President Donald Trump, was among the many Republicans to criticise Mr Biden. She said: "Fitting for each of them, who they are, and how they lead. As expected." GOP chairwoman Ronna McDaniel quipped: "Boris Johnson went to Kyiv this weekend. "Joe Biden went on his 32nd weekend vacation to Delaware." Sharing footage of Mr Johnson with Mr Zelensky in Kyiv, a former adviser to Margaret Thatcher blasted Mr Biden over his absence. DON'T MISS:Donald Tusk sensationally compares Le Pen to Putin as he backs Macron [INSIGHT]'Arrogant and incapable' Macron's time in power savaged [ANALYSIS]Brigitte Macron raged at criticism of her 'untypical' marriage [INSIGHT] Nile Gardiner, who worked for the Iron Lady from 2000 to 2002, said: "Real leadership from Boris Johnson and Great Britain on the world stage. "You would never see Joe Biden do this." And even a Ukrainian MP urged Mr Biden to make the "bold move" by copying Mr Johnson's recent trip. Kira Rudik told Fox News it would "really be a sign of solidarity". She added Mr Johnson's appearance was "uplifting", "very motivational" and stressed "everybody admires Johnson".