Manchester United owners the Glazers are willing to give Erik ten Hag a transfer budget of £200million, according to reports. The Dutchman is primed to take over from Ralf Rangnick at the end of the campaign. And it’s going to be a big, exciting new era at Old Trafford. According to The Mirror, United have set aside a budget of £200million as they prepare to welcome Ten Hag. The Ajax boss has been chosen over Mauricio Pochettino, Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui to rebuild the club after wowing the likes of John Murtough and Darren Fletcher in interviews. It’s going to be a big summer of change at United after an underwhelming campaign, with Tuesday’s 4-0 defeat to Liverpool at Anfield a new low. After that defeat, Rangnick said that as many as 10 new players may arrive this summer. So Express Sport will now take a look at the 10 players who, potentially, will be of interest to the Red Devils as they look to turn things around. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United are likely to lose Dean Henderson this summer, while there’s also uncertainty over the futures of Tom Heaton and Lee Grant. So, with that being the case, there’s speculation they’ll move for Sam Johnstone. With West Brom struggling to get back into the Premier League, the shot-stopper could be on the move. And United are interested, though Tottenham are also in the mix. It’s been a tough season for United’s full-backs - and right-backs in particular. Diogo Dalot remains too inconsistent, while Aaron Wan-Bissaka has regressed alarmingly over the past 12 months. It’s been suggested United are eyeing Norwich City’s Max Aarons as a result, who may be available for a fee as little as £20million if the Canaries drop down to the Championship. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players At Ajax, Ten Hag manages Jurrien Timber. So it’s possible he’ll look for a reunion with the centre-back at Old Trafford, especially given the club’ current issues in that position. Timber has sparkled in the Eredivisie this term and would bring fresh legs to a backline that has been borderline dire throughout the course of the season. A year ago, United were extremely interested in raiding Villarreal for Pau Torres. In the end, though, the Red Devils decided to prioritise a transfer deal for Raphael Varane instead - with the France international arriving from Real Madrid. Torres would be a good replacement for Eric Bailly and Phil Jones, with the pair both expected to depart Old Trafford this summer. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United want to sign a new defensive-midfielder to replace the outgoing Nemanja Matic. And Declan Rice is the club’s dream transfer target having dazzled for West Ham and England over the past 12 months. Any deal won’t come cheap, though, with the Hammers hoping to get a fee in the region of £100million for their prized asset. Kalvin Phillips has regularly insisted he’d never leave Leeds for their fierce rivals. But history suggests a move is very much possible, with the likes of Eric Cantona and Alan Smith previously crossing the divide. Reports have said United are working on signing Phillips at the end of the campaign, despite his commitment to Jesse Marsch’s side. Are we back in 2018? That year, it was widely reported that United were keen on bringing Lazio powerhouse Sergej Milinkovic-Savic to Old Trafford as a replacement for Paul Pogba. Pogba’s time at the club will be up this summer, though, and Milunkovic-Savic has been outstanding for Lazio - meaning he’s earned a blockbuster move to the Premier League. United need a new winger this summer. Anthony Martial is expected to go, while there’s uncertainty over whether or not Mason Greenwood and Marcus Rashford will still be at the club in the future. Antony has thrived under Ten Hag for Ajax, drawing comparisons with Neymar, and he’s another player worth the Red Devils’ consideration. United also want to recruit a new centre-forward, with Edinson Cavani likely to go and Cristiano Ronaldo potentially following him out of the door. And Darwin Nunez has emerged as a possible target amid his sensational form for Benfica. The 22-year-old has bagged 32 goals across all competitions, enhancing his reputation as one of world football’s hottest prospects. In an ideal world, United would be competing for Erling Haaland. But with the Red Devils out of the race for the Borussia Dortmund star, speculation has linked them with Tottenham’s Harry Kane. Kane won’t be straightforward to sign, though, with Tottenham set to demand a fee close to £200million to even consider letting their talisman go.