One way to lose weight is to enter a calorie deficit; that means consuming fewer calories than your body burns. Sarah Campus, a highly qualified personal trainer, nutrition coach and founder of LDN MUMS FITNESS spoke to Express.co.uk about reducing body fat and how you can reach a calorie deficit without precisely counting every calorie you eat. Everyone looks for the easiest diet, which produces quick weight loss results. Sarah, on the other hand, explained how “there is no ‘best diet’ to lose weight”. Instead, “the most important thing is balance, colour, variety, portion control and no restrictions”. Rather than focusing on certain foods that should and shouldn’t be consumed, and getting obsessed with calories, Sarah believes there are eight things to bear in mind if you want to see the number on the scale decrease. READ MORE: Nutritional therapist debunks five common weight loss myths She said: “Top tips I would give are as follows: 1. Do not skip breakfast. Skipping breakfast will not help you lose weight. 2. Eat small regular meals. 3. Eat plenty of fruit and veg. 4. Be more active. 5. Drink plenty of water. 7. Eat mindfully and slowly. 8. Use a smaller plate.” DON'T MISS...Aldi Specialbuys: The ‘secret sale’ for sold out items [INSIDER]‘Outgoing’ Princess Charlotte compared to Diana - ‘Initially shy’ [BODY LANGUAGE]Star signs: Aries urged to ‘stand back’ and assess relationship [INSIGHT] As for a calorie deficit, Sarah said it needs to be combined with daily exercise. “One of the best ways to lose body fat in a healthy, effective and sustainable way is by combining consistent daily exercise with a calorie deficit,” the PT explained. “This means that you are expending more energy than you are taking in. “Steady aerobic exercise - such as brisk walking, light jogging, strength training - for at least 30 minutes most days of the week. “Some people may require more physical activity than this to lose weight and maintain that weight loss. “Any extra movement helps burn calories. “Being mindful of that you are consuming, consuming mostly minimally processed foods like fruits, vegetables and fibre, and eating home-cooked meals can help you reach a calorie deficit without calorie counting,” she added. Sarah Campus is a highly qualified PT, nutrition coach and founder of LDN MUMS FITNESS. She specialises in pregnancy and postpartum diet, fitness, and wellness and offers private, group and on-demand training. Sarah is a mum of two boys under four and is currently pregnant with her third child. She welcomes new mums and mums to be to drop past her Instagram page @ldnmumsfitness for a chat with the LDN Mums community.