The First Minister faced a barrage of criticism last night after it was revealed newspapers, including the Scottish Daily Express, were prevented from attending Ms Sturgeon's local election launch later today. Alex Cole-Hamilton, who replaced Willie Rennie as leader of the Scottish Liberal Democrats in 2021, was among those to voice concerns about the SNP launch. He said: “This is a remarkable display of both arrogance and cowardice from the First Minister. “It feels more like the scrutiny dodging antics of Donald Trump than the actions of a leader at ease with her Government’s record.” The decision not to invite national newspapers comes just weeks after print journalists were prevented from questioning Finance Secretary Kate Forbes over her blueprint to transform Scotland's economy. However, an SNP spokesperson last night said the campaign launch was focused on the “cost of living visit rather than a typical launch event”. The spokesperson said: “It’ll be in Glasgow and numbers are limited.” They added: “We’ll have visits throughout the campaign and publications will have the opportunity to ask questions of the party leader, as well as the usual channels via SNP Media.” JUST IN: 'Gulp!' Andrew Neil outlines humiliation for Macron as Le Pen romps ahead in new poll However, even under ex-First Minister Alex Salmond, the SNP has had a history of snubbing the press. Several national newspapers, including the Daily Telegraph and Scottish Daily Express, were barred from attending Mr Salmond's first press conference after he lost the 2014 independence referendum in which he tendered his resignation. Holyrood's three opposition parties, including the Tories, Labour and Lib Dems, will launch or have launched their local election campaigns alongside national newspapers. Ms Sturgeon looks set to use her launch to attack Boris Johnson's Conservative Party for their “disgraceful inaction” on the cost of living crisis. However, the Scottish Tories have snapped back against the First Minister. Miles Briggs, who serves as the local government spokesperson for the Scottish Tories, said: “This is the same tired old slogan that the SNP trot out at every election. READ MORE: BBC QT: Emily Thornberry slams government energy strategy – ‘Not done enough’ “Nicola Sturgeon and the SNP really have become a broken record. “I don’t know how Nicola Sturgeon can say with a straight face that people should vote SNP to protect local services when her government has presided over year after year of savage cuts to local authority funding. “If she wants to know who’s to blame for the £251m cuts facing councils across Scotland she should look in the mirror. “And it shows how out of touch Nicola Sturgeon is that she won’t even allow the press along to the SNP’s campaign launch to question her on these absurd comments." Mr Briggs' comment comes after COSLA said a £250million black hole in local authority budgets had emerged after Ms Forbes pledged a local government funding package of almost £12.7billion. Scottish Labour's business manager Neil Bibby also challenged Ms Sturgeon. DON'T MISS:NATO Summit: Truss vows 'age of engagement' with Putin 'dead' [SPOTLIGHT]Putin left raging after 60 paratroopers stage mutiny [INSIGHT]Putin plot to WIPE OUT Ukraine - entirely from the map [REVEALED] He said: “It’s no wonder Nicola Sturgeon is trying to dodge scrutiny while she bungles her response to the worst cost of living crisis in decades. “This is a tell-tale sign that this manifesto is going to be as bereft of ideas as the SNP’s last 15 years in Government. “It is utterly shameless for the SNP to talk about the cost of living crisis while they refuse to use the litany of powers at their disposal to help Scots." Bibby added: “The truth is they don’t want to be asked any questions because they don’t have any answers. “We deserve transparency and openness from our politicians, and we need real solutions to the cost of living crisis." 