The council of the town of Fontanka, just outside the port city of Odessa, is planning to name a residential street after Mr Johnson, it has announced. In a statement, the council said that a street named after the Russian poet Vladimir Mayakovsy was going to be renamed.  They said: “The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom is one of the most principled opponents of the Russian invasion, a leader in sanctions on Russia and defence support for Ukraine. “Rename Mayakovsky Street to Boris Johnson Street.” A local council official who broke the news online said that the new name represented “new heroes”. Lesia Vasylenko, a Ukrainian MP said that the name change was part of a process of “Derussification”.  He said: “Derussification is spreading fast across Ukraine. All Moscow and Pushkin streets are getting new names. “A town in the Odessa region will soon get a Boris Johnson street, for example. All I can say is support Ukraine.” However, according to google maps, Boris Johnson Street is a single track lane with potholes on it. Vladimir Mayakovsy, who the street has been named after up to now, was a Georgian born Russian poet who supported the 1917 Bolshevik revolution and was a part of the Russian futurist movement. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Boris urged to reconsider 'catastrophic' proposals  He gradually became disillusioned with the regime of Joseph Stallin and committed suicide at the age of 36 in 1930. During Mr Johnson’s recent visit to Kyiv in order to meet with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, the Ukrainian Defence Ministry suggested that more Western countries should follow his lead by offering defensive non-lethal aid. They said: “We are strengthening our union of democracies. Be brave, like Boris. Be brave, like Ukraine.” Mr Johnson was praised by Mr Zelensky for his “decisive and significant support” when he earlier this month became the first G7 leader to visit the Ukrainian capital since the Russian invasion in February. DON'T MISS:  Starmer and Sturgeon 'ploy' to oust Boris and 'reverse' Brexit [REVEAL] Hoyle slaps down Boris Johnson as he rages at Labour frontbench [INSIGHT] Nicola Sturgeon SHOULD be fined for breaking covid restrictions – POLL [SPOTLIGHT] The UK promised to send 120 armoured vehicles and anti-ship missile systems following the meeting. Mr Johnson’s visit was not announced in advance and only became public knowledge when the Ukrainian embassy in London posted a picture of the two leaders together. The UK has so far provided more than £450 million in defensive military aid to Ukraine while £400 million in economic and humanitarian support has been sent. It comes as Britain is vowing to send over missile launchers amid Russia’s bid to capture the eastern Donbas region. The Stormer weapons were shown to Ukrainian generals on Salisbury plain by the Ministry of Defence two weeks ago. They weigh 13-tonnes and can launch Starstreak, a high-velocity missile manufactured in the UK that destroys targets using three laser-guided darts. 