Princess Isabella, 15, celebrated her confirmation with her whole family in Fredensborg, Denmark, on Saturday. Crown Princess Mary of Denmark looked stunning in a gem embellished midi dress by designer Andrew Gn. The chic coral gown, which featured puff sleeves and a belt, retails for £2,723. Princess Mary combined the dress with a SERPUI cream clutch bag and matching Padra leather pumps. The royal finished the look with a stylish beige headband. For jewellery, she donned Queen Margrethe's turquoise earrings, which the Queen gifted her for her 50th birthday. READ MORE: Meghan Markle puts relationship ‘front & centre’ of Invictus speech  Royals fans took to social media to comment on the chic outfit. Instagram user @lauralzin said: "Gorgeous, gorgeous!!! Loved the colours on her." Another royal watcher, @art_cats_dogs, said: "Mary’s dress is perfection. Andrew Gn is brilliant." Royal fan @dcpnyclon commented: "Looks better than the model! "Love the link with the earrings and belt. Gorgeous look."  Another one named @isabelq42 said: "OMG!!! Stunning from head to toe! And love that she wore the turquoise and diamond earrings the Queen gifted her!! I'll say it...the dress looks better on CP Mary than on the model in the photo. Beautiful colour on her! "Love the headband also. The best thing about CP Mary is the confidence with which she wears her outfits. She does not just wear fashion...she IS fashionable. Just wow I love this dress!!" Crown Princess Mary's daughter, Princess Isabella, chose a white two-piece suit for her confirmation. The royal wore a Max Mara jumpsuit and blazer, which Crown Princess Mary had previously worn, and Jimmy Choo nude sandals. Princess Isabella accessorised the look with a silver comb by designer Ellen Hunter, Hartmann's diamond earrings and a pink pearl brooch. All the pieces have been previously worn by Crown Princess Mary, except the peal brooch which was a gift for her christening in 2007. Royal watcher @isabelq42 sai: "She looks fantastic. "You can tell she feels comfortable in what she's wearing and feels like herself! "I love she's been rocking Mary's previous looks! "She must have a great time going on a fashion hunt in her mom's closet! "Love she's wearing the brooch her grandmother gave her. Very sweet touch." Another royal fan, @__coldhands, added: "She looks fabulous! Is it the same outfit as she wore for Christan's confirmation?"