Kathryn Wilson works at Newcastle’s Freeman Hospital, where parking areas have been reduced as a result of building works. An email was sent to employees to explain the changes and signs were erected. Despite this, the hospital workers said the busy nature of her job meant she and a number of other workers didn't know about the rules. She is employed at the hospital as part of its domestic team - playing a key role in the fight against Covid. But now she has been left fuming after she was slapped with seven parking fines. Speaking to ChronicleLive, the issue was raised with Parkingeye - the firm which manages parking for the Newcastle Hospitals NHS Trust. READ MORE: E-scooter chaos continues as accidents rise 82 percent It confirmed that it would, as a gesture of good will, quash six of the seven fines. She said elements of the parking row fiasco have been “horrendous”. In November last year, building work began at the Freeman, prompting parking rules to be changed, with the number of parking areas being reduced. The Trust sent out information via email and put up signs in the car park and in staff areas, but Kathryn and members of her team had not been made aware of the changes. DON'T MISSPolice seize car owned for 45 minutes [WARNING]Driver fined after spending 11 minutes trying to pay in car park [SHOCKING]More young drivers to hit the roads as driving test pass rates spike [INSIGHT] A spokesperson for the Trust has stressed that changes to staff parking are "shared widely" through meetings and a range of "communication channels" regularly. They said staff parking permits were clear about where people were allowed to park. The Trust added it "ensured visible signage" was in place in its car parks explaining the rules. Staff at the Newcastle Hospitals NHS Trust who have a permit allowing on-site parking are not currently being charged to park, and have not been charged since March 2020. Because of this, a number of penalty charge notices (PCNs) have been issued this Spring, with Kathryn receiving three in the post, with Parkingeye saying four more fines are set to be issued. Kathryn said: "I have been parking at the same place since 2017. I have had no problem or issue. “But all of a sudden people started getting fines. When I got the first one I thought it must be a computer error. “They've said they sent an email briefing, but we don't use our work emails. “By the time you get into work it's 'head down, get on with work'. It's not something we can look at. I had no idea." Before learning that the majority of her penalty notices were to be quashed, Kathryn said she was "losing sleep" and concerned about the impact of the fines on her credit rating. She added: "I feel better now, not 100 percent but obviously I'd rather pay the one than seven. “But it's definitely better news, I can see the light at the end of the tunnel. It's just not hanging over me, it's a real relief." A Parkingeye spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “Parkingeye has partnered with Newcastle upon Tyne Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust for nine years to significantly improve how it’s car parks operate. “During this time there has been investment in modern consumer-facing systems which has enhanced accessibility and made parking at the hospital easier and safer for staff, patients and visitors. The system is designed to ensure the efficiency and smooth operation of the hospital by ensuring that patients, visitors and staff park in their allocated car parks. “Since November 2021 the Blue Car Park has not been included in the Multi-Storey staff parking permits, with staff still being able to park in the Multi-Storey and Red Car Park only. "The staff member has parked in the Blue Car Park on seven occasions since this change which has led to them receiving seven Parking Charge Notices (PCNs). Following a review we will cancel six of these charges as a gesture of goodwill, however the motorist will still be liable for one charge due to the administration and management fees associated with her unsuccessful appeal to POPLA, the independent body which reviews all cases. “We would add that Parkingeye operates a BPA (British Parking Association) audited appeals process, which motorists can use to appeal their parking charge. If anyone has mitigating circumstances then we would encourage them to appeal.” A Newcastle Hospitals NHS Trust spokesperson said: "Building work at the Freeman Hospital meant that some staff were no longer able to access one of our smaller car parks. “Any changes to staff parking arrangements are shared widely through forums and meetings and all of our trust communication channels on a regular basis. We also ensure that we have visible signage in place across our car parks."