After leaving Keeping up With the Kardashians on E! Entertainment, the family of successful businesswomen made their highly anticipated return to screens with a brand new show, The Kardashians, which finally premiered on Hulu. As fans tuned in to learn about the personal lives of the reality stars, viewers were quick to notice one family member was completely missing from the show.  The reigning stars of reality TV returned to where it all started to give fans a fresh insight into their relationships, businesses and dramas. When Keeping Up With The Kardashians first premiered on E! Entertainment in 2007, it completely reset what it meant to be reality stars and have longevity on TV. Despite their lengthy relationship with the network, in 2020 the family decided not to renew their contract with E!, and agreed to start over on Hulu. Fans were glad to see the Kardashian family make their comeback, however, while the iconic sisters made their return, fans noticed their brother Rob Kardashian was missing.  READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson's secret exposed in Meena twist  The viewers took to Twitter to share their confusion about Rob’s absence. @jeaninecrysler wrote: “Not one mention of their brother Rob. Weird!” @SweetCheeks1122 added: “Dang, Rob doesn't even exist anymore lol.” @on_pleasant tweeted: “Where is Rob? Show us Rob!” The official synopsis of the show read: “The family you know, and love is here with a brand new series, giving an all access pass into their lives. “Kris, Kourtney, Kim, Khloé, Kendall and Kylie bring the cameras back to reveal the truth behind the headlines. “From the intense pressures of running billion-dollar businesses to the hilarious joys of playtime and school drop-offs, this series brings viewers into the fold with a rivetingly honest story of love & life in the spotlight.” Though new relationships were a huge part of the conversation during the episode, viewers couldn’t help but wonder why Rob didn’t make an appearance. DON'T MISS...Carolina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Carolina Santos? [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan slams Kim Kardashian's 'get your a** up and work' remark [NEWS]Kanye West's disagreement with Prince William and Harry [INSIGHT] Fans of the original series will recall the 35-year-old had slowly stopped being featured in the episodes but had hoped he would make a comeback. In June 2021, Khloé Kardashian opened up about her brother’s decision during a reunion episode. She stated he felt as though he needed a break to deal with everything he had going on in his personal life. This was linked to his messy break-up with model Blac Chyna, with whom he shares a daughter Dream Kardashian. Khloé went on to add he was heartbroken because he felt used by the women in his life, and because he was a hopeless lover. She added: “I think he's just getting stronger, I think you have to get heartbroken and learn from your mistakes, and I think he's just stronger and feeling better to be around and be more vulnerable or exposed.” As well as their several business ventures and their combined net worth of an estimated $5 billion viewers will undoubtedly see more of their personal lives. This includes Kim’s new relationship with Pete Davidson, Kylie recently giving birth to a son and Kourtney’s rumoured secret wedding to drummer Travis Barker. The Kardashians is available on Hulu in the US and is available on Disney Plus in the UK. 