French presidential contender Marine Le Pen took direct aim at French President Emmanuel Macron and “his German friends” for France’s energy dependency on Russia, as the EU has yet to decide whether to impose an energy ban on Russia. Ms Le Pen told French broadcaster France Inter: “It was not Marine Le Pen who created Europe's dependence on Russia. It's Emmanuel Macron and his German friends. At some point, you still have to say things.” This comes as EU countries have reached a stalemate over a potential ban on Russian oil and coal following yesterday’s Bucha massacre in Ukraine that claimed more than 300 lives, according to Ukrainian officials. EU leaders have described the atrocities in Kyiv capital region as war crimes, prompting the EU to propose new sanctions on Russia. But Germany has so far been reluctant to impose further sanctions on Russia because it is highly dependent on Moscow for energy. It imported more than half of its gas and a third of its oil from Russia last year while France imported a quarter of its gas from Russia.  The German finance minister said on Monday that cutting off gas supply would dwindle Germany’s economy. Poland's Prime Minister joined Marine Le Pen in criticising Germany: “It’s Germany that is the main roadblocks on sanctions.” Hitting back at Macron, Le Pen added that moving away from France’s number one energy source - nuclear energy - and other energy sources was a strategic mistake. She said: “I am for nuclear. I have been for a long time. I am for hydrogen, I am for hydroelectricity, I am for a mix that is one hundred percent independent.” READ MORE: 'All wrong' Navy Seal picks apart Russia's desperate video of 'Mariupol surrender'  “This is not the choice made by Emmanuel Macron, who, at the start of his mandate, on the contrary, set up the conditions for the weakening of our nuclear power.” As part of its ecological transition, Macron has pledged to reduce the share of nuclear power in electricity by 50 percent by 2025. Earlier this year, Macron’s government was forced to make a U-turn as the progressive closure of nuclear plants bore the threat of electricity shortages. The EU imports about 40 percent of its gas from Russia and is trying to diversify its energy sources. DON'T MISS: Have Your Say: Should Hungary be kicked out of EU after rejecting Russia sanctions? [COMMENT]Germany to buy terryfing 'Iron Dome' missiles from Israel as Putin's war threatens West [JUST IN]Russian troops 'raped 3-year-old Ukranian girl' then dumped body on sister's corpse [INSIGHT] A new package of EU sanctions requires unanimous consent of all EU members states. Countries like Poland and the Baltics believe cutting off energy from Russia immediately is a moral decision that should be made as soon as possible to stop feeding Putin’s war machine. On the other hand, Italy, Germany, and Bulgaria could veto a new package of sanctions due to their heavy reliance on Russia’s energy and the risk to their economy. Viktor Orban’s re-election as the head of Hungary could also fracture the EU’s united response to Russia. On Monday, Putin congratulated Orban on his decisive victory, and Orban is widely thought to be a Kremlin ally.