A £159 television licence fee is a legal requirement if people watch live TV on any channel, not just the BBC. However, fresh calls emerged this week as the TaxPayers’ Alliance said taxpayers “shouldn't be forced to pay the outdated licence fee”. The BBC licence fee has been frozen at £159 until 2024 when it could be scrapped altogether. It remains a controversial topic especially as up until August 2020, all over 75s had the £159 BBC licence fee waived. Now, over 75s have to pay, unless they claim Pension Credit. The TaxPayers’ Alliance has spoken out and said it’s time to axe the fee for all Britons, not just pensioners. Danielle Boxall, media campaign manager at the TaxPayers' Alliance said: “Taxpayers shouldn’t be forced to pay the outdated licence fee simply for owning a telly.” READ MORE: DWP announces Universal Credit roll out plans She continued: “Brits are fed up with seeing the Beeb splash their cash on loaded luvvies, politicised programming and generous expenses for BBC bosses. “Ministers must act now to axe the TV tax and unshackle Auntie from the taxpayer.” Some readers have told Express.co.uk how they have cancelled their TV licence to make necessary savings due to the cost of living crisis. One reader Mike Salford said: “I refuse to give BBC £159 of my hard earned money, end of story!” DON'T MISSState pension triple lock could be ‘replaced’ in future [WARNING]Do you need a TV licence if you don't watch BBC? [INSIGHT]How much council tax should you be paying? Check your band today [ALERT] Other campaigners are calling for free TV licences to be reinstated for all over 75s - many of whom have no other connection with the outside world. Dennis Reed, director at Silver Voices, is one campaigner who previously warned the cost of living crisis would force pensioners to ditch their TV. While the TV licence fee is still a legal requirement, thousands of pensioners could qualify for a free TV licence if they claimed Pension Credit. Typically, Britons who have reached state pension age will qualify for Pension Credit if they earn less than £177.10 per week. Pension Credit also entitles people to help towards energy bills, council tax and a free TV licence if they are also over 75. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) is urging people to check on family and friends to see if they might qualify for this extra financial help. Minister for Pensions at the DWP, Guy Opperman said: “We recognise the challenges some pensioners will be facing with the cost of living which is why promoting Pension Credit is a priority. “That’s why we’re calling on everyone with retired family, friends and loved ones to check in with them and see if they can get this extra financial support.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, there are some cases when people don’t need a TV Licence. A spokesperson said: “If you only watch on demand programmes on Netflix and don’t watch TV live on any TV or streaming service, and don’t watch BBC iPlayer, you may cancel your TV Licence if you won’t need it again before it expires.” “The licence fee is the agreed method of BBC funding until at least 2027 and continues to ensure the BBC is an independent, universal broadcaster, which invests in UK creativity and talent. "We continue to prioritise spending on high quality programmes and services with over 95% of our spending on content and its delivery.” Britons can find out more at tvlicensing.com.  