Former Manchester United assistant manager Rene Meulensteen has explained to Erik ten Hag what will be expected of him at the club. Ten Hag appears to have won the race to become United’s next manager in the summer and will have a serious task on his hands to turn around a club which is about to end a fifth successive season without any silverware.    The 52-year-old Dutchman is poised to succeed interim boss Ralf Rangnick in June after concluding the 2021/22 season with current side Ajax. Ten Hag has already reached a verbal agreement with United’s recruitment team, which has been led by football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher, but the announcement isn’t expected until the end of the campaign. He has won two league and cup doubles while in charge of Ajax and is currently four points clear of rivals PSV Eindhoven at the top of the Eredivisie with six games left to play. His success over five years in the hot seat at Ajax comes in stark contrast to United, who last won a trophy back in the 2016/17 campaign when Jose Mourinho triumphed in the Europa League and League Cup. Ten Hag will be expected to bring back good times at Old Trafford. The hierarchy are reportedly ready to back him in the transfer window and Meulensteen, who was a coach under Sir Alex Ferguson between 2007 and 2013, has previously outlined the order of priority at the club.  JUST IN: Man Utd hero Saha calls out Rooney for 'targeting' Cristiano Ronaldo "At the start of every season it was always the same set of goals: win the Premier League, try to win the Champions league, the FA Cup and the League Cup, in that order,” he wrote for Utd Unscripted in August. “The question we’d ask ourselves was, ‘what are we going to win?’ We always wanted to win something. That level of expectation brings a certain level of commitment, high demands and it could bring a lot of pressure. That’s the key, for me, to sum up my time working with Sir Alex: I never felt that pressure.” ESPN have claimed that Ten Hag could bring compatriot Meulensteen back to the club as a link to the club’s glory days. If that does come to pass then the 58-year-old, who is currently working as an assistant coach with the Australia national team, would be able to guide Ten Hag through what can be a packed schedule. DON'T MISS Erling Haaland rejects Man Utd transfer with two clubs under debate Man Utd and Arsenal wince as Wolves set huge price tag for Neves Rashford set to get chance under Ten Hag after Man Utd transfer U-turn  “It was relentless. Champions League Wednesday, Premier League Saturday, League Cup Tuesday… that hard drive never stopped spinning because it was always thinking ahead and that’s why you need good staff, good people around you so you can get their take or their feelings on a situation,” Meulensteen wrote. “Sometimes we had the odd bad result, but we never dwelled on it. We didn’t get carried away with the highs and never got too down with the setbacks. “Sir Alex was always in control, but he always seemed relaxed. He was clear with all of us. He’d say: ‘We work in a stressful job. It's 24/7, but that doesn't mean that I want you to be busy with football 24/7. If your job is done and you want to refresh yourself, go home. It's all about quality, not quantity’.” 