Meghan Markle and Prince Harry returned together to the UK for the first time since stepping down from their official roles in March 2020. The couple visited the Queen at Windsor Castle before heading to The Netherlands to attend the opening of the Invictus Games, a gesture interpreted as an attempt to bridge the gap their departure caused with the rest of the Royal Family. But royal commentator Phil Dampier questioned their commitment to making peace after he challenged the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's decision to leave their children, Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana, in California. Speaking to GB News, Mr Dampier said: "The other thing is, they haven't brought Archie and Lilibet. "The Queen is yet to meet Lilibet, her great-granddaughter. "So if you are trying to heal the rift, why not bring the kids? It would have been an ideal opportunity." Prince Harry had previously claimed his family would not be returning to the UK over concerns about the level of security they would receive. READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG The Duke of Sussex is currently in dispute with the Home Office to uphold their decision not to grant his household the same level of protection as other members of the Royal Family due to him and Meghan Markle stepping down. The ongoing legal row was cited as the main reason Harry and Meghan did not return to the UK to attend the thanksgiving service in honour of Prince Philip last month. Mr Dampier continued: "It's a little bit too early to say that the family rift has been healed despite the meeting with the Queen and Prince Charles the other day. "I think it's a bit too early to say that. READ MORE: Adorable moment beaming Harry and Meghan driven by children on first day of Invictus - VID "He was claiming he didn't get Scotland Yard security, he's actually got an ongoing legal battle with the Home Office trying to get security. "So if he couldn't come to Prince Philip's memorial service, why was he able to pop in the other day? It doesn't make sense." The couple stayed at their Windsor home, Frogmore Cottage, which Harry's cousin Princess Eugenie has been leasing since 2020. They are believed to have also met with Prince Charles, who has seen his relationship with his youngest son become strained over recent years. DON'T MISS Best pictures of Princess Anne's royal tour so far [INSIGHT] Meghan issued warning as feminists to launch attack on her new podcast [REVEAL] Queen's action 'removes any danger' of Harry and Andrew duties [REPORT]  During their infamous interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021, Prince Harry claimed his communications with the Prince of Wales had stopped and he was cut off after stepping down. But biographer Tom Quinn claimed Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are now "hoping" to mend their relationship with Prince Charles to see their current arrangements reviews. Mr Quinn said: "I think Meghan and Harry are hoping, and I've had this on good authority, when the Queen dies, Charles will be open to allowing Harry and Meghan to be part-time royals. "Which is what they wanted from the start."