Fire crews are attending the blaze at an industrial building in Westbrook, Newbury. Royal Berkshire Fire and Rescue Service said the fire may involve fireworks and pyrotechnics and urged people to avoid the area. The M4 was closed near Junction 14 for Hungerford but later reopened. In a statement, the fire service said: "At 1.41pm on Saturday, we received reports of a fire at industrial building in Westbrook, Newbury. "Royal Berkshire Fire and Rescue Service (RBFRS) crews from Newbury, Theale and two Officers have currently been sent to the scene, together with crews from Dorset and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service. "Firefighters have found a fire involving possible pyrotechnics and fireworks. "Cordons are in place, but people are urged to stay away from the area while emergency services deal with this fire." The fire service added in a tweet: "Fire crews are currently attending a large fire adjacent to the M4 motorway J14-13. "Please restrict any calls to emergencies only as crews are extremely busy. Thank you."  In an update at 6pm, the fire service added: We currently remain on scene at an Industrial building in Westbrook, Newbury. We are asking that people avoid the area wherever possible at this time. The M4 J13-J14 is now open. Further information will be provided as soon as possible." A diversion was put in place on the M4 as motorists faced a busy Easter Saturday with traffic. A National Highways spokesperson said: "The M4 is closed in both directions between J13 near Snelsmore - J14 near Shefford Woodlands due to a large building fire near the carriageway causing debris. We will keep you updated. Thank you." One Twitter user, Charlotte Ward, shared a video of the fire and described "explosions". She said: "Huge fire and explosions out in leafy Berkshire.  "Has been raging for 20mins already. "Is this the munitions dump at #rafwelford?" Another Twitter user, Jess Taylor, replied: "It's a barn that stores fireworks/pyrotechnics not Welford." A third Twitter user, Ed O'Meara, posted pictures showing thick smoke from the M4. He said: "Fire on the M4 near Easton, Hampshire!"