Estelle Harris, who famously played George Costanza’s mother Estelle on Seinfeld and voiced Mrs. Potato Head in the animated feature Toy Story, has died aged 93. The on-screen star was just weeks away from celebrating her 94th birthday. The actress' son Glen Harris said that his mother died of natural causes at her home in Palm Desert, California on Saturday night. In a candid statement, he said: "It is with the greatest remorse and sadness to announce that Estelle Harris has passed on this evening at 6:25 pm." He noted that he held her before she "drew her final breath". "Her kindness, passion, sensitivity, humor, empathy, and love were practically unrivaled, and she will be terribly missed by all those who knew her," he added to Deadline. READ MORE: Piers Morgan faces Will Smith's Oscars slap in mocking photo Tributes have poured in for the beloved actress on social media as fans offered their condolence. Twitter user, Jimmy Ramos commented: "One of the best moms in Seinfeld she will be missed thank you for bringing all the laughs. May she rest in peace." Marty Weiss penned: "So sad to hear of the passing of Estelle Harris. Not only was she a gem in her work (Seinfeld, Toy Story, etc), my own top memory was on-set of The Suite Life of Zack and Cody. I’d set up a kid with leukemia to get his dream to work on the show. She was so kind to him. RIP." Kathy added: "She'll always be an actor from my youth. Being a Gen-Xer, losing these legends hurts, since our parents introduced us to them. RIP Funny Lady! You'll always be a part of my introducing my nephew to the movies." Estelle was born in April 1928 in Manhattan to Polish immigrants who owned a candy store. She grew up in Pittsburgh but eventually moved back to the city where she married her husband Sy Harris. The couple share three children together, Eric, Glen and Taryn. In recent years, Estelle had to undergo surgery to remove cancer from her nose in 2013. DON'T MISS... Joan Collins has not had surgery as star rejects Jane Seymour's remark[LATEST]Bruce Willis' wife thanks fans as actor 'sells off property empire'[UPDATE]A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman tried for another baby[EXCLUSIVE] She underwent a minor operation to remove the cancerous cells and had to sport a plaster on her nose. Speaking about it at a Hollywood event, she joked that it wasn't a "nose job". The actress assured her fans the doctors "got it all out". The New York natives acting career began while she was raising her children and eventually found stardom, starring in The Suite Life of Zach and Cody, iCarly, Curb Your Enthusiasm, The Proud Family, Sabrina the Teenage Witch and more. She got her start on Looking Up and then Once Upon a Time in America, before getting a three-episode deal on Night Court, according to People. Estelle appeared in 27 episodes of Seinfeld between 1992 and 1998, playing a character that ironically shared the same name as her. She also famously played Mrs. Potato Head in Toy Story 2, 3, and 4 with the latter being her last title. She had more than 100 film titles on her resume over her 45-year career and became known as a maternal figure, often playing the mom on shows.