Washing machine works incredibly hard to keep clothes clean, but during this process, it can fall victim to a build-up of mould and limescale. This is particularly true of washing machine drawers, which usually houses cleaning products such as detergent, fabric softener and stain removers. A lack of airflow and moisture within the drawer makes this the perfect environment for black mould and mildew to thrive. Fans of cleaning guru Mrs Hinch have taken to social media to detail how to use white vinegar and baking soda to remove mould form washing machine drawers. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tip Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on a method to remove mould from her washing machine drawer. Beverly Jones wrote: “What is the best way to clean washing machine drawers, it gets mouldy so quickly?” Regularly wiping down and cleaning this compartment is crucial to stop mould. READ MORE: Laundry: How to save on energy bills drying your clothes The longer the area goes without being cleaned, the worse a mould build-up will be. Luckily, Beverly’s post was inundated with Mrs Hinch fans eager to share their top tips. According to the cleaning enthusiasts all that is needed is white vinegar and baking soda to clean washing machine drawers. Larra Davies said: “Take the drawer out and soak in white vinegar and baking soda and scrub the inside of the drawer compartment with the solution too.” DON'T MISS: Weeding tips: How to ‘effectively’ kill weeds for ‘zero cost’ [TIPS]Shower cleaning: How to remove shower screen limescale - ‘never fails’ [COMMENT]Homes Under the Hammer: Couple spend £100 to boost property value [INSIGHT] Kate Trottman replied: “Do as Laura suggested, then when not in use leave the draw ajar. It’s the cheapest and most effective method I’ve found. “Since using this method l have never had to clean the draw, just had to rinse the conditioning draw out once in a while.” Jane Hayes commented: “Take the draw out to clean it then scrub behind the draw with a brush then do an empty load with white vinegar and baking soda on hot.” Maria Picknell wrote: “I just washed mine with baking soda and vinegar and it came out lovely. Mould no more.” Marlene Philips advised: “Baking soda and white vinegar is the best option to remove mould from washing machine drawers.” Ellie Mae said: “Mine never gets mouldy as I clean it regularly using a mixture of white vinegar and baking soda.” Kirsty Gipson added: “I use white vinegar and bicarbonate soda and scrub with an old toothbrush.” Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested soaking the drawer in hot water with a single dishwasher tablet. Jenifer Lee said: “I soaked mine with a dishwasher tablet and used a small brush after about an hour.” Alison Moir commented: “Soak your washing machine drawer in the sink with hot water and a dishwasher tablet. The results are amazing. “When you have done all that make sure you leave it slightly open when not in use. Same for the door if you can.” Christine Hart added: “I put mine through the dishwasher or soak in a dishwasher tablet and water. The little toothbrushes are great for getting in the holes.”