The former couple is no longer on speaking terms with each other after meeting on Married at First Sight Australia, and fans of the show have been desperate for more details as to why the relationship went south. Friends of Mitch and Ella have revealed the ins and outs of the split, and it seems a differing of ideas as to how private they should keep their romance was of the biggest contributors. According to a source, Mitch is a "very private" person, whereas Ella was keen to "flaunt" the relationship. One insider commented: "Mitch is low-key and wanted to keep their relationship private, even though they met on a TV show." Meanwhile, Ella's friend explained the 28-year-old had plans for her and Mitch to become a "power couple" of the show, which Mitch didn't agree with. They continued: "He wanted something different. He was just waiting to tap out." READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show Speaking to MailOnline along with the other sources, another friend of Ella's insisted it was Mitch's negative attitude that was the real reason behind the split. They explained Mitch "dimmed" Ella's light and that she'd found the relationship "exhausting". The couple went their separate ways just days after filming the reunion episode on January 13. Ella and Mitch met on the latest series of the romantic experiment show, and the two seemed to hit it off quickly.  At the time, Ella told her new husband the experts "definitely hit the nail on the head with things I asked for". Mitch replied that he felt the same way about her, and it seemed the couple were headed for marital bliss. The two did hit a rocky patch at the final commitment ceremony though, where Ella revealed she wanted to continue the relationship after the show ended. However, at the very last minute, Mitch explained he wasn't ready to entirely commit to her and asked his bride for "patience". DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley slammed for Scarlett Moffatt religion interrogation [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Ben Mitchell becomes killer after violent attack [THEORY]Vine caller argues against claims Rishi’s too rich to be chancellor [VIDEO] Ella didn't take this very well and was in tears after their ceremony had come to an end. She stated: "I've given it my all. I have given it my absolute all. "He's asked for patience but to me, he's just keeping his options open. "I just think it's a cop-out, that's not good enough after everything we've been through. "It's hard to imagine not having a beach day again, you know, or random pranks, all the things that come with living with him." Despite fans being reassured when the couple arrived at the reunion together, it seems the romance wasn't meant to be long-term and the two have now broken up. Therefore, it's reasonable to assume the key reason for the split is the couple clearly wanted different things. Married at First Sight Australia season nine is available to watch on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.