On Monday, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge joined her husband, Prince William, at Westminster Abbey for a service of thanksgiving and commemoration for Anzac Day, which observes the anniversary of the start of the First World War Gallipoli Peninsula landings. The Duke of Cambridge laid a wreath at the Cenotaph on behalf of his grandmother, the Queen, before heading to the Abbey. The couple were welcomed by the Dean of Westminster and gathered with hundreds of guests from Australia and New Zealand's communities in the UK. The poignant job used to be undertaken by William’s younger brother, Prince Harry, but since he and his wife, Meghan Markle, stepped down from their roles as senior royals two years ago, it was down to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to attend the commemorations this year. Kate and William walked down the same aisle they did when they got married almost 11 years ago. Since the spectacular Royal Wedding, the couple have become integral members of the Royal Family, having taken on more central roles in recent years following the Sussexes’ shock exit, stepping down of Prince Andrew, death of Prince Philip and amid concerns surrounding the Queen’s health and mobility. The pair have been deemed the “future of the monarchy” and while the Duke has prepared to carry out his destiny, the Duchess has stood by his side. Royal biographer Howard Hodgson told Express.co.uk that William was “lucky to marry” Kate, who has proven to be an “extremely good influence on the prince. He said: “Certainly William is very dutiful, and I think supported by Kate. “They ensure that they keep a good appearance, they do put the public, the country and the monarchy first. He added: “I think he was very lucky to marry her. I think she’s an extremely good influence and is well-liked by the people, and so she should be.” Kate’s responsibilities within the Royal Family have also steadily increased, with the Duchess taking on more solo engagements. A source told the Evening Standard last month: “Catherine has supported her husband magnificently and with real style too. "But they are both older now and have their own interests. “She is passionate about early childhood development and learning for example.” DON'T MISS: Meghan 'pushes Harry away' after TV kiss as body language expert exposes dramatic moment [LATEST]Anne Boleyn: Historian staggered by uncovered love letters from Henry VIII – 'So uncanny' [INSIGHT]Royal rift POLL: Should Prince William work to resolve the feud with Prince Harry? [ANALYSIS] The comments came following Kate and William’s controversial Caribbean tour of Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas. They were accused of being "tone deaf" after they were photographed greeting crowds behind a wire mesh fence in Kingston, while images of them standing in the back of a Land Rover during a military parade in Jamaica which was denounced as smacking of "colonialism". In a statement as the trip came to a close, the Duke said that the tour had “brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future.” He added that he and Kate were “committed to service” and wanted to support the Commonwealth nations in “whatever way they think best”. William said he is only interested in a “better future” for the Commonwealth, and its relationship with Britain. According to reports, the Duke and Duchess are set to “rip up the rule-book” and “do things ‘The Cambridge Way’”. It is a glimpse into what the British monarchy might look like under King William — when he succeeds to the throne after his father, Prince Charles. Her Majesty has always preferred to maintain a dignified silence in the face of press coverage or criticism in order to avoid a political-style strategy. However, William is preparing to ditch the old “never complain, never explain” mantra having been called to apologise for Britain's past during his and Kate's tour. More recently, Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex have endured protests on their current tour of the Caribbean. Edward and Sophie embarked on their tour in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee on Friday. Protesters greeted them with banners saying “reparation now”, “down with neo-colonialism” and “Britain your debt is outstanding”. Following the Cambridges’ tour, it was reported that William sat down with staff to discuss how future tours could be arranged differently to avoid the same backlash.