Ben's new ITV programme, Falklands War: The Forgotten Battle will air on Thursday night. The presenter discussed what viewers can expect from the documentary with Kate Garraway and Richard Madeley on Good Morning Britain. During the chat, Ben told the hosts many people have forgotten the Falklands war, and some don't even know where it is. Ben explained he was just nine years old when the war happened 40 years ago. He said: "It captured my imagination, the horrors, the excitement, all of those things as a young child watching that unfold. "Obviously all of the bigger battles of the Falklands were the stories that really hit the headlines but this story of Naval Party 8901 is largely forgotten. "What you must remember is that there were 70 of them as you've already explained, they were under-equipped and they were sent a telegram saying, 'An invasion force is arriving tomorrow morning, make your dispositions accordingly.'" READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show The wildlife presenter continued: "It was fantastically ambiguous and that was it. "They had a couple of simple guns, a bit of barbed wire and they were somehow meant to keep an invading force of hundreds, maybe thousands at bay." Kate went on to ask whether this was before Margaret Thatcher became known as the "Iron lady". "These men, most of them teens went there for a simple life," Ben replied.   He later added: "There's a lot of people who have forgotten the Falklands war, don't even know where the Falkland Islands are, it's just off Argentina. "For hundreds of years, those who lived there have been quite fearful of Argentina's claim, that's a whole other thing, I'm not going to get into the politics of the right and wrongs. "At point, we've got these 70 marines who had this unenviable task, can you imagine how terrifying that would be?" "To wake up and see the ships," Richard chipped in as Ben continued: "To sit on the beach with some barbed wire and just wait." DON'T MISS...Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Josephine Jobert details new role after show exit [VIDEO]Billy Connolly helped Hollyoaks star to recognise Parkinson's  [NEWS] Ben's interview with Richard and Kate sparked a backlash with viewers after many became frustrated with the hosts for "interrupting" their guest. Nikki Middleton fumed: "Wow seen it all now Kate and Richard not only interrupting Ben but finishing his sentences. Didn’t realise they were experts." Ruth tweeted: "Was very interested in this interview was difficult to hear Ben though with the continuous interruptions by Kate and Richard." While Catherine raged: "Stop talking over your guests Richard!!" Ben's new documentary, which begins on Thursday, will see the presenter uncover one of the untold stories of the Falklands War. The presenter will investigate how the small garrison of British Marines stationed on the Islands of Argentina was invaded 40 years ago. Viewers will watch as Ben speaks with veterans of Naval Party 8901 who, with fewer than 70 lightly armed men, were left to face an Argentine invading force some ten times that number. The 48-year-old travelled to the Falklands for the programme as he was told why the soldiers were given no prior warning of the invasion. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.