Kel first appeared on Coronation Street back in the Spring of 2020 as Laura, the useless mother of established character, Kelly Neelan (played by Millie Gibson), and the ex-wife of the loan shark, Rick Neelan (Greg Wood). Although she was introduced as a feckless excuse of a parent, in recent months on the ITV soap, she has turned things around after discovering she had stomach cancer. In heartbreaking scenes on Friday evening, Laura passed away without getting to say goodbye to her daughter, closing the door on Kel's time on the show. Before Kel came back for the final time as Laura, it was agreed with bosses the character was going to be killed off as part of the storyline. It was something both the actress and the writers came to a mutual agreement about and Kel saw it as a huge opportunity to go out with a bang. After it was revealed on-screen her alter-ego had terminal stomach cancer and only had weeks left to live, Kel opened up about leaving the show. The soap star said: "I think for me, it's bittersweet. I guess Laura could have stayed around but then what would have happened? "She’d be up to her old tricks again. Every actor wants to get their teeth into something so gritty, and there are always twists and turns." READ MORE: The Chase contestant sparks fury for knocking £8k off prize fund The actress continued: "For me, I'm excited for what's to come. I'll be so sad when I leave because obviously, I've made so many bonds with everybody offset." Discussing filming her final scenes, Kel explained: "Oh my god, it's emotional. I get emotional and start filling up just thinking about it. "What a way to go. When they asked me to come back for this final storyline I couldn’t believe it, it was too good to turn down. "As an actor to get your teeth stuck into something so heartbreaking, dramatic and even with humour thrown in is just incredible." Laura's final storyline saw her take the wrap for killing Rick as she discovered Gary Windass (Mikey North) murdered him. Not wanting her daughter to be without a guardian, however, she told Gary she would take on the guilty charge as long as he promised her he would take care of Kelly. The actress added: "It's been three years in the running and people have been desperate for the truth to come out but I don't think they were expecting that twist. "Because of that twist the death scenes when they come are even more emotionally charged," she continued before reflecting on her time on the show. Kel said: "For me, it has been an incredible job playing a brilliant character and being part of a storyline that has really engaged the audience. "The biggest thing I have taken from it is the relationships with the people there." DON'T MISS...Michelle Collins, 59, engaged to toyboy beau, 38, after 10 years [COMMENT]Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim [COMMENT]Corrie’s Beverley Callard begged Ricky Gervais for role in After Life [COMMENT] "Millie is incredible, such a talented actor and she is the daughter I never had," the soap star detailed, praising her co-star. "I knew Georgia [Toyah Battersby] before I joined as we trained together many years ago so it has been brilliant working with her again. "Also I loved working with Samia [Maria Connor], Charlie [Imran Habeeb] and Mikey, we are like one big family and I feel blessed to be part of that and I will never forget this experience." Kel was not a member of the regular cast as she was brought in and out of the drama, depending on what the storyline demanded. Over the course of two years, she has appeared in just over 40 episodes of the weeknight serial drama. During this week's episodes, Laura was seen rapidly deteriorating as Gary was told by doctors she had a matter of days left to live. Kel's character pleaded with Gary to get her daughter to come and see her before she died as Kelly had cut all ties with her mother after she confessed to killing Rick. Maria (Samia Longchambon) was a huge presence in Laura's final scenes as she went to tell the mother of one her only child wouldn't be coming to see her. The one thing Laura didn't want was to die alone and she didn't as her daughter's new mother figure was by her side. Kelly was heartbroken as after a split second change of mind, she decided she wanted to say goodbye to her mother. In the coming weeks, viewers will watch as Kelly struggles to come to terms with both her parents dying and the repercussions this will bring for her and Gary. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.