 Fiona Dolman was welcomed onto ITV’s Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh on Sunday morning. The actress spoke about her iconic role on Midsomer Murders, which she has held for around 10 years. Fiona plays Sarah Barnaby, wife of DCI John Barnaby, in the hit drama series. Reflecting on her first episode, Fiona recalled what it was like sharing the screen with some big name stars.    Alan commented on the impressive guest stars featured on Midsomer Murders: “The stars you get, I mean, there’s no limit is there?” Keen to know more, the presenter asked which famous guest stars have stuck Fiona’s mind. Fiona replied: “We have had so many and that is one of the real privileges of being in this show. “I mean, my first episode when I got the job was with Edward Fox and Phyllida Law. READ MORE:Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in...    “So, I literally sat in this read through sort of just going, ‘Ahh,’” she said. The actress confessed she learnt a lot from watching Edward and Phyllida perform together. “It was like this masterclass really of listening to them because they played this bickering old couple who were annoying each other,” Fiona explained. Alan chimed in: “I remember that episode. Yes, I do.”    Fiona continued: “They were wonderful and they were recluses. "They had a sort of fort that they’d built out of old newspapers and it was death by a newspaper tower,” she said. However, Fiona insisted she’s encountered many impressive guest stars throughout her time on Midsomer Murders. The actress commented: “That’s been the same all the way through. DON'T MISS...Midsomer Murders star marks 25th anniversary of ITV series [MUST SEE]BBC viewers stunned by ‘scary’ weed killer investigation [INSIGHT]Coronation Street spoilers: Summer makes worrying health confession [SPOILERS]  “You know, these actors that come in and we’ve attracted these fantastic British institutions really. “Peter Egan was a favourite, I got to do quite a lot with him and Clarke Peters we’ve had. "We’ve had brilliant women, we’ve had Harriet Walters,” Fiona recalled. Fiona explained that with her role on the show she doesn’t always get to work closely with the guest stars, but admires their performances from afar.    Highlighting how much she loves her job, the actress laughed: “It’s not really a job is it? It’s really brilliant.” This year marks a special anniversary for Midsomer Murders as the hit show has been on air for 25 years. Fiona said: “It’s been 10 years for me, it’s coming up to my 50th episode. “But, Midsomer, we are just celebrating 25 years since the first episode went out,” she revealed. Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh airs Sundays at 10am on ITV.  