Commentator Calvin Robinson said it was “sad” that the Duke of Sussex, 37, did not travel from the US to Britain for the event in honour of the Duke of Edinburgh at Westminster Abbey on March 29. Mr Robinson added that Harry would be expected to attend “for the Queen at the very least”. The commentator claimed the Duke, who is living in California after quitting royal duties, had “lost all sense of service and duty and obligation to his family" as well as "the nation" and "wider community of the Commonwealth". Mr Robinson told Sky News: “He's willing to align himself with virtue signallers and celebrity culture but he cannot go home to mourn the loss of a loved national figure. “It really is sad because you would just think he would be there for the Queen at the very least.” Harry has faced criticism for skipping Philip’s memorial service despite heading to the Netherlands later this month for the Invictus Games. Meghan Markle will also join her husband in The Hague for the first few days at the event, which is taking place from April 16 to 22. It comes as the Duke is embroiled in a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection for his family while in the UK. Harry wants to bring his children to visit but they are ”unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous, his legal representative has said. READ MORE: Princess Anne’s tour may fly under radar ‒ but she ‘prefers it'  It is not known whether the Duke will visit Britain and see his grandmother the Queen while he is on this side of the Atlantic for the Invictus Games. Dai Davies, a former head of royal protection at Scotland Yard, said the idea that Harry is unable to come to the UK due to safety concerns is "sheer unadulterated nonsense”. Asked if he would say the UK is a potentially unsafe place for Harry, Mr Davies said: "No I wouldn't. He would get the same risk assessment as every other royal. DON'T MISSCharles and Camilla will not visit Sussexes during Canada royal tour [INSIGHT]Prince Harry expected to take 'potshots' at Camilla in new memoir [VIDEO]Meghan Markle and Harry announce TWO new huge partnerships [ANALYSIS] "Most of them now don't get full-time protection or even half-time protection, so the truth is the UK is far safer than most other places. "And with great respect, Harry is not an expert in security." Harry and Meghan are living in California with their two children Archie and Lilibet. The couple quit as working royals in March 2020 for new lives of personal and financial freedom across the pond.