It’s been one week since Will Smith shocked the world by storming onto the stage during the 2022 Oscars and slapping comedian-turned-host Chris Rock. The slap took place just before Questlove’s huge win, and as a result, he made fun of it while presenting at the 2022 Grammy Awards.  Questlove was introduced by host Trevor Noah to award Bruno Mars and Anderson Paak’s project Silk Sonic as the winner of the Song of the Year award. However, just before the producer read out the list of nominees, he joked about the Will Smith incident, stating: ”I trust you people will stay 500 feet away from me.” The Roots member then added: “Just playing.” Questlove then went on to talk about winning an award: “You never forget your first time, and this is now a special moment for someone and we’re gonna make a memory for them tonight.”  READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... Questlove’s win at the Oscars was undoubtedly a memorable moment for the world as everyone tried to continue as normal after the shocking events which took place. He won the award for Best Documentary Feature, for his film ‘Summer of Soul,’ which was sadly overlooked. Just before he accepted his award, Smith had taken to the stage and slapped Rock after the Madagascar star mocked his wife Jada Pinkett-Smith. This came after the comedian joked about Jada being bald, which he compared to 1997 film 'GI Jane', which starred Demi Moore.  Jada had been open about living with Alopecia and though Smtih appeared to laugh at the joke at first, he then took offence and slapped the host. This moment took over the entire award ceremony, as stars shared their reaction and viewers went into a frenzy on social media. Which led to Questlove’s win, which took place straight after, to be completely overlooked as viewers were still in complete shock. His remark prompted delight on Twitter after fans believed he deserved a moment after his win was "brushed aside".  DON'T MISS...Vera's Kenny Doughty admits he’s ‘never been on a job like’ ITV drama [INSIGHT]Chris Rock's brother hits out at Will Smith again over Oscars slap [REACTION]'Who are we to condemn?' Denzel says 'devil got hold' of Will Smith [INSIGHT] @alltoowellexile tweeted: “As he should.” @Niallschalament stated: “yall are getting so mad when in reality his Oscar win was overshadowed by this so ????” @CGwacko added: “I’ll let Questlove make his lil joke cause his moment got overshadowed last week”. @lindsaysalandra said: “Yaaas Questlove appreciate him making a good, lighthearted joke. not too serious, not bitter. it was just right.”  While another added: “Questlove had every right to make that joke and then some. Love him so much.” However, other viewers didn’t take to the joke and attempted to shame the 51-year-old for poking fun at the incident. @Lolothegod shared a tweet Questlove had written, which read: “Can we FINNNNNNNALY stop talking about it.” While @Deliciousmyself stated: “Jokes are supposed to be funny.” 