Jackson and Olivia's Married at First Sight Australia romance captivated fans of the show, but since the season ended it's been unclear if the couple stuck it out, with speculation they had ended things since their wedding rife. Following reports Jackson was spotted on dating app Hinge though, the 31-year-old has hit back to say he simply hadn't deactivated his old account. Jackson's matching with Olivia led to the pair becoming one of the most talked-about couples in the series. Since the season ended, Jackson has kept fans updated on his life through his Instagram account. The news all viewers are keen to find out though is whether the husband and wife have remained an item. It was recently reported Jackson had moved on from Olivia because members of the public had stumbled across his dating app account. READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? This led to speculation that the two must have broken up and Jackson is probably on the lookout for love again. The MailOnline reported the account described Jackson as someone who "loves to cook". However, Jackson has since made it clear he hasn't used Hinge in a year, insisting to the publication he simply hasn't deleted the account he used to have. Does this indicate the two are still going strong? Other clues picked up by fans have validated rumours the two are no longer together. A teaser clip for the finale, which is yet to air in the UK, shows all the contestants reuniting to discuss their experiences. Set to air on Sunday, the trailer points towards an evening of high drama amongst all the attendees. In particular, though, Olivia and Jackson's potential break-up is teased heavily. The couple is seen being asked to share their "big news," and it doesn't seem to be a happy announcement. DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Frankie betrayal as she schemes with Linda [THEORY]Disney descending down 'far-left rabbit hole' blasts GB News' Wootton [VIDEO]Simone Ashley hints Kate will 'let go' in Bridgerton season 3 [INTERVIEW] The clip then sees expert Mel Schilling asking: "Who ended the relationship?" Samantha Moitzi informs Al Perkins that "they are breaking up". In another conflicting twist though, snaps obtained by MailOnline back in January show a gleaming couple attending the dinner party having arrived together. The fact they came to shoot the reunion episode together would suggest they are in fact still a couple. Olivia has been at the centre of some controversy over her stint on the show. The biggest incident came when she discovered a naked photo of co-star Domenica Calarco via her now-deleted OnlyFans account and shared it with her fellow contestants. A huge row followed, and the Married at First Sight Australia experts condemned Olivia for her actions. The 27-year-old has since claimed she lost her job as a result of being in the series. Married at First Sight Australia is available to watch on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.