Manchester United hero Wayne Rooney has picked out three players who the club's next manager - be it Erik ten Hag, Mauricio Pochettino or anyone else - should build around next season. United are hunting for a new long-term boss to take over from interim head coach Ralf Rangnick in the summer with Ten Hag and Pochettino viewed as their two main choices. And the Red Devils' all-time top goalscorer Rooney, speaking on Sky Sports' Monday Night Football, insists he would rather see former Tottenham boss Pochettino handed the reins at Old Trafford. But whoever is appointed, he has named Jadon Sancho, the out-of-form Marcus Rashford and Scott McTominay as three players who should be crucial members of the next manager's team. He also named Jesse Lingard as a player he thinks should be more involved for United this season, although the England international - who shone last season on loan at West Ham - looks set to depart in the summer when his contract comes to an end. Asked who the next manager can build around, the ex-United and England captain said: "They've got good young players. Sancho will be better next year, Marcus will be better next year. I think Jesse Lingard should be playing for them, he brings energy, he brings quality. Scott McTominay has done well. MUST READ: Man Utd hero Wayne Rooney backs Liverpool to beat Man City in crunch clash "They've got some good young players. They've just got to get them confident and get them believing that they're good players and can perform at a better level. Whoever the new manager is I'm sure he'll bring his own players in and try and rebuild that group." Rooney believes there should be sweeping changes to the United squad this summer, with high-profile exits such as Cristiano Ronaldo and Paul Pogba possible. The Derby County manager added: "I think there's a few players they need to let go of. There hasn't been a settled manager probably since Alex Ferguson. "Whoever comes in, they need to give him time to build up relationships with players. They were going through a transition period with Solskjaer and it didn't work. That's obvious it didn't work with Ole. I don't think it's working with the manager now. "I think Pochettino in my opinion is a top manager and knows how to work with top-class players and young players. They need to get that blend right because they can't afford to fail again." Rooney made it clear he believes the Argentine manager, currently in charge at Paris Saint-Germain, is his chosen candidate for the job over Ten Hag even though the Ajax boss appears to be the frontrunner for the role. He added: "I think Pochettino has done it in the Premier League, he knows the Premier League. "At Tottenham he brought a lot of young players through, at Southampton as well. If I'm choosing from one of them two [Pochettino or Ten Hag], that's who I'd choose, I'd go with Pochettino and give him time. For managers now they need time to come in and put their blueprint on the club and the team. If you give him time, I think he'll do well."