After Emmanuel Macron’s victory over Marine Le Pen in Sunday’s French presidential election, Nigel Farage warned the President's “arrogance and “detachment”, as well as his disconnect from the French people, will further exacerbate fault lines in France. During April 20 debate opposing him to Ms Le Pen, his body language and remarks were once more perceived as arrogant. Speaking on GB News, Nigel Farage warns this attitude is bad news for rural France: “I do think honestly think there’s an arrogance, there is a detachment, there is a sort of Parisian sense that this is where France really is.” “And you only got to go a few miles outside the city to realise that much of France feels very differently. |It’s rather like our Brexit debate, isn’t it? “David Cameron was perceived to be aloof, not connected with ordinary people.” The Brexit debate in the run-up to the 2016 referendum uncovered Britain’s fault lines and split the vote into two main blocks, according to research. While small towns and rural places mainly voted to leave the European Union, some cities like London overwhelmingly voted to remain. The "aloof" former Prime Minister David Cameron was confident he could use the referendum as a lever to renegotiate UK’s relations with the EU. But his plan backfired on him, as most Britons voted to leave the EU – ruining his plan to renegotiate with the EU. He resigned following the outcome of the referendum. Going back to Macron’s re-election, Mr Farage said: “So, look I think the truth of it is that there were no big celebrations last night because they know they’re in for a very very difficult five years. READ MORE: This was a huge win for EU - Macron now bosses Europe JONATHAN SAXTY "So, I think they also know that whether it’s Marine Le Pen or whether it’s somebody else, in five years’ time, there’s going to be a challenger to the establishment who’s going to get very close to 50 percent. “They know the divide in France between the wealthy in the cities and the increasingly poorer living out in the countryside and in the provinces is only going to get worse. In 2018, under Macron’s first term, the yellow vests protests originally erupted over a hike in fuel prices, affecting mostly car drivers living in rural areas and who have no alternative but to drive to work. Nationwide protests then expanded their demands to lowering fuel taxes, re-introducing the wealth tax, and increasing the minimum wage. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Macron poised to unleash fresh hell on Britain [ANALYSIS]Macron victory marred by alarming polls for parliamentary election [INSIGHT]Le Pen ally laughs off far-left Mélenchon’s bid to power [REPORT] Most yellow vest protesters are from rural areas and some live under the poverty line. Many either showed political alienation or had voted for far-right or far-left candidates. Emmanuel Macron’s re-election is the last mandate he can take under the French constitution, as the presidential mandate is limited to two terms of five years each. It remains unclear which candidate will represent the centre of the French political landscape and fight off the far-left and the far-right in the next French presidential election. All traditional parties’ candidates have won less than five percent of the votes in the first round. 