In a bid to help houseplant owners keep their plants healthy, Hammonds Furniture analysed Google search data to find out which plants are the most popular in the UK. According to the research, the peace lily is one of the most “difficult” houseplants to care for, with 8,100 people searching for help looking after it. Experts at Hammonds Furniture said: “When it comes to humidity and temperature, the peace lily needs a more particular set up. “They should be kept away from cold draughts, and will do best in a humid room, such as a bathroom. “However, you can place your peace lily on display elsewhere in your home and mist the plant every few days. Misting houseplants helps to mimic their native environment and boost humidity. READ MORE: Shower cleaning: How to remove shower screen limescale - ‘never fails’ It is also recommended to use tepid water when misting the leaves. The experts added: “Your peace lily should be watered weekly, but make sure to check that the soil is dry before you water. “If your peace lily is wilting, you most likely need to water the plant as this is a sign of dehydration. “However, if the plant is drooping and its leaves are yellow, hold back on the watering as your plant has been overwatered and needs a break.” DON'T MISS:House price growth has slowed ‘modestly’ but remains in double digits [COMMENT]Key date to sow certain vegetables in May - ‘frosts are over’ [EXPERT]Kitchen features which can ‘devalue your home’ - what to avoid [EXPLAINER] When it comes to watering a peace lily, it is recommended to use filtered water or rain water. Tap water contains fluoride, which a lot of houseplants, including peace lilies, are sensitive to. The water should also be room temperature as water too cold can shock the plant. Any dry flowers or scorched leaves indicate that the plant is suffering from too much sunlight. If this is the case, the houseplant should be moved to a more shadier spot, with ample indirect light. Hammonds also spoke to Samantha Jones, gardening expert at MyJobQuote.co.uk for more tips on how to care for indoor plants. The expert said: “Bringing plants into your home can be beneficial to freshen up the atmosphere. Aside from being visually appealing and improving the aesthetics of your home, plants have a calming effect on us. “Overall, the care of your plant is essential, so it is vital to make sure you give it the correct care.” Each plant has its own needs, whether that’s how often it is watered or what type of light it needs to thrive. Samanta added: “There are some essential tips to follow if you’re just starting your houseplant journey. “Keep your potting soil moist, the soil must neither be too wet nor too dry. “Make sure that the plant has drainage holes in the bottom so it is never sat in water.” The gardening expert also recommended placing every houseplant near a light source, whether natural or artificial. For those who are new to gardening, Samantha recommended opting for “low-maintenance” plants such as aloe or monstera.