The British Government announced a new wave of sanctions on Thursday including new import bans and high tariffs on goods from Russia. The latest measures include import bans on silver, wood products and high-end goods from Russia including caviar. The move is designed to put further pressure on Russia’s imploding economy as President Vladimir Putin steps up his invasion of Ukraine, now in its ninth week. Tariffs will increase by 35 percentage points on around £130million worth of products from Russia and Belarus, including diamond and rubber, the UK department for international trade said. Announcing the sanctions, International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan said: “The UK continues to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Ukraine and is working closely with our international partners to inflict maximum damage to Putin’s regime, reducing the resources and funds he needs to carry out this illegal war. “We are taking every opportunity we can to ratchet the pressure to isolate the Russian economy and these further measures will tighten the screws, shutting down lucrative avenues of funding for Putin’s war machine.” Chancellor Rishi Sunak said the “significant sanctions” will bring the UK’s total import tariffs and bans on Russian goods to more than £1billion, “imposing further economic pain on Putin’s economy for his barbaric and unjustified attacks on a sovereign nation.” The UK has already banned the import of many iron and steel products from Russia and Belarus, alongside stopping some luxury goods exports to Russia.  Sanctions introduced last month banned the export of items to Russia worth hundreds of millions of pounds, including luxury cars, designer clothing and accessories, precious stones and works of art.  The move aimed to deprive Russian oligarchs and other members of the country’s elite from their high-end products. Russia has also been hit by crippling import tariffs on goods worth over £900million, including Russian vodka. The fresh restrictions on trade came alongside 26 new sanctions announced by the UK government earlier on Thursday targeting “defence actors” including military generals and defence companies involved in the war in Ukraine. The Foreign Office said the latest round of sanctions were in response to Russia’s “continued war of aggression in Ukraine” and its renewed assault on the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk. It said intelligence suggested that civilian infrastructure was being deliberately targeted in the heavily besieged city of Mariupol, including hospitals, schools and transportation. READ MORE: UK intelligence finds Russia 'targeting civilian infrastructure'  The Government said the sanctions would target “key leaders in Russia’s army” – those “commanding the front line to commit heinous acts” during the war. Lt Colonel Azatbek Omurbekov, who has been dubbed the “Butcher of Bucha'' over allegedly commanding the massacre in the city, is among those targeted. Others include Colonel General Andrey Serdyukov, the commander of the Airborne Forces, Major General Valery Flyustikov, the commander of the Special Operations Forces, and Colonel General Nikolay Bogdanovsky, the first deputy chief of the General Staff. The leaders have had their assets frozen and been banned from travelling. Thursday’s round of sanctions also targeted “individuals outside of Putin’s military who are actively supporting his illegal invasion of Ukraine.” This included travel bans and asset freezes on Oleg Belozyorov, the chief executive of vital logistics company Russian Railways, and Ilya Kiva, an expelled Ukrainian MP.  DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: 'Insecure' Putin turns to 'last weapon' [LIVE]Russian oligarch breaks rank to slam Putin’s invasion of Ukraine [BREAKING]Xi delivers devastating blow to Putin as China pulls plug on deal [LATEST]  Announcing the measures, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said: “The depravity of Russia’s assault on the people of Ukraine is plain for all to see. “They are deliberately targeting hospitals, schools, and transport hubs in Mariupol and beyond – just as they did in Chechnya and Syria. “The UK is unyielding in our support for Ukraine and in holding Putin and his regime to account. “Today’s new wave of sanctions hits the generals and defence companies that have blood on their hands.” The UK has already slapped hundreds of sanctions on prominent Russian oligarchs and politicians since the war began on 24 February, including President Putin and his defence minister Sergei Shoigu. The conflict entered a new phase this week when Russian forces began a deadly assault on the east of Ukraine. Russian officials now say capturing the Donbas region is the war’s main goal. 