  Alexander Skarsgard, 45, is a Swedish actor, known most recently for his role in Succession. The star has now confessed that, in their shared home country, he almost ran over environmental activist Greta Thunberg, 19.      Alexander, who is part of the famous Skarsgard family, nearly hit Amnesty International award-winning climate activist Greta while out on his bike. True to form, Greta was at a protest when the incident occured, while Alexander was on his way to an interview. Interviewer Jonathan Dean reflected afterwards: “Skarsgard cycled past Greta on his way to meet me; she was on a protest.” Greta is known for challenging world leaders to take immediate action on climate change mitigation and has inspired people across the world to join her cause. READ MORE: Tony Rock insists Chris Rock and Will Smith not made up yet    Like Alexander, Greta is one of the most famous names to come out of Sweden in recent years. Thankfully, he was able to avoid hitting her on his bike, and shared his thoughts on the young activist with the interviewer. “She's how we sell our country now,” he said. “And I almost hit her with my bike.”      The star went on to add: “Greta is like a modern-day Viking and, like Greta, the Vikings refused to fly,” he told The Sunday Times. While Alexander cannot claim to have much of a connection to the vikings himself, his brother Gustaf might say differently. The second eldest Skarsgard brother, 41, played Floki in the History Channel series Vikings. He also portrayed Karl Strand in the second season of the HBO series Westworld alongside Evan Rachel Wood. READ MORE... Jane Seymour addresses posing for Playboy aged 67 [INSIGHT] Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [NEWS] Cat Deeley moved to UK after husband and son caught in mall shooting [NEWS]      His older brother Alexander has accumulated several high-profile roles over the years, including Succession’s Lukas Matsson, who is the gifted but unpredictable CEO of streaming platform GoJo in the show. He also played Eric Northman in popular vampire series True Blood and the titular character in Warner Bros’ The Legend of Tarzan. In 2017, he won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Limited Series or Movie for his performance as abusive husband Perry Wright opposite Nicole Kidman in HBO’s Big Little Lies. Meanwhile, his 31-year-old brother Bill Skarsgard rose to fame as Pennywise the clown in horror films It (2017) and It Chapter Two (2019), based on Stephen King’s novel of the same name.      All three sons appear to have inherited the acting gene from their father Stellan Skarsgard, 70, who has appeared in many memorable roles over the years. He played Boris Shcherbina in 2019’s award-winning series Chernobyl. Stellan also portrayed Bill Anderson in popular musical movie Mamma Mia!, Erik Selvig in multiple Marvel movies, and Bootstrap Bill Turner in the Pirates of the Caribbean film franchise. Most recently, the legendary Swedish actor appeared in Denis Villeneuve’s Dune as Baron Vladimir Harkonnen.   