The couple is partnering with Cortico’s Local Voices Network, a collaboration with MIT’s Center for Constructive Communication and The Institute for Rebooting Social Media. Meghan and Harry said they are looking to create "an online community rooted in equity, safety, participation, and belonging", saying they "don't trust basic information". The couple already has ongoing partnerships with UCLA Center for Critical Internet Inquiry (C2i2), Color Of Change and URL Media, all of which are part of an attempt to "improve our digital community". In a statement from their organisation Archewell, they said: "In a relatively short period of time, the digital age has rewritten how we experience everyday life. "In many ways, technology has connected us, made our lives more productive, and allowed people in every part of the world to organise for change and support communities in need. "Yet this age has also ushered in significant consequences. "We don’t trust basic information, the safety and health of our kids are at risk, civil rights and human rights are being threatened, and marginalised communities are being targeted by a barrage of hate and vitriol. "Technology itself has far outpaced our ability to reckon with its effects, and this is only going to magnify as we enter a new generation of emerging technologies. "Many of the underlying societal issues created by technology remain unaddressed." Cortico's Local Voices Network is a "new kind of conversation platform for bringing people together in recorded small-group conversations around their lived experiences". The Duke and Duchess of Sussex said it helps to "identify what really matters to our underheard communities and surface new local voices into public dialogue and decision making". The Institute for Rebooting Social media is a new three-year initiative at Harvard University that aims to address concerns surrounding social media, such as harassment, misinformation and privacy. Prince Harry has been vocal about the threat that disinformation poses to society. Speaking last year about the threat of disinformation, Prince Harry accused social media platforms of "taking profit" but "shunning responsibility". He said: "We have seen time and again what happens when the real-world cost of misinformation is disregarded. "There is no way to downplay this. "There was a literal attack on democracy in the United States, organised on social media, which is an issue of violent extremism." He added: "The answer I’ve heard from experts in this space is that the common denominator starts with accountability. "There has to be accountability to collective wellbeing, not just financial incentive. "It’s hard for me to understand how the platforms themselves can eagerly take profit but shun responsibility." The couple also voiced concern to Spotify over disinformation earlier this year, amid growing criticism of podcaster Joe Rogan's show on the platform. An Archewell spokesperson said at the time: "Hundreds of millions of people are affected by the serious harms of rampant mis- and disinformation every day." They added: "We have continued to express our concerns to Spotify to ensure changes to its platform are made to help address this public health crisis."