Managing Director of Hopes Grove Nurseries in Kent, Morris Hankinson, has shared his tips exclusively with Express.co.uk for sowing seeds in spring gardens. Hopes Grove Nurseries was established 27 years ago and grows approximately one million hedge plants in 50 acres of land in Tenterden. Morris said spring is “seed sowing time” which he described as “the best time of year”. He continued: “It’s a really good time to be sowing seeds. “Any kind of hardy plants can be planted outside now. “The days are getting longer so it’s starting to warm up.” These are the hardy and tender seeds that can be sown in April: READ MORE: How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas Morris suggested sowing seeds of hardy annuals. His exampled included cornflower, larkspur, calendula, nasturtiums and love-in-the mist. He also suggested sowing hardy vegetables like broad beans, carrots, beetroot and spinach. These can be sown directly outside in “well-prepared fine soil”. DON'T MISSHow to save spring bulbs after flowering - 4 easy steps to follow [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share dishwasher tablet tip to clean oven doors [UPDATE]Avoid keeping milk in door compartment of fridge to save hundreds [ANALYSIS]  Morris said: “All your tenders like your tomatoes, your cosmos and your chili peppers, basil, it’s a good time to be thinking about sowing a few on a warm window sill or in a greenhouse, if you’re lucky enough to have one.” He explained tender seeds should be planted where they can be kept warm. Some examples of tender plants include tomatoes, chili peppers, basil, geraniums and cosmos. These can then planted outside when all frosts have passed. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Morris also said now is a good time to plant onion and shallot sets. He explained: “Sets are like miniature tiny onion bulbs. “Simply pop them in the ground with the tips just covered.” The tips need to be covered to stop birds seeing them and pulling them out the ground.  He said growing sets is “very easy” and “satisfying”. Shallots can be planted from January to February and sown from March to April. They are then harvested in July and August. Onions can only be planted in March and April and are ready to harvest from July to September.