Liverpool target Fabio Carvalho has refused to dismiss rumours that he is about to sign for the Reds. Jurgen Klopp’s side looked set to sign the 19-year-old from Fulham during the January transfer window but missed out on landing him on that occasion. It has since been reported that Liverpool have now finalised a deal for the player - but no official announcement has been made. And the transfer links weren’t dismissed by Carvalho when he was interviewed by his current club ahead of their Championship match with Preston North End on Tuesday night. “I've tried not to let it affect me but I'm only human,” the attacking midfielder told the club’s matchday programme. “I'm obviously aware of those stories, even if it's only subconsciously. I think it has affected me a bit. But what I can say is that I'm determined to keep working hard for Fulham. Whenever I step out onto the pitch wearing a Fulham shirt, I will give it my all. As far as the future goes, whatever happens, happens. My focus is on the here and now.” Portuguese-born Carvalho moved to England with his family at the age of 10 and joined local London side Balham FC. And his prodigious talents meant he was soon noticed by the best clubs in the country. READ MORE: Three players Arsenal can sign to fix issue Ian Wright has picked out   The likes of Manchester United, Liverpool and Chelsea all tried to sign the teenage sensation after he had moved to England. But the ace ultimately decided to join the Fulham academy in 2015. The attacker excelled as he progressed through the ranks at Craven Cottage and he was handed his first-team debut against Sheffield Wednesday in the Carabao Cup in September 2020. Carvalho went on to make four Premier League appearances last season as the west Londoners were relegated to the Championship. And he has starred for the side in England’s second tier this season, contributing nine goals and seven assists in the league. DON'T MISSTen Hag has already failed first Sir Alex Ferguson test ahead of Man Utd moveReal Madrid have a chance to sign a better striker than Mbappe and wound BarcelonaLiverpool icon Jamie Carragher tears into Man Utd over Cristiano Ronaldo - 'Embarrassing'      On Tuesday night, the star found the back of the net once again as Fulham secured an instant return to the Premier League. Fulham have been head and shoulders ahead of their rivals this season and have topped the table for a large part of the campaign. And their 3-0 victory over Preston was enough for them to gain promotion. Carvalho has clearly had a good grounding at the Cottagers and has progressed rapidly over the last 12 months. And he looks set to become a Premier League star next season whether he stays where he is or ultimately heads for Anfield.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here