Brooklyn Beckham, 23, made a naughty gesture towards his wife Nicola Peltz, 27, yesterday as they arrived for their wedding lunch. The couple celebrated on Saturday their lavish nuptials at the bride’s father Nelson Peltz's £58 million property in Palm Beach, Florida. On Sunday, Brooklyn and Nicola were joined by their guests as they once again celebrated their love with a wedding brunch. Nicola looked chic in a white mini dress with a gold trim and matching platform mules. The billionaire heiress finished off her look by throwing her locks into a relaxed ponytail tied with a white ribbon. Brooklyn also looked stylish in a khaki and cream ensemble as the pair drove to the venue in a vintage light blue electric 1954 Jaguar. However, the young photographer’s actions made it seem as though he “might not yet have got the hang of being a husband,” according to a body language expert. Author Judi James analysed images of the newlyweds arriving at the venue and pointed out a specific “sexual” gesture Brooklyn made towards Nicola. She explained: “In her white mini dress and with her hair tied up in a ponytail, Nicola looks elegant, confident and very cool considering the pressure of her big-production wedding. "Brooklyn might not yet have got the hang of being a husband as he looks decidedly naughty as he places a careful but furtive-looking hand on his bride’s bum, raising his shades to take a look, too, almost as though he thinks he might get a telling off for the cheeky sexual gesture." The expert went on: "He looks totally smitten and a little in awe of his new bride here and clearly finds her so attractive he can’t keep his hands off her.” "He also appears to be keen to get her to himself, too. This second shot seems to show him looking back but still walking while Nicola stops to chat to some guests,” Judi added to the Mirror. The happy couple have already shared a glimpse into their lavish nuptials with photos posted on their official Instagram accounts. The pair uploaded a white and black picture that had been published by Vogue as they commemorated their new relationship status. DON'T MISS...‘Your hair looks lovely’ Jason Manford aims jibe at Will Smith [INSIGHT]Fern Britton admits being seen by neighbours while skinny dipping [UPDATE]Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show [LATEST] The photo showed the pair holding hands while smiling and were shared in view of Brooklyn’s 13.5million followers and Nicola’s 2.2million followers. The post was captioned “Mr & Mrs Peltz Beckham” on both of their official Instagram accounts. Brooklyn posted another image shortly after, in which he showed off his “beautiful bride”. The actress could be seen elegantly posing for the camera in her custom Valentino gown. Brooklyn also uploaded a snap alongside his father and brothers, simply captioned: "The boys." Victoria shared the photograph via her official Instagram account congratulating her son and her daughter-in-law. She penned: "Congratulations Mr and Mrs Beckham X Welcome to the family." Nicola replied with: "Thank you!!" alongside a red heart emoji.