In light of Russia’s concentration of troops in south east regions of Ukraine, NATO’s Former Supreme Allied Commander General Philip Breedlove reiterated the necessity for NATO to support Ukrainian forces in Mariupol and Odesa to prevent a completely landlocked Ukraine. Referring to calls for NATO airlifts in Ukraine, the ex-chief stated: “NATO is accepting more and more risk every day”.   Speaking to Times Radio, NATO’s Former Supreme Allied Commander Europe General Breedlove said: “We need focus now on having a plan, not to lose Mariupol and having a plan not to lose Odesa”. He continued: “If they lose both, Ukraine is a landlocked nation and their economy is going to be hit extremely hard”. Referring to possible future NATO actions in support of Ukraine, he also added: “We have done airlifts into enemy territory before, and the most famous is the Berlin Airlift”. He explained: “We took supplies into Georgia and told Mr Putin ‘we are coming into Georgia, at the end of the 08’ battle”.   The ex-chief concluded: “So there is precedent for delivering indirectly or more directly to the people who are being attacked”. Referring to the current war in Ukraine, NATO’s Former Supreme Allied Commander Europe said “Again, there is a decision that has to be made in policy first, that we are going to accept the risks that we would have to take to do something like that”. He continued: “But I believe we are accepting more and more risk every day, no matter what we do”. “This is a tough group that is defending the city. And I think they intend to continue to defend the city and Russia has to gain Mariupol in order to close the land bridge to Crimea”, added the ex-chief referring to Ukrainian defenders in Mariupol and Russia’s new objective in Ukraine following Russian troops’ unachieved plan in the capital Kyiv. READ MORE: Hero general feared by Putin says Russia will be driven out of Ukraine He explained: “Mariupol is one of the most important ports in Ukraine”. “It is a big port for moving grain out through the Sea of Azov and into the Black Sea and into the world”. He reiterated: “If we don’t do something to help defenders of Mariupol, they will eventually fall”. “Russia has time because they are not being pressured at all and they are going to start and accomplish the objective”. DON'T MISS: Lords blasted as they ban 'man-made' and 'manpower' in new guide [WATCH] Boris heads to India for £28BILLION trade deal [LISTEN] Nigel Farage outlines Le Pen's path to victory to crush Macron [INSIGHT] Referring to Russia’s objective now in south east of Ukraine, Mr Breedlove added: “[Russian troops] want to close down Mariupol and then if they can continue along the coast and get Odesa, then they will have completely landlocked Ukraine, which will be a huge blow to Ukraine’s economy and the way the country is wired to move goods and grain and agriculture to port.” He concluded: “Russia knows this and they are going to expand the force they need to continue this pressure.” The claims follow Russia’s deployment of its troops from the capital Kyiv and consequential intensification of Russian forces in the south east regions of Ukraine. As suggested by the ex-chief, Russia's new moves in Ukraine could allow Russian troops to gain control over Mariupol and the potential unification of the Donbas region, already recognised as Russian, with Crimea. Mariupol represents one of the most important ports in Ukraine, and its occupation by Russian troops would potentially lead to a "completely landlocked Ukraine" as well as control of Russian forces over areas directly connected to Europe and the Black Sea, as explained by the NATO’s Former Supreme Allied Commander. 