Freezing temperatures and frost have affected residents up and down the British Isles in the past week, with snow showers even making the odd appearance. Spring may not have fully bloomed but things are predicted to get a lot warmer as we gear up for the Easter weekend. Met Office weather meteorologist Aidan McGivern said: "Warmer weather is on the way for the start of the week, and we could even see 20C in the southeast. "The general trend is for it to turn warmer with higher pressure increasingly likely through the week and into the following week.” However, he did caution that there is some uncertainty over how hot temperatures will rise, owing to the low pressure slowing down and becoming more erratic.  READ MORE: Pensioners 'riding bus all day' to keep warm, charity warns In any case, it’s expected that northern and western parts of the UK will “bear the brunt of any wetter weather”. BBC Weather is predicting Tuesday to be unsettled and cloudy for most parts of the British Isles. Temperatures will remain warmest in the south with western parts of the country experiencing spells of rain at times.  WXCharts anticipates these areas to include large parts of Wales as well as Devon and Lancashire in England. Heading into Wednesday and showers are expected to fall in their frequency, with spells of sunshine emerging in their place. At this stage, temperatures are forecast to range between 5C and 10C in most places. On Thursday, temperatures will begin to climb once more in the south - between 10C and 15C for some places.  DON'T MISS: Caribbean holiday hell as couple forced to sleep in bus stop [NEWS]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry snubbed over invite [LIVE]EU plot to raid £560tn London market dealt hammerblow [ANALYSIS] While the north will also start to warm up ahead of the weekend, reaching 10C in northeastern parts of Scotland and England. By Friday, the Met Office is forecasting “mostly fine conditions” in eastern and southern parts with light winds, though low cloud may linger near eastern coasts. Mr McGivern added that while the forecaster can’t make any guarantees there’s an “increased likelihood of higher pressure later next week and beyond”, which would mean warmer spells across the UK. During the Easter weekend itself, temperatures are forecast to be around 2C above average so long as the more settled weather pattern persists. Current indicators are that this will be the case with any wetter weather confined to the Northern Isles.  