Prince Harry, 37, said he's ensuring the queen is "protected," has the "right people around her" in an interview with NBC's TODAY’s Hoda Kotb. After a secret meeting with the Queen, the Duke of Sussex revealed it was "really nice to catch up with" the monarch. But Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer has claimed Harry's comment about the Queen's protection was a dig. Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth on the Royal Roundup, Mr Palmer said: "He's given where it's raised as many questions are he answered. "He talked about how he wanted to make sure the Queen was protected and has the right people around her and I think that has really left people wondering who he is talking and what he means. "It's been seen as a dig at some of the senior advisers to the Queen. "I think there's a little bit of bitterness left over from after he and Meghan got married and they felt Meghan didn't get the help and support she needed." READ MORE: Kate and Princess Anne join forces as they step up to represent Queen It comes days ahead of the monarch's 96th birthday on Thursday and just over a year after the funeral of her husband the Duke of Edinburgh. Harry said: "Home for me now, for the time being, is in the States and it feels that way. "We've been welcomed with open arms and have such a great community up in Santa Barbara." The couple moved to Montecito, California, following their decision to step down as senior royals in 2020, saying they wanted a new life of personal and financial freedom. Harry has been "having a blast" at the Invictus Games where he was heard whistling as he cycled around the site. Harry travelled by bike to and from the indoor rowing event in The Hague's Zuiderpark on Wednesday afternoon. At the indoor rowing, Harry sat next to David Wiseman, a director of the Invictus Games Foundation. Mr Wiseman told the PA news agency: "He was having an absolutely fantastic time, wasn't he? He was laughing, he was joking. "He loved the rowing and he was commenting on all the races. He's just having a blast at the games. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan will be 'told by Netflix' to avoid Platinum Jubilee [INSIGHT]Prince Harry 'toned down' memoir to appear on palace balcony - claim [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry and Meghan had 'perfect opportunity' to visit Queen [VIDEO] "This is what he lives for. He thrives in this environment. He loves being around the armed forces community and he thrives whenever he's in it." As he cycled away from the indoor rowing venue, Harry could be seen and heard whistling. Harry and Meghan moved to Montecito, California, after their decision to step down as senior royals in 2020, saying they wanted a new life of personal and financial freedom. Harry founded the Invictus Games to aid the rehabilitation of injured and sick military personnel and veterans across the globe, by giving them the challenge of competing in sporting events similar to the Paralympics.