If you hand wash your pots, pans and crockery, your kitchen sink likely gets covered in gunk on a daily basis. As a result, you will need to tackle the chore of cleaning your sink once a week, if not even more regularly, to keep it hygienic and looking its best. According to experts from Home Made Simple, you should be cleaning your sink “every day”. They explain: “You should be cleaning your kitchen sink as often as you are washing your dishes. “You might think that the amount of water and dish soap that passes through your kitchen sink would be enough to rinse it clean, but in reality, sinks are breeding grounds for bacteria. “And considering the amount of dirty dishes, food particles, and other germs that regularly end up in a kitchen sink on any given day, it’s likely one of the dirtier surfaces in our homes.” However, for a deeper clean, once a week should suffice. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to get rid of limescale from taps using 2p coin - ‘easy’ Wash away any leftover food bits To begin, you will need to rinse away any residue from your pots, pans and plates after washing. According to Home Made Simple, you should avoid leaving food particles sitting in your sink. Try not to wash them down your drain as this can cause a blockage. Instead, try to discard all leftover food into your kitchen bin. DON'T MISSSlugs: Protect your garden from pests using ‘homemade’ barrier [INSIGHT]Sarah Beeny: How to increase value of home to sell - make 5 changes [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share how to make white T-shirts look brand new [COMMENT] Scrub your basin with dish soap and water For a daily clean, you can mix a soapy solution of dishwashing liquid and water together. Then, scrub the entire surface of the sink to remove any stains, leftover food or residue. Rinse the sink with water Next, rinse away the soap and water combination. Make sure you have scrubbed and wiped down every part of your sink, including the plug and taps. Use a Magic Eraser Magic Erasers are special white sponges that work to remove stains, but some experts also recommend them for cleaning your kitchen sink. According to Home Made Simple, a Magic Eraser can leave your sink looking “extra shiny and clean”. Good Housekeeping adds that “the speediest way to remove marks” from sinks is to use “an eraser type sponge-like the Magic Eraser”. Rinse and wipe dry. Finally, give your sink an additional rinse with fresh, clean water and wipe dry with a cloth. For a more intense clean, Good Housekeeping recommend sanitising the sink and putting in a little bit of extra effort to remove stubborn stains. This is also a good time to focus on your faucet and taps. The experts explain: “To sanitise any sink after cleaning, plug the drain and fill the basin with a gallon of warm water. Swish in a tablespoon of bleach. “Dip in a sponge; wipe down the faucet and handles. Let it sit for at least five minutes. Rinse and allow to air dry.” To tackle stubborn stains or crusted on food, you can use baking soda. Due to its high pH, which makes it an alkaline substance, baking soda is able to break down organic materials such as grease. Simply sprinkle it on the stains and allow to sit before wiping clean and rinsing.