Mino Raiola has died at the age of 54, with the super-agent's family confirming his passing with a short statement. The Italian-Dutch supremo managed clients such as Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Paul Pogba and Erling Haaland throughout his career. And the football world will now mourn the loss of one of its most colourful characters. Earlier in the week, Italian media reported that Raiola had passed away. This was then denied by the super-agent, who took to Twitter to slam the reports while revealing his anger at them. Now, however, Raiola’s family have confirmed that he died at the age of 54. A statement from his family read: "In infinite sorrow, we share the passing of the most caring and amazing football agent that ever was. Mino fought until the end with the same strength he put on negotiation tables to defend our players. As usual, Mino made us proud and never realised it. "Mino touched so many lives through his work and wrote a new chapter in the history of modern football. His presence will forever be missed. "Mino's mission of making football a better place for players will continue with the same passion." Raiola started out as a pizzeria worker, where he helped his parents run a restaurant in the Netherlands. But, as somebody with an eye for business, he then decided to work in football. Raiola developed a reputation as a shrewd agent and negotiator over the years, where he managed a host of big players. Ibrahimovic, Haaland and Pogba are just three to have been represented by the 54-year-old over the years. And Kreek also opened up on the personal touches that set Raiola a class apart. "At that time, Mino was working for Rob so he had to guide all the players who were going to Italy," he said, talking about his own move from Ajax to Padova. "In my situation, I went to Padova. "Mino was the translator for everything that was said between Rob Jansen and the board of Padova. From the moment that I went to Padova, Mino was the one helping me to get a house, get a car, open the bank accounts. "All those kinds of stuff because he spoke the language. He was there non-stop for the first three weeks so he was a great help for me in that time. He was able to fix everything. For example, when I signed my contract there was no car included. "In two days, he arranged a car for me from a personal sponsor. There were certain things and he would just do it. It was not his job but he would just do it. "That was Mino back then. He made contacts and it was so easy for him to make things happen. He was fun to be around. He was very outspoken even in those days." And another old client, Bryan Roy, said: “What was more important was how he looked after me once he had done the deal. Day and night he was with me. He made sure that I could settle in the best way. That is something that I will always be grateful for. Not everyone will do that for you." "He was able to fix everything. For example, when I signed my contract there was no car included. In two days, he arranged a car for me from a personal sponsor. There were certain things and he would just do it. It was not his job but he would just do it. "That was Mino back then. He made contacts and it was so easy for him to make things happen. He was fun to be around. He was very outspoken even in those days." 