Chelsea pair Timo Werner and Mason Mount came in for praise from Joe Cole at half-time of their incredible Champions League quarter-final second leg win over Real Madrid - although the Blues still crashed out of the competition despite winning at the Bernabeu. Trailing 3-1 from the first leg, the Premier League giants led 3-0 - and 4-3 on aggregate - at one point but Rodrygo scored to force the match to go to extra time. And Karim Benzema, the hat-trick hero at Stamford Bridge a week earlier, then scored a decisive header in the extra half-hour. That meant despite Chelsea winning 3-2 in the Spanish capital, they lost 5-4 on aggregate. Yet before then, at half-time of the 90 minutes, Cole was full of praise for Mount, who scored Chelsea's first of the night in the 15th minute with a controlled side-footed finish, and also for striker Werner. He felt the pair's involvements off the ball were crucial as the Blues harried and harassed Los Blancos whenever they had the ball. The former Chelsea attacker labelled the pressing of the visitors, who led 1-0 at the time, as "elite" and said: "They were on it from the start. Mason Mount took the goal so well because the ball sits up, so he has to concentrate on the whip, but as soon as it left his foot. "[Thibaut] Courtois had no chance, it was great play from Chelsea and they deserved it. What he [Thomas Tuchel] has done is he has gone to a back four, got [N'Golo] Kante and [Mateo] Kovacic in front of them to protect them. "It is almost like a narrow diamond, and Mason is combining well with Timo up front which allows them that time in midfield when the ball turns over. They didn't give Real Madrid a minute and it was an elite showing of how to press a world-class team, but they have to do it again." Steve McManaman was meanwhile full of praise for Reece James, who lined up as the right-sided centre-back with Ruben Loftus-Cheek playing at wing-back. He said: "I think Reece James has been brilliant against Vinicius Junior and closing him down. I think Vinicius is almost scared of him, even though James has a yellow card, Vinicius should be attacking him all the time trying to get him sent off. "As a wide player myself, I would have stayed out there in my position and gone at him every single time when I got the ball. Of course, he would win some, you would go past him a couple of times. But Vinicius looks scared to do that and that is credit to Chelsea, they are doing a wonderful job." Antonio Rudiger's excellent header made it 2-0 on the night to Chelsea just six minutes into the second half. And they thought they'd scored a third to make it 3-0 when Marcos Alonso lashed a wonderful effort into the top corner - but VAR controversially ruled the Spaniard to have handled the ball before scoring. Benzema, who scored a first-leg hat-trick at Stamford Bridge, had a header that hit the crossbar shortly after that. But then Werner netted a sublime goal to put Chelsea ahead, though Rodrygo finished from Luka Modric's sumptuous ball over the top to make it 3-1, and 4-4 across the two legs. Benzema then netted his fourth goal in just two games against the Blues in the 96th minute. Chelsea sought an equaliser to force a penalty shootout but couldn't muster another goal, which meant that despite their best efforts, it will be Real Madrid who face Manchester City or Atletico Madrid in the semi-finals.