Those looking to cross the English Channel to France have not fared any better with six-hour traffic jams at Dover as the fallout from the P&O Ferries sackings continues. Some passengers at Manchester Airport waited three hours to pass through security, while those arriving faced such long delays to reclaim their baggage due to staff shortages that some left their luggage behind. EasyJet cancelled 62 of today’s flights from Heathrow, blaming the disruption on staff sickness due to Covid. A spokesman said: “EasyJet is experiencing higher than usual levels of employee sickness.” Terminal Two at Heathrow was said by one traveller to be at “near capacity” with passengers admitted just three hours before flight time. An airport spokesman said: “Due to high passenger volumes and the Covid documentation checks still required by many end destinations, Terminal Two departures experienced some congestion today.” Manchester Airport is partly owned by the city council. Councillor Pat Karney said: “Two million people went through the airport in February [and] in the previous year it was 70,000. They should have seen this.” One passenger reported sitting on a plane for two hours waiting for take-off and said the reason given was staff shortages. A Manchester Airport spokesman said: “Our whole industry is facing staff shortages and recruitment challenges. We are exploring a number of short-term measures, such as the use of agency staff.” The airport previously said that 400 new recruits would start work in April. The situation at the Port of Dover has improved slightly but delays are likely to continue this week. Yesterday, there were six-mile jams and gridlocked roads near the port caused by P&O Ferries disruption and bad weather. Richard Ballantyne, chief executive of the British Ports Association, yesterday said: “It is a bit better today. [On Saturday] we were up to nine-hour queues outside the port.” Local MP Natalie Elphicke blamed P&O Ferries for the problems. The firm has yet to be given permission to resume sailings to France since sacking 800 staff last month.