Research carried out by Ebuyer has shown that British drivers prefer the Land Rover brand to any other. The figures also found that BMW is the most popular car brand in Europe. The German manufacturer was preferred by nine European countries. A new study by British retailer Ebuyer has revealed the most loved automotive brands across the UK and Europe. Social listening data revealed Land Rover as the UK's most loved automotive brand, while BMW was revealed as the most loved automotive brand across the whole of Europe. Google searches for the viral “Land Rover Defender Price 202”' were up by over 5,000 percent over the past 12 months, whilst searches for the “Prince Phillip Land Rover Design” were up by over 4,000 percent. When it comes to brands, they often resonate with consumers beyond their products, the experts said. READ MORE: New Toyota GR86 sells out in 90 minutes – affordable sports car They added that drivers can often feel vehicles reflect their values, lifestyle, and even personality. The British electronics retailer Ebuyer used the social listening tool Linkfluence to find the most popular automotive brands in each European country. With 66.7million automobile sales worldwide in 2021, the automotive industry has some seriously tough competition. However, British heritage brand Land Rover raced ahead as the UK's most loved automotive brand. DON'T MISS Controversial EU law scrapped as motorists set to save £2billion [REVEAL] Homes with space for two or more cars ‘not acceptable' [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to make use of new safety features - 'Guardian angel' [REVEAL] Trending Google searches over the past 12 months included the “Land Rover Defender price UK 2021” which was up by over 5,000 percent, while “Prince Phillip Land Rover Design” was also up by over 4,000 percent. Unsurprisingly, with their rich history of car development, it was the German companies BMW and Mercedes that dominated the top spot as the most popular brands across Europe. BMW is the most popular, being preferred by nine of the countries the study analysed, but Mercedes follows close behind with six. Commenting on the research Andy Roberts, E-commerce Director of Ebuyer, said: “Many of us have brands which we have a strong loyalty to. “With social media enabling two-way communication between brand and consumer, now more than ever we can really interact with brands and feel part of a community. “Our research offers real scope on where dedicated fans of the world's top automotive brands are.” The news comes after another Midlands-based car manufacturer Jaguar Land Rover unveiled a new high-performance version of the Range Rover Velar. The Range Rover Velar HST followed in the wake of HST versions of the Range Rover Sport and Evoque models. A combination of design enhancements and chassis features are based on the existing R-Dynamic design. It also features a Black contrast roof and full exterior Black Pack. Available in the full colour palette and exclusively in new Arroios Grey, privacy glass and Gloss Black 21-inch five split-spoke alloy wheels complete the exterior. The dynamic theme continues inside, with Black Suedecloth headlining and steering wheel. A sliding panoramic roof ensures a light and airy cabin, while a combination of chassis technologies aim to deliver the perfect balance of ride comfort and handling. The new HST features Electronic Air Suspension with Adaptive Dynamics for optimum comfort and control, with Adaptive Dynamics constantly monitoring the road conditions and adjusting the suspension responses accordingly.