Over the bank holiday, the UK recorded maximum temperatures of 23.4C in London, while temperatures reached up to 18C in Scotland. But next week, temperatures are drop to as low as 4C in London, and as cold as freezing in Scotland, parts of Belfast and across parts of northern England. Met Office forecaster Tom Morgan warned that "some rural spots" could even see lows of -3C in overnight frosts during the first part of the week. Speaking about the drop in temperatures, Netweather forecaster Terry Scholey said: "Light winds may allow some short-lived mist or fog patches and a touch of frost, this mostly over Scotland, to the South of Belfast and across parts of northern England. "Here temperatures could fall close to freezing, but 2 to 6C will be a more general minimum." He added: "Top temperatures 10 to 12C in the North and West and 14 to 16 locally 17C in the East and South, down on yesterday's figures but still close to normal for mid-April." Met Office forecaster Tom Morgan warned: "It's not great news for gardeners. "They may have spent the weekend planting beneath the sun but we could see patchy frosts by Wednesday which could undo all of their hard work. "Some rural spots could drop to -3C through the first part of the week." Speaking to the Mail Online, he added: "It will feel more spring-like during the day, despite the occasional showers, but not in the mornings or overnight." Meanwhile, weather forecaster WXCharts has predicted lows of 1C in Scotland, 2C in the north and 4C in the south. READ MORE: UK storm warning: -7C freeze and heavy downpours to hit Britain Alongside a drop in temperature, the forecaster has also predicted a drop in wind, with maximum wind gusts reaching just 6km/h across most of the country. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Jim Dale, senior meteorologist at British Weather Services said that temperatures are set to "sink" below the average for this time of year. He predicted temperatures of 0C in the Glenns, and lows of 4 or 5C across the rest of the country. He said: "Temperatures do sink away to slightly below the seasonal average. DON'T MISS: Solar storm sparks blackouts in Asia and Australia as earth hit [REPORT] Mercury nosedives to FREEZING with heavy rain in bitter eastern winds [ANALYSIS] UK weather: Easter heatwave to end as mercury set to plummet to 6C [INSIGHT] "We had temperatures above the average, now we're in the average and we're going into below the average as we get to the back end of this week into the weekend. "Looking at it generally, the rest of the month there is still a lot of dry weather around, although it is cool. "I wouldn't expect to see even half an inch of rain, even in the wettest areas. "The main thing is it's cooler. "We'll see tetchy stuff in the Glenns, around that 0C mark. "Everywhere else, more or less in the mornings 4 or 5C, cold or slightly chilly mornings with cool afternoons. "There will be sunny, bright spells but there will be a fair amount of cloud roaming around. "If you get the sunshine it will be a bit of a bonus, probably more further north than south."