British Airways and easyJet customers have been affected by flight cancellations in recent weeks. The chaos is mainly due to staff shortages in key areas. British Airways has said that most passengers with cancelled flights were given one or two weeks notice. READ MORE: British Airways flyers lose £1,000 after being denied boarding flight easyJet has cancelled at least 10 flights to and from Gatwick including to Amsterdam, Berlin, Malaga, Menorca and Milan Malpensa.  Every passenger with a cancelled flight is entitled to new flights. Passengers who faced a cancellation due to staff sickness are entitled to cash compensation if they were told less than two weeks in advance. Airlines have faced staff shortages due to a large number of employees suffering from Covid exacerbated by a general lack of staff. Many people working in the travel sector left the industry during the pandemic and may have since found other work. Which? Travel has reported British Airways to the Civil Aviation Authority and asked the CAA to investigate any potential wrongdoing to BA customers. It said that customers were left to book their own flights home this Easter that BA should have been responsible for. Rory Boland, editor of Which? Travel said: “Our investigation found British Airways neglected to tell passengers about their right to compensation and left families significantly out of pocket by failing to reroute them. “We have written to the Civil Aviation Authority with our findings urging them to investigate this potential rule-breaking. “We encourage BA to always inform passengers of their consumer rights in the event of delays or cancellations, as set out in the law.” Passengers heading to the Dover Channel crossing also faced chaos this weekend while roads were also extremely busy. The Easter bank holiday marked the first peak period since UK travel restrictions were lifted after the pandemic. Many Britons are eager to get away on holiday with many destinations reporting huge numbers of tourists.