The antiques expert made a £60 profit on a 1930s portrait she'd stumbled across and when it went to auction, she and colleague James Braxton were surprised. Antiques Road Trip star James admitted he thought it was "jammy" but Natasha defended the portrait insisting it was worth the £95 it sold for. Prowling the Oxfordshire antique shops, Natasha came across a portrait which immediately caught her eye. "She's quite nice," the 35-year-old art expert commented, picking up the portrait depicting a young woman in 1930s attire. She pointed out: "We have a beautiful woman who's had her portrait done in profile in pastel by Robin Watt. "1932 is the date but take off the date and we know it's the 30s anyway, look at her hair, her style, finger wave here which has been picked out with a light blue pastel tone. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... "And then there's a curl at the nape of her neck." Natasha concluded: "She's very sophisticated, she's very on vogue - everything about her is just beautiful." However, the Scottish presenter wasn't sure if she should take the "risk" of buying another art piece. Priced at £68, she remarked: "It's risky," because the work would be her second of the trip. After a bit of haggling, Natasha left with the portrait for £42. When it came to be auctioned, James clearly didn't have faith in his colleague's taste. "So it had no title," she explained to him. "But when we sent it off to the auctioneers I gave it a title, I called it The Finger Wave." "Straight in at £35," the auctioneer explained as Natasha remarked: "No, I paid £42!" The bidding soon soared up though and soon one person made an offer of £95. DON'T MISS... Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker 'likely to be replaced' by David Tennant [LATEST]Peaky Blinders ending explained: What happened to Finn Shelby? [LATEST]Michaela Strachan first husband: Who was TV presenter married to? [VIDEO] Waving her arms in excitement, Natasha gleefully stated: "Yes!" as James rolled his eyes. "I think that's jammy, I'm going off you," he teased as Natasha secured another promising profit. "I don't think that was jammy!" she responded, insisting: "I think she was worth that!" James started the trip with just over £350 and ended of £408. Meanwhile, Natasha began with £254 and left with £492.12. "I would do it again, would you?" she asked James, who agreed. Natasha enjoys a varied career in antiques, appearing in other shows such as Bargain Hunt. In the latter, Natasha fronts the series along with other experts, who are assigned a team to assist in each episode. Antiques Road Trip is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.