Claudia Winkleman, 50, has been married to her TV producer husband Kris Thykier for 22 years after they met when she had just started her career in the TV industry. The Strictly Come Dancing host has now revealed the reason why she has kept her bangs for so long, and her iconic hairdo's importance to her success, during her aptly named Behind the Fringe tour. Claudia is currently touring her one woman show, with her first performance happening on Monday night in Guildford. Speaking to the audience about her signature fringe she said: "People ask, 'Did you always have a fringe?'. And yes I did. "People ask what I am hiding with my fringe — and it's a massive forehead that is repellent." She then jokingly admitted that once she got her fringe at 21, everything in her life started to come together. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ Claudia quipped: "I was born with six extra teeth like a little dinosaur. When people saw me smile they screamed. "But when I was 21 and a virgin, I got my fringe and everything started happening." In February, during an appearance on The One Show to promote her tour, Claudia was confronted with a photo of herself without her fringe. Shocked at the picture, Claudia said: "Is that actually me? That's disgusting. Let's take it off." Presenters Alex Jones and Ronan Keating then asked Claudia if she would consider going blonde. She then quipped: "I only work because of the hair. I can't change it." Claudia met her husband Kris when she was 24, and the couple have been together for a joyous 22 years, sharing three children together. The presenter is the daughter of journalist Eve Pollard and prior to working in TV, she used to read History at the University of Cambridge. DON'T MISS... Richard Gere, 72, in rare appearance with stunning wife Alejandra, 39 [PICS] EastEnders star Danniella Westbrook 'arrested' at her home in Essex [INSIGHT] Karen Hauer and Luba Mushtuk stun in bikinis as they shower together [STRICTLY] She then entered the TV industry working as a travel presenter and reporter for This Morning in the early nineties. Claudia then moved on to bigger presenting roles, fronting shows like Fame Academy and Liquid News. Her big break came in 2005 when she began hosting the Strictly Come Dancing spin-off It Takes Two. Claudia then was given the chance to present on the main show with Tess Daly in 2009 after the late Bruce Forsyth had caught the flu. She also then replaced him in 2014 following his departure from the show. Claudia is also known for her love of fake tan, previously admitting she was "addicted" to applying it. The presenter said: "I have always been addicted to fake tan. "I like being orange, I think it is because I was born in 1972, I am an eighties kid so everything was like ultra glow."