The 62-year-old Dutch motivational speaker is fronting the new BBC series, Freeze the Fear, which will see the Iceman training eight famous faces in a series of gruelling challenges using cold therapy and other extreme methods. Talking about his decision to start using cold therapy, Wim reflected how his wife's death led him to search for the stillness cold therapy eventually gave him. Wim's wife, Olaya, died by suicide in 1995, which spurred Wim to search for ways to help mental illness. "I truly realised the benefit of the cold when I was grieving the death of my wife, Olaya, in 1995," he explained. "She had depression and had spiralled into darkness. I was left alone with four kids to look after and no money, dealing with the deep emotional agony and yet needing to be strong for my children. "It was devastating. The children made me survive but it was the cold that brought me back to life. It healed me. "Instead of being guided by my broken emotions, the cold water led me to stillness and gave my broken heart a chance to rest, restore, rehabilitate." READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry He added: "That is the message I want to share. This is what I found. "I want to share the love. I don’t want anyone else to be in the same stressful situation that I was left behind in." The extreme athlete is now able to withstand freezing temperatures and assures others of the benefits of doing so. Speaking to BBC, he continued to elaborate on ways in which cold temperatures can make the body "stronger".  "As humanity has evolved and developed ways to make our lives more and more comfortable, we have lost our ability not only to survive but to thrive in extreme environments," Wim stated. "The things we have built to make our lives easier have actually made us weaker. "We wear clothes all the time which de-stimulates our bodies. "But what if we can re-awaken the dormant physiological processes that made our ancestors so strong? DON'T MISS... Clarkson's Farm star Kaleb brands London 'f***ing awful' [LATEST]All Creatures Great and Small star speaks on Mrs Hall romance [INTERVIEW]Timothy West opens up on wife Prunella's memory battle 'It's sad' [VIDEO] "We go to the gym to work our muscles, but inside our bodies we have millions of tiny muscles in the cardiovascular system - and we can train them by simply taking a cold shower. "The transformation you get through doing this just once a day is enormous." Freeze the Fear will see Holly Willoughby and Lee Mack following the eight celebrities who will take on some extreme challenges with Wim's guidance. Alfie Boe, Dianne Buswell, Owain Wyn Evans, Patrice Evra, Professor Green, Chelcee Grimes, Gabby Logan and Tamzin Outhwaite will be taking part. They will be travelling to the Italian mountains in sub-zero conditions to face the grueling tasks. As they embark on their journey, the brave celebs will be jumping into freezing water and trying out new breathing techniques. Will the cold transform them into healthier, happier versions of themselves? Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof starts on Tuesday at 9pm on BBC One. 