Karen Smart, managing director at Manchester Airport has resigned following chaotic scenes at the travel hub. Passengers have faced huge queues at the airport’s security and check-in. Chaotic scenes have also seen luggage left in terminals after travellers abandoned the long wait to reclaim it. The airport has been suffering from staff shortages due to Covid and the aftermath of the pandemic. Many travel staff have left the industry during the pandemic and some have since found other jobs. Manchester mayor, Andy Burnham, has suggested that the police could be called in to assist at the airport. READ MORE: Canary islands weather warning as storm hits Lanzarote He said: “I have been in touch with colleagues at Greater Manchester Police at the weekend to see what we can do to support the airport. “It’s a difficult moment for airports around the world having laid low for the pandemic, they’ve had to scale up quickly. “We understand the challenges that we’ve got. But at the same time, we don’t want to see the scenes that we saw at the weekend.” He added: “We need to work with them to work through these issues and make sure we’re managing those things and giving the right information to the public and being clear about the plan to get things to an acceptable level.” Greater Manchester Police’s assistant chief constable, Wasim Chaudhry, said: “As a member of the local resilience forum, Greater Manchester Police supports partner agencies in producing plans to prevent and mitigate the impact of incidents on our local communities.” Manchester Airport passengers are not the only travellers to suffer from chaos in the last few weeks. Over 1,000 flights have been cancelled in the last few days, including those on easyJet and British Airways. Both airlines have suffered from staff shortages due to colleagues being sick with Covid during peak periods. Dublin Airport passengers have also faced chaotic scenes at check-in due to staff shortages. Although Manchester airport has said it is recruiting more staff, it can take a while to train employees as airport staff need a high level of security clearance. Many British holidaymakers are setting off for an Easter break following the lifting of travel restrictions. Britons no longer need to take any travel tests or fill out a passenger locator form once they return to the UK. However, they will still need to follow the local restrictions in their destination which may include mask wearing and Covid passports. Britons can find the latest restrictions for their holiday destination on the UK Government website. France recently relaxed restrictions to allow unvaccinated British tourists to travel to the country if they take a test. Unvaccinated Britons are not allowed to travel to Spain unless they have a recent recovery certificate.