MPs forewent a formal ballot this evening, as following a debate session, an absence of "noes" from the Government benches during an oral vote allowed the investigation to proceed as proposed. The debate saw new opposition emerge from the Tory backbenches, with Brexiteer MP and former Boris Johnson cheerleader Steve Baker claiming the PM's "gig is up". The Prime Minister's fate is now in the hands of the cross-party standards committee. While now given the go-ahead, the investigation will take some time to conclude. Members of the standards committee must wait before they start “substantive consideration of the matter”, as the Metropolitan Police will have to conclude its inquiries first. Doing so will allow the committee to consider all the available facts, as Government insiders suggested Mr Johnson will receive more fixed penalty notices down the line. READ MORE: Boris Johnson REJECTS calls to slash green taxes to help hard-hit Brits These could ultimately provide evidence of him misleading Parliament on additional occasions beyond those considered at present. Former police officer Graham Wettone told Sky News that it is unclear how long Scotland Yard would take to conclude its investigation. MPs will look at a different dimension of the potentially Covid rule-breaking gatherings and produce a report on their conclusions. Their side of the investigation seeks to determine whether the Prime Minister deliberately misled Parliament when he insisted no rules were broken during the gatherings in question. The ministerial code, which governs ministers' conduct and bears Mr Johnson's signature, is straightforward on what should happen to those who mislead the House. The code states that those who knowingly lie to MPs should tender their resignation to the Prime Minister. The document also applies to the PM himself, meaning he would be honour bound to hand his resignation to Queen Elizabeth II. However, it expects ministers to do the "honourable thing", as it is not legally binding. The Prime Minister - who also acts as the code's ultimate arbiter - may ignore the committee's conclusions and cling to office. Today, he committed to leading the Conservatives in the next General Election in 2024. Speaking to Sky News political editor Beth Rigby, the irate PM said "of course" he would represent the party come 2024. Deciding against taking the "honourable" track may wind up some Tory MPs, convincing them to oust Mr Johnson themselves.