Manchester United midfielder Bruno Fernandes will be fit to start against Liverpool in the Premier League on Tuesday night, despite being involved in a car crash on his way to training on Monday. The Red Devils will be desperate to avoid defeat at Anfield and keep their hopes of a top-four finish alive. United appeared to be out of the race to secure Champions League qualification after losing to Everton earlier this month and falling six points behind Tottenham. But the Red Devils closed the gap to three points at the weekend after they defeated Norwich and Spurs lost to Brighton. Defeat at Anfield would be a major blow to United’s top-four endeavours. And Express Sport takes a look at how Ralf Rangnick could line his side up against Liverpool. Goalkeeper – De Gea David de Gea has returned to his best form this season after a difficult few years at Old Trafford. On Saturday, the Spaniard produced a sensational save to prevent Milot Rashica from putting Norwich ahead after they had drawn level in the second half. And the 31-year-old will keep his place for the trip to Merseyside. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims Defence – Dalot, Maguire, Lindelof, Telles United have looked shaky at the back all season and would have been bitterly disappointed to ship two goals at home to the Premier League’s most goal-shy team last time out. The back four found themselves exposed time and time again against Norwich and were lucky to claim all three points. But with Raphael Varane still ruled out through injury, United’s interim boss could be forced to name the same backline as he did on Saturday. And that means Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof will have the unenviable task of trying to prevent the likes of Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane finding a route to goal. Meanwhile, Diogo Dalot and Alex Telles could keep their places in the full-back roles. Midfield – Matic, Pogba, Fernandes Scott McTominay and Fred are still absent for the trip to Anfield, which means Rangnick will have to name a makeshift midfield like he did at the weekend. Jesse Lingard got the nod in the centre of the pitch against the Canaries. But Nemanja Matic could come it at the heart of the midfield for this one alongside Paul Pogba. MORE NEWSMan Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claimsMan City goalkeeper Scott Carson 'offers out' Sime Vrsaljko in new Atletico tunnel clipAjax boss Erik ten Hag responds after being congratulated over Man Utd job  Fernandes should be fit enough to start the match and help his side create chances after a scare on the roads on Monday. The Portugal international was involved in a car crash in his Porsche on his way to Carrington. But he didn’t suffer any injuries and later trained with his team-mates. Forwards – Elanga, Ronaldo, Sancho Rangnick could keep faith with the forward line he named at the weekend after Cristiano Ronaldo bagged his 60th career hat-trick. Ronaldo was in mouthwatering form at Old Trafford as he once again silenced his critics by taking his goal tally to the season to 21. He could be flanked by Anthony Elanga, who has become a regular starter under Rangnick, and Jadon Sancho, who joined United from Borussia Dortmund last summer. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 