For decades, it seemed like popstar Celine Dion was unstoppable. She has released hit after hit, including the chart-topping song Because You Loved Me, released in 1996. But a recent onset of “muscle spasms” has led to a significant halt in the star’s career. In October 2021, she first revealed her ill health and canceled a few shows. Since then, she has had to cancel over a dozen stops on her Courage World Tour.  Dion first announced in October that she was “heartbroken” to cancel her residency in Las Vegas. The Canadian singer, excited to get back on the road after halting her tour due to the pandemic, was scheduled to have engagements in November and January but had to cancel them due to the onset of her ailments. But in her most recent health announcement, she revealed that her cancellations had extended to the remaining 16-stop North America leg on her tour. "I was really hoping that I'd be good to go by now, but I suppose I just have to be more patient and follow the regimen that my doctors are prescribing,” she said. READ MORE: Olivia Newton-John health: Actress said stage 4 breast cancer is 'part of my life'  "There's a lot of organising and preparation that goes into our shows, and so we have to make decisions today which will affect the plans two months down the road. "I'll be so glad to get back to full health, as well as all of us getting past this pandemic, and I can't wait to be back on stage again.” According to the first announcement by Dion back in October, the star was experiencing “severe and persistent muscle spasms”. The most common type of muscle spasm is a muscle cramp, which can be caused by muscle fatigue, dehydration, and not enough stretching.   But since Dion’s spasms are continuous, they could be a symptom of several different conditions. The star has not revealed exactly what is causing the spasms. Despite the “severe” symptoms, Dion’s sister Claudette told French Magazine Voici that it was “not serious” although it “is sad”. “Celine always confides in me and asks for advice when something is wrong. I know she's in good spirits,” she said. Muscle spasms may be attributed to dystonia–which is where people have uncontrolled and sometimes painful muscle spasms.  This is usually a lifelong problem, according to the NHS but its symptoms may be treated. The Mayo Clinic suggests that the “exact cause of dystonia isn’t known” but could be down to altered brain cell communication in different parts of the brain. Are muscle spasms a symptom of anything severe? Dystonia is sometimes an indication of more severe conditions, such as Parkinson’s disease.  