Manchester United interim boss Ralf Rangnick has recommended Paul Mitchell to the Old Trafford hierarchy, according to reports. The Red Devils are currently preparing for Erik ten Hag’s imminent arrival. But further restructuring can’t be ruled out as they seek a first Premier League title since 2013, back when Sir Alex Ferguson was manager. Manchester United have strongly been linked with Mitchell in recent years, with the 40-year-old currently working at Monaco in Ligue 1. And, now, The Athletic say Rangnick has recommended his potential appointment to his superiors at Old Trafford. It’s claimed the duo ‘know each other well’ from their period together at Red Bull Leipzig. They were even recently spotted watching a youth team game together in England, fuelling talk of a reunion in Manchester. But, at the current moment in time, there’s no indication Mitchell will rock up at United and join their set-up. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ten Hag has made it clear in talks with the United board that he’s more than happy to work alongside current chiefs John Murtough and Darren Fletcher. And it’s stated that Mitchell could actually end up at Chelsea instead, with the Blues looking for a technical director. Two of their potential buyers are ‘monitoring Mitchell’s situation’ and could contact him if they win the race to take over from Roman Abramovich. The Monaco supremo previously turned out for Wigan Athletic and MK Dons during his playing days. And he’s done well over in France, even though his future is currently up in the air. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Mitchell has two years left on his Monaco contract but it’s unclear if club president Dmitry Rybolovlev will let him continue to work in Monte Carlo. The Mancunian was previously considered by Newcastle. Yet they ended up taking Dan Ashworth from Brighton instead as they plan for a successful future. Meanwhile, Rangnick admitted United needed to improve despite his side battling their way to a 3-2 win over Norwich on Saturday. Cristiano Ronaldo’s stunning hat-trick earned them the points on a day where the Canaries threatened to steal the show. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Rangnick said: “It should actually have been a less stressful afternoon, even more so after we had scored two brilliant goals. “Being 2-0 up should have made life a lot easier for us but it didn’t because we just didn’t defend well enough, for both their goals. “We could have conceded even a goal earlier on, in two transitional moments, and it is exactly those things that we need to do a lot better in the upcoming games. “[It was] quite similar to the games against West Ham and Tottenham, the situations were similar so we had to go all in and take all the risks we possibly could. “[We chose to] play only with one holding number six with Nemanja [Matic]. A draw would’ve been a disaster for us, not only with the table but with regards to the atmosphere in the locker room. “We have to focus on our own performance. The result was good, it will lift our momentum and the confidence of the team, but we have to be realistic. “With that kind of performance it will be almost impossible to get something out of the away game against Liverpool, and then also away against Arsenal and home against Chelsea will be difficult. “We need to play better against the ball with more physicality, with more aggressiveness. “This was the biggest issue and the biggest thing that I was not happy with today.”