Dandelions are a common flower to spring up in gardens across the country, though many people view them as a nuisance. Due to the way they disperse their seeds, they can be difficult to control, with people finding new hacks to get rid of dandelions for good. However, according to some grass care and lawn experts, these yellow flowering plants could actually have a number of "benefits" for your lawn. According to experts from Turf Online: "Dandelions are not all bad. "Few people are aware of the benefits which dandelions can bring to gardens. "Their taproot can bring nutrients in the soil closer to the surface. READ MORE: Use plants as a ‘natural pesticide’ to get rid of slugs this spring "This will also increase the amount of nitrogen available for surrounding plants." In fact, it wasn't until the 20th century when people began to pull dandelions from grassy areas. Main Organic Farmers and Gardeners explained: "Before the invention of lawns, people praised the golden blossoms and lion-toothed leaves as a bounty of food, medicine and magic. "Gardeners often weeded out the grass to make room for the dandelions. DON'T MISSMonty Don: ‘Biggest mistake’ houseplant owners make is overwatering [COMMENT]Garden pests: How to avoid a rat infestation in your garden [EXPLAINER]'Kick lawn into growing season': Treat lawns in the next two weeks [INSIGHT] "But somewhere in the twentieth century, humans decided that the dandelion was a weed. "Nowadays, they’re also the most unpopular plant in the neighbourhood – but it wasn’t always that way." Thanks to their wide-spreading roots, dandelions can loosen packed soil, aerate the earth and help to reduce erosion. As they pull up calcium from lower down in the soil via their taproot, making it more available to other plants - including your lawn. Dandelions can also provide essential nutrients for important insects buzzing through your garden. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) states: "Dandelions may be considered a nuisance in parts of the garden, especially in weed-free lawns but have many herbal uses and are a good early source of nectar and pollen for insects so worth tolerating where possible." Every dandelion contains 100 flowers, making them an excellent food source for butterflies, moths and bees. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Bees in particular are dying out and stripping them of dandelions will remove yet another vital nectar source for them. Between April 2020 and this April, losses across the country averaged 45.5 percent according to preliminary data from the Bee Informed Partnership. These insects eat the seeds of the dandelions for their nectar and without them, they’ll die off more quickly. We need bees to pollinate and keep plants growing and without them, we’d have 80 percent fewer wildflowers in Europe.