Liverpool could reportedly choose to respond to Manchester City's move for Erling Haaland by making the blockbuster signing of Kylian Mbappe. Haaland appears to be closing in on a mega-money transfer to the Etihad Stadium from Borussia Dortmund. The Norwegian is widely regarded as one of the best strikers in Europe, handing City a huge boost if he signs. Liverpool may have the chance to hit back by bringing in another young superstar of their own though. That superstar could be Mbappe, who's future remains uncertain despite continuous links to Real Madrid. He is yet to confirm he will be signing for the La Liga giants though and has also failed to commit his future to Paris Saint-Germain. Though Madrid appears to be his most likely destination, RMC report a third club has 'entered the dance'. Get French Football News are of the belief that that third club is Liverpool, who can ill afford to see City strengthened even further. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp wary of Man Utd 'strike back' with Ten Hag It is stated that the Reds are 'most likely' to turn Mbappe's head away from extending his stay at PSG or joining Los Blancos. Mbappe is also understood to be an admirer of Jurgen Klopp and Liverpool's style of play, another potential tipping point. The 23-year-old is thought to be more concerned by a potential suitor's 'project' and with leaving a 'legacy' than he is with salary. That means that Liverpool are a more attractive proportion than the likes of City, with a decision on his future expected by the start of July. DON'T MISS: Liverpool transfer boost as RB Salzburg sign Karim Adeyemi replacement (TRANSFERS)Mane justifying De Bruyne's 'total package' claim in new role (INSIGHT)Liverpool star Thiago was planning quadruple success last summer (NEWS) Despite the ticking down of his PSG contract, Mbappe has consistently refused to be drawn into the rumours surrounding his future. And he insisted earlier this month that he will take as long as possible to make sure the next club he joins is the perfect one. "I didn't take my decision yet. I'm thinking about it as there are new elements to consider and I don't want to make mistakes, I want to make the best decision possible. If I had taken a decision, I would have said so. I don't owe it to anyone, it’s a personal decision. If I make a decision, I say it,” he said after the win over Lorient.