Michael Owen has backed Jurgen Klopp to leave Luis Diaz out of his side to face Manchester City this weekend. The Reds face their title rivals in the biggest game of the Premier League season so far. Liverpool hero Owen reckons Klopp may have dropped a huge hint over whether Luis Diaz will start against City this weekend. The Colombian was left on for the duration of the Reds' 3-1 win over Benfica on Tuesday night, picking up a goal and an assist. Meanwhile, Mo Salah and Sadio Mane were both taken off around the hour mark, strongly suggesting Klopp was saving their legs given that his side already had a two-goal cushion. Owen thinks that suggests that Diaz will be left on the bench for the possible title-decider against City, with Diogo Jota likely to replace him alongside Salah and Mane. The trio have formed a deadly partnership this term, with Roberto Firmino struggling to recapture his previous form. JUST IN: Man City boss Guardiola backed to rethink Foden role for Liverpool "The way Jurgen Klopp manages his substitutes suggests maybe not," Owen said on BT Sport when asked if Diaz will start this weekend. "Bringing Mo Salah and Sadio Mane off, you’d think Jota would have to play with how well he’s been playing lately and not starting today. "Potentially not, but before the game I thought he might do. Based on that today, leaving him on for the full game, he might be thinking of the other three." DON'T MISS...Rangnick 'has limited say' as Man Utd mull over Ten Hag or PochettinoMan City performed 'chess move' to coerce Man Utd into signing RonaloGoater names two next Man City boss options that would annoy Arsenal Liverpool have one foot in the semi-finals after such a convincing win in the away leg of their tie with Benfica. And Owen heralded Diaz for picking up another goal late on to all but put the tie to bed. "Brilliant result and that goal from Diaz just to get that two-goal cushion there was huge. Absolutely huge. If it had been 2-1, those players trudging off the pitch would still be thinking ‘you know what, we’re still in it’, but that goal from Liverpool has been a dagger through Benfica’s heart. "Brilliant result and that goal from Diaz just to get that two-goal cushion there was huge. Absolutely huge. If it had been 2-1, those players trudging off the pitch would still be thinking ‘you know what, we’re still in it’, but that goal from Liverpool has been a dagger through Benfica’s heart. "Liverpool, to be fair, played a solid game. Benfica showed last time out against Ajax they can hang in there and dig out a result when they’re under the cosh, but Liverpool got the job done. 3-1 is a huge result."  "Liverpool, to be fair, played a solid game. Benfica showed last time out against Ajax they can hang in there and dig out a result when they’re under the cosh, but Liverpool got the job done. 3-1 is a huge result." Liverpool's huge game against Man City is at 4:30pm on Sunday, before the second leg at Anfield with Benfica on Wednesday at 8pm.