The world’s richest man has already had an offer to take Twitter into private ownership accepted in a £35.02bn ($44bn) takeover. With Tesla and SpaceX already under the control of the tech mogul, Mr Musk’s 87.2 million followers were treated to yet a humorous update from the tycoon.  Mr Musk tweeted: “Next I’m buying Coca-Cola to put the cocaine back in.” The tweet quickly went viral receiving close to 370,000 retweets, as well as 2.2 million likes. Needless to say, the memes and comments came rolling in following the news. Baby Doge tweeted “new packaging?” as he shared a picture of a small self-sealing bag labelled “Coke” with a quantity of the soft drink replacing white powder. Whilst others jokingly replied “can you buy Facebook?” and “can you buy Instagram?” and then “delete” them.  Another user, CryptoWhale, joked: “Can you buy McDonald's and fix those damn ice cream machines?” Coca-Cola did previously list cocaine as one of its ingredients. According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, cocaine was legal in 1885 when John Pemberton, a pharmacist from Atlanta, first brewed the drink. The original recipe included an extract taken from coca leaves, hence giving rise to the name we all know today. Mr Pemberton described the drink as a “patent medicine” and “brain tonic and intellectual beverage". A 1988 New York Times article on The Coca-Cola Company also reported how cocaine was initially included in the drink but eliminated by the 1900s.  READ MORE:Elon Musk claims Twitter must be 'politically neutral' following bid With Coca-Cola leading the industry as the world’s largest soft drinks supplier, should Mr Musk wish to purchase the company, it would cost him his entire fortune. According to Macrotrends.com, the company is worth a staggering £227.63bn ($285.85bn). Mr Musk is said to be worth £210.7bn ($264.6bn) The billionaire's wealth has come into question in recent times over more important global issues.  DON'T MISS:Russian army so crippled it will not fight again for YEARS [REVEAL]Archbishop of Canterbury rages at migrant masterplan [REPORT]Bury St Edmunds: Man dead, woman fighting for life after attack [INSIGHT] With a rising global population, famine and hunger have become more widespread, particularly in the global south and developing nations. The United Nations reported at the World Economic Forum in November 2021 that £5.25bn ($6.6bn) of Mr Musk’s money could feed 42 million vulnerable people. The Tesla owner challenged the UN to prove how such an amount of money could in fact solve world hunger, stating he would pay the sum if proven correct.  According to the UN, the answer to solving the issue comes in two stages. A statement on the World Economic Forum site said: “The World Food Programme plan would spend $3.5 billion on food and deliver it to those most in need. “This includes the cost of shipping, storage and transport by air, road and river, and security escorts to safeguard food distribution in conflict-affected zones. “The money could provide one meal per person, per day for a year, keeping tens of millions of people from starvation. “A further $2 billion could fund cash and voucher programmes in places with functioning markets, allowing people to choose the food they eat while supporting local economies.” Of the top ten countries suffering most from hunger, 4 are in Africa, 4 in the Middle East, one in South America and one in the Caribbean. One of the major reasons for world hunger aside from population growth remains the issue of conflict. With the war in Ukraine raging on, fears are mounting of significant price rises in the near future, making the cost of living higher, and potentially placing millions more people on the global hunger list as more people fall into poverty. 