Shocking footage recorded on a mobile phone shows the group of around six boys, all dressed in dark clothing, intimidating, kicking and chasing two members of staff at Formby Train Station in Merseyside. The clip captures one of the teenagers yell "get off our station lad" as the gang intimidates the men. It's believed one of the youths kicked a staff member in the back, which led to the confrontation. But the horrific video shows the thugs chase the staff members up a flight of stairs. The teens are heard laughing and shouting and a girl screams "oh my god, they're f*****g legging it". Another one of the teens shouts "do him now" as they run towards the station entrance, reports Liverpool Echo. The gang backs the security guard into a corner at the station entrance where they attempt to kick him again. Both staff members eventually managed to secure themselves behind a locked door, it is understood. The sickening attack happened on Sunday evening, and British Transport Police has since condemned the violence. Superintendent David Rams, of the force, said: "This is completely unacceptable and I will make sure an investigation is launched. "It isn't a police officer it is a member of security. Still appalling behaviour." A spokesperson for British Transport Police (BTP) said today enquiries remain ongoing into this incident. Merseyside Police also said BTP have launched an investigation with their "support" and confirmed the individuals in the video were rail staff and not a police officer. A spokesperson for BTP told Liverpool Echo: "British Transport Police received a report at 7.37pm on Sunday, April 3 of a rail staff assault at Formby railway station. "We are aware of footage showing this incident being circulated on social media and enquiries remain ongoing.  "Any witnesses, or anyone with video footage of the incident, are urged to contact BTP by texting 61016 or calling 0800 40 50 40 quoting reference 531 of 3 April. "Officers are conducting increased patrols in the area following the incident."  Andy Heath, managing director at Merseyrail, moved to reassure the public that this sort of behaviour will not be tolerated by the rail service and it is working closely with BTP to catch the culprits. He said "We are aware of an incident at Formby station on Sunday evening in which staff were attacked by a group of youths. "While incidents of this nature are extremely rare on our network, I want to reassure the public that this sort of behaviour will not be tolerated and we are working closely with the British Transport Police to identify those involved to ensure that they can be held accountable for their actions." 