Tim Samunyai arrived at the hub at around 5.40am for his 6:55pm flight to Zimbabwe on Sunday due to the 90-minute delays it has been experiencing in its security area. The 56-year-old tourist admitted he "panicked" after reading about the chaos at the base, which has been impacted by staffing shortages. Tim, who is from Coventry, West Midlands, said: "I was thinking if I come here nice and early then I won’t have to deal with all that madness over there. "I don’t know if I was panicking because of the news just highlighting the negativity or whatever." The father of two told Manchester Evening News he saw queues everywhere, including at check-in for most major airlines. He added: "There was no differentiation in the reporting. You saw queues for check-ins at TUI, EasyJet or Jet2 and it was choc-a-bloc. "My problem was not realising that, it's a panic if you’re going to Corfu, Greece or Tenerife because everybody wants to go there, and it’s half term. "But if you’re going Africa, then there’s no issue."   Tim made staff chuckle at Manchester Airport with his arrival time, with some employees saying he "broke the record" for a person who has ever arrived earliest for their flight. He even had time for a nap, some sausage rolls and a walk around Terminal Two. "I’ve had some sausages rolls and I had two steak bakes," the dad said. "I’ve had my motivational books to read and a tablet too. "Thirteen hours is a bit much, fair enough, but I’d rather be early."   Tim left for Zimbabwe for what he called a "spiritual timeout" over Easter. But the Manchester Airport experience has been far from relaxing for thousands of tourists over the past few weeks. Passengers have even complained the mayhem is beginning to cause health and safety hazards. Jack Makin, who left for a holiday from the hub last week, said: "Kids were having to pee in the plastic bags that you'd usually put liquids in. It was horrific. "Trust me when I say this was the worst experience I've ever had at an airport, and I've travelled quite a lot."     Speaking last week, a spokesperson for the airport said: "We apologise to passengers whose experience on the evening of Friday 1 st April was unsatisfactory. "Our industry is facing staff shortages and recruitment challenges at present after the most damaging two years in its history. "On some occasions, including on the evening in question, this led to delays in passing through security, as well as other parts of the passenger journey that are managed by airlines and third parties, such as check-in and baggage reclaim. "Wherever possible, our security staff prioritised passengers within queues, with the aim of ensuring that they did not miss their flights. "We also have a special assistance service available for passengers who are less mobile and those who cannot stand for long periods, which can be pre-booked through their airline. "We have launched one of our largest-ever recruitment drives and hundreds of new security staff are in the process of being vetted and trained. "Unfortunately though, this is not a quick process, and at times in the coming weeks, we do expect wait times in security to be up to 90 minutes. "As such we are asking passengers to arrive at the airport three hours in advance and to double-check their hand luggage complies with security rules before arriving, as any additional screening of bags will add to wait times. "If passengers do this, we are confident that we will be able to get them away on their travels." 