Warning: This article contains potential spoilers for Gentleman Jack season 2. The BBC series returned with Anne Lister (played by Suranne Jones) determined to take care of Ann Walker (Sophie Rundle) and she set about making changes to Shidben Hall to make it more comfortable. However, as Lister continued to rush about juggling her many projects, she expressed concern for her sister Marian (Gemma Whelan) when she was heard continuously coughing. While she appeared to make a swift recovery later in the episode, viewers are certain she won’t last long. Lister asked her sister: “How long have you had that cough?” “Oh, apparently Miss Catherine Warthouse is in the early stages of consumption,” Marian replied. Lister replied: “I heard,” before feeling her sister’s glands and checking her temperature. Satisfied it wasn’t too serious, she remarked: “You’ll live,” leaving Marian relieved. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast guest on Rishi Sunak debate 'Two chancellors' Before arriving at Shibden Hall, Ann sent over a bottle of blackberry syrup to help relieve her cough. Marian thanked Ann for the generous gift and informed the newcomer she was feeling much better. However, those tuning into Gentleman Jack were not as convinced and took to Twitter to share their concerns. Andrew McBride tweeted: “She keeps coughing. Death imminent #GentlemanJack.” Michelle Benson added: “Oh no... coughing in a period drama never ends well.. #GentlemanJack.” Jess feared: “That cough is going to be bad news isn’t it #GentlemanJack.” “#GentlemanJack That cough'll be consumption. She'll be dead by the News,” Tavern Hoyden posted. Katie guessed: “Why do I feel like Marian has TB or something #GentlemanJack.” DON'T MISS...What happened to the real Ann Walker? [EXPLAINER]Gentleman Jack season 2 cast: Who stars in the first episode? [INSIGHT]How many episodes are in Gentleman Jack season 2? [LATEST] Matt Drapper simply posted: “I don't like that COUGH #GentlemanJack.” For those fans who cannot wait to find out if Marian will survive, Express can confirm she did not die until 1882 in real life. She left Shibden Hall and returned to the family’s Skelfler estate in 1836, which she inherited from her father Jeremy. Marian died on August 6 1882 at the age of 84 and was buried in the family’s grave at St Anne’s church. She is described as the BBC as “living in her elder sister’s shadow”. They detailed: “Quieter and less extroverted than Anne, she knows that where Anne goes, drama follows. “Despite their differences, Marian is sensitive and cares deeply about her sister’s emotional wellbeing.” Gentleman Jack continues on Sunday on BBC One at 9pm.