According to the Met Office, the weather will paint a mixed picture for the bank holiday weekend. The department stated: “High-pressure has been largely dominant over the UK in recent days, bringing a good deal of dry, fine weather and some sunny spells.  “Whilst the fine weather will continue in the south on Saturday, a low-pressure system will introduce cloud and outbreaks of rain for much of Scotland and Northern Ireland with some blustery winds in exposed coastal areas.” On Sunday, this low-pressure system will gradually sink south, bringing cloud and outbreaks of rain to many southern areas of the UK. Across the north, conditions will become brighter with some spells of sunshine developing but also a few showers. The outlook for bank holiday Monday is for a good deal of cloud across the UK with a scattering of showers, but also with some spells of sunshine in places.  Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist David Oliver said: “It is a different mix of weather this bank holiday weekend after what has been a largely settled week for the UK. “The high-pressure that has been dominating the UK in recent days will move away to the south, allowing a low-pressure system to move in from the northwest. “This will bring with it some more unsettled weather with showers or some longer spells of rain across the north on Saturday and then southern areas on Sunday. “A good deal of dry weather is expected on Monday with most areas only seeing some isolated showers and mild temperatures, widely in the mid-teens.”  READ MORE: Woman's surprise as 'Purebred French' puppy grows into different breed According to the weather experts, with milder air the temperatures will nudge up to the high teens and could tip just into the low twenties, but only if the sunshine remains. The incoming low pressure will bring more frontal cloud with it and there is still seafret drifting in off the North Sea. Jo Farrow, a meteorologist with Netweather.tv said: “This week has seen high pressure move over the UK with a cooler airflow from the northeast. “It’s chilly by night with frost in places but overall settled and dry. “There are a few changes taking shape for the holiday weekend, mostly from the northwest but some parts of the UK will continue with the fair picture but never getting hot. DON'T MISS: Audience member lauds Priti Patel over Rwanda asylum schemeAnn Widdecombe blasts Macron Volodymyr Zelensky refused to leave Kyiv 