Andrea (played by Anna Nightingale) met a grisly end during the Emmerdale maze fire in October when she discovered Meena (Paige Sandhu) had tried to kill Victoria Sugden (Isobel Hodgins). When the villain discovered her neighbour had witnessed her crimes, she chased her into the maze and when it went up in flames, the killer took her chance to silence her victim. For months, viewers of the ITV soap have been told the mother of one was one of the villagers murdered by the psychopath and this would have been believed if it weren't for the fact there have been several indications she could be waiting in the shadows before making her grand return. When Meena had supposedly killed Andrea, she left the body to be engulfed by the flames so there would be little evidence to suggest her victim had been hit over the head. Once the villain had gone, viewers witnessed Andrea regaining consciousness and trying to find a way of the burning inferno. The beloved character was even heard trying to talk to someone over the walkie talkie to see if they could reach her in time. By the time the next day came around, the police reported the mother of one had died in the tragedy and they were going to begin an investigation into her death. Meena tried to blame it on a number of people, including Kim Tate (Claire King), so the onus would be taken off her but the authorities eventually ruled it as an accident. This was before the villain confessed to Andrea's murder, which is being debated in the murder trial on-screen at the moment as she claims Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker) had the motive to do it. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Maya Stepney returns to take down Meena Jutla If this was the case she is still alive, she could be hiding in witness protection, with the police having known about how dangerous Meena was for a long time. It would have been an extremely bold move to make, given the villain went on to kill another villager, Ben Tucker (Simon Lennon), just a month later. The authorities could have been playing a double bluff with Meena, making her believe she was able to enjoy her freedom and plan more crimes. When in fact, they could have been building a whole case against her with Andrea's support the whole time before she was arrested. This meant when she was charged, there was no way she could have been granted bail or allowed to leave prison under any circumstances. When the character was killed off, writers brought in Andrea's estranged mother Hazel (Kate Anthony) for the first time. The newcomer arrived to take custody of Millie Tate (Willow Bell) as her daughter had stated in her will she wanted the youngster to live with her if anything happened to her or Jamie Tate (Alexander Lincoln). With Jamie supposedly dead as well, Hazel had to take the schoolgirl away from Kim but it was later revealed this was part of a bigger plan. Pulling up to her house, Hazel was seen interacting with Jamie, who was still alive, and discussing how they were going to keep Millie away from his mother. The pair could have also known Andrea was still alive as she could have lived with them during her time in witness protection. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star Paige Sandhu teases Meena’s trial fate in tense scenes [COMMENT]Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT] Hazel would have had to act as if she was devastated about her daughter's death at the memorial service to ensure Andrea's cover wasn't blown. Therefore, with everyone believing both Millie's parents were dead, they could have had the freedom to raise their daughter together without any interference. In recent scenes, it was explained Jamie had taken Millie and they were going to move away to start a new life together. However, Andrea could have also been included in this as she might have told police she didn't want to be brought back from the dead. The only way the villagers would find out the truth now is if Andrea were to walk back into the Dales. With Meena's murder trial well and truly underway, Leyla (Roxy Shahidi) has become extremely shady with her behaviour. In recent scenes, she has been seen taking phone calls with an unknown character, which has spiked viewers' interest in who she has been speaking with. Having been great friends before her death, Andrea could have trusted Leyla to keep her secret as she needed a mole in the village. Knowing the importance of the case and having discovered the villain had killed Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger), the businesswoman could have agreed to be a part of the secrecy when she was approached by the police to speak with Andrea earlier this year. As the mother of one could have fled the country with Jamie and Millie, she could have been ringing Leyla to get updates on the trial and to find out whether Meena was found guilty of killing her. Before she supposedly died, Andrea was in a relationship with vicar Charles (Kevin Mathurin) and following her demise, he conveniently began courting the woman he'd also had feelings for, Manpreet. Although the pair never expected Andrea to leave the village, it did give them a chance to reignite the spark they once had. However, since they got back together, there have been numerous hurdles stopping them from being able to enjoy their newfound relationship. This could be happening so if Andrea were to walk back into the village, she could have another chance at being with Charles. If she hasn't been living with Jamie, she could still be a single woman and Charles could take it as a sign from God he should be with her, not Manpreet. Of course, he would be furious he wasn't told she was still alive but he would be happy to know her death was punishment for his betrayal. When it was originally reported Andrea could be making an exit from the village, it was thought this was going to be for a short time. This was because the actress who played her, Anna, was actually pregnant and would be taking some maternity leave from the show. At the time, the soap star spoke out about her departure with regard to her pregnancy, stating: "Obviously I can’t give too much away but it’s safe to say fans need to watch out, there’s some explosive stuff coming up! "There’s going to be a lot of drama before I get to go off to have this little one. Watch this space, that’s all I can say," she told OK! Magazine. It has been about enough time for Anna to come back into the drama so there could be a surprise return on the cards. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.