If it was just the Home Office being useless, that would be one thing but on top of its ludicrous processes, local councils up and down the country are inspecting homes and measuring rooms and shaking their heads over ponds and open staircases. Most sane mortals think that the way you keep a child safe in the presence of a pond is through adult supervision but councils have visions of children being drowned, the parents suing for compensation and insurers refusing to pay because officials did not take every last step to prevent the tragedy.  This mindless adherence to the regulations is nothing new. We have had care homes facing closure by jobsworths insisting on screens between sisters, lifts where they were not necessary and condemning rooms a couple of inches short of the prescribed size. There was a code of practice, which underpinned prosecutions on animal welfare, requiring citizens who supply litter boxes for their cats to take cognisance of the "animal's preference for privacy". Councils have forbidden the backstroke in their swimming baths in case users crack their heads when they reach the end and sue. A council now forbids daffodils in public parks in case children eat them, something I at first thought was a delayed April Fool. Even in a major national emergency such as Covid the jobsworths were at it demanding retired NHS staff who were volunteering to return should fill in pages of forms giving details of their training in diversity when all that bloomin' well mattered was when and where and doing what they had last worked in the NHS. Some council officials paid more than the So what? As long as are jobs in the private in the NHS and in which pay comparable those who are required to large numbers of staff and will expect to be paid the rate. Fine, but couldn't we pay dependent on the exercise of common sense? It is time to take control of the nonsense and the Ukrainian refugee crisis might be a good place to start.  The Parole Board gets a lot of stick and sometimes it is deserved. However it is worth considering that the percentage of those it releases who go on to commit a serious further offence consistently stands at around 0.5 per cent. What would most politicians give to have that sort of success rate for their decisions? The latest wave of criticism arises from four of those recently released going on to commit murder but it is worth pointing out that not one of them was jailed for murder in the first place but instead for lesser offences such as robbery. Much more serious is that six of seven sex offences committed by released prisoners were indeed carried out by people already jailed for sex offences such as Leyroy Campbell, above, and two of the further crimes were against children. The brutal fact is that sex offending is essentially repetitive and six out of seven suggests a dangerously out-of-touch release policy. The measures announced against fly tipping are both welcome and long overdue. Some years ago I wrote on this page that local councils make it so difficult for people to dispose of waste legally that it is no very great surprise there are those who just dump it. The two greatest obstacles are the cost of councils' collecting larger items and the height restrictions at refuse disposal centres which make, say, a 4x4 with a stacked roof rack ineligible to use the facility. Now it is proposed to make councils collect more items for free and to increase surveillance. That is a helpful start but we also need a policy of highly publicised prosecution supported by evidence from cameras in unlikely places. Congratulations to the Government on at last, at long, long last, talking sense in the trans debate. I wonder why it hasn't happened earlier and what prompted a sudden outpouring of concern to protect women from unfair competition in sport and to protect their privacy in changing rooms? I suspect the answer is Maya Forstater and her campaign to make women's votes dependent on such action. The thought of that "X" being withdrawn was not such a happy one. However, that in turn means that Government always did recognise that the public agreed with the Mayas and JK Rowlings, left, of this world but didn't care until its own position was threatened. No wonder voters are fed up and feeling ignored. MPs are criticising the Garrick Club for not admitting women but what business is it of theirs? Before it threw me out for joining the Brexit Party and trouncing Conservative candidates I belonged to the Carlton Club, a private members club in London for Conservative sympathisers. For years I enjoyed associate membership but then it admitted women to full membership and my subscription rocketed while the advantages were minimal. Sometimes the screeching sisterhood doesn't know when it is well off. Some council officials are paid more than the PM. So what? As long as there are jobs in the private sector, in the NHS and in education which pay comparable sums, those who are required to manage large numbers of staff and services will expect to be paid the going rate. Fine, but couldn't we make pay dependent on the exercise of common sense? Hundreds of cricket clubs across the country are banning their traditional teas in case they are sued over allergens. Whose responsibility is it to avoid food to which they may be allergic but that of the sufferers themselves, who can always bring along their own buns and cakes? Proportionality has been knocked for six. 