The Chase host Bradley Walsh became excited as he pointed out the contestants' names were Nick, Duran, Geoff and Tracey. Chaser Anne "The Governess" Hegerty looked baffled as the 61-year-old repeated the names animatedly. He soon realised he'd made a mistake after one of the players on the ITV gameshow clocked on to what he had meant, and the presenter cracked up laughing as Anne commented he was being worked "too hard". Thursday's The Chase saw the four players taking on The Governess with hopes of winning a decent amount to split between themselves. Tracey was up first, and during her round against Anne, Bradley stated: "Hang on a minute! Nick Duran and Geoff Tracey!" Anne appeared confused as she pulled a quizzical face while Bradley looked around for validation. "No?" he asked, searching for someone to understand his point. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy "Never heard of them..." Tracey eventually chimed as he continued: "Well, isn't that a thing?" "Is it?" asked Anne, clearly at a loss as to what Bradley was talking about. He commented: "Is it not?" before explaining: "Well Geoff Tracy is one of the people from Tracy Island, which is the Thunderbirds, and Nick Duran is-" "I think Geoff Tracy's the dad," Anne cut in, agreeing before Bradley could continue. "Yeah!" He replied. "And Nick Duran... was that his name? Nick Duran?" From the contestants' base, Geoff chimed in to confirm: "Nick was in Duran Duran." Spotting his mistake, Bradley remarked: "Oh, there's a bloke called Nick in Duran Duran..." He began to hold his face in his hands as he chuckled loudly. DON'T MISS... 'Prince Harry should lose titles like Andrew' claims royal author [VIDEO]Lord Sugar leaves The Apprentice candidates ‘feeling really tense' [EXCLUSIVE]'Doesn't acknowledge' Prince Harry sparks uproar with UK therapy [LATEST] Anne stated in mock concern: "Okay, now you're seeing patterns that aren't there, Bradley." He continued to laugh hysterically as she joked: "We've been working you too hard." It seems Bradley had the giggles when the episode was filmed, as he fell into another laughing fit later in the episode. One of Duran's questions had been: "King George III was the first monarch to hold an account with which bank?" The options were Coutts, Clydesdale and Co-op. As the options appeared, Bradley laughed: "The Co-op!" It turns out Duran had selected Co-op as her answer, and she quickly added: "I meant to press B!" Bradley almost fell over laughing and was left speechless. After composing himself, he remarked: "That is great!" The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.