There are a variety of reasons for your lawn to turn brown or patchy, rather than the lush green we aspire to. These reasons are often drought, disease, insects or thatch. Unsurprisingly, a lack of rainfall causes stress on the grass, as it doesn’t have enough nutrients to grow. The grass will either go dormant or it will die off, according to the expert. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, David Truby, Managing Director of Greensleeves, shared his top tips for fixing brown patchy lawns. As the weather is set to warm up in the next couple of weeks, watering lawns will be key. David explained: “Water is the clear answer to solving a brown patchy lawn. “Make sure to regularly water your lawn to provide it with the nutrients it needs. READ MORE: Lawn care: How to avoid scalping grass to avoid unhealthy growth “I suggest watering your lawn early in the mornings and late in the evenings, to make sure the water doesn’t evaporate in hot weather conditions. “Even without regular watering, a healthy, well-maintained lawn should still recover once the rainfall begins again.” Mowing lawns at the correct height is also important for “healthy” growth. The grass expert said: “Make sure not to mow your grass too short during the hotter months of the year, as you don’t want to put additional stress on the grass. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to clean ovens using a dishwasher tablet - ‘easy trick’ [COMMENT]Laundry: How to dry clothes faster and reduce energy bill costs [TIPS]Laundry: How to properly remove ‘yellow’ stains from pillows [EXPERT] “Leave the clippings on the lawn, to act as a natural fertiliser and to slow down evaporation of water from the lawn’s surface.” Scarifying the lawn helps to make the garden healthier for several reasons. It is done with a rake by dragging it across the garden. This helps to remove moss and other organic matter, which can prevent the healthy growth of grass by suffocating the soil. However, David suggested that the task is best carried out by a professional. He said: “Scarification removes a layer of thatch from your grass. “It’s best to get an expert to scarify your lawn as they will analyse the thatch layer and remove the right amount to keep your grass healthy. “Professional scarifiers are often significantly more effective than DIY ones that are available to rent or buy.” Feeding the lawn is also vital for maintaining “strong” grass roots and preventing “dry patches”. David explained: “Having a strong and healthy grass root system also helps to prevent dry patches. “To ensure your grass is as healthy as possible, it needs to be fed with an appropriate fertiliser for each time of year. “For example, a fertiliser high in nitrogen at the beginning of the growing season.” If drought isn’t the cause of the problem, a lawn care expert will be able to identify any damage through disease, insects or thatch. Once they have determined the problem, they will be able to bring your lawn back to its usual green, healthy state with lawn treatments and care.