Prince Andrew’s future hangs in the balance as he faces being stripped of his Freedom of the City of York. Council chiefs will tonight decide whether to revoke the honour the Queen’s son received in 1987. Councillors will vote on rescinding Andrew’s status in a meeting at York Racecourse, which was postponed from March due to a COVID-19 outbreak. It comes as the Duke of York, 62, is under fire over his historic links to convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell, who was found guilty last year of child sex trafficking. Andrew was also accused by Virginia Giuffre was sexually assaulting her three times in 2001, when she was an alleged sex trafficking victim of Epstein. The civil court case she brought against the Duke in the US was formally ended last month as both parties came to an out-of-court agreement, and he paid a financial settlement to his accuser – an outcome which is not an admission of guilt. Andrew vigorously denied all the allegations against him throughout the case and said he had no recollection of ever meeting Ms Giuffre. Ahead of the City of York Council meeting tonight, the historian and broadcaster Rafe Heydel-Mankoo claimed the royal and his elder brother, Prince Charles, the heir apparent, have had an “estranged relationship for a long time”. Appearing on GB News this morning, the royal expert was asked about how Charles will deal with Andrew when he succeeds his mother, the Queen, to the throne. JUST IN: Prince Harry claims 'immense' differences exist between California and UK over therapy He said: “Well, I think everyone knows full well that Prince Charles and Prince Andrew have had an estranged relationship for a long time. “And it is really only the Queen that is keeping him within palace boundaries.” Andrew has been sidelined from royal duties since 2019 when he was humiliated during his disastrous ‘Newsnight’ interview with the BBC’s Emily Maitlis. The Duke was widely criticised over the rare TV appearance in which he was accused of not showing sympathy to Epstein’s victims. In response to the backlash over the interview, a string of organisations severed ties with Andrew, and he confirmed that he would step back from his royal duties for the “foreseeable future”. The Duke was dealt a further blow in January this year when the Queen stripped him of his military titles, royal patronages and use of the style His Royal Highness in an official capacity. The move followed a US judge ruling that the case brought by Ms Giuffre against Andrew could proceed to trial. Given the Duke’s reduced role, eyebrows were raised in March this year when the Duke was given a central role in the memorial service to his father Prince Philip, who passed away last year. Andrew travelled with the Queen from Windsor Castle to Westminster Abbey for the event and accompanied her down the aisle as the Royal Family paid their respects. The outing was Andrew’s first public appearance since his settlement. DON'T MISS: Queen Mother brutally 'humiliated' Wallis Simpson amid abdication crisis: 'Had a vendetta' [LATEST]Princess Anne young: How Anne infuriated Queen Mother with risque choices [INSIGHT]Royal rift POLL: Should Prince Harry apologise for his part in royal rift? [ANALYSIS] His accompaniment of Her Majesty was widely viewed as a public show of support by the monarch for her son. With Andrew still appearing to retain a place in the royal fold, questions have now been raised over what role – if any – he will play in the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee this summer. Her Majesty’s historic 70-year reign is set to be celebrated from June 2-5 with an amazing programme of events, including royal public appearances such as Trooping the Colour, a parade that members of The Firm traditionally watch from the balcony of Buckingham Palace. Although it is unclear if Andrew will play a part in the festivities, royal commentators, including Mr Heydel-Mankoo, have warned that the Duke should be nowhere near the Jubilee. He said: “I think it would be a disaster to have Prince Andrew or indeed [Prince] Harry and Meghan [Markle] actually, for that matter, on the balcony. “This is supposed to be an occasion to celebrate the Queen’s 70-year reign. “All of the focus and attention would be on those three wayward royals.”