Lohan Monalisa Maria reportedly abused the "vulnerable elderly resident with dementia" at Birch Tree Manor care home in Port Sunlight, Merseyside. She has been struck off following an investigation by regulator the Nursing and Midwifery Council (NMC), which heard Monalisa Maria had repeatedly slapped the man in front of a colleague. On another occasion, the nurse allegedly punched the pensioner with "some force" three times in the back. She was also seen by a colleague kicking the resident in his buttocks to force him to his room. Police have "identified a suspect" in relation to these attacks however no arrests have been made. Monalisa Maria was suspended with immediate effect when the allegations came to light in late 2019, Liverpool Echo says. The care home has been investigating since and, this week, the NMC struck off Monalisa Maria. One colleague said in a witness statement: "I witnessed Lohan slap Resident A on the side of his head on a number of occasions. Lohan slapped Resident A on the side of head. She slapped him with one hand and then used her other hand and she did this on at least three times Resident A shouted “get off, f***off” repeatedly and was very angry. I did not witness Resident A hit Lohan." Another healthcare assistant, Colleague C, also saw the alleged assaults and added: "To my absolute shock Ms Maria approached [Resident A] from behind and whilst she was standing behind [Resident A] she slapped both sides of his head a few times. I could not believe what I had witnessed, I felt absolutely disgusted and words cannot describe how sad I felt for [Resident A]. "[Resident A] wobbled when Maria slapped him and I was scared that [Resident A] may fall." The pair also claim they saw Monalisa Maria punch the man three times in the back. Colleague C said: "I vividly recall thinking she had used some force to punch him."  According to a written NMC ruling: "There is currently an ongoing police investigation regarding the allegations of abuse. However, the police have confirmed that they have not been able to make contact with Ms Monalisa Maria as she has left the country." Bond Care, which runs the home, said Birch Tree Manor has since been taken over by new management and new measures have been put in place to protect residents. A Merseyside Police spokeswoman confirmed a "suspect had been identified" following allegations of assault and "circulated as wanted" but that no arrests have been made. An independent disciplinary panel convened by the NMC found three charges against Monalisa Maria, relating to the slaps, punches and kicks, proved." However the panel cleared her of leaving Resident A in soiled clothing, and also of working at the home without professional indemnity insurance. The panel found that only a striking off order would suffice. It wrote: "The panel determined that abuse of any patient is inherently serious and found that the misconduct in this case reflected harmful deep-seated personality and attitudinal problems. It also found no evidence of insight or remorse, and a consequent risk of repetition. "The conduct, as highlighted by the facts found proved, was a significant departure from the standards expected of a registered nurse. The panel determined that there was no evidence to suggest that Ms Monalisa Maria would use a period of suspension to address the specific concerns raised about her conduct in this matter." A spokesman for Bond Care said: "We are saddened and disappointed that these incidents occurred in our home. Since October 2019 we have had a change in management in the home and installed monitoring devices to further safeguard the wellbeing of our residents and staff. "The health and wellbeing of our residents is our number one priority and this episode is not a reflection on our outstanding and dedicated staff and home."