Simon Cowell has been open about his use of fillers and Botox in the past, but in a new interview has admitted that he's "gone a bit too far" with the tweakments. The Britain's Got Talent boss, 61, now claims that he has stopped the treatments altogether after failing to recognise himself. "There was a stage where I might have gone a bit too far," the Britain's Got Talent judge confessed. "I saw a picture of me from ‘before’ the other day and didn’t recognise it as me.” "I looked like something out of a horror film,” he continued. “[My son] Eric was in hysterics [so] enough was enough." READ NOW: Naga Munchetty admits struggle as tells BBC colleague ‘ask for help’ Simon went on to explain that his face is now completely natural. He added to the Sun: "There is no filler in my face at all now. Zero.” Since Simon confessed to over-using addressed his use of Botox and fillers, skin specialists have analysed his look and concluded that they had left his face with a "sad appearance". Inspecting a 2006 photo of him, expert Dr Sarah Tonks stated: "At 46 there [wasn't] a line on his forehead. Not one line. So he’s either had a very stress-free life or there’s some Botox in there - [and] he has definitely not had a stress-free life!"  She also cautioned: "After keeping up the Botox jabs, by 2012 his eyebrows have started drooping.” She added: "Before he’d had the Botox in the forehead and left around the eyes. "Now it looks like an attempt has been made to soften the wrinkles and lines around his eyes." “[However] the two things together here have given this really sad appearance." DON'T MISS: Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband [INSIGHT] Ruth Langsford's husband Eamonn issues plea to 'unsung hero' at ITV [LATEST] Dan Walker’s awkward reply to Sally Nugent after BBC exit news [UPDATE]  The talent show judge revealed in 2018 that he'd found other alternatives to traditional anti-aging treatments, including undergoing a nonsurgical facelift. “There’s lots of things you can do now. You don’t just have to stuff your face with filler and Botox," he stated to the Sun on Sunday, after revealing he'd tried out the procedure, which involves "bioplastic-infused thread". He explained that it was agonisingly painful, but that it helped to rid his skin of sun damage. Actress and Goop blogger Gwyneth Paltrow is also an advocate of the same non-surgical face-lift technique. Duchess of York Sarah Ferguson has admitted to trying it out too, revealing that she felt she looked "much younger". "You insert the threads under the skin with a fine needle and they hold everything up," she told The Daily Mail. "They also encourage collagen production... if you look at photos of me after I had it done, I look much better," she exclaimed. However, some skin specialists have advised against the treatment, suggesting that it can cause skin scarring. Chicago surgeon Michael Byun explained: "I find it causes the dermal layer of the skin to age irregularly."