Certain councils have already started making payments this month whilst others forecast it to be paid no sooner than June. Council tax rebates worth £150 are due to be paid to all households in council tax bands A to D in England, Scotland and Wales.   The rebate is expected to benefit an estimated 80 percent of households in these areas. However, The Mirror researched 11 councils, revealing the vast disparity of when payments can be expected. The rebate scheme, announced in February, was aimed to help vulnerable households as energy and cost of living bills skyrocket. While many expected the £150 on April 1, thousands are still left waiting for it almost three weeks later. READ MORE: 'It's more than painful' Widow in tears after losing over £150,000 and her home in scam     It has been reported that the deadline for councils to provide the rebate is officially September 30. People who use direct debit to pay their council tax should be the first to receive their payments as the council has all of the necessary information already. However, confusion has come in relating to how and when everyone else can expect their rebate. It has been noted that councils will write to their residents about getting the information needed to process their rebates.  Although, many councils have also asked that residents do not contact them concerning the rebate. People who are currently struggling with financial difficulties can still contact their councils for support and assistance. Currently, Britons are being advised to check their local council’s websites for updates or guidance on where they can find answers to their questions. South Derbyshire District Council has noted that it doesn’t expect to pay out the rebates until June.  This is because they are still awaiting payment software which is due to arrive in late April. Colchester Borough Council rebate payments are expected to start in May and end in June. North Tyneside Council and Northumberland County Council similarly noted on their websites that residents can expect the payments from early May. Hastings Borough Council has reported that all households eligible for the rebate should receive it by the end of May.  This is reported for South Lakeland District Council and Halton Borough Council as well. Southend-on-Sea Borough Council shared that payments are expected to begin on Friday, April 29. Southampton City Council is currently preparing to issue payments from tomorrow April 27 for direct debit taxpayers. Thanet District Council and Canterbury City Council have both started payments this week.