There’s always a small risk that tourists could be sharing a hotel bed with some unwanted guests. The experts at MattressNextDay have shared how to spot bed bugs. A spokesperson said: “If you do suspect there might be some unwanted guests in your holiday bed there are a few things you can look out for to be sure of the situation before you take it up with the hotel manager. “It’s important to spot the signs early so that it doesn’t ruin your holiday and ultimately it doesn’t affect your health. “If you do spot signs of bed bugs when you arrive at your hotel or apartment then it is best to notify the appropriate staff immediately. “We’d advise anyone who is genuinely worried about bed bugs to take a small bug spray with them in their suitcase.” READ MORE: How to get cheap train tickets: Hidden deals for the ‘best price’ One of the first signs there might be an unwanted guest in a hotel bed is spots of blood on the bed. The spokesperson said: “Unfortunately, this is as gruesome as it sounds. When the bugs get squashed they release a lot of blood, especially around the seams of mattresses, which is where they tend to hide. “These spots can start to look a rusty colour the longer they have been there. Ensure both sides of the mattress are free from any blood stains before hitting the hay.” “It may sound obvious that spotting eggs would be a telltale sign of a bug infestation but they’re not always hiding in plain sight. “The eggs are tiny and can be found in numerous places, not just on the mattress. They are about 1mm wide and are often a pale yellow colour. “If you do find any of the eggs, it could mean the bed bugs are still very much alive and this should be reported immediately.” “You may have been to a hotel that smells a little strange before but the odour excreted by bed bugs is certainly distinguishable. “If the bedroom area has a strong, rusty and unpleasant odour, this could possibly come from a bed bug’s scent glands and it is strongest when there are large amounts of bugs present. “Always err on the side of caution when it comes to a smelly room and check for other signs too.” “Although this is slightly less common, bed bugs can leave stains on walls too. If you do notice any dark spots this could be bed bug excrement. “Make sure not to touch any of the affected areas and notify the hotel or apartment staff straight away. “Much like many other creatures, bugs shed their skin once they begin to grow. When trying to identify a shell you should look for small, husk-like specks that may crunch if squashed.” “Old fabrics that may not have been cleaned thoroughly or are possibly second hand could house a family of bed bugs. If the place you’re staying in is of a slightly older nature or a boutique style, it’s always best to double-check the fabric and furnishings before settling in.” “Bed bugs also like to lay their eggs in furniture as well as mattresses. These will look like bunches of small white spots from a distance.” “If you haven’t spotted any of these signs but have woken up with small, red, itchy spots on your skin, this could be down to the creepy critters. The bites will often form a straight line across a part of your body.”