Manchester United icon Paul Scholes has branded Mikel Arteta a ‘disgrace’ for complaining to referee Craig Pawson during the four-goal thriller at the Emirates Stadium. The Red Devils were beaten 3-1 by the Arsenal on Saturday afternoon. And that means their hopes of Champions League football are all but over. Manchester United lost 3-1 to Arsenal with goals from Nuno Tavares, Bukayo Saka and Granit Xhaka enough for the Gunners to take all three points. And Scholes, speaking on Premier League Productions, has now labelled Arteta a ‘disgrace’ after he complained to referee Pawson before Saka’s penalty in the first half. “At the time, I thought it was offside,” said the retired midfielder. “I didn’t really think of the foul, to be honest. That brings into question whether it’s a clear and obvious error, which is the only reason it should go to the VAR. "It’s a coming together, of course, it is. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “I think Arteta is a disgrace there. He shouldn’t be allowed to do that. "If you see it again, he actually goes to the crowd to try and influence the referee a little. All the players around them as well. “That shouldn’t be allowed. But it’s a little bit clumsy from Telles.” Saka’s penalty doubled Arsenal’s lead, with Cristiano Ronaldo then responding for United. However, the 37-year-old then declined the chance to take a spot-kick of his own when the Red Devils were awarded one in the second half. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Instead, Bruno Fernandes was given the responsibility. However, the Portugal international could only strike the woodwork - with Arsenal then proceeding to win with Xhaka’s goal making the result safe. And Rangnick explained why Ronaldo didn’t take the penalty in his post-match interview, saying: "I spoke with him after the game and asked him. “And he said he just didn't feel he should take it and that's why he said it would be better if Bruno took it." Rangnick was also forced to respond to more of Scholes’ comments. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The United legend revealed that he’d recently talked with Jesse Lingard, who had called the dressing room a ‘disaster’. “I had a quick chat with Jesse [Lingard] the other day,” he stated. “I’m sure he won’t mind me saying — the dressing room is just a disaster.” And Rangnick hit back by insisting reporters should ask Lingard about Scholes’ comments, rather than himself. "I don't know, you have to ask Jesse Lingard,” said the 63-year-old, whose side have gone from bad to worse since his appointment. “Obviously, after games like today, there is massive disappointment in the locker room. This is for me normal." United are next in action against Chelsea on Thursday (7.45pm). They drew 1-1 with the Blues at Stamford Bridge earlier in the season, with Jadon Sancho on target.