According to popular chain Holland and Barrett, one supplement in particular could be useful in the management of type 2 diabetes. Chromium is a trace mineral used to improve insulin sensitivity in the body. Holland and Barret describe it as a “mineral that helps the body break down fats and carbohydrates as well as helping to control blood sugar levels in patients with type two diabetes". As a result, the chain suggests it could be used to help manage type 2 diabetes. READ MORE: Alzheimer’s disease: Social isolation is an early symptom Other tips they suggest include:• Managing intake of carbohydrates• Choosing low GI foods• Boosting fibre intake• Drinking water• Consuming a few spoons of apple cider vinegar. These tips, they suggest, can help a person keep their type two diabetes under control.  In recent months type 2 diabetes has become associated with another, more prevalent, condition. Recent studies have found COVID-19 can increase a person’s risk of developing diabetes. Research has found those who get Covid have an increased risk of developing the condition up to one year after infection. The data suggested the risk of developing diabetes after Covid rose by 40 percent. Study co-author Dr Ziyad Al-Aly said of the research, published in The Lancet Diabetes & Endocrinology journal: “When this whole pandemic recedes, we’re going to be left with the legacy of this pandemic – a legacy of chronic disease.” Furthermore, it has been reported the risk of diabetes rose with the severity of COVID-19. The more severe a person’s case of Covid the more likely they were to become diabetic. Even those who had no risk factors diabetes were at increased risk. The concern into the future is that the increased number of diabetics will put more pressure on health systems already at breaking point. Furthermore, this research comes just months after data published in Nature Medicine showed even a mild case of Covid resulted in an increased risk of heart failure, heart attack, and stroke. Meanwhile others have said while Covid’s impact on the heart is known, what poses a more significant danger are the undiagnosed cases of coronary heart disease. This has been driven, say some, by poor lifestyle habits adopted during the pandemic.