Families, desperate to make ends meet, are borrowing money from criminal lenders at extortionate rates of interest - sometimes amounting to 130,000 per cent APR and above. People are typically told to pay back double usually within a month - and if they cannot, they face threats of public humiliation, violence or even sexual abuse. Yesterday, the Daily Express joined a team of 14 investigators and police officers who raided two properties in a market town. A family man, 40, was held on suspicion of illegally lending money at "astronomical" rates to victims coerced into making repayments. Travelling in a convoy of unmarked cars, the team approached a terraced house on an estate in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, just after 6am. With a child's rocking toy in the front garden, the targeted house could not have looked less like the centre of a suspected criminal operation. The door was answered by a woman - and officers, who were prepared to force their way in if necessary, were allowed into the premises. A man, still in bed, was taken into custody as officers seized electronic devices, documents and paperwork. A sniffer dog, trained to detect wads of banknotes, searched the property and the suspect's car. The raid was led by a national squad of Trading Standards officers, the Illegal Money Lending Team, whose 30 investigators and 19 regional support operatives make around 100 arrests every year. Their workload is increasing as ever-larger numbers are being forced into the clutches of illegal lenders. A report by the Centre for Social Justice estimated 1.08 million people may currently owe money to loan sharks, a number that has more than trebled since 2010. The IMLT, which operates nationally but is run by Birmingham City Council, estimates that illegal lenders are involved in deals worth more than £750million per year. Tony Quigley, IMLT's head of service who led yesterday's raid, said: "We know this problem is growing. Every one of my officers is working pretty much to capacity. "One of the difficulties we most often come across is that the victims of loan sharks do not realise they are victims. Many people see them as a friend who is helping. "As a result, even when we make an arrest, most people are unwilling to give evidence against them. "But let's get this clear, a loan shark is not a friend. They are in this for themselves. They are making hard money, sometimes astronomical profits, off the backs of people who can least afford it." He explained how illegal lenders operate and revealed how those who owe money are threatened. Mr Quigley said: "The usual arrangement is you pay back double. You borrow £500, you owe £1,000. The reason Annual Percentage Rates charged are so massive is because you are repaying it so quickly. "The methods used to force people to make payments are coercive and pernicious. They will find your weakness and use it. "In one case, a lady was trying to avoid her loan shark because she couldn't pay him. She was struggling. "He would knock on her door and she would hide with her children. He would sit outside her house, sometimes for hours. "She asked a friend to pick up her kids from school because she was frightened of bumping into this individual. She was terrified. "One day, as she was at the window, he came round the corner with her children, one in each hand. "She rushed out in panic and he said, 'I know you're avoiding me, you will pay me'. "He never did anything to the children, he bought them sweets, they were safe. But can you imagine the psychological harm that did to her? It really frightened her. "There was no threat, there was no violence, it was just that underlying coercive, psychological pressure. It is damaging to people's mental health." Mr Quigley added: "The problem is that when you are in debt and you can't see the wood for the trees, you see a quick and easy way out - but it just throws you deeper into the mire. "The impact illegal money lenders have is the erosion of the quality of life of their victims and the detrimental impact on their mental health. "My view is that if we can stop just one person going to an illegal lender then I will count that as a success - but we aim to do better than that." A spokesman for the Centre for Social Justice said: "Illegal lending exists in many forms, from small-scale lenders who pester victims to violent predators and organised crime groups. "Some even attempt to add a thin veil of legitimacy by advertising themselves as a company, drawing up fake contracts. "New evidence shows illegal lenders to be increasingly operating online. "Now, more than ever, victims are exposed to the relentless manipulation of their exploiters." A mother of two has told how she ended up paying thousands of pounds to an illegal lender over nearly 10 years, after borrowing £750. Kim, now 41, and her then-partner, ultimately took out four loans with the same woman and gave half of their net income to her every month. Like many victims, they thought the criminal exploiting them was a friend. Kim, who is from the North-west of England, said the loan shark was a woman who had previously worked for a legitimate lender. She said: "We trusted her. We thought she was operating legally and she told us we were 'good payers'. She used to come and sit in our house and fuss over my children. "She told us about her family and her holidays. We were friendly. We'd known her for some time." For an initial loan of £750, Kim was paying back £400. The lender knew when her payday was and harassed her until payment was made.