Marina Ovsyannikova was an editor for Russian state TV Channel One until March 14, when she burst onto the set during a live broadcast, holding a placard that read “Stop the war”. She was then arrested and issued a fine of 30,000 rubles (£214) for an anti-war video message she posted online and still faces charges that could see her sentenced to up to 15 years in prison. Ms Ovsyannikova wrote an article describing how it felt being involved in the Russian propaganda machine, and how ashamed she is of it. Last week, it was made public that the 43-year-old journalist was hired by Die Welt as a freelance correspondent. In her article, she spoke out about the criticism she has encountered from fellow journalists from the work that she was doing on Channel One. Being born half Russian and half Ukrainian, the journalist said she has been criticised by both the Ukrainian and the Russian side, and had even been called a British spy. Ms Ovsyannikova said: “I spent many years working for the Russian state broadcaster, Channel One, where I was involved in creating aggressive Kremlin propaganda – propaganda that constantly sought to deflect attention from the truth, and to blur all moral standards.” She went on to talk about how she was “just a tiny cog in this system”, but her job was to make sure that the system worked. She added: “That was always a core part of the mission: to constantly tell people how bad life is in America, in the West as a whole and in Ukraine. “That became the central theme: slinging mud at them all – only Russia is always soft, fluffy and whiter than white.” Moreover, Ms Ovsyannikova talked about how she and her family were displaced from Grozny during the First Chechen War, a period full of atrocities that won Putin his seat in the current Russian regime. She said: “What’s happening in Ukraine now is also bringing back memories of my teenage years. During the First Chechen War, I had to flee from Grozny with my family. “We had to leave all our belongings behind and start a new life. Those were difficult years: we moved from one place to another, and we were poor. “It was because of those years that I decided to study journalism. It might sound emotional, but I wanted to use this career to fight for more justice.” Subsequently, she describes how she struggled to balance her morale about the job, as she was in need and didn’t want to give it up. A section of her article read: “I tried to think of my work as if it were some kind of factory. I closed my eyes, worked my hours and then went home.” Ms Ovsyannikova confessed that she watched and read western media channels and liberal Russian and Ukrainian publications, and “saw very clearly the web of lies we were weaving”. The journalist said she reached a point where she “couldn’t do it anymore” and decided to protest on the street, but her child prevented her. She said: “At first I wanted to take an anti-war placard to Manezhnaya Square in the centre of Moscow, but my 17-year-old son locked me in our home, took my car keys away and told me to calm down. “But I couldn’t sleep, eat or drink. And then the plan gradually grew: I wouldn’t hold up my placard in the city; I’d do it on air, during a live broadcast.”