Around one in seven Britons care for someone while 400,000 of these could be claiming up to £302 a month in Carer’s Allowance from the DWP. This could make a huge difference to cash strapped families, here’s how to check eligibility and how to apply. People who care for someone for at least 35 hours a week could claim Carer’s Allowance which could be worth up to £3,624 a year. Nearly half a million people are missing out on this vital financial support because they don’t know they are eligible. Campaigners say there has never been a more important time to conduct a benefits check as the cost of living crisis continues to bite. People who help someone with everyday tasks or getting around the home are being encouraged to check whether they are eligible for Carer’s Allowance. READ MORE: Halifax expands £100,000 prize draw this summer Britons could qualify for Carer’s Allowance if they are working. However, they will need to be earning no more than £128 a week. The individual they are caring for also needs to be claiming certain state benefits for the carer to qualify. Carers should let them know as it may affect their benefits and how much they receive. DON'T MISSState pension frustration as sum will not increase to £380 per week [UPDATE]Pensioners lose £8,000 of state pension as expats see sums frozen [WARNING]Woman in tears at £1.4m IHT bill ‘Parents have already paid tax!' [INSIGHT] DWP benefits that the individual might be claiming include: Not everyone will receive the full amount of Carer’s Allowance, however they should end up better off. Applicants don’t need to be living with, or related, to the person they are claiming Carer’s Allowance for. Britons won’t receive more for caring for more than one person. However, a claim can be backdated for three months. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Anyone who qualifies for Carer’s Allowance will automatically receive National Insurance credits. They could also be entitled to: To apply and find out more Britons are advised to go to Gov.uk. 