Ronnie Wood's ex-wife Jo Wood has shared her thoughts on Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's move to the states. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the businesswoman and model, 67, addressed the couple's move to America in 2020, as well as her passion for UFOs. In January 2020, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced that they were stepping away from their royal duties and planned to split their time between the UK and North America, where they now live with their family in Montecito, California. When asked about her thoughts on the couple's departure to California, Jo told how the couple can do "whatever they want." She said: "They can do what they want, they're young, they're free. "Whatever they want to do, it's not it's not up to me to have an opinion about what they do, it's not my business." READ MORE: Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue The star also reflected on her time meeting other members of the royal family as part of charity events. Jo said: "I went with Ronnie, me and Ronnie met Prince Charles. "We went to his house near the palace, I can't remember what it's called now, [it was] where used to live or where he lives. "We went there with Patrick Holden, who was head of the Soil Association and we went there to discuss organics and organic lifestyles." However, the former model revealed the Prince of Wales wasn't the only royal she'd met. "And then I met princess Anne," Jo added. She went on: "She was lovely. I did something for Oxfam, I [made] an eco Christmas tree. "And she was there and was lovely." DON'T MISS...Ricky Gervais mocks backlash over Chris Rock's Jada Pinkett Smith joke [INSIGHT]Rae Allen dead: The Sopranos star dies aged 95 [BREAKING]Midsomer Murders' Neil Dudgeon stunned at Fiona Dolman's show update [UPDATE] In 2020 Harry and Meghan announced their shock departure from the Firm, while also revealing they will spend more time in North America. The pair had initially spent time in Canada before relocating to California, where they are now based with their two children, Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor and Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor. A statement at the time read: "After many months of reflection and internal discussions, we have chosen to make a transition this year in starting to carve out a progressive new role within this institution. "We intend to step back as ‘senior’ members of the Royal Family and work to become financially independent while continuing to fully support Her Majesty The Queen." he statement continued: "It is with your encouragement, particularly over the last few years, that we feel prepared to make this adjustment. "We now plan to balance our time between the United Kingdom and North America, continuing to honour our duty to The Queen, the Commonwealth, and our patronages." Last month it was confirmed that Meghan is set to host her own podcast on Spotify, which will be only the second project the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have released since signing with the streaming platform. The Duke and Duchess’ production company Archewell Audio announced the move, which was estimated to be worth $33 million, in 2020 with the goal to “build community through shared experience, narratives and values”.