Using the washing machine correctly is important to get right for the sake of your appliance, clothes, and other items that need cleaning. Whether Britons have just bought one of the best washing machines or have had theirs for years, they’ll want to make sure they’re using it properly to ensure it doesn't break down and is able to get rid of grubby stains on garments too. Experts have shared how to use a washing machine to get the best out of them. Chris Jindra, senior brand manager at Proctor & Gamble explained: “Loading your washing machine correctly can give you much better washing results, not to mention also help you cut down on waste.” When using a washing machine, the first thing to remember is not to overload it. If clothes are crammed too tightly in the machine, water won't have room to properly circulate, leading to wrinkles and limited stain removal. Even for a large load, the items shouldn't fill the washer more than three quarters full and the items should be evenly and loosely spread out. Evan Brody, chief marketing officer at Tide suggested using the “palm trick” for finding out how much the washing machine can take. READ MORE: Mould: Mrs Hinch shares ‘easy’ method for removing mould from walls He said: “So here’s the palm trick you could try every time to check if your machine is overloaded. Just place your hand into the drum – it’s easy as that. “If your hand fits between your clothes and the wall of the drum, then you have the perfect load size. “If not, it’s best to take something out. If you find you’ve got even more space in there, you can add more clothes to save more water.” Lara Brittain, category director at Currys said: “Your load may not feel too heavy when it goes into the machine, but just imagine how heavy it will be once it’s soaking wet. “Too much weight can unbalance the machine and affect its performance over time. Another reason not to cram.” DON'T MISS: Laundry: How to fix ‘stiff’ and ‘crunchy’ towels [EXPERT]Heating myths: How to properly heat your home of less [TIPS]Weeding: How to create an ‘affordable’ weed killer in seconds [COMMENT] For those washing duvets, or other large items like blankets and rugs, put them in separately adding a few towels for proper spinning action. Iain Starkey, head of brand at Beko shared “a good rule” when it comes to loading a washing machine. He said: “A good rule of thumb to follow is to fill the drum to about 80 percent without compacting items down. “When it comes to actually putting your laundry into the machine, put items in one by one, or at least make sure they’re not tangled.” As well as loading the washing machine, adding correct detergent is also key to getting the washing right. If Britons load the clothes in right, but the detergent dosage is wrong, they’ll also have semi-unwashed clothes to deal with at the end of the cycle. Kate Cecile-Pritchard, user marketing manager at Bosch explained how to load a washing machine with detergent. She said: “Using too much or too little detergent in your washing machine can lead to poor washing results. “When it comes to using the correct dosage of detergent, there are three key facts to consider “The amount of dirt in the washing, the more dirty the clothes are and the more detergent that's needed to remove it. “You may not see it, but approximately 70 percent of dirt on clothes comes from the body, such as skin, sweat, grease and other bodily fluids. Only 30 percent of dirt on clothes comes from external sources, such as food, mud, grass, lotions and creams. “Detergent dosage instructions are based upon a washing machine's drum size, and for good reason. “The larger the washing load, the more dirt introduced and therefore the more detergent that's needed to remove it.” She also explained how hard water can affect how clean clothes come out of the washing machine. Kate added: “Hard water contains a high concentration of minerals which need to be softened and neutralised for more effective cleaning results. “It's for this reason that detergent manufacturers recommend using slightly more detergent than normal in hard water areas.”