Caroline Dawson, from Grimsby, was driving her elderly parents’ car on March 21, when she threw a cigarette butt out of the window. Several days later, her parents received a form through the post asking who had been driving the car and who was insured to drive it. Caroline maintained that she has always been a law-abiding citizen who has never littered. She claims the fine is too much for something so “petty”, and that the council should be focusing on other areas like fly-tipping and litter on her estate. She said she didn’t know there were cameras and must have been someone behind her “doing surveillance”. Caroline added: “[My parents] don't smoke, and I don't usually smoke in their car, but I had the one. READ MORE: UK needs 'dyed in the wool EV evangelist' to stop the charging crisis “I wound the window right down and I must've thrown the butt end out of the window and been caught on camera or by a surveillance person behind me. "I do remember having a cigarette in the car but I was rushing around as I normally am. “It's not something I'd usually do because in my partner's car, we use the ashtray. “I wouldn't usually do that in their car, so just in that second of me doing that, I was caught.” DON'T MISSHolidaymakers’ cars left in muddy fields [SHOCKING]E10 petrol change may cost drivers £300 extra a year - 'real blow' [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of huge caravan fines after major December law change [WARNING] The form that was sent to Caroline’s parents came from an enforcement agency in Doncaster, which “happened out of the blue days later”. Rule 147 of the Highway Code states drivers must not throw anything out of a vehicle, especially those requiring extra care. This is also part of Section 87 of the Environmental Protection Act 1990, which states that anyone who deposits any litter can be hit with a fixed penalty notice. Those caught discarding their cigarettes out the car window may face a fine anywhere between £50 and £100. Caroline said it was her “bad luck” that she was fined, saying there are other, more pressing issues that should be dealt with. She continued, saying: “What angers me is that I live on the Nunsthorpe [estate], my partner lives on the Nunsthorpe, and there's so many other issues there. “It does seem rather petty to get such a hefty fine. "Considering the state of a lot of streets and areas, not just the Nunsthorpe, the fly-tipping that goes on, I'm sure people do a hell of a lot worse and don't get caught, or it's not pursued,” she told Grimsby Live. She said if her offence was pointed out at the time, the fine would have only been around £20 or £30, calling her £100 fine “hefty”. She admits it was a “spur of the moment thing”, but reaffirmed her anger at other offences taking place, that she claims “goes undetected”. Caroline added: “While I agree with the deterrent, it's rather excessive when there are so many other issues that aren't being dealt with." A North East Lincolnshire Council spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “Littering is an antisocial and criminal act and will not be tolerated. With 979 litter bins in convenient locations around the borough, you are never far from a bin. “There is absolutely no excuse to drop litter, including cigarettes, anywhere in North East Lincolnshire and you should ensure your cigarette is fully extinguished before disposing of it. “People who drop litter make the place look unsightly and it is left for others to clean up after them. “Enforcement officers routinely patrol the borough and anyone caught littering faces a £150 fine.”