The Government has said an unprecedented demand for passport renewal has caused chaos. Many Britons delayed updating their passports during the pandemic. Since Brexit, Britons must have at least three months validity on their passport if they want to travel to the EU. A new 10 week processing target for the Passport Office is being repeatedly breached, according to MPs. They said the Passport Office is presiding over an “absolute shambles” which could affect millions of Britons. Many Britons are having to cancel expensive holidays or even miss funerals due to the shocking delays. READ MORE: Signs a hotel room is infested with bed bugs  Immigration minister, Kevin Foster, told the Commons: “We would advise people this is a very - virtually unprecedented - surge in demand, and if people are planning to travel this summer we would advise them to get their application in as soon as possible.” MPs have dismissed the Passport Office’s claims that the chaos has been caused by the amount of Britons who delayed updating their passport during Covid. They said the issue was entirely “foreseeable” and said many constituents had struggled to get in touch with the Passport Office. There have also been issues reported with the Office’s courier TNT which has an exclusive £77million contract to deliver the passports for three years. Travellers have claimed they have still been waiting for deliveries even if their passport was approved months earlier. Stuart McDonald, Home Affairs spokesperson for the SNP, said: “All our constituents are having to cancel holidays, miss funerals, rearrange visits, with even a ten-week target routinely being failed. “What will be done to avoid this predictable mess getting worse? “And can we be assured that the 10 week target will not be lengthened further as we approach the summer?” Simon Hoare, Conservative MP for North Dorset, said: “My constituents are telling me their experience is either really very good or it is an absolute shambles. “Something needs to be done to arrest this and quickly.” Kevin Foster said that the Passport Office has processed one million passports in the last month when it usually dealt with seven million a year. British tourists travelling to the EU for a summer holiday are being reminded of a post-Brexit passport rule. Britons need to have at least three months validity on their passport after the date they intend to leave. Their passport must also be no more than 10 years old or they will be denied entry to the bloc. Britons must also make sure their passport is stamped upon entry and exit to any EU country. An HM passport spokesperson advised people to apply for a passport as soon as possible and use the urgent services if necessary. Urgent services are available in some cases for passport applications.