Just Stop Oil and Extinction Rebellion (XR) have joined forces to stage daily disruptive protests in London and across the country this week. LBC presenter Andrew Pierce hit out at the tactics of the eco-activists, claiming that they simply "were not working". Speaking with Zach, an activist from Just Stop Oil, Mr Pierce pointed out that the Government had not made any concessions since the disruption began. Zach was speaking from Marble Arch where he had joined the XR protests on Saturday. On Saturday, XR demonstrators scaled Marble Arch in London to hang a banner as protests against fossil fuels continued for a seventh day. Other protesters also glued themselves to a limousine and brought traffic to a standstill. Zach hailed the combined forces of XR and Just Stop Oil, saying: "This coalition is extremely powerful and bringing so many groups together with the same goals. "2,000 are here in Marble Arch are demanding the Government move on to cleaner, renewable energy that doesn't spoil the future." JUST IN: UK and EU food prices compared: How much YOUR weekly food shop costs He defended the tactics, which have caused widespread disruption this week, saying: "The tactics have got media attention and got politicians talking. "I wouldn't be talking to you if the tactics weren't working." Mr Pierce fired back: "You have stopped people getting to work, from getting to hospital appointments, teachers can't get to school. You cause an awful lot of inconvenience." The Just Stop Oil spokesperson said that the Government "could end this disruption tomorrow by saying they will put the human race before meaningless profits, by just stopping oil and stopping the expansion of oil fields in the North Sea". He acknowledged that the government was moving ahead with "42 oil and gas projects in the North Sea," prompting Mr Pierce to claim that "this shows your tactics aren't working". The LBC host said: "Tell me what the government has done to meet your demands, please, because I'm not sure." When Zach admitted they have not met any demands, Mr Pierce said: "That's what I said Zach, your tactics aren't working! "You're aware that in the last few weeks the Government has cancelled the decision to suspend these licenses for fracking so fracking could be about to start." "And the Government could look into some oil fields in the North Sea because we are desperate to get Europe off Vladimir Putin's gas." DON'T MISS: Vladimir Putin confronted in person about humiliating Russian losses [INTERVIEW]Putin plunged into crisis as Russia Orthodox churches turns on Kremlin [VIDEO]Eco-maniac criminals are winning (and our leaders are quaking) [COMMENT] On Saturday, the Metropolitan police said that 40 people were arrested in total in a number of protests across the capital. The XR group said that Saturday's action amounted to its “biggest day of disruption so far”. On Friday, protesters blocked four of London’s busiest bridges and earlier this week obstructed the entrances to the insurance marketplace Lloyds of London. Police have arrested 600 people since the protests began this month.