Journalist Kate Bolduan sat down with international correspondent Matthew Chance to discuss the uncovered footage. Ms Bolduan discussed Mr Trump's attempt to encourage peace between Mr Zelensky and Putin. Mr Zelensky can be seen throughout the clip to appear uncomfortable, with one eyebrow raised as Trump gives him a pep talk. Former President Trump assured Mr Zelesnky that solving the issues between both nations would be a "tremendous achievement". Ms Bolduan told CNN: "Where the former President, he urged Zelensky to try to essentially patch things up with Vladimir Putin, watch this." The Former President of the United States added: “If you remember, you lost Crimea during a different administration, not during the Trump administration.” Mr Zelensky interrupted: “Yes, so you have a chance to help us.” Mr Trump continued: “That’s right, I do. “But that was during the Obama administration that you lost Crimea. “And I didn’t think it was something that you should have, but that was done a long time ago. “I think it was handled poorly, but it’s just one of those things.” READ MORE:Rwanda plan is ‘long overdue’ to thwart callous people traffickers, insists Tory stalwart Evidently, since the 2019 meeting between both presidents, there has since been no peace agreement between Russia and Ukraine. In a press briefing, Pentagon spokesperson John Kirby said: "They [Ukraine military] don't use American howitzers in artillery. "They understand how to use artillery, and it won't - we don't believe will take very long or require much detailed training to get them up to speed on American howitzers. "An artillery piece, so I've been told is not unlike other artillery pieces. "The basic outlines of the system are the same". Mr Kirby added: "The artillery is a specific item the Ukrainians asked for because of the specific fighting they expect is going to occur in the Donbas. "And we know the Russians also believe the same thing because we see them moving artillery units into the Donbas as well." 