Australian defence minister Peter Dutton warned that China was “amassing nuclear weapons” and creating a “very serious and real situation” that has forced Australia to spend AU$3.5 billion (£2 billion) preparing for the worst. Chinese President Xi Jinping has overseen a deal with the Solomon Islands that experts fear could lead to a dangerous naval base just over 2,000 miles from Australia. Mr Dutton told 9News: “We’re very worried about what’s happening in the Indo-pacific. The Chinese Government is on a course in relation to Taiwan. “They’re amassing nuclear weapons and we want to make sure that our country has the capability to deter any active aggression against us. “But it’s a very serious and real situation and we need to be realistic about what’s going to happen over the next few years or next decade.” The defence minister was then asked if Australia is “prepared for a potential war in our region with a nuclear-powered enemy” in China.  He said: “The last thing we want is a conflict of any nature in our region. We want peace to prevail. “But in the south China sea, there are now 20 points of [Chinese] military presence and they have amassed a huge number of vessels and ships within the Chinese People’s liberation army. “These are all very worrying signs. We’re working very closely with allies like the United States and the United Kingdom, with Japan and with India, and this is more important than ever. “This is not something we’re talking about in the 2040s, there’s the potential for conflict in our region within just a couple of years. “That’s why we’re bringing forward the acquisition of these missiles both for our destroyers, our ships and for our fast jets.” READ MORE: China plotting to exploit Russia 'template' to expand in Indo-Pacific  Australia has “a substantial relationship” with Taiwan, according to the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade, that engages in trade and investment, as well as education and tourism. When Taiwan was taken over by the Republic of China at the end of the Second World War, Australia refused, and still refuses, to acknowledge its sovereignty. While Taiwan has maintained a self-ruling power, allowing it to continue its relationship with Australia, China’s aggressive armament has stoked fears that President Xi wants to regain ruling power. Australia and Taiwan “share an interest in a rules-based, open, inclusive and stable Indo-Pacific region”, and should China disturb that peace, Australia could retaliate. DON'T MISS: Russia's relationship with China 'uneasy' as Jinping has historic clai [REVEAL] Ukraine crisis could motivate China's attack on Taiwan [INSIGHT]Biden sends top war chief to Taiwan in warning to China [REPORT] Speaking to Seven Network today, defence minister Dutton said: "There was a working assumption that an act of aggression by China toward Taiwan might take place in the 2040s. I think that timeline now has been dramatically compressed.” Australia has now brought forward a host of rearmament programmes by several years, including the acquisition of long-range missiles capable of covering nearly 600 miles. China has denied claims that they are seeking a military foothold in the Solomon Islands and accused others of escalating tensions by rearmament. Anne-Marie Brady, professor in politics at the University of Canterbury in New Zealand, however, said it was clear the draft pact was “meant to cut off Australia and New Zealand from U.S. military support.”