Madeleine McCann went missing 15 years ago while on holiday with her parents Kate and Gerry in Portugal. The child, who was just three at the time, disappeared from the holiday apartment where her family were staying, in Praia da Luz. While investigators believe she was abducted from the holiday resort, Madeleine has never been found. On Wednesday, police confirmed they had arrested a convicted sex offender called Christian Brueckner, who was named as an official suspect by Portuguese authorities. Speaking about the latest reports on BBC Breakfast, former police officer Jim shared his thoughts on the breakthrough in the case. Jim, who was involved in the original case, believes the arrest could be a major breakthrough. "A breakthrough could mean everything or it could mean nothing," the ex-cop began. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ He continued: "My own gut feeling on it from the moment the Germans began to release information two years ago, was that this was the best fit. "You know, you have proximity, you have opportunity, and you have a profile with regards to an offender that absolutely fits in a way that no others have." "So I think this is our best chance," he admitted before adding: "And given what we know about...well notwithstanding that the caution that the German police are saying about we may not be able to take it forward. "There's been a confidence within the BK, the German police team involved in this." Jim went on to say: "There's been an absolute confidence with the German prosecutor and having worked with German police in the past, I wouldn't take that lightly. "I think that's significant, the fact that the Portuguese have now looked at the available evidence and taking this step, I think also adds to that significance. "So this is all positive and from my own position, I wouldn't be surprised if charges did follow." According to reports, lawyers for the German national confirmed Brueckner was named an “arguido” [formal suspect] yesterday, according to the German daily newspaper Bild. DON'T MISS...Neighbours theory: Hendrick Grayson to exit in tragic romance twist [SPOILERS]Simon Cowell speaks on shaking up BGT judging panel  [INISIGHT]Denise Welch clashes with Nadia Sawalha in fiery Prince Harry row  [VIDEO] A written statement issued by the Portimao section of the Faro Department of Criminal Investigation and Prosecution (DIAP) said: "As part of the investigation into the circumstances surrounding the disappearance of Madeleine McCann in 2007, a person was made an arguido on Wednesday." Portugal’s Attorney General’s Office and the country’s Policia Judiciaria have yet to make any official comment. The German man, who is in his mid-forties, is currently in prison in Germany serving a sentence for rape, the Mirror reported. Friedrich Fuelscher, Brueckner’s lawyer, said: “I assume this measure is a procedural artifice to stop the statute of limitations.” In 2007, Madeleine's disappearance sparked a nationwide search effort in a bid to find the youngster. The child's parents have remained optimistic over the years and believed their daughter would be found safe. Last May, the pair marked what would have been Madeleine's 18th birthday, as they said: “We hang on to the hope, however small, that we will see Madeleine again." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.