The Ukrainian MP lost her temper after Mr Austin raised allegations that Ukrainian troops have been shooting and mistreating Russian soldiers captured in Ukraine. Ms Rudik asked the presenter "are you kidding me?" after Mr Austin argued "shooting people after capture" was not in accordance with the Geneva Convention. The Ukrainian MP told the Sky News host: "Are you talking about Geneva Convention to me about people who, who killed women and children correct women in front of the children. "You're talking to Geneva Convention to me. Are you kidding? Are you kidding me right now? "The world is watching how we are dying and talking about Geneva Convention! "Maybe you should call Putin and talk to him about the Geneva convention!"  It comes after a Ukrainian human rights ombudswoman Lyudmyla Denisova said on Tuesday that between 150 and 300 bodies may be in a mass grave by a church in the town of Bucha, where Ukraine accuses Russian troops of killing civilians. Moscow denies targeting civilians in Ukraine, calling images of the dead in Bucha that have shocked the world a "monstrous forgery" staged by the West to discredit it. "Currently, the bodies of the dead are being collected by law enforcement officers to conduct the necessary examinations," Ms Denisova said in an online post. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has accused Russia of committing the "most terrible war crimes" since the Second World War and has called for trials akin to those held after the defeat of the Nazis. The Ukrainian president accused his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin's forces of creating "mass starvation" and shooting and raping civilians, during a graphic address to the United Nations (UN) Security Council on Tuesday. During the UK-convened meeting of the UN's most powerful body, whose membership includes Russia, Mr Zelensky called for those responsible to be "brought to justice" in a tribunal similar to the Nuremberg trials. He warned the world is yet to see the acts committed by the Kremlin's troops in other regions after evidence of atrocities was unearthed after their withdrawal from Bucha, near Kyiv. "Today, as a result of Russia's actions in our country, in Ukraine, the most terrible war crimes we've seen since the end of World War Two are being committed," he said in the virtual address. DON'T MISS: Motorists hit by 14 MILLION tickets in 2 years [ANALYSIS]Britain braces as bitter -6C arctic blast to bring deep freeze [REVEAL]Search operations underway as plane crashes into English Channel [INSIGHT] "Russian troops are deliberately destroying Ukrainian cities to ashes with artillery and airstrikes. They are deliberately blocking cities, creating mass starvation. "They deliberately shoot columns of civilians on the road trying to escape from the hostilities. "They even deliberately blow up shelters where civilians hide from airstrikes. "The massacre in our city of Bucha is unfortunately only one of many examples of what the occupiers have been doing on our land for the past 41 days."