James Martin, 49, revealed he is opening a new restaurant in India on the latest episode of ITV’s Saturday Morning. The chef made the admission as Atul Kochhar was preparing a Swahili Paneer curry in the kitchen. Chatting to the host, Atul asked: “When are you going to India, James?” This prompted James to announce that he is opening a restaurant in India later this year. Atul, who was born in Jamshedpur, then probed James to reveal the whereabouts of his new venture. James protested: “I’m not telling you where because you will open next door! READ MORE:Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ “I’m not doing it, not saying a word, that’s all you are going to need to know. “You are a great mate of mine, but you don’t need to know.” Atul then chimed in saying that he has a restaurant in Delhi and urged James not to step on his turf. James couldn’t help but poke fun at his rival, saying jokingly: “Funny enough it’s right next door to yours!” And Atul and the rest of the crew began to laugh. The former Ready Steady Cook star currently has a selection of eateries across the UK including restaurants in Manchester and Hampshire and the James Martin Kitchen bakery chain in various airports. James has been in a long-term relationship with TV producer Louise Davies since 2011 when they met on Celebrity Who Wants To Be A Millionaire. The chef previously admitted that he has no intentions of getting married. He explained back in 2019 that while others may want to go all out for their big day, he is simply “not interested”. DON'T MISSJohnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip[LATEST]Phillip Schofield and Luke Evans' secret friendship exposed on holiday[INSIGHT]Dan Walker laments relationships with BBC Breakfast co-stars amid exit[NEWS] He also said that catering a lot of weddings has put him off because he has seen how much goes into planning a big day. James told Sunday People: “No, it doesn’t interest me in the slightest, mainly because I’ve catered for so many weddings. “I admire people who do it, that’s fine, but I’m quite happy. “I don’t need to spend 60 grand on a day, no, I’m more than happy thanks.” James does not have any children either and previously confessed that not raising a family has been the “biggest low” of his career. He told Prima in 2020: “The biggest low of my career is that I've given up everything for it. “I look at my mates and they're all married with kids, and that's not the case for me because I've been so focused on work." However, he added that if he was given the chance, he would “probably” do the “same thing again”.