PSG are arguing Kylian Mbappe can join Real Madrid later in his career at the age of 23 as they look to keep him at the Parc des Princes, according to reports. The France international’s current contract is due to expire at the end of the season. But the Ligue 1 giants are still hopeful of keeping him as they look to win the Champions League next season. Mbappe is yet to decide on his future, with Real Madrid hoping to finally sign him after missing out twice before. And The Athletic say PSG are ready to offer him a ‘lucrative’ two-year or three-year contract extension in order to protect the value of their prized asset. PSG have argued with Mbappe that, at the age of 23, he’s still got many years ahead of him to join Madrid at a later date. They’re hellbent on retaining the services of the 2018 World Cup winner, who has been in outstanding form this season. Mbappe has netted 28 goals across all competitions, as well as registering 18 assists. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz His numbers dwarf those of Neymar, who has managed 18 goal involvements from 25 matches. And Mbappe has also outperformed Lionel Messi, who has netted nine goals and registered 13 assists during his maiden season in France. The publication says, however, that PSG are preparing for a big summer of change. They’ve endured yet another underwhelming campaign, despite winning the Ligue 1 title with a 1-1 draw with Lens over the weekend. Their Champions League exit at the hands of Madrid was a bitter blow, especially given the fact they were leading 2-0 on aggregate before Los Blancos masterminded a terrific turnaround. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Mauricio Pochettino may now lose his job, with reports suggesting Antonio Conte could take over as his replacement despite his current commitment to Tottenham. And PSG chief Nasser Al-Khelaifi has invited consultants from Harvard Business School to leave no stone unturned as they eye Europe’s biggest prize. Pochettino will not be the only casualty at PSG this summer. But whether Mbappe hangs around to play under a different boss in Paris is something only time will tell. Real have missed out on the France international twice in the past and are hoping this summer can be third time lucky. They first invited him for a trial at the age of 12, though Mbappe would later begin his career at Monaco instead. And they failed to land the striker in 2017, missing out to PSG in a bitter blow for club president Florentino Perez. Speaking earlier this month, the forward insisted he was ‘cool’ as his PSG contract ticks down. “I haven’t decided about my future yet,” said the 2018 World Cup winner, who has also been linked with Manchester United, Newcastle and Barcelona over the past 12 months. “I’m cool. I want to take my time because I don’t want to get it wrong. “I am thinking about it because there are new elements—lots of things, new parameters. “[There are] a lot of parameters to take in consideration. “I’m trying to figure it out with my family so I take the right decision.”