Alesha Dixon is as much known for her fabulous physique as she is for her judging on one of the nation's favourite talent shows. The former singer stays slim with various healthy eating and exercise habits. The BGT judge showed off enviable abs in an orange suit and black crop top on April 16. How does she maintain this figure? With a busy TV schedule, plus looking after two children, eight-year-old Azura and two-year-old Anaya, it would be easy for Alesha to fall into unhealthy eating habits. But the judge maintains a strict diet to keep herself looking slender, eating "every two to three hours". READ MORE: Dr Mosley advises 'eating earlier' and other ways to lose weight Taking readers through her daily eating routine, she said: "For breakfast, I have porridge with raspberries and maple syrup. "Later, I'll eat rye toast with a boiled egg before working out." Protein is the way to go for a lean physique, as it aids muscle growth and keeps dieters full. "Then it's a protein shake – I'm trying to hit 75g to 90g a day – with dates, oat milk, flaxseeds, chia seeds and turmeric." She continued: "Lunch is salmon and veg with quinoa, then a Jamaican dish like ackee and saltfish for dinner." The star eats "plenty of carbs", but opts for high fibre ones such as brown pasta. Switching over to whole grain pasta, rice and bread have a whole host of health benefits. It can help with digestive health and lower a person's risk of heart disease and obesity, as well as provide essential minerals that slimmers cannot get from their white counterparts such as refined pasta. In terms of exercise, Alesha does not shy away from the gym. "Fitness has always been my saviour during challenging times – it rids me of stress and keeps my brain clear," she explained. But what does the BGT judge do exactly to stay trim? "I like structure, so I do a mix of weight training and cardio with my trainer, Janet Malinowska, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, then Pilates on Tuesdays and yoga on Thursdays. "I enjoy sweating, but adding in lower-intensity forms of movement has really helped calm me down." Working hard during the week, Alesha understands the importance of giving the body a break: "I rest on the weekend," she told Women's Health UK. Alesha often takes to Instagram to give snippets into her active lifestyle' just a few days ago she shared a video of herself axe-throwing. On another occasion, she posted a picture of her doing a yoga pose on a mat, with the hashtags #mondaymotivation #beatmonday #wellness #yoga. She frequently shares workout videos that slimmers can copy for those Alesha Dixon abs.