But after dutifully phoning in that morning's lot of scumbag housebreakings to the newsdesk I rarely felt "inspired" to go and case my next door neighbour's gaff and have his VHS away. Which brings me to bright young District Judge Stephen Leake. Mr Leake is a district judge (recommended incidentally by Dominic Raab) serving the South Eastern Circuit who on Tuesday told a bunch of criminals he felt "inspired" by them. Not really what you want to hear from a judge that is it? The criminals of course were the Insulate Britain ecomanicas, some of whom glued their bums to the M25 in Swanley, Kent, closing the motorway to 18,000 incandescent drivers and delaying an ambulance carrying an urgent patient. Of course the ambulance was just one tale of the serious, potentially life-threatening, implications of the eco-numpties - there were at least 17,999 more. The lives of the protesters themselves were also at risk of serious harm (stop harumphing at the back!). I assume it's no joke lolloping onto the M25 and stopping speeding traffic. It's also very much against the law. But, in an act of toe-curlingly sickening virtue signalling, Judge Leake said this: "I have heard your voices. "They have inspired me and personally I intend to do what I can to reduce my own impact on the planet, so to that extent your voices are certainly heard. "These are difficult cases for us judges because we have to apply the law and that is what we have sworn our judicial oaths to do." Apply the law judge? Ya think?  At Crawley Magistrates a dozen protesters admitted crimes arising from the action. As well as bum-gluing, one demonstrator stuck himself to a police car and another refused to move out of the way of an ambulance that was transporting a patient to hospital. Horrible stuff to any right-minded person surely. Judges are required to take an oath which says this: "I will do right to all manner of people after the laws and usages of this Realm, without fear or favour, affection or ill-will." And yet here was a judge telling us all how inspiring these muppets were. And yes Mr Leake upheld the letter of the law as he is required to do, but not before leaving us mere mortals with the feeling that theirs was somehow a morally superior sort of crime, hardly a crime at all really, just a little misunderstanding. But the real rub to us sticklers for the democratic process, us rump of gullible idiots still vainly clinging to the notion the system is supposed to work: because of support from people like Mr Leake the law-breaking protesters, with their threats and intimidation, are winning. So much for British rule of law. 