Steve McManaman was left amusingly shell-shocked after Karim Benzema’s stunning Panenka penalty for Real Madrid against Manchester City on Tuesday night. The France international bagged a late spot-kick after a handball from Aymeric Laporte inside the area. And it means his side still have hope of reaching a first Champions League final since 2018. With Real 4-2 down to Manchester City, a penalty was given following a handball from Laporte inside the box. And Benzema duly converted from 12 yards, keeping his cool to chip Ederson and pull his side back into contention. It was a stunning penalty from the 34-year-old, especially when you consider his two recent misses from the spot in Real’s La Liga win over Osasuna. And footage uploaded by BT Sport No Filter shows McMananaman was left shocked by Benzema’s audacity. The former Real and Liverpool star was standing up when the Frenchman converted and was in visible disbelief. Fellow BT Sport pundits Rio Ferdinand and Joleon Lescott were also amazed, with the former Manchester United star saying ‘nah nah nah’. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Benzema’s late penalty came at the end of a stirring contest where City and Real Madrid went at each other right from the very start. City raced into a 2-0 lead with just 11 minutes on the clock after goals from Kevin De Bruyne and Gabriel Jesus. Real then halved the deficit through Benzema, who expertly finished past Ederson despite not even looking at the goal. City restored their two-goal advantage through Phil Foden, only for Vinicius Jr to peg them back. And Bernardo Silva then struck before Benzema scored his Panenka, sparking praise from the footballing world in the process. After his effort from 12 yards, the France international opened up on his technique. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And he also expressed a belief that Real would win the second leg and reach a first final since 2018, back when Zinedine Zidane was manager. "A defeat is never good because we are really excited about the Champions League,” he said. “The most important thing is we never lay down our arms, we are all in this until the end. "Now we have to go to the Bernabeu and we will need our fans like never before and we are going to do something magical, which is win. "I always have it in my head that if you don’t take a penalty, you will never miss a penalty. "That’s mental confidence and that's all. I have a lot of confidence in myself... so I do it and it turns out well." Pep Guardiola, meanwhile, admitted the match had been ‘fantastic’ and praised Real for making it a spectacle. Guardiola said: "It was a fantastic game for both sides. “We did many good things. Unfortunately we conceded goals and we could not score more. But two games and we have another one in one week. "We played a fantastic game against an incredible team. “The moments where they rise and come back into the game in the first half I think we gave them as our build-up was so nervous. “Normally we are so safe and so good. Also they press really good and strong. All around the world and for Manchester City, we are so proud. “But it is about reaching the final and sometimes football happens. We go to Madrid to try to win the game. "We went out of the Champions League to Tottenham when Llorente with the hand. “Today it is a hand for Laporte. It happens. All we can do is perform as we perform. “The quality of Real Madrid is such they can punish you. What we have done with the ball and without the ball, creating chances and chances and chances I can't ask anything else. “I say to the players to rest. Leeds now is the most important thing and we go to Madrid to win. “Both teams want to attack and have the quality to play. Football is a fantastic spectacle. “Congratulations to Carlo and his team as they are so good. At the same time, we saw ourselves that we can be there."