Over the last few months, Buckingham Palace has had to make a series of last-minute announcements regarding the Queen's absence from a number of royal engagements. But under a new strategy, royal aides will now confirm the Queen's attendance only on the day of the event as "the assumption" will be that she will not attend. This comes after the Queen has had a series of health issues. Just last week, she was forced to pull out of the Maundy Thursday service. Prince Charles attended the service in her place. In February, the Queen alluded to having mobility issues during an audience with incoming Defence Services Secretary Major General Eldon Millar at Windsor Castle. In a clip of the meeting, the Queen can be heard saying: "Well, as you can see, I can't move", gesturing to her leg. The following month, the Queen made her first public appearance in months at Prince Philip's memorial service, where she was seen using a walking a stick. However, the 95-year-old monarch has continued to carry out regular duties, with many of them taking place virtually. But speaking about public engagements, a royal source told the Daily Mail: "The assumption must now be that the Queen will not be present at events. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's meeting with Queen could be used in Netflix series "If Her Majesty does attend, it will be decided on the day and she will be accompanied by another member of the Royal Family." The move will put even more emphasis on Prince Charles' role in supporting the Queen. Royal expert Robert Jobson claimed that the mother and son are currently acting as a "dual monarchy". He said: "The Prince of Wales has been doing it for some time. DON'T MISS: 'Harry's expression says it all!' Sussexes body language analysed [INSIGHT] Royal: 'Talking about Prince Harry' gives William 'a headache' [REVEAL] Royal LIVE: Charles fears Jubilee will be Archie and Lilibet 'circus' [LIVE] "The Queen really hasn't had any international travel for many, many years now since 2016. "I think that there's been a dual monarchy since then although it's not been said." Speaking to Us Weekly's Royally Us, he added: "Prince William has certainly been stepping up to the plate alongside Catherine and the Duchess of Cornwall. "All the members of the Royal Family have had to do that to support the Queen but also in light of the death of the Duke of Edinburgh." But, despite the Queen's decision to take a back seat on royal engagements, royal expert Jonathan Sacerdoti claimed the Queen is "unlikely" to give up the throne. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: "I think it would be wrong of us to second guess that especially at the moment when the Queen is going through a period of rest. "I also think that it's unlikely that she would abdicate. "She's always been very clear that that is not part of how she sees the role. "But it is true that she started to share more of the duties and more publicly so with other members of the family."