Mike Phelan is unlikely to stay at Manchester United when Erik ten Hag takes charge, according to reports. The 59-year-old has been back working at Old Trafford ever since the departure of Jose Mourinho in December 2018. However, a second parting of the ways is now on the cards. Phelan was hired to work alongside Ole Gunnar Solskjaer when United opted to sack Mourinho in December 2018. And he was allowed to stay on at Old Trafford to assist Ralf Rangnick when the German was appointed earlier in the season. Now, though, BBC Sport are reporting that Phelan is unlikely to stay at United when Ten Hag takes charge this summer. The Dutchman has his own methods and ideas for the future and the United legend, despite previously being part of the glittering Sir Alex Ferguson era, doesn’t appear to fit into them. It is possible, however, that the Red Devils will still look to the past as they look forward. Reports have suggested Ten Hag would love for Steve McClaren to join him in the Premier League as he looks to make his mark. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The former Newcastle, Derby, England and Middlesbrough boss was No 2 to Ferguson when United won the treble in 1999. It was initially claimed United aren’t willing to bring McClaren back at the current moment in time but, now, new developments point to him coming back. Rene Meulensteen is another coaching option for United as well. These days, the 58-year-old works as No 2 for the Australia national team having struggled to adjust to being a manager himself. But with Ten Hag looking for a winning start, right from the beginning, it’s possible Meulensteen will return to his old employers for a second stint. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players The Dutchman was axed by David Moyes when the Scot replaced Ferguson in 2013, after doing well at Everton. And Meulensteen later criticised that call, saying: “He says he asked me to stay but he didn’t say what he then said after that. “He said, ‘well, I would like you to stay, I know how important you have been for the club and what you have done for the club, but I am going to do it all myself.' “So it was then, 'OK, what is the reason for me to stay?' “That has not been documented and that is why you get all these wrong, mixed messages about why I didn’t stay.” Ten Hag, meanwhile, is looking forward to getting started at United as he looks to build a dynasty at his new club. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It is a great honour to be appointed manager of Manchester United and I am hugely excited by the challenge ahead,” he said. “I know the history of this great club and the passion of the fans, and I am absolutely determined to develop a team capable of delivering the success they deserve. “It will be difficult to leave Ajax after these incredible years, and I can assure our fans of my complete commitment and focus on bringing this season to a successful conclusion before I move to Manchester United.” And Jamie Carragher thinks Ten Hag must make ‘brave decisions’ to ensure he’s a United hit. “He’s got to make brave decisions,” he stated. “I’ve said for a long time in that Manchester United dressing room you’ve got to take out some of those big names and start from afresh with a new, young, energetic team to try and compete with [Pep] Guardiola and [Jurgen] Klopp. “Getting good players in and getting some out. “It’s not rocket science, if he can get two or three signings right, move two or three players on who are maybe causing problems or don’t suit his way of playing. “He’ll revitalise some players and he’ll probably have to add three or four players to the starting XI. “No team is as bad or as far away from success as you think, I know that from experience with Liverpool.”