Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola was involved in an tetchy exchange with Spanish media following his side’s 4-3 victory over Real Madrid on Tuesday night. The two teams played out a Champions League epic at the Etihad Stadium on a night where attacking football was uninhibited. After City had got the better of Atletico Madrid in the first-leg of the quarter-finals earlier this month, Guardiola referred to “pre-history” when discussing Diego Simeone’s side's tactics. His comments drew backlash in Spain on that occasion. And the City boss was more careful with his choice of words when interviewed by Spanish media after his team’s win over Los Blancos as he spoke in monosyllables and short phrases to ensure his comments weren’t misinterpreted. “That's the way it was,” he grumpily told Movistar as he spoke about the end-to-end encounter. Then, when commenting on his players, the 51-year-old said he would “congratulate them,” and only added: “We have played very well.” JUST IN: Man City player ratings vs Real Madrid in the Champions League   “The occasions are sometimes right and sometimes they are missed,” Guardiola continued in a short tone. “We will try to make a good game in Madrid.” And then the former midfielder would not be drawn into talking about the second leg, instead insisting his players would now be turning their attentions to their Premier League clash with Leeds United ahead of next week’s second leg. “Now it's time to play in Leeds, that we play the league - we will see how we get there.” City began their clash with Real in emphatic fashion as they took the lead inside the opening two minutes when Kevin De Bruyne headed home Riyad Mahrez’s delicious delivery into the box. And they doubled their advantage nine minutes later as De Bruyne turned provider for Gabriel Jesus. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag      The Citizens dominated the early stages of the first leg and could have been four goals ahead in the opening half an hour if Mahrez and Phil Foden had kept their cool when presented with decent opportunities. And the hosts were punished when Karim Benzema stroked home Ferland Mendy's cross just after the half-hour mark. Mahrez hit the post moments after the break, before Guardiola’s side restored their two-goal advantage when Foden headed in Fernandinho’s cross. But Real went straight up the other end and added their second of the night as Vinicius Junior raced away to score. City midfielder Bernardo Silva thumped an effort into the top corner with just over 15 minutes remaining. But Real had the final say of the night as Benzema added his second courtesy of an audacious Panenka penalty.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here