Manchester United have been told Erling Haaland does not want to join the club with the Norwegian instead set to pick between Manchester City and Real Madrid, according to reports. The talismanic, 21-year-old goal machine is on course to explore a new venture this summer when his £64million release clause kicks into gear. Haaland is not short of options either with Barcelona and Bayern Munich also believed to be circling after Chelsea failed with an offer last summer before signing Romelu Lukaku. Now things are different and the striker will not be priced out of a move with Haaland set to decide his own fate once his release clause has been triggered. According to ESPN, the forward has already ordered his entourage to tell United he is not interested in joining them. The Red Devils were reportedly ready to match any offer that landed on the table but Haaland is not interested in huge financial packages. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag wants to sign 'two of Ajax's best players' for Man Utd once named new manager Instead, he would prefer to make an informed decision on the basis of a sporting project. That's why City and Real Madrid are at the forefront of his mind as Haaland believes both are capable of winning the biggest prizes. At United, there is an understanding that the team could take time to develop under their new manager - most likely Erik ten Hag. Haaland wants to win silverware and as much as possible, that's why United are no longer an option. READ MORE: PSG 'could sell Lionel Messi and Neymar to MLS this summer' in surprise transfer twistThomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea bossArsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer after consulting Benfica United are not also guaranteed to qualify for next season's Champions League, something Haaland considers a necessity. The prospect of teaming up with Pep Guardiola at Manchester City is one that seems to excite Haaland, despite the Spaniard's expiring contract in 2023. He has a personal affinity to City too given that his father Alf-Inge Haaland played for the club between 2000 and 2003. Back in January, Haaland revealed he was beginning to feel pressure from Dortmund, who wanted a decision on his future imminently. "The last six months, I have chosen not to say anything out of respect for Dortmund," Haaland told Viaplay. "But now the club has started to pressure me into making a decision, but all I want to do is to play football. "But they press me to make a decision now about my future. So that means I have to make a decision soon. "I have said from the beginning that I want to focus on football because that is when I am at my best, not when other things come into my mind. "Now they have put pressure for a while. So it is time to get things started. All I want to do is to play football, but I can't do that now."