Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff has warned the team's performances have been “totally unacceptable” in 2022. He said it was “not an option” to stay where they were after the Silver Arrows struggled on the first two races. Mercedes were slower than Red Bull and Ferrari in both Bahrain and Saudi Arabia and are behind in the points standings Hamilton could only manage a tenth-placed finish in Jeddah to score one point. The seven-time champion now lies almost 30 points adrift of leader Charles Leclerc with George Russell more than 20 behind despite two consistent points finishes. Wolff said: “It is totally unacceptable where we are at the moment on performance. We are third on the road and sometimes not even [that] so it is just not an option to stay where we are.” The team are looking to bounce back in Australia and may have the tools to do so. READ MORE: How Toto Wolff fumed at Lewis Hamilton over car: 'Always difficult' It is believed an upgrade planned for later in the season could be installed on the car in Melbourne. The new aero package was expedited to launch at Imola or Barcelona but could be pushed forward to Australia. This could give Mercedes a fix to their porpoising issues which they believe is part of their problem so far in 2022. After Saudi Arabia, Wolff warned his team would not rest until Mercedes were back fighting near the front of the field. Trackside engineering director Andrew Shovlin also warned the team have an “enormous challenge ahead”. DON'T MISSWolff applauds F1 bosses for rule changes despite Hamilton struggling [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff blown away by George Russell as Mercedes boss laments start [ANALYSIS]Toto Wolff has two skills which could help Lewis Hamilton win title [COMMENT] He said: "It's been a tough weekend and we need to go back and regroup ahead of Melbourne. The circuit here has been more difficult for us than Bahrain and we're under no illusions where we stand at the moment but we need to remain focused and effective. “We have an enormous challenge ahead of us, but over the last eight years the team has been able to get on top of every performance issue that we have faced. We've been able to do that because we have so many talented and dedicated people in the team both in Brackley and Brixworth. “We certainly have our work cut out over the next weeks and months but we are more determined than ever to get ourselves back fighting at the front."