"Eh?" Yup, ladies, that's what the fight for women's equality has boiled down to: a tribunal has just ruled that calling a woman "good girl" amounts to sexual harassment. Frances Fricker took Gartner, a consultancy firm to court, because her boss Giuseppe Ajroldi kept using the phrase despite being told to stop. The culture at the firm was "toxic" and "male-dominated" and so on. Yada yada yada. We've heard it all before. Giuseppe Ajroldi, who also told Frances she was fat, sounds like a prize arse, but one that just about every woman has experienced somewhere down the line. Yes, they are a pain but to rush to the courts? To equate some irritating language with sexual harassment? Apparently, he also tried to kiss her, but to say this experience was so serious it should be heard before a judge? It puts you in mind of that stupid woman who said that Damian Green, a friend of her parents, might possibly have tried to touch her knee, or then again, maybe he didn't, an allegation so nonsensical no normal human being would have given it a second thought, but one which ended up costing him his job. The stupid woman might have thought it was a victory, but it was a pyrrhic one if ever there was. Sometimes a break-up is so bitter that one or both parties seem to spend the rest of their lives trying to destroy the other. Remember Scot and Michelle Young? He claimed his huge riches had disappeared in a failed property venture in Moscow; she pursued him ferociously, a chase that didn't even end after his mysterious death when he fell from the window of a fourth-floor flat. What a waste of her life. Now Johnny Depp and Amber Heard appear to be on the same path: Johnny lost a libel case against Amber in the UK and is now suing for defamation in the States over a piece she wrote saying she was a victim of domestic violence. He's demanding £50million. She's countersuing with a £100million claim. How is this going to benefit either of them? At 35 Amber still has a life ahead of her; at 58 he should know when to let it go. Is there no one who can make this pair of idiots see sense? ----- Rishi Sunak may have done nothing illegal but his judgment was clearly flawed. But Sajid Javid? He has been criticised after revealing that he, too, previously held non-dom status when he was a very successful banker but what exactly is he meant to have done wrong? This was before he entered politics. Does this now mean that anyone who has prospered in life and lived abroad cannot now enter Parliament? That we're doomed to even greater mediocrities than we currently have? ----- Jodie Whittaker's tenure as Doctor Who has been an absolute disaster. But now, just in case the Beeb thought ratings hadn't plummeted enough, in an Easter special (of all things) she will be involved in a same-sex relationship. Would that this once fantastic programme really could travel back in time? ----- I recently dined in a very nice restaurant that had calorie counts on the menu. It steered me away from the asparagus with hollandaise sauce. However, I now know that not only are oysters not fatty, six medium-sized ones weigh in at about 50 calories (that's all together, not each.) Every cloud! ----- A new study reveals that 18-year-olds are more likely to be on Instagram than they are to vote. This is a great relief given the claptrap a lot of them espouse: this is, after all, the Greta Thunberg generation. Who seems to have gone remarkably quiet, of late. ----- Victoria Beckham looked stunning at her son Brooklyn's wedding. Say what you like about David and Tor but they are still married to each other and seem to have a stable of happy and well-balanced children. Let's hope Brooklyn and his new bride Nicola enjoy a similarly joyous union over many years. ----- The residents of Robin Hood's Bay, named after he who stole from the rich and gave to the poor, are up in arms: outsiders buying second homes means the attractive Yorkshire village has been taken over by the wealthy. It is of course not remotely funny for the residents, who are seeing property prices shoot up beyond their reach. But for those of us who always thought Robin Hood sounded like a bit of a menace (I'm Team Sheriff) it's just a bit ironic. Can the Merry Men do nothing to help? ----- The case of the 15-year old girl who was strip searched by police is an absolute disgrace and to cap it all the poor thing was having her period. Grown women would be absolutely mortified at that one, let alone a teenager who is still getting used to it all. But as so often, her supporters are totally undermining their cause by claiming this action was "colonial" on the grounds the girl was black. No it wasn't. These people should grow up.