Deborah James, 40, took to Instagram yesterday to give fans the latest update on her return home. The You, Me & The Big C presenter had spent over four weeks undergoing cancer treatment at the Royal Marsden Hospital. On Saturday, Deborah announced she had been discharged but admitted being back home also presented some challenges. She shared a picture of herself smiling outside the hospital in view of her 401,000 followers. The podcast host captioned the shot: “About last night! I’ve been discharged home! “I’m aware I’ve been quiet on here recently but the last week especially has pushed me to use every ounce of energy to find the strength to get through each day and get home. “I’ve been in hospital for a month and two days, and I cannot tell you how hard it’s been, both mentally and physically to get through this. “It’s pushed me to limits I didn’t think existed despite my previous stays.” The mum-of-two went on: “Of course I’ll share with you why over the coming weeks. “But for now I just wanted to say thank you for all the incredible messages, the kind and thoughtful gestures, the virtual hug of support that has blown me away since I’ve been in hospital. “I’ve got challenges ahead of me, like always, but for now I get the weekend with my family and that is the best thing I could ever ask for.” But being home again meant Deborah got to enjoy the sunshine and the company of her loved ones again. She uploaded a picture of herself relaxing and sunbathing outside with her family. In the caption, the BBC star described the side effects of her medication as she confessed “there have been tears” while she tried to readjust. DON'T MISSAndrea McLean's sadness after being forced to sell home amid show exit [LATEST]Al Pacino, 81, leaves restaurant with Mick Jagger's ex-girlfriend, 28 [PICTURES]Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show [INSIGHT] She wrote: “Not going to lie, going from a month in hospital to being at home isn’t plain sailing. ‘Obviously not weeing in a bowl is soo nice! Or being hooked up 20 hours a days [sic]. “But most of my antibiotic oral switches make me vomit, remembering all the meds is a military mission requiring the whole family, and pain relief. Now I’m actually moving is a whole new ball game that we haven’t got right! “Back in the Marsden first thing anyway, but readjusting is harder than I thought! There have been tears!” Deborah concluded: “Thank god for family and lorazepam!” In a new health update shared via Instagram stories, Deborah said the oral switch antibiotics “didn’t quite work as planned,” so her pain and her liver function were getting worse. She added: “So yesterday was urgent bloods and CT and plan of action (but taking things day by day because that’s the cancer tightrope) is that I can be an outpatient but I need to come into the Marsden for a few IVs each day in the hope it gets it all back under control.” (sic)