The rise could see some 1.8 million Attendance Allowance recipients getting up to £145.60 per year more. Alongside the rise, many have voiced their concerns on when their benefits will be paid this month due to the Easter holidays this week and next.   The 3.1 percent rise for benefits rates and state pension was confirmed in late 2021, in line with the CPI at that time. However since then inflation has skyrocketed to the highest rate in recent memory. Energy bills, which were already expected to climb, are now worrying households as the impact of the Ukrainian crisis is still to be seen. All combined, the cost of living crunch seemingly has no plans to loosen its grip of household budgets. READ MORE: Mother of two ‘distraught’ after losing ‘all the family’s savings’ in convincing scam     Attendance Allowance provides additional financial assistance to people over the state pension age. It offers two different rates, dependant on the type of assistance one requires. The higher rate, which previously sat at £89.60 per week, will from today rise to £92.40. The lower rate was £60 and has now increased to £61.85.  Annually, the increase will see Britons gaining an additional £145.60. The main eligibility criteria for Attendance Allowance is that claimants require some form of assistance or supervision. Those receiving the higher rate generally require this extra care during both the day and night. Whereas lower rate recipients require care either during the day or the night.  It should be noted that it is not necessary for Britons to have a carer or attendant at the time they apply for Attendance Allowance. Rather, they just need to prove they require this care but can then use the money to pay for aids or adaptations that help them retain their independence. The benefit is also not means-tested, meaning it does not take into account one’s income, savings or National Insurance contributions to decide on their award. Successfully receiving Attendance Allowance could see claimants qualifying for other benefits like Pension Credit, council tax reduction or housing benefit.  This Friday, April 15 and next week Monday, April 18, are public holidays due to the Easter weekend. Because of this benefit claimants are cautioned that the DWP offices will be closed. Britons expecting benefit payments on these dates will instead receive their benefit payments on Thursday April 14. This is regardless of whether they are due to be paid on Friday or Monday.