Ricky Gervais, 60, has taken to social media to fully address his reaction to the Oscars 2022 slap controversy. The comedian said he was “really annoyed” when he first heard the news. The After Life actor took the opportunity to hit back at a critical comment he saw regarding the nature of Chris Rock’s alopecia joke. Ricky explained that he thought the unnamed social media user had over-exaggerated the impact of Chris Rock’s shaved head joke, directed at Will's wife Jada Pinkett Smith, who suffers from alopecia. He said, addressing his followers in a live Q&A video on Twitter yesterday: “Someone said it was joking about her disability,” Ricky said, while laughing. He quipped: “Well I’m going a bit thin, so I’m disabled! READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show “That means I can park close right up to Tesco’s now.” The video message was shared with Ricky’s 14.7 million Twitter followers. Fans were quick to jump on to the comments and express their thoughts on Ricky’s views. @Sharon_emmi commented, posing the question: “Do you think comedians should stop hosting the Oscars?” @Antonia89730114 responded, saying: “I’d watch if Ricky hosted again.” @Chloe62692120 said: “Cheers Ricky for brightening up my Birthday with a little tune and a laugh and please don't punch anyone.” @Crankynanky penned in reference to another part of Ricky's video: “The more I watch RG the more I like him. “So very down to earth. Just one request... DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] “Can you pls stop pronouncing David Bowie like... bow of a ship or bow wow??” The update comes after Ricky previously spoke up about his thoughts on the Oscar debacle. He explained that if he was the presenter instead of Chris, he would have joked about Jada's “boyfriend”, rather than her hair. The Office star was asked for his opinion on the now-notorious Oscars moment on social media. The incident occurred last Sunday at the 2022 Oscars, when Chris Rock, 57, who was hosting the ceremony and giving the speech for Best Documentary Feature, decided to quip about Jada’s hair. Jada suffers from alopecia, which causes rapid hair loss. Chris joked in reference to The Matrix sequel actress' shaved head: “Jada, can't wait for G.I. Jane 2.” During Ricky’s show, where he tried out new comedy material in Highgate, north London, the comic explained that he “didn’t have any Will Smith material". He said: “People were going ‘What would have happened if Ricky Gervais had been doing it (hosting Oscars)? “Well, nothing as I would not have made a joke about his wife’s hair. “I would have made a joke about her boyfriend," he added, in show quotes obtained by The Mirror.