People from different households were not allowed to meet but to keep the country going some, such as the emergency services, shop workers and central Government, had to keep working. A lot of these had to work closely together in an effective "work bubble". If they stopped to relax and have drinks and food there was no extra risk. Sir Keir Starmer and his party want to keep this in the news as on other fronts Boris has succeeded with Brexit, the Covid vaccine purchase and rollout and now Ukraine. Labour has to muddy the waters as it has nothing positive to offer. Reading about Partygate again, my heart has been broken, says Christine Smith, from Eastbourne, East Sussex. In March 2020 my father was in a nursing home with no visiting allowed. He died on March 28 and the death certificate said Covid was the cause. There were constant reminders to save our NHS by staying at home. My husband had a pacemaker. He followed the advice. He went nowhere. Then in November he awoke feeling really poorly. I wanted to call our GP but he just wanted to sit in our lounge. He had a cardiac arrest later that day and was in intensive care for days. He moved to a cardiac ward where he caught Covid. The ward was closed to visitors, and when I rang on Christmas Day I was told my husband had died five minutes before I called. We both stuck to all the advice given and now my father and my husband are both dead. Government ministers got a fine and can continue with their lives. Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak should ignore the pathetic ramblings of Labour and the Lib Dems calling for their resignations, says Graham Douglas, from Chatham, Kent. Instead they should focus on those who ratted on them. Boris is the only man to get us through the current problems. Winston Churchill was not without fault and Boris models himself on him, thank goodness. Keep going Boris, the majority is with you. So the Prime Minister Boris Johnson, his wife Carrie and the Chancellor Rishi Sunak are all guilty of rule breaking, says Richard Sherrell, from Towcester, Northants. Who can you trust in politics? It's a joke, they should all go, no one is above the law. It must be a kick in the teeth to those who could not mourn their family passing at the time. I can understand those who lost family and friends during lockdown and being unable to say goodbye, being angry that the PM and others did not keep to the rules, says Geoff Manning, from Lower Kingswood, Surrey. However, things have progressed and Boris is showing he is very capable and his ability to lead us at this time should not be questioned because of "parties" two years ago. I can't see anyone else - certainly not Keir Starmer - who could have responded to the Ukraine crisis in such a positive way. Calling for his resignation now is petty.