Erik ten Hag reportedly didn’t hold back during his interview for the Manchester United job. The 52-year-old was brutal towards Darren Fletcher and John Murtough, ranting about the state of the club and mistakes they’ve made in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement. And that’s exactly what they needed to hear because, frankly, they’ve not got anywhere near enough bang for their £1billion buck. According to The Sun, Ten Hag didn’t hold back when talking with Murtough and Fletcher. He made it clear the United hierarchy have made too many mistakes in the years since Ferguson packed up and quit in 2013. The club’s structure came under fire, though Ten Hag is adamant he doesn’t want the same ‘overall power’ that Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho craved during their respective reigns. And their recruitment was slammed by the Dutchman as well. While it may have been uncomfortable for Fletcher and Murtough to hear such things, they’re now ready to bring the Ajax boss in. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And Ten Hag has delivered the hard truths that the United board have needed to hear for a long, long time. Recruitment, in particular, has been woeful since Ferguson stepped down. Under the Scot, the Red Devils rarely signed a dud. Sure, the likes of Michael Owen, Gabriel Obertan and Bebe towards the end of his reign were all poor - as well as Shinji Kagawa. But most of his signings he got right, even near the end. Robin van Persie was a hit, Javier Hernandez a bargain buy and David De Gea and Ashley Young would later become club stalwarts. Under Louis van Gaal, United went down the Galactico route. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players But Radamel Falcao and Angel Di Maria never lived up to expectations, despite their big reputations within the footballing world. Daley Blind was never suited to the Premier League, while Marcos Rojo was never going to be the long-term Rio Ferdinand replacement the club had been hoping for. Under Jose Mourinho, recruitment was again sketchy. Zlatan Ibrahimovic was a hit, while Paul Pogba has had his moments throughout his second spell at United despite never quite achieving consistency. Eric Bailly, Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Fred and Alexis Sanchez, however, won’t be fondly remembered at Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ole Gunnar Solskjaer got his transfer backing throughout his spell at United, too. But Daniel James was never up to standard, Donny van de Beek rarely played and Aaron Wan-Bissaka has gone backwards by the week since moving from Crystal Palace nearly three years ago. Even Jadon Sancho, Cristiano Ronaldo and Raphael Varane have failed to live up to expectations since arriving from Borussia Dortmund, Juventus and Real Madrid respectively in the summer. And Ten Hag will be hoping to spend money more wisely than his predecessors when he takes charge. For too long, the Glazers and other figures have been able to get away with squandering funds. But in a world where things are just getting pricier, United now need to begin spending their money more wisely. Ten Hag could be the breath of fresh air the Red Devils desperately require. Yet whether United learn from his strong words remains to be seen as they look to reel in Manchester City and Liverpool going forward.