Paramount Network’s hit western prequel series 1883 came to an end in February but despite this fans have exposed some major errors. During the emotional episode which saw Ennis’ (played by Eric Nelsen) unexpected death, viewers noticed a major plot hole.  During the episode titled ‘The Fangs of Freedom' fans were left overcome with emotion after they were forced to say an unexpected goodbye to Ennis. The beloved cowboy was faced with death after the group became overrun with bandits, with one in particular attacking him. The scene became even more heart wrenching for viewers as he and his girlfriend Elsa Dutton (Isabel May) had been planning their future together. Her father James Dutton (Tim McGraw) had also given his blessing for the two to pursue a relationship which appeared to be going smoothly. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces While their hopes came to a staggering halt, viewers noticed something off with the bandits. Sharing the error on moviemistakes.com, a viewer wrote: “When the bandits attack the pioneer's wagons they are chased on horseback by the Captain, Jack and others for quite a distance until Ennis is killed in the confrontation with one of the bandits. They noted: “In the following scenes Elsa is mourning over his body but her mother and others from the wagon train stroll up and the wagons are in the background-all this after a fairly long chase.” With the distance at which the bandits were chased, the viewer does not believe Elsa’s mother Margaret Dutton (Faith Hill) and the group would have made their way back so quickly.   This episode left viewers distraught as a fearful Elsa watched Ennis take his final breath and let out a harrowing scream when she realised he was dead. She met Ennis on the treacherous journey her family and other immigrants were making towards Montana. The Dutton family were moving from Texas in hopes of living a better life, one which would secure their future. Although only season one of 1883 has aired, its sequel series Yellowstone has been a hit since it first premiered in 2018.  DON'T MISS...'We call men boys!' Kriss Akabusi hits back at feminist policing [NEWS]Y 1883: Faith Hill on filming steamy scenes with her husband [INSIGHT]Y 1883’s Ennis star shares real feelings for Elsa and Sam romance [INSIGHT] With John Dutton (Kevin Costner) being James and Margaret’s great-grandson, his highly sought after ranch is where his 1883 ancestors will eventually settle down. After Ennis’ death, many refused to believe the character was truly gone and speculated the actor would return to the set to portray Ennis’ twin brother. During an Instagram live Q&A with fans, Nelsen debunked the rumour and stated: “I wish Jen, unfortunately not though, I really like the way you think, I like where your head’s at.  He continued: “Maybe I can try and slip that into Taylor's [Sheridan] ear and maybe in the next season there might be some sort of twin that could pop up. “As of now, no, but I do really like the question.” While Ennis is unlikely to make a return in season two, fans can expect the Dutton family’s story to carry on as they continue their journey to Montana. While more episodes of the show have been ordered by the network, it was also revealed the second season would be renamed ‘1932’. 1883 is available on Paramount Network. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 