Nicola Sturgeon and Keir Starmer are leading the myriad of demands for the PM to step down as the fines following Downing Street parties devastate the reputation of the Conservative Government. Carrie Johnson, the wife of the Prime Minister, has also been told to expect a fixed-penalty notice (FPN), her spokeswoman confirmed, while the police announce they have delivered more than 50 referrals for fines.  At least 30 more fixed penalty notices will be issued by the ACRO Criminal Records Office, the Metropolitan Police said in its latest update on Operation Hillman, which is looking into breaches of Covid regulations. Sir Keir said: "Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak have broken the law and repeatedly lied to the British public. They must both resign. "The Conservatives are totally unfit to govern. Britain deserves better." Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon tweeted: "Boris Johnson must resign. He broke the law and repeatedly lied to parliament about it. "The basic values of integrity and decency - essential to the proper working of any parliamentary democracy - demand that he go.  "And he should take his out of touch chancellor with him." A No 10 spokeswoman said: "The Prime Minister and Chancellor of the Exchequer have today received notification that the Metropolitan police intend to issue them with fixed penalty notices. "We have no further details, but we will update you again when we do." The COVID-19 Bereaved Families for Justice group has also lent their voices, calling for Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak to step down after their "truly shameless" behaviour. Mr Johnson is understood to have been present at six of the at least 12 events being investigated. Spokesman for the group Lobby Akinnola said it is "unbelievably painful" to know that the PM was breaking his own lockdown rules while families were cut off from their dying loved ones because they followed them, and said there was "simply no way" he could be allowed to continue in his role. READ MORE: Labour warning over SNP’s ‘backward’ opposition to nuclear [REVEAL]  He added: "The fact that the Prime Minister and his Chancellor then lied about it, and would have continued to do so if the police hadn't intervened, is truly shameless. "They broke the law. But even worse, they took us all for mugs." Shadow foreign secretary David Lammy has also joined calls for the Prime Minister and Chancellor to resign, tweeting: "Criminality and lies at the heart of government. Led by the Prime Minister and the Chancellor. "Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak must resign now for breaking the laws they enforced on us all." Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey has opted for a slightly different strategy, calling instead for the Commons’ Easter break to be cut short, so that a no confidence vote can be held for the Prime Minister. He added: "The police have now completely shredded Johnson's claims that no laws were broken. DON'T MISS: Boris returns from horror of Kyiv for dino day out with kids and Carri [REVEAL]Fishing village heartbreak as second homeowners kill community [INSIGHT]Brexit: Golden age! Britain's clout in Europe has INCREASED [ANALYSIS] "He cannot be trusted and cannot continue as Prime Minister. No other leader in any other organisation would be allowed to continue after law-breaking on this scale. If Boris Johnson won't resign, Conservative MPs must show him the door." However, Scottish Conservative leader Douglas Ross has leapt to Mr Johnson's defence, stating that while the public was "rightly furious", and "the behaviour was unacceptable", Mr Johnson shouldn't step down due to the crisis in Ukraine. He said: "In the middle of a war in Europe, when Vladimir Putin is committing war crimes and the UK is Ukraine's biggest ally, as President Zelensky said at the weekend, it wouldn't be right to remove the Prime Minister at this time. "It would destabilise the UK Government when we need to be united in the face of Russian aggression and the murdering of innocent Ukrainians."  As the Downing Street parties were exposed, Mr Johnson jumped between denying any knowledge of them, to suggesting they were only work meetings, and finally to condemning them. A spokesman for the Prime Minister's wife initially called the claim that she had held a party in her official flat to celebrate the PM's former chief aide Dominic Cummings being ousted above No.11 "total nonsense". Today, a spokesman for Ms Johnson said: "In the interests of transparency, Mrs Johnson can confirm she has been notified that she will receive a fixed penalty notice. "She has not yet received any further details about the nature of the FPN." 