The harrowing true ITV drama The Thief, His Wife And The Canoe, depicts the story of Hartlepool couple John (played by Eddie Marsan) and Anne Darwin (Monica Dolan), who committed fraud to claim life insurance in 2002. After John found himself drowning in debts, the former teacher had come up with a plan to fake his own death by making it look as though he drowned while sailing in his canoe with the help of his wife Anne.  The drama which aired on Sunday has been blasted by ITV viewers for the accents mimicked on the show by actors Eddie and Monica. John had faked his own death in 2002 after heading off into the North Sea in a canoe so his wife could claim £250,000 in life insurance. While the four-part series is set in Hartlepool, critics thought the actors missed the mark by quite a few miles. Viewers took to social media to air their frustration over their accent with some slamming the show for its inaccuracies. On Twitter, @veggievicar fumed: “Since when do we have a Geordie accent if we live in Hartlepool….” READ MORE:Death in Paradise star on why BBC bosses made costume 'too big' They continued: “That Seaton Carew canoe story? Please be more accurate….” Another, @dead_star1, shared: “Aside from the accent being completely wrong (they belong 40 miles further North), The Man, His Wife and The Canoe isn't that bad.” In jest, @RobSkilbeck mocked: “The Thief, His Wife, The Canoe and Eddie Marsan doing an accent straight out of Byker Grove, 40 miles north.” However, show writer Chris Lang had hit back at critics and set the record straight to his fans on Twitter. He explained: “It's lovely people are so passionate about their own accents! “John & Anne of course weren't from Seaton Carew, they only moved there in 2002. “They were both born near Blackhall & over the next five decades lived and worked in (to name a few) Newcastle, Chester Le Street & Durham,” the writer confirmed. However, fans pointed out a fundamental mistake in the show after it appeared that John set off in a kayak rather than a canoe.  This was also flagged by fans with @gjmarklew remarking: “I had one problem with #thethiefhiswifeandthecanoe . It looks like a kayak to me.” Whereas @MrRoddyGraham quipped: “Dear ITV, If you have confused a kayak for a canoe so easily, I'm really looking forward to your Titanic drama set on a P&O ferry at Christmas. “Best wishes, Me #TheThiefHisWifeandTheCanoe.” The drama sees John living in a secret bedsit that adjoins the couple's home in Seaton Carew, visiting his wife through a door that connected both properties.   After five years had passed, the two decided to start afresh in Panama, but in 2006, John went to the local police station feigning amnesia. However, the couple had kept their secret from their children who believed their dad had died at sea. Speaking ahead of the series debut, actor Eddie spoke with Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary about his character John, saying: “The seafront [at Seaton Carew] is about the same size as any high street in any town in London's, not very big. "And what I realised was that when he [John] initially went missing and the TV crews came and the emergency services were deployed, it was the biggest thing that had happened in that town for 100 years. “Two days later, he was pronounced dead and two weeks later, he was walking up and down the seafront in a beard with a limp and I really realised how deluded he was and then I had to find out what caused that delusion.    “What I discovered was that young men have this thing as part of growing up called the myth of omnipotence where they believe they're like superheroes, that nothing can conquer them. “And this is a very natural stage to go through why young men read comics and play video games. “Most young men, if they're healthy, they let go of the myth of omnipotence and they realise that they're subject to the same conditions and rules that all of us are but some of them, because of trauma, they can't let go of the myth of omnipotence and they create this kind of narcissistic worldview,” he told the hosts. The Thief, His Wife and the Canoe is available to stream on ITV and ITV Hub. 