Lewis Hamilton has claimed he was “waiting for a Brazilian passport” so he could accept offers to visit the country from sports stars. The server-time champion said he wanted to “spend more time here in Brazil” as he praised its “beautiful culture”. The Mercedes driver claimed international stars such as Neymar always invite him to the country but he “never had the chance”. The 37-year-old was knighted at Windsor Castle ahead of the new season. However, honorary Brazilian citizenship could be on the card with the bill to be voted on in the Brazilian parliament. It was proposed by politician Andre Figueiredo after Hamilton waved the Brazilian flag last year when he won in Sao Paulo. Speaking at the VTEX day keynote event, Hamilton said: “I want to spend more time here in Brazil...It is such a beautiful culture. “I’ve only been to Rio and Sao Paulo, but I want to come back for Christmas, New Year or something. Neymar invites me every year, and Gabriel (Medina) invites me every year, but I never had the chance. “I’m waiting for my Brazilian passport." READ MORE: Leclerc can learn Hamilton lesson to avoid Verstappen issue in Imola The likelihood of Hamilton receiving an honorary citizenship increased after presidential hopeful Ciro Gomes addressed the issue head-on. Posting on Twitter, he said: “Hamilton, you already live in our hearts. With the honorary citizenship, you will be even closer to us.” Above a screenshot of the citizenship rumours, Hamilton posted: “I’d be honoured.” Yesterday, Hamilton showed his admiration for the country by tweeting an image of dozens of Brazilian flags. Hamilton has always had a special love for the country as it was the birthplace of his idol Ayrton Senna. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton and George Russell have 40 percent chance of title win [INSIGHT]Mercedes and Red Bull title odds rated by ex-boss after early setbacks [ANALYSIS]Toto Wolff hits out at F1 jewellery crackdown after Hamilton targeted [COMMENT] The Briton also won his first F1 title in Sao Paulo after a last-lap pass on Timo Glock in 2008. He has won three races at the track with top honours in 2016, 2018 and 2021, The Mercedes lead driver claimed his win last season was the greatest of his career after a monumental comeback. Hamilton was dropped to last place ahead of Saturday’s sprint race after a technical infringement. However, he staged a dramatic comeback, rising to tenth by the end of the sprint race and to victory on Sunday.