  The eldest son of David and Victoria Beckham revealed a couple of days ago that he would now be known as Brooklyn Joseph Peltz Beckham. Meanwhile, his wife also confirmed a name change, as she will now go by Nicola Anne Peltz Beckham.      In an Instagram post featuring a black and white photo from their special night, Nicola announced their new names to her 2.4 million followers. The picture showed the bride, who wore a long white wedding dress paired with lace gloves and a long train, and a dapper-looking Brooklyn in his tux. “Mr. & Mrs. Peltz Beckham,” Nicola penned next to the snap. Brooklyn’s name was also updated on his Instagram, where he shared the same post with his 13.6 million followers. READ MORE: David Beckham ‘gifts' Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz £350k car     He then posted another snap of Nicola showing off the full length of her glamorous wedding dress with the veil pooling out onto the floor. “My beautiful bride,” Brooklyn captioned the post with two red love heart emojis. Nicola also posted a sweet tribute to her father, Nelson Peltz, who could be seen walking hand in hand with the bride. She wrote: “Thank you for the most beautiful weekend of my life.      “You're the wind beneath my wings,” she added. Brooklyn and Nicola got married this weekend in a £3million ceremony at the bride’s family residence in Palm Beach. The couple began dating in 2019, with Brooklyn popping the question to the glamorous model less than a year later. Nicola is also an actress, and has starred in roles both on the big and small screen. READ MORE... Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show [LATEST] Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [LATEST] GMB’s Alex Beresford announces engagement after romantic proposal [NEWS]       She made her acting debut in 2006 Christmas film Deck the Halls, but is most well known for her roles in TV series Bates Motel (2013 to 2015) and the 2014 film Transformers: Age of Extinction. Her father Nelson is a billionaire businessman, while her mother is model Claudia Heffner. Nelson is chairman of The Wendy’s Company and Sysco and has made investments in companies such Heinz, Domino’s Pizza and Tiffany & Co. Like Brooklyn, Nicola comes from a big family, with one sister, three brothers and three half-brothers.      Brooklyn is Victoria and David’s eldest child, with two brothers and one sister. Romeo, 19, is next, followed by Cruz, 17 and then finally Harper, 10. Brooklyn’s wedding was a high-profile event thanks in large part to his hugely famous parents. His dad David is remembered as one of the best footballers of all time, while his mum Victoria was one fifth of the incredibly successful pop group the Spice Girls.   