Manchester City's Aymeric Laporte has stirred up the rivalry with Liverpool by insisting Pep Guardiola's side have "nothing to be envious" of as the defender risks giving the Reds extra motivation for their upcoming Etihad meeting. The Premier League returns this weekend with both Liverpool and City restarting their push for the title. City's draw with Crystal Palace last time out helped push Liverpool to within one point off the top of the table heading into the final stretch. Liverpool take on Watford tomorrow in the early kick-off which could see them move ahead of City at the top before the current league leaders take on Burnley. But all eyes will be on next weekend's fixture at the Etihad when Liverpool take on their arch-rivals. Both teams have been dominating the Premier League for the past few years, although City hold the advantage with four league titles from the last five seasons. Liverpool's only title came in 2020, but Jurgen Klopp's side are on a roll of late having won nine consecutive games. That's forced City to look over their shoulders heading into the final stretch, although Laporte still doesn't fear Liverpool; comments he will hope don't come back to bite him. JUST IN: Liverpool receive boost over possible Salah replacement Adeyemi  “City can’t be afraid of anyone,” Laporte told The Guardian. “Something like this happened a few years ago: [Liverpool] were a point behind in the same week, and in the end we won the league. “We have this fight now and that’s good for the fans, and neutrals. The football we play, no one else plays in the world. We’re an example of how to play nice football, to be superior in all areas. I think they’d like even part of our game. “As for us having something of them: taking chances and benefiting from opponents’ errors a little more, because often we have the opportunity and don’t take it. We let the other team off. But there’s nothing to be envious about.” DON'T MISS  Speaking earlier last month, Guardiola praised Liverpool's title challenge while paying them a huge compliment. “Liverpool is the toughest opponent I’ve ever faced in my 12, 13 years as a manager,” said Guardiola. “Liverpool in the past few years have been outstanding. "To fight with them, and be with them means after big success in domestic trophies and titles, this is the biggest achievement as a manager I’ve done in my career.”