When Sarah Daniel, 33, broke into William 'Billy' Jackson's home, the pensioner went into cardiac arrest. A court heard Daniel and her partner Leanne English, 39, hatched a plan to trick their way into the property. Mr Jackson, 71, died as a result of the "stressful ordeal," Newcastle Crown Court was told. Mr Jackson's neighbour heard voices and the sound of the front door opening. When he saw figures emerging from the house he gave chase but they got away and he returned to find the pensioner, who had heart disease, diabetes and mobility issues, slumped on the kitchen floor and unconscious. Mr Jackson was rushed to hospital but died there following further cardiac arrests, Chronicle Live reports. English did not take part in the burglary in Washington, Tyne and Wear, in September last year, the court heard.But both she and Daniel were, today, found guilty of offences at Newcastle Crown Court. Daniel, from Washington, was found guilty of manslaughter and conspiracy to burgle Mr Jackson, and aggravated burglary and two counts of fraud in relation to another pensioner, Barry Clark.English, also from Washington, was found guilty of conspiracy to burgle Mr Jackson and common assault on Mr Clark.Their friend David Bulmer, also of Washington, was convicted of aggravated burglary in relation to Mr Clark, but not guilty of manslaughter and conspiracy to burgle Mr Jackson. He had admitted presence at the burglary of Mr Jackson but denied any wrongdoing.Mr Jackson's severe mobility issues meant he used a scooter to get around outside and would spend most of his time at home sitting in a fishing chair in his kitchen as it was the most comfortable position he could achieve, so much so he slept there too.Daniel targeted the pensioner on September 24, last year.  Jamie Hill QC, prosecuting, said: "Paramedics kept Mr Jackson alive until he reached hospital but he say died in the early hours of the next morning after a series of further cardiac arrests. "We say he died because he was subjected to that stressful ordeal. The pathologist who carried out a post mortem said he would not have died at that moment were it not for the stressful event that we say happened. "The prosecution says any sober, reasonable person would realise if you burgle somebody's home while they are present, that's an act that exposes that person to the risk of some harm. That extends to shock." Daniel and English "took advantage" of Mr Clark after befriending him in Washington days before Mr Jackson's burglary. Mr Hill said: "We say they took advantage of him. "He was the victim, initially, of an assault and a fraud then he was beaten in his own home and items were taken during the course of an aggravated burglary by Daniel and Bulmer."   The court heard Mr Clark had allowed Daniel and English to borrow money on occasions but refused when they failed to pay him back. In June last year, English grabbed Mr Clark and held him in an underpass while Daniel took his wallet from his jeans pocket, containing his bank card and phone. She is then said to have run off and withdrawn £290 fraudulently, leaving just £10 in the account. Daniel and Bulmer went to Mr Clark's home around 12pm, before pushing him down the hallway and into the living room. The court heard Bulmer "screamed" that he owed his friend money and hit his legs with a metal baseball bat, causing injuries, while Daniel took his wallet, containing £30, from his pocket. It's said she then took £200 cash from a coffee table. The pair are said to have gone to a local shop and bought items with the stolen card before returning it through his door. All three were remanded in custody and will be sentenced on July 8.