Quentin Willson, an ex-Top Gear presenter and the ambassador of FairCharge, told Express.co.uk that the overall costs of running an electric car are much cheaper than those of a combustion car. The TV presenter also claimed that the second-hand values of EVs are going up. As the significant and detrimental effects of climate change loom, paired with the current fuel crisis raising prices of petrol and diesel to record highs, the UK public is increasingly turning to alternative methods of transport - and this includes a swift migration to electric cars. Research carried out by Next Green Car showed a growth of 74 percent in registered electric cars since 2020. On top of that, the number of electric vehicles bought in the UK in March alone was higher than during the entirety of 2019. British drivers registered nearly 40,000 new electric vehicles last month. READ MORE: The UK council that issues the most bus lane fines makes £3.7million This in turn made March’s figures the highest on record for a single month. When asked about the data, Mr Willson said that he is not surprised as the overall costs of running an EV are much cheaper compared to combustion cars. The TV presenter added: “The overall cost of ownership, say I don’t know, over four years is significantly less than the one of a combustion car. "We’ve also got data that shows that electric cars are 20 percent more likely to pass their MOT than diesel and petrol cars because they’ve got no emission kit on and stuff like that." DON'T MISS Speeding offences named as the most common car crime [REVEAL] Cyclist hits out at driver who braked and injured him [SHOCKING] Warm weather driving habits could land drivers with fines up to £5,000 [WARNING] Mr Willson also highlighted that the second-hand values of electric vehicles are going up. He said: “That has a benefit in terms of your re-sale price." He continued: “It’s not factually accurate now to say that it’s more expensive to run an electric car because it’s actually not. “If you’ve taken all these costs, the zero maintenance, zero fuel, the zero road tax, the very limited appreciation, and the fact that you’ll pass MOTs better, those total costs are now less than the combustion car.“ Research from GEUK and business data platform Statista shows that while it costs around £60 to fill a family car for 300 miles of driving, the same distance costs just £12 in an electric vehicle (EV). With the average driver doing around 8,000 miles per year that works out to a staggering £1,280 saving by running an EV. That also means petrol car owners are spending around five times as much on fuel as their EV owning equivalents. According to the latest Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy data, average UK electricity prices per kWh were 18.9p for 2021. With this in mind, it would mean the cost of charging a 60kWh electric car for 200 miles of range would be between £11 and £12. EDF Energy said: “Electricity costs much less than petrol or diesel and electric cars require less maintenance than an internal combustion engine (ICE). “In addition, there are various incentives offered such as Government grants or schemes, Vehicle Excise Duty discounts or exemption, and also exemption from Fuel Duty.” Charging costs vary depending on the charge point network as well as the location of the charge points, but on average, it’s reported it costs a fifth of the price of fuel. EDF Energy said: “Many local authorities offer a pay per session approach to on-street chargers. Occasionally they can be free to use if you have access to a network subscription.” Costs also depend on the power rating of the charger you’re using as well as the car’s battery size, and timing can take anything from 30 to 60 minutes, to 10 hours. Prices are measured by pence per kilowatt-hour (kWh), and Pod Point rapid chargers. for example, cost 23p/kWh at Lidl and 24p/kWh at Tesco. This works out to around £6-7 for 30 minutes of charging (and for an average EV, this amounts to about 100 miles of range).