The presenter and guests on Thursday's Jeremy Vine talked about farmers' calls for a rise in the cost of milk in order to accommodate extra money they are having to fork out as prices go up. Some, including Jeremy, pointed out they could "take the hit" with milk because everyone is facing increased prices at the moment. This led to Sally from Devon calling in to yell at Vine as she angrily suggested he take a pay cut. Ranting about some of the reaction to the fact a farmer had appeared via video link to discuss the issue, Sally seemed increasingly frustrated. "It's the price of electrics gone up, the price of oil's gone up, the diesel," she went on as Vine smirked. She added: "He's [the farmer guest] not going to go ploughing up fields with a horse! "You can plough an acre a day with a horse!" as a baffled Vine held up his hands to stop Sally. READ MORE: Kate Bliss children: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? "Sally, wait!" he begged, but the caller continued to rant, going on to argue: "He still has to pay for it!" "I know!" Jeremy yelled back. "But we're saying, 'look, everyone's having to take a hit, shouldn't we say to the farmers please can you take a hit on milk?'" He pointed out: "Because that's something we all need in our fridges." Seeming flustered, Sally replied: "For years, Jeremy... if you took as much... you need to take a hit on how much money you take home, perhaps." Laughing, Jeremy asked: "How's that going to help somebody who hasn't got milk?" Sally shouted: "Your cost goes up four times, perhaps you should take a four-time cut in your salary!" The host repeated: "But how does that help someone who hasn't got any milk? "I mean... we're drifting here, Sally. I think that whole scene at the farmyard has thrown us." DON'T MISS... Meghan's ‘Archetypes’ trademark mocked by Vine 'Embarrassing' [VIDEO]Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage [LATEST]BBC Breakfast viewers fume over 'ice man' segment: 'This is dangerous [REACTION] Sally was then cut off as a smirking Jeremy moved swiftly on. Other viewers were quick to comment on the fiery interaction and took to social media to share their thoughts. Twitter user Maxine wrote: "#JeremyVine - Caller Sally, you go girl. Tell it like it is. Yes, JV, take a cut in your numerous salaries." @AJB12309657 penned: "Sally questions Vine about his salary so Sally gets cut off #jeremyvine." "Calm down, Sally. #jeremyvine," @Coxy_Girl_ remarked, while Stan Matthias commented: "Jeremy got shot of her sharpish." @Phil_3000 joked: "She won't be allowed on again. Old Jeremy didn't like that one bit." Marie posted: "Not one person is talking about Brexit… the main reason for the proposed rise in milk is they’re not getting the EU subsidies they were once getting #jeremyvine." The Jeremy Vine team then moved on to discuss the chaos hitting certain airports. Jeremy Vine airs weekdays at 9.15am on Channel 5.