A temporary change to the state pension is occurring this weekend, and it may affect hundreds of thousands of people. Certain individuals are to receive an earlier state pension payment due to the upcoming bank holiday. This year, the early May bank holiday falls on Monday, May 2, which is only days away. Today, April 29, therefore marks the last working day before the bank holiday. As such, the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has a policy to endeavour to issue early payments to state pensioners, before it closes over this period. The early payment ensures people do not go longer than necessary without the financial support they need. READ MORE: State pension mapped: The areas where you could retire for less The changes happen on every bank holiday, but will affect different people. So, who can expect to be paid early? State pension payments are issued on every weekday according to a person’s National Insurance number. To check, Britons will need to look at the last two digits of this number. DON'T MISSSavings update as Britons could secure extra £1,200 [UPDATE]State pension age could be decided by ‘postcodes’ - ‘nightmare!' [ANALYSIS]Pensioners urged ‘always start’ with key document for state pension [EXCLUSIVE] Those with digits 00 to 19 have a Monday payment date, and it is Tuesday for digits 20 to 39. Wednesday payments are made to those with the numbers 40 to 59, and Thursday payments to numbers 60 to 79. Finally, payment on a Friday can be expected for those with digits 80 to 99. Those who were looking out for their pension to be paid on Monday, May 2 will be affected by the change. Therefore individuals with numbers 00 to 19 should look out for an earlier state pension payment today. The Government has confirmed payments could change over the bank holidays throughout the year. On its website, the DWP states: “You might be paid earlier if your normal payment day is a bank holiday.” For the state pension, the first payment is received within five weeks of a person reaching state pension age. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Individuals should get a full payment after this point, every four weeks. Some people may get part of a payment before their first full payment in certain circumstances. At present, the full new state pension is £185.15 per week. Some individuals may get less if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. The full basic state pension is £141.85 per week.