Prince Harry and Meghan Markle welcomed their second child, a daughter named Lilibet Diana in June 2021. The couple also share a son, Archie Harrison, who was born two years before. Archie's christening was held two months after his birth but Lilibet has not had a christening yet. The family currently reside in the US and it has been reported that a christening for Lilibet is unlikely to take place in the United Kingdom. Speaking on a recent video on his YouTube channel, Neil Sean's Daily News Headlines, royal expert Neil Sean discussed the young royal's "unlikely" christening. Mr Sean said: "One of the biggest sticking points, I've been told by a very good source, was that if the problem of the christening between the Royal Family could have been resolved so that his daughter Lili Diana could have been christened over here in the United Kingdom" He noted that the christening could have taken place at "Saint George's chapel in Windsor" where the two got married. "Things would have had a whole different perspective", claims the royal expert. He added: "According to that source, Harry felt he was sort of being wheeled out for family events but whenever he needed something, it simply wasn't there". READ MORE: Lilibet could meet Prince Charles and Camilla for first time in Canada during royal trip On a previous video on his channel, Mr Sean claimed that it was Prince William who "put his foot down" against the Sussexes holding Lilibet's christening in the UK. He claimed: "According to a very good source, Prince William was the one who basically said 'no, we don't think this is going to work,' it wasn't a particularly good idea." Prince William's relationship with his younger brother has been strained in recent years. The brothers, who used to be very close, have not spent much time together since Prince Harry and Meghan stepped down from their role as a working royals. The pair were briefly reunited twice last year. The first time was at Prince Philip's funeral in April 2021 and then again in the July at the unveiling of a statue commemorating their late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales. READ MORE: Kate and William ban their children from using social media - '100 percent disagree' Prince Harry and Meghan have yet to make a return to the UK together since stepping down. However, the pair are set to make a European visit this weekend. Prince Harry will attend the Invictus Games in the Netherlands and it has been confirmed, Meghan is set to join her husband on the trip. The couple are expected to be followed by a Netflix documentary crew throughout the Games. They previously announced a Netflix show about the Games, titled Heart of Invictus. The Games is an international sporting event for wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women, both serving and veterans. Prince Harry founded the tournament after his own tour of duty in Afghanistan. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] Aside from the Netflix documentary, Meghan is due to release her own project this summer. The project is a podcast series and, according to the official announcement, will "investigate the labels that try to hold women back." Spotify announced the first podcast series in partnership with Archwell Audio, a company owned by Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. The podcast series will feature conversations with women and experts about how these typecasts shape narratives, according to Spotify.