Nor in promised new employment laws that would outlaw the disgraceful “fire and rehire” scam, Sir Keir Starmer would have been excused for thinking last week’s appearance on the exclusive Call Keir slot on my LBC breakfast show had gone without a hitch. He was to be proved very wrong. The last caller before he was to leave the studio was from Scotland. She raised valid concerns over whether it was fair for Lia Thomas, the American college swimmer transitioning to a woman, to compete in the women’s finals in the next Olympics. Suddenly, Sir Keir didn’t seem able to be clear on anything. Seeking clarification and trying to get a substantive answer one way or the other, I put this simple question to him: “A woman can have a penis?” Let me be the first to admit this wasn’t on the level of how to bring an end to poverty or what is the cure to inflation, but it had Starmer stumped. Just read his response: “I’m not…I don’t think we can conduct this debate with…you know…you know.” Watching as he appeared to tie himself in knots, I chipped in with: “Sorry, have I offended you?” That elicited the following: “No, no, no… I don’t think discussing the issue in this way helps anyone.” Last week also saw Sir Keir launch the national campaign for the upcoming local council elections, but it doesn’t seem unreasonable to assume that the wise folk of former Labour strongholds such as Bishop Auckland, Bassetlaw and Redcar are not likely to be impressed by a politician who seems unable to say what a woman is. Compare Sir Keir’s obvious “non-answer” with what Boris Johnson said in the House of Commons just two weeks ago: “We must recognise that when people want to make a transition in their lives they should be treated with the maximum possible generosity and respect – but when it comes to distinguishing between man and woman, the basic facts of biology remain overwhelmingly important.” Surely even the most rabid campaigner would struggle to find fault with that. It succinctly sums up the support that should be afforded to anyone who is trapped in the wrong body, but also doesn’t attempt to rewrite plain, scientific facts. And the leader is not the only one in the Labour Party at odds with the gender agenda. When I asked Shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves if it was transphobic to suggest only a woman could have a cervix, she blustered: “I don’t even know how to start answering these questions.” Rather bizarrely, her front bench colleague Yvette Cooper said she didn’t want to go down a “rabbit hole” when asked to define a woman. While Anneliese Dodds, Shadow Secretary of State for Women and Equalities, said: “It does depend on the context surely.” Labour has allowed itself to fall captive to the small but supremely well organised and increasingly vocal campaign group behind this new fanaticism. Just as it buckled to the pressure applied by the Momentum movement under its previous leader, it has yielded once again here. And as Labour dithers, writer JK Rowling continues to be the subject of vicious and unfounded attacks for simply speaking her mind and Father Ted creator Graham Linehan breaks down after he revealed his support for women’s rights has cost him his career and even his marriage. Ask yourself this: how likely is it that a politician who struggles to define what a woman is would be able to confront Vladimir Putin, or serve as Prime Minister?