Fraudsters are sending emails that claim to come from TV Licensing. The message says that their direct debit have failed and they need to pay to avoid prosecution. It also offers people six months free TV licence, as a way to entice customers to enter their account details. To get this offer, Britons are promoted to click a link. This link will go to a fake page to scam people in to giving their personal and banking details. Lloyds Bank are urging Britons “don’t click on the link”.  READ MORE: Gold: Britons urged to consider a ‘far better option’ for cash than bank accounts Keep your money and details safeBritons should never move money, make a payment or give personal or banking details for a message that comes out of the blue. Click with carePeople should only click on a link or download an attachment if you’re sure it’s genuine. Look at the spelling and layoutIf the email has mistakes or looks odd in any way, “don’t reply and delete”. Britons should look over messages to check for any mistakes.  Take your timeA scam may use warnings or threats to try to get someone to act without thinking. Double-check before payingBritons should confirm payment details before they pay an invoice or bill. They can call the person or business on a number they trust, not one from an invoice or message. Fraudsters can send emails and texts to try to scam people. Their goal is to steal details and money.   The email showcases that phishing scams can often be quite realistic, using similar terminology and sign offs that the genuine TV Licensing team would use. However, TV Licensing offers advice on their website illustrating what customers should look for specifically in suspected scam emails to identify whether it is genuine. TV Licensing notes that they will always include customers’ names in the email which can sometimes also be accompanied by a part of their postcode. With this in mind, any emails which begin with the likes of "Dear Customer" will likely be a scam. Emails will also be sent from donotreply@tvlicensing.co.uk or donotreply@spp.tvlicensing.co.uk or noreply@paypoint.com for TV Licensing payment card customers who make mobile payments through the TVL Pay app. Customers can check the email address of the sender by selecting the sender’s name. TV Licensing noted that scammers will hide the true email address they are using.