Jess Archer, 33, is a mother-of-one from Wales who has been following a vegan meal plan for the past five years. The dieter claims that besides helping her lose weight, going vegan "made her better in bed". How? Jess explained: “The extra weight I was carrying dropped off the first year, so I felt a lot lighter, more focused and energised (although, do excuse the new mother-baby weight gained)." In terms of her sex life, Jess admitted she had "always had pretty good stamina". However, everything improved when she started following a plant-based diet. "Feeling less sluggish after a meat-heavy meal, I found I could keep going for a lot longer," she explained. READ MORE: Dr Michael Mosley shares how to burn calories by standing up more  Jess continued: “I think it's easier to tell you the difference between how vegans and non-vegans taste and I can be honest in saying that vegans taste way more satisfying. "I am a big believer in you are what you eat and your vagina gives this away. "To add though, I have been told I taste amazing,” she joked. “I think I am much better in bed as again, I feel less sluggish and heavy when consuming meat-based products. When you feel more energised and light, you can keep going and going.”  Following a plant-based diet has many health benefits, and experts at plant-based and gluten-free food brand Simply Green Foods explained one of the main ones is weight loss. They said: "Plant-based foods are often lower in calories than animal-based foods, making it easier to be in a calorie deficit. "Also, most plant-based foods contain significantly less saturated fat, which promotes a healthier diet." Other health benefits include a reduced risk of developing type 2 diabetes and lower blood sugar levels. Following a healthy and varied diet and losing weight boosts self-esteem, and when people eat healthily, they look better and feel better about themselves. Psychologist Karen Zager explained: "If you feel good about yourself, you are in a better position to feel good about relationships, including your sex life." Director of the Berman Women’s Wellness Center, Jennifer R Berman, added: “There’s a growing body of evidence that some of the vitamins and components in foods can enhance sexual function and sexual experience." Feeling better means there is more stamina in the body, which is the energy needed to sustain physical effort for a prolonged period of time. Healthline explained dieters who want to improve their sex performance need to avoid some foods. "Avoid cheese and bread," the health site said. "On the more immediate side of things, cheese and bread don’t digest or absorb well in the body. They’re high in FODMAP (fermentable oligosaccharides, disaccharides, monosaccharides, and polyols). This means they could lead to high levels of gas or cramps — maybe even during your date!"