Earlier today (April 13), the Office for National Statistics (ONS) confirmed that inflation had increased to a 30-year high of seven percent. This is a significant rise from the 6.2 percent rate reported by the statistics institute in February 2022. Previously, experts had predicted an increase to 6.7 percent but inflation soared past initial expectations.  As a result, financial analysts are looking towards the Bank of England which will have to make a decision next month regarding interest rates, in the hope of mitigating damage to the economy. Some experts believe interest rates could be raised by 0.25 percent next month to address the cost of living crisis. This would mean the Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) would increase the base rate to one percent. Last month, the financial institution announced the base rate would be raised to 0.75 percent, the third consecutive rate hike this year. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  This latest announcement from the ONS comes as the cost of living reaches a breaking point for millions of people across the country. At the beginning of the month, the energy price cap rose by 54 percent which will see the average household gas and electricity bill rise by £693 a year. As well as the pressure placed on energy bills, the war in Ukraine has exacerbated the country’s economic woes following sanctions on Russia. Thomas Pugh, an economist at RSM UK, believes the bank is “under pressure” to raise rates in May after today. “The huge rise in prices will mean there is likely to be very little growth in GDP in the second half of the year,” Mr Pugh explained. “Indeed, our forecasts suggest GDP growth will average just 0.1 percent in each of the remaining three quarters of this year. “So while we aren’t forecasting a recession at the minute, it would not take much of a rise in oil prices or a disruption in supply chains to push the UK into one. “Even so, we still expect the MPC to raise interest rates in May by 0.25 percent, before pausing any further increases in the second half of the year as economic growth weakens.” Upon announcing the base rate would be raised, the Bank of England’s MPC cautioned investors and savers that inflation could reach as high as eight percent later this year. Paul Craig, portfolio manager at Quilter Investors, warned that further increases to the country’s inflation rate are set to happen down the line and questioned the Bank of England’s judgement. He said: “Alongside the Bank of England’s most recent interest rate hike came the prediction that inflation would hit eight percent later this spring. “The Bank has underestimated the extent of inflation in previous forecasts and given this month’s increase, there could be even worse to come than previously feared.” Despite the forecast of a 0.25 percent raise to the base rate, banks have received criticism for not passing this boost to their customers via their savings products. In light of the cost of living crisis, savers will be hoping to see greater returns in order to survive in the months ahead. Laura Suter, head of personal finance at AJ Bell, added: “While banks are very quick to pass on any base rate increases to their mortgage customers, savers have to wait longer and many won’t see any increase at all. “Lots of people’s savings are just sitting in their current account or old savings account, earning 0.01 percent. And these people likely won’t see an increase in the interest rate they’re being paid, instead banks will pocket the difference to boost their profits."