Bosses at Positive Action in Housing, which is based in Glasgow city centre, said the charity is receiving direct reports from young Ukrainian women fleeing the war, who claim registered sponsors have contacted them to offer them homes with an apparent expectation for sex. It comes as 16 refugee and anti-trafficking organisations warned of the programme's insufficient safeguards to protect women and children in a letter to communities secretary Michael Gove. GlasgowLive reports that in one case reported to Positive Action In Housing, a man reportedly asked a Ukrainian woman to send photos of herself after she sought information about Homes for Ukraine on social media on March 14. This was the day before the scheme opened. The woman politely declined to send photos. He reportedly replied: "Phase One is open on Friday. There are some people who are interested in coming to my house. So I need to make a decision. I am a doctor and live alone in a big house." The man is understood to have sent photos of himself sitting in first class on a plane, a picture of his sports car, and the rooms in a luxury house, including a hot tub, Glasgow Live reports. The woman responded: "I'll probably use the official application, as I don't trust anyone in such a situation coming to a foreign country… I'm not looking for dating. And I know what some people use it for, I'm also not into some kind of escort." He said: "I am doing this through the official route. I have registered and I can nominate one person."   The man then sent a screenshot of his official confirmation email from the UK Government’s Homes for Ukraine Scheme followed by an offer of an "arrangement". The quote added: "So, free accommodation, food, expenses, plus a monthly allowance. The other option for you is to register with charities in which case you will allocated randomly." The young woman then told him she was fleeing with her mother, after which he declined to help. Refugee homelessness charity Positive Action in Housing launched Room for Refugees in 2002, the longest established refugee hosting programme in the UK. The charity said they are currently arranging sponsors for 593 Ukrainian families and young people, around 300 in war zones and three people under 21.   Director Robina Qureshi said: "We are right now observing safeguarding breaches and unsafe situations on an industrial scale as a result of the Homes for Refugees Scheme. "We are worried that Ukrainian refugees, especially children and young people as young as 13, confuse the official registered email from Homes for Ukrainians sent to those who sign up to the government register, and think the 'sponsor' is legitimate and cleared. "Over five hundred Ukraine families, children and young people have contacted us for advice with visas and sponsors. The numbers of children and young people seeking to travel alone is alarming and unprecedented. Their parents are determined to get them out of war zones and are turning to social media to find 'sponsors.' "We would not send foster children or children about to be adopted onto social media to find new mothers and fathers. So why are we doing this to the children of Ukrainians? "Across the water, Ireland expects to take in up to 200,000. This country must do what every other country in Europe is doing right now, roll up our sleeves work hand in hand with NGOs and registered volunteers and let Ukrainians enter the UK. "Drop the sponsorship and visa requirements so that people do not need to wait in war zones or be targets for people traffickers and people with the wrong intent on social media."  