Mark Charnock, who stars as Marlon Dingle on Emmerdale, has shared many scenes of late with actress Elizabeth Boag, who plays nurse Gail, in the ITV soap. She has now shared that her brief time on the programme has come to an end. The Marlon Dingle star, 53, whose character recently suffered a devastating stroke, took to his Twitter page to wish the actress well. It comes after she took to the micro-blogging site and shared her time in the Dales had come to a close. In an emotional Tweet, Elizabeth wrote: "Bye Gail! Thank you @markcharnock, @ZoeHenry03, all the cast, crew and casting team @emmerdale. Loved every minute!" In view of his 186,000 followers, Mark was quick to reply, as he wrote: "You were wonderful in the part, Liz! Just superb xx." READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood slams 'desperate' BBC critic urging her not to smile Corrie fans also reacted to the news, as many praised Elizabeth's performance on the soap. Twitter user, Donna wrote: "Gonna miss you! Thank you!" Rob Clarke tweeted: "Great actress, lovely smile and most importantly you made the character believable. You have a good future ahead of you... looking forward to seeing what you do next." Anthony Biggs remarked: "You were great, loved the character of Nurse Gail. I sensed a frisson of attraction from Marlon when he said goodbye... I do hope the writers will use you again. Good luck in your future work."  "Fantastic performance from the whole cast for Marlon's stroke. This was outstanding TV showing not only the effects on Marlon but also on those close to him. Nurse Gail, brilliant. This has not been easy to watch, nor should it, but real credit," Paul Williams added. During recent scenes aired on Emmerdale, the Marlon Dingle actor was hospitalised after he suffered a stroke. As Marlon continues his journey to recovery following his stroke, his loved ones - more particularly his fiancée Rhona Goskirk (played by Zoe Henry) - are eager to get him home. During his treatment, he was supported by nurse Gail on his road to health. DON'T MISS... Countryfile's Helen Skelton seen without wedding ring after split[LATEST]Ruth Langsford's husband Eamonn issues plea to 'unsung hero' at ITV[TV]Phillip Schofield admits he's deleted Twitter over 'vile' trolls[TWITTER] Marlon's teenage daughter phoned the ambulance, contributing to saving his life when she found him in Smithy Cottage earlier this month. Yet nurse Gail's departure doesn't necessarily mean Marlon's health woes have come to a close. In upcoming spoilers, the Emmerdale chef may suffer another health setback, as he struggles to breathe after a mistake. It came as Marlon is busy adjusting to his new life in Smithy Cottage upon his return from hospital. In the hospital, Rhona’s sick with worry to learn Marlon has developed aspiration pneumonia. According to the doctor, pneumonia will likely make Marlon's progress regress and the couple are heartbroken by the step backwards. The chef is seen wearing a breathing mask as his coughing worsens. Emmerdale airs tonight on ITV at 7.30pm. 