Ignoring an ultimatum of ‘lay down your arms or die’, the thousand or so defending troops opted to fight on from the steel plant where they have been holed up for weeks. Despite operating in wretched conditions and now extremely low on ammunition, the Ukrainian marines refused Russia’s offer to surrender. And Ukrainian Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal yesterday vowed that the soldiers would fight to the bitter end. "The city still has not fallen," he said. “There is still our military forces, our soldiers, so they will fight until the end. And as for now, they still are in Mariupol." In response, the Kremlin’s forces surrounding the all-but-destroyed southern port - which has been pounded with missiles daily since the start of the conflict - yesterday began restricting all access in the hope of starving the remaining resistance to death. The increasingly desperate situation led Ukraine’s foreign minister to warn that Mariupol simply “doesn’t exist anymore”. Dmytro Kuleba said after being under relentless Russian bombardment for seven weeks, the once beautiful port had essentially been removed from the map. "The situation in Mariupol is both dire militarily and heartbreaking. The city doesn't exist anymore," he said. "The remaining of the Ukrainian army and large group of civilians are basically encircled by the Russian forces. "They continue their struggle, but it seems from the way the Russian army behaves in Mariupol, they decided to raze the city to the ground at any cost." But in spite the horrendous conditions, some military analysts believe that the Ukrainian marines could still hold out for some time, with guerrilla tactics, using its nuclear bunkers and tunnels. Justin Crump of security consultancy Sibylline said "they are really well set for defence", having had more than 50 days to fortify the site and build escape routes. "I suspect that unless they are wiped out they’ll be there a long time - they could do nasty stuff at night, and go back in." He estimated that around 800 fighters were still defending the plant, led by the far-right Azov Battalion - a group vilified by Russia as "neo-Nazis". "The soldiers there don’t want to get captured, I don’t think they'll surrender. And Russia doesn’t want to go in and clear it out metre by metre, underground, that's horrendous," he said. Ukraine has managed to resupply its beleaguered forces in Mariupol in very risky night-time missions, he said. The steelworks is a key industrial site and, if Russia does get control of it, "maybe the Chinese will get them back in operation, as they want the steel", Mr Crump said. However, whatever the fate of the defending troops, it will now take years to rebuild the devastated city, he added. But Lord Dannatt,  former head of the British Army, had a more pessimistic outlook for the defending forces in the port. He said without further ammunition being delivered to the Ukrainian marines, it appeared to be only a question of time before Russian forces took over in Mariupol. Meanwhile, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky yesterday accused Vladimir Putin of building torture chambers and abducting officials in the brutal campaign being carried out in southern Ukraine. In a nine-minute video address shared on Facebook, Mr Zelensky said southern Ukraine had been ravaged by Russian torture squads. He said: "Torture chambers are built there. They abduct representatives of local governments and anyone deemed visible to local communities." Mr Zelenskyy said humanitarian aid has been stolen, creating famine. In occupied parts of the Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions, he said, the Russians are creating separatist states and introducing Russian currency, the ruble.