Christine Robinson, 57, from Wirral, was walking her pet dog with her son, Niall, in July 2020 when the pet was swept into the river while on a slipway, according to reports. When the two followed the dog into the water, it sparked a major rescue operation. However, emergency services were unable to save the NHS worker, and she was pronounced dead at the scene. An inquest into her death has now been held at Liverpool Coroners’ Court to understand the timings of the emergency response. Ms Robinson and her son had been walking their dog along King’s Parade, along the docks, on July 6 that year when the incident occurred. Both had been caught up in the water, and a rescue operation was quickly launched which reportedly involved the RNLI, the coastguard, Merseyside Police and the North West Ambulance Service. READ MORE: Emergency services rush in as family rescued from rubble It was the coastguard that was the subject of questioning by a coroner on Wednesday. According to the Liverpool Echo, Joseph Hart, assistant coroner for Liverpool and Wirral, asked Richard Jones, operations manager at Holyhead coastguard, about the three-minute gap between the call coming in and a crew being designated. Mr Hart noted that “three minutes is a long time”. Mr Jones reportedly assigned the New Brighton inshore lifeboat to the rescue operation once he had understood the nature of the emergency. Despite the delay, the crew was said to have already launched and was on their way to the scene before the alert from the coastguard came in. Mr Jones explained that there were a variety of reasons why there might be a delay of a few minutes, from dealing with other calls, prioritising incidents and looking at weather condition. He told the coroner: “I'm trying to understand what's happening in those three minutes. “There are a number of assessments that have to be made before you send in ‘an asset’ to try and effect a rescue.” DON'T MISS Energy crisis: Pensioners hit by ‘brutal reality’ of soaring bills [INSIGHT] One dead and one airlifted to hospital after Manchester stabbing [REPORT] Russian fury as conscripts allegedly died on warship [REVEAL] At the time there were a number of other vessels belonging to various emergency services in the area that were available. However, Mr Jones said he chose the lifeboat as it was more suitable, being located nearer to the incident and being a larger boat. Ms Robinson’s body was recovered from rocks around a hundred yards from New Brighton promenade. Following her death, her family described her as a “kind-hearted” woman who had “a positive impact on every person’s life” in a touching tribute. Her children added: “There are no words that can describe the emptiness we are all feeling following the tragic loss of our mum. “The love and kindness that our mum showed us will help us to find strength in these difficult times.” The family also issued a “heartfelt” thank you to the emergency services “for their hard work during this tragic event”. Both Ms Robinson’s son and their dog survived the incident. The mum of two had been working as a pharmacy technician for a Boots in Chester prior to her death. Additional reporting by Alan Weston