After 25 years away from the show, Geoffrey David Nugent, AKA Spider, will be returning to the cobbles and is set to turn the heads of the other residents. Martin Hancock, who plays Geoffrey, will be making a comeback as Emily Bishop's (played by Eileen Derbyshire) eco-warrior nephew this July, Corrie bosses have revealed. Fans of the show were delighted to hear the news and took to social media to express their delight. Geoffrey was the on-again, off-again boyfriend of Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor) and left the cobbles in 2003 when he moved to London to start afresh with her. They later separated, and he ended up moving to Peru, but could his return to the cobbles shake Toyah, with a possible rekindled love on the cards? Coronation Street producer Iain Macleod explained the decision to bring "Spider" back to the famous street: "Martin is a fabulous actor, and Spider is a character with real heritage and affection from fans. "His return heralds an enthralling new story for Toyah, who will be embroiled in a mess of guilt and secrecy when Spider arrives. "Will he be her saviour or the thing that ruins her life forever?" Taking to Twitter, the official Coronation Street account released a teaser trailer of the Spider star back on the cobbles and sent fans into a frenzy. Sophie Williams commented: "This is a very intriguing promo & I’m chuffed!! What a way to shake things up a bit! Very much hoping this is a long-term addition." Ryan Glendenning added: "Wow!!!! The return of spider in #Corrie is a real blast from the past, someone I'm not that familiar with as he left the show 3 years before I was born User @Miss1katy cheered: "Wowww!! Wasn't expecting this oooo such exciting news we've all likely always hoped for but never thought was going to happen. "Eeekk amazing casting actually bringing Spider back after so long yay thrilled for @RealGeorgiaT too getting reunited with Toyah's first true love ahh always." His return comes as Toyah is preparing to marry love-rat boyfriend, Imran Habeeb (Charlie De Melo), despite his affair with Abi Franklin (Sally Carman). Lyndsay Fitzpatrick theorised that Toyah and Spider will reunite as she wrote: "Hmm I wonder if Toyah & Imran will actually get married or not, I think Toyah is tricking Imran & is really on Abi’s side to help her get custody of Alfie." (sic) To mark the actor's comeback, Toyah star Georgia also posted a "blast from the past" image of the pair back in 1999. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Aggie Bailey sacked in revenge twist  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Gail Platt exits as clue dropped in Max plot [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Steve McDonald exposes Jacob Hay's secret [WATCH] She shared an iconic image of the duo gazing at the cameras and captioned it: "Thanks to @jondew1 for sharing this belter of a #tbt from 1999! "I mean, eyebrows are for losers, right?" Georgia also spoke to Inside Soap about the return of Spider and revealed it would be "interesting" to see what he had been up to, and how Toyah would react. "I loved working with Martin Hancock, who played Spider. He and Toyah split up off-screen, and they haven’t seen each other in about 15 years, so it would be interesting to see what Toyah’s first love is up to now." Martin also previously spoke to Express.co.uk in 2014 and never ruled out a return to the soap. Speaking about his time on the show and how it set his career path in a positive direction, he said: "As to the future, well, I may go back to Coronation Street one day. "Who knows when Spider Nugent might return?" With Toyah and Imran's relationship already on the rocks, could Spider be the final thing that pushes Toyah to realise what she truly wants? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.