Donny Osmond, 64, appeared overcome with emotion as the singer took to the stage and hugged Merrill Osmond, 68, who performed his final show at the weekend. The veteran performer shared that if it wasn't for his older brother The Osmonds would never have found their unique sound. Taking to Twitter yesterday, Donny shared a heartfelt photo where he could be seen holding Merrill as he finished his closing song at his final show. The Osmond legend explained that his sibling had asked him to join the performer on stage during his farewell to their legion of fans. In view of his 203,000 followers, the musician and actor penned an emotional message. Donny captioned the post: "It was a night I'll never forget. READ MORE: Dragons' Den star Sara Davies talks 'scandal' with husband 'I was 15' "I went to my brother, Merrill's final performance here in the US. "As I watched him, I turned into a fan myself as I sang along with all of the other fans packing the Westgate theater, where we performed together in the 70s." He continued: "He asked me to join him at the end of the show and as he sang his closing song, I couldn't help but give my brother a farewell hug. "Yes, it took all of us to create The Osmonds, but it was Merrill's voice that created the sound. It was an amazing moment. Thank you, my brother." Donny was swiftly inundated with messages from the group's loyal supporters. Twitter user, Debbie LeDoux wrote: "The hug that will forever be in my heart and mind! True testimony of 'he ain’t heavy, he’s my brother'!!! I will miss Merrill’s voice in person but his music with and without the family will live on!! Brotherly love at its finest!! I love Merrill and you!" Carole agreed: "This truly momentous moment, brought tears to my eyes as it was the epitome of supporting someone you love! #BrotherlyLove." "Such a beautiful photo of the both of you showing true brotherly love. So emotional for everyone," Kathryn McAllister commented. DON'T MISS... Denise Welch's stalker jailed for seven years after starting fire[LATEST]Britney Spears strips naked in pool as singer goes topless in clip[PICTURES]Kate Garraway's accused of supporting privatisation of NHS[TV] Annette Blacknik remarked: "Merrill's goodbye song had me in tears. Hard to see the end of an era coming. It will be even harder when you and Marie decide to retire." Gillian Sutherland added: "This picture brings a tear to my eyes. What an iconic moment marking a tremendous career you'll remain in our hearts forever and ever. Thank you Osmond family for all the wonderful memories." It comes after Merrill performed his final show at the Westgate Theatre in Las Vegas. He closed the show with Hard To Say Goodbye for his last performance in the US. The Osmonds are a US-born family musical group that reached the height of their fame in the early to mid-1970s. Donny and Marie Osmond, as well as their siblings Virl Osmond, Tom Osmond, Alan Osmond, Merrill Osmond, Wayne Osmond, Jay Osmond and Jimmy Osmond, were all raised by parents Olive Osmond and George Osmond. The proud mum and dad were married in 1944 and remained a pair until Olive’s death in 2004. George sadly died just three years later in 2007.