Timothy Laurence joined the senior royal on tour in celebration of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee and has been praised by royal fans for his "interesting fashion statement". While in Papua New Guinea, on the second leg of their tour, the royal pair visited Port Moresby Adventure Park on Tuesday. They both met with local artists, planted a native oak tree and revealed a plaque to commemorate the tree. Both royals wore flower garlands around their necks and light beige clothing, while Timothy paired it with a beige panama-style hat. Royal fan Clarissa Reilly commended the royal for his fashionable aesthetic.  She tweeted: "I agree with others. Sir Timothy’s hat deserves its own Twitter account. Most interesting fashion statement from a male member of @RoyalFamily in years. "Insouciance personified. Rocking it in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea here #RoyalVisit." Sandy Macdonald wrote: "I think Sir Timothy looks fab in his hat. The quintessential Brit abroad. So pleased he’s accompanying Princess Royal. Should use him more for solo functions too, spread royal load a bit."  READ MORE: Princess Anne warned young royals: ‘Don’t reinvent the wheel!’ Another fan described them as "the coolest couple in the royal family". The Princess Royal and her husband arrived in Papua New Guinea on Monday to continue her southern hemisphere tour. They were greeted on the tarmac of the Jacksons International Airport by the country's Prime Minister James Marape who presented them with a garland of flowers. Princess Anne and Sir Timothy had previously completed their whirlwind tour of Australia before landing in Papua New Guinea on Monday for a series of royal engagements.  DON'T MISS: Queen secures victory for Jubilee horse race [INSIGHT]‘Lost in admiration’ Princess Anne amazes with 20 engagements [COMMENT]Princess Anne's two engagement rings both avoid 'traditional' jewel [ANALYSIS] Royal fans have also praised the Queen's daughter for her style while on the royal tour. Images have circulated online of Anne wearing some stylish 'speed dealer' sunglasses while speaking with Australian troops in Sydney. Commenting on the photo, one royal fan described her as a "style icon". Another just simply wrote: "Iconic". 