Today (Thursday), the American upper house voted 100 to zero in favour of removing Russia and Belarus’s status as a “most favoured nation”. It then proceeded to back an energy measure to block imports of Russian fossil fuels. The move will mean Putin’s regime losing another much-needed source of income as the number of countries willing to trade with Russia dwindles. The legislation approved by the Senate today was then sent to the House of Representative, which overwhelmingly passed the measures. Joe Biden’s press secretary Jen Psaki told reporters that the President supported the bills and would sign them into law. Senator Ron Wyden, chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, remarked in a statement: “This package is about bringing every tool of economic pressure to bear on Vladimir Putin and his oligarch cronies. READ MORE: United Nations SUSPENDS Russia from human rights council “Putin's Russia does not deserve to be a part of the economic order that has existed since the end of World War Two.” The trade legislation that has been passed allows for the White House to raise tariffs on imports from Russia and ally Belarus. The energy measure enshrines into law Mr Biden’s prior executive order which banned imports of Russian fossil fuels at the start of March. At the time, the White House said: “We are united with our allies and partners in working together to reduce our collective dependence on Russian energy and keep the pressure mounting on Putin, while at the same taking active steps to limit impacts on global energy markets and protect our own economies.” Recent estimates suggest around 8 percent of America’s oil imports originated in Russia in 2021. More than half came from Canada alone. The US sits on its own large reserves of oil and natural gas, so removing Russian imports from the supply chain will be relatively easy compared with nations more reliant on imported fuels. The import ban was announced in tandem with the UK, which said it would phase out Russian oil by the end of the year. The Government was able to do so, it said, because Russian imports made up relatively little of the UK’s consumption – 8 percent – and Britain was able to rely on its own reserves as well as imports from the US and Norway. DON'T MISS Meghan cuts final ties to UK as Duchess opens up in loving statement [REPORT] UK's plan to move Trident abroad if Scotland becomes independent [INSIGHT] 'Take them all f***ing out!' Leaked audio of Putin's 'war crimes' [REVEAL] The EU, on the other hand, which relies on Russia for as much as 27 percent of its oil needs and 40 percent of its natural gas supply, has struggled to agree an outright ban. This week, the economic bloc took its first steps to reduce its dependence on Russian energy, after being urged to do so by Western allies. On Wednesday, Josep Borrell, the EU’s foreign policy spokesperson, said that since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the EU had paid Russia around €35billion (£29.1billion) for energy supply. Member states backed a proposal to ban Russian coal imports – sales of which are estimated to have amounted to around €4billion (£3.3billion) a year. The bloc is paralysed by infighting over a ban of Russian oil and gas, however, as Germany is reportedly opposed to cutting off such a large portion of its supply. Germany’s economy is reliant on heavy industry, which requires large amounts of fossil fuels for manufacturing – so a shortage of energy supply would mean a large sacrifice to the German economy. The US House of Representatives had originally passed both bills sanctioning Russia soon after the outbreak of war, but the bills stalled in the Senate. US law requires Congress to approve a change in a country’s trade status, meaning both houses had to pass the bill. A compromise was forged late last night (Wednesday) and senators agreed to consider both bills. The House then had to approve the amendments attached to the bills made in the Senate.