After ending 20 seasons of Keeping Up With the Kardashians on E!, the highly-acclaimed family returned to screens with a revamped reality series on Hulu, The Kardashian. With viewers only two episodes into the updated show, a huge hint revealed there’s a chance Kim Kardashian’s new boyfriend Pete Davidson could make an appearance.  After departing from E! in 2021, the Kardashian-Jenner family made their huge return to reality TV with significant enhancement following their partnership with Hulu. With 20 seasons wrapped up, the family took on a new approach with their latest show, The Kardashians. Leaving behind its old format, the new series is more documentary style, with notable drone footage, as seen in the stylized drone shots. Even with its more luxurious quality, the only thing the family hasn't changed is its content, which fans were thankful for. READ MORE: Esther Rantzen fumes as Queen is criticised for leaning on Andrew The family of affluent businesswomen have notoriously shared major life events and experiences with the cameras for viewers’ entertainment. This is everything including, divorces, births, proposals, weddings, and feuds. Their highly-anticipated comeback proved to be a huge success as Disney revealed the premiere took the title of the most-watched series premiere on Hulu in the US. This was also the case on Disney+ and Star+ among Star Originals across all global markets to date.  With fans clearly embracing the change, many of them are also looking forward to gaining inside knowledge of some of the major pop culture moments seen on social media. This includes Khloe Kardashian and Tristan Thompson’s relationship after it was revealed he had a child with another woman. As well as Kourtney’s highly publicised relationship and possible marriage with drummer Travis Barker. This is also the case for the youngest sibling, Kylie Jenner after she gave birth to her second child, a son. DON'T MISS...What day is The Kardashians on Disney Plus? When is the next episode? [INSIGHT]The Kardashians spin-offs: What are all the KUWTK spin-off series? [INSIGHT]Will Travis Scott appear in The Kardashians? [INSIGHT] Many fans have also questioned if Kim Kardashian’s new boyfriend Pete Davidson would make an appearance on the show, following her split from rapper Kanye West. And it looks as though this could be the case after the executive producer Ben Winston dropped a cryptic hint and said: “You’ll just have to watch.” Speaking on the major changes on the new and improved show, Kim spoke to Variety and shared how it would be different. She shared: “Before, on E!, it was totally us and totally amazing, but the episodes were so short.  “And the producers definitely knew what the E! audience wanted. And this feels a little bit more documentary style.” The mogul added: “My goal was that it was familiar and felt like home, like, ‘Oh, my God, they’re back.’ But updated or just a little bit more intimate.” Speaking on the personal details which would be aired, she continued: “We wanted it to be as current as possible. “We hated how long we had to wait. That was like the death of us, because once we got over something, we had to rehash it all over again.” The Kardashians is available on Hulu in America and Disney+ in the UK. 