Philip Ingram MBE, a specialist in security and intelligence arenas, said that despite Russia doing “some good things militarily” by focussing on regions in Ukraine closer to their country, they do not stand a chance against the eastern armies. Ukraine has been “preparing their defences” for nearly a decade since the Crimean War and Russia will be overwhelmed as they try to salvage some form of victory from their invasion of the country.    Ingram told GB News: “Russia has done some good things militarily. They have put their operations under one single commander. “The second thing they’ve done is, by focussing on the southeast, they’ve shortened their lines of communication into Russia itself, so they can get their troops in quicker. “However, they won’t be able to change their commander’s experience and tactics, and it’s quite likely that the commanders are not up to this complex, combined all arms operations. “They have not got their logistics tuned properly to support these types of operations and they’re going to be attacking an area where Ukraine have been preparing their defences for over eight years. “The Russians are going to throw everything they can at it but I think the Ukrainians are going to give them a bloody nose.”   A US official revealed on Sunday that Russian general Alexander Dvornikov, 60 had been appointed as the new commander of the offensive against Ukraine. Dvornikov is a long-standing military official long-considered the successor to Valery Gerasimov, who has a record of brutality against civilians in Syria. The official, speaking anonymously, said that they had not been authorised to identify the change in leadership. But the White House national security adviser Jake Sullivan said that “no appointment” could alter the fact that Russia’s invasion has been a “strategic failure”. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin humiliated as close ally 'cuffed and dressed up' [LIVE]   Sullivan said: “This general will just be another author of crimes and brutality against Ukrainian civilians. “And the United States, as I said before, is determined to do all that we can to support Ukrainians as they resist him and they resist the forces that he commands.” The decision to replace the military command has not been confirmed by the Kremlin, but US sources are confident in its truth. Russia is gearing up for what is expected to be a more focused push to expand control in the Donbas region following earlier failures in Kyiv. DON'T MISS: Residents of towns north of Kyiv return to ruined, ransacked homes [INSIGHT] Steven Seagal parties with Putin’s allies and tells them ‘I love you’ [REVEAL] Chemical weapons potential ploy to 'deny' Ukraine advance [REPORT]    The mayor of Mariupol, in the south of the Donbas region, said today that more than 20,000 civilians had been killed by Russian forces since the beginning of the war. The claim follows reports that Russia may have used chemical weapons on the southeastern city, with the leader of Ukraine’s Azov regiment saying that three of its members had experienced “poisoning by chemical warfare, but without catastrophic consequences”. But British armed forces minister James Heappey said that despite the devastation, Russia’s next wave of attack will be beset by less well trained troops. He said that Ukrainian forces have already defeated “some of Russia’s best regiments and battalions”, meaning that a successful defence of the eastern regions is likely.   