It is understood the 36-year-old veteran of the British armed services, travelled to the war zone to fight the Russian Army alongside the defending forces. The UK Foreign Office confirmed he had been killed in Ukraine and that a second British national is also missing. It is thought they had been fighting against Russian forces as volunteers in support of Ukraine, although this has yet to be confirmed by the Government. The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO) did not provide any details on what the nationals had been doing in Ukraine. An FCDO spokesperson said: "We can confirm that a British national has been killed in Ukraine and are supporting their family." Commenting on the second British national, the spokesperson said: "We are aware of a British national who is missing in Ukraine and are supporting their family. "We are urgently seeking further information."   Last night, Mr Sibley's friends and family paid tribute to the veteran, who is believed to have died on April 23. They have set up a GoFundMe page to raise money for his funeral. His friend Craig wrote on the page: “Scott was a son, father, brother and uncle. “To me he was a friend like no other and the bravest person I've had the pleasure to have known, he was as good as a brother to me. “His life may have been cut short but he lived to the full and did things the Sibs way, right until the end.” Since Russia's invasion of Ukraine began on February 24, several foreigners - including British veterans - have chosen to travel to the under-fire country to join the fight against Vladimir Putin's forces. Ukraine's Government has asked for volunteers from across the world to help support its armed forces. The advice from the UK Government has continued to be that people should not travel to Ukraine to fight, but scores of people have bravely decided to join the fight with Ukraine. DON'T MISSPutin's panic as NASA makes killer AI hypersonic missiles [LATEST]Liz Truss warns China for siding with Russia [COMMENTS]Europe still pumping Putin's war chest with '£18.5BN every month' [REPORT]  Among the British number are Shaun Pinner and Aiden Aslin, who were captured by Russian forces trying to protect the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol. They were featured in Russian propaganda videos which have since been taken off both Facebook and YouTube. Since the war began more than two months ago, lines of people were also seen forming outside the Ukrainian embassy in London, keen to join the so-called "Lads Army". Ethan Dennis was one of them, who says he served in the Royal Navy and signed up to the Ukrainian foreign legion on March 2. The 21-year-old from Portsmouth tried to go to the Ukrainian embassy but grew increasingly frustrated with the huge amounts of red tape.   Instead, he took a flight to Rzesz in southern Poland and joined other ex-military Brits he met at the airport to cross the border into Ukraine. After 10 days fighting in the country, he returned to the UK. During his time in Ukraine, Ethan said he experienced missile strikes, mortar bombs and intense combat with Russian forces. He added: "Having seen this brutal conflict first-hand, I hope that a deal between Russia and Ukraine is reached sooner rather than later - for everyone's benefit."