Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta could soon be in the market for a new striker as he looks to strengthen his ranks in advance of a renewed top-four challenge in the Premier League next season. Club legend Ian Wright has already spoken of his desire to see a top-class marksman join the Gunners, who are widely expected to lose Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah at the end of the season, in order to improve their attacking prowess in the near future. “We haven’t got that striker," Wright recently told Premier League Productions. "You look at Tottenham, as poor as they were [against Brighton], they are capable of scoring.“Man United. They have Cristiano Ronaldo, so you would always back them to score. He’s got 13 points alone from winning goals that he’s scored for them.“That’s what you get at Man United. That’s exactly what Arsenal need, because if he wasn’t playing for United they’d be nowhere near where they are."A number of exciting strikers have been linked with Arsenal in recent months as they look to act on Wright's advice by reinforcing their forward line in the summer transfer window. With that in mind, Express Sport takes a look at three potential targets with the ability to shoulder the majority of Arsenal's attacking burden in advance of next season and beyond. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has four undroppables for Arsenal clash Arsenal are said to be one of several clubs with an interest in landing Benfica striker Darwin Nunez, who has emerged as one of Europe's hottest talents over the course of this season. The 22-year-old has chipped in with 33 goals in all competitions since the beginning of the campaign and looks to have the ability to thrive in the Premier League if he ends up joining the Gunners in the summer months.Nunez is also said to be on United's radar, though, while Tottenham and Liverpool have also been mentioned in connection with a future move for the forward. He remains tied down to Benfica until the summer of 2025 but it remains to be seen whether the Portuguese heavyweights will be tempted by a big-money offer for their prized asset ahead of the new campaign. Arsenal have also been linked with a move for Lille marksman Jonathan David, who has scored a total of 13 goals in Ligue 1 over the course of this season. There is no shortage of excitement around the American striker but whether or not he will eventually be snapped up by the Gunners over the coming months is another story.David shares many qualities with Lacazette in terms of his playmaking ability and tendency to hover around the edge of the penalty area, but still has plenty of room for improvement in order to emerge as a world-class striker over the next few years. His arrival at the Emirates Stadium could represent a shrewd acquisition for the Gunners, though, if they ultimately decide to firm up their interest in his services in the near future. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE Tammy Abraham has excelled in Serie A since leaving Chelsea for Roma at the end of last season and has recently been linked with a return to England as a result of his impressive form in the Italian capital. Arsenal were credited with a desire to land Abraham in January and could well decide to launch a full-blooded move for the 24-year-old's signature when the bidding re-opens in the summer months.However, there may be questions over the viability of such a move, with Chelsea having inserted a buy-back clause into the deal that saw Abraham make the switch to Roma last year. United have also been keeping tabs on the England man's progress in Italy and could be set to emerge among the contenders to snap him up as they look to replace the outgoing Edinson Cavani at Old Trafford. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here