Jorge Mendes suggested the appointment of Julen Lopetegui to Manchester United in order to appease Cristiano Ronaldo, according to reports. Erik ten Hag will be the next manager of the Red Devils, with the Premier League giants announcing this on Thursday. But things could easily have been different. Manchester United have today announced that Ten Hag will be their next manager. But the Manchester Evening News say that, after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s sacking earlier in the campaign, Mendes suggested the appointment of Lopetegui instead. The Sevilla boss has worked wonders with the La Liga side, rebuilding his own reputation after a troublesome time at Real Madrid. Mendes supposedly felt Ronaldo needed some appeasing after the departure of Solskjaer, who he’d re-joined to play under. Yet United have now, ultimately, chosen to go in another direction with Ten Hag instead. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The Ajax boss has been given a three-year contract with the club, with United believing they’re now onto a winner. Ten Hag has been consistent at Ajax and built two great teams during his spell in Amsterdam, despite losing many of their best players. United are hopeful that the 52-year-old is capable of bringing the glory days back, with the club winning just three trophies since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. And Ten Hag can’t wait to get started. “It is a great honour to be appointed manager of Manchester United and I am hugely excited by the challenge ahead,” he said. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players “I know the history of this great club and the passion of the fans, and I am absolutely determined to develop a team capable of delivering the success they deserve. “It will be difficult to leave Ajax after these incredible years, and I can assure our fans of my complete commitment and focus on bringing this season to a successful conclusion before I move to Manchester United.” United chief John Murtough has hailed Ten Hag’s appointment, insisting he has the backing of the board as he sets his sights on success. “During the past four years at Ajax, Erik has proved himself to be one of the most exciting and successful coaches in Europe, renowned for his team’s attractive, attacking football and commitment to youth,” he said. “In our conversations with Erik leading up to this appointment, we were deeply impressed with his long-term vision for returning Manchester United to the level we want to be competing at, and his drive and determination to achieve that. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “We wish Erik the best of luck as he focuses on achieving a successful end to the season at Ajax and look forward to welcoming him to Manchester United this summer.” Jamie Carragher, meanwhile, thinks United have done the right thing by going for Ten Hag. “I think he is, he’s the guy I’d have gone for,” he said. “I know it was a toss-up between him and Mauricio Pochettino, I just feel the job he’s done at Ajax, and Pochettino, who I’m a huge fan of, has gone to PSG and it hasn’t quite worked out. “At Tottenham, I absolutely loved them but they couldn’t get over the line in terms of getting a trophy. “If it was Pochettino, I don’t think there’s too much difference in who they’ve gone for. “People may say Pochettino because of the experience of the Premier League but the football Ajax have played in these last few years, I don’t think anyone would have been a bad choice out of those two. “I’m excited to see him in the league. The two Ajax teams he’s built have been really exciting to watch and really lit up the Champions League. “Is the appointment an admission from Man Utd it will take time to get back to the top? I doubt Manchester United are automatically writing off next season or the year after. “They’re Man Utd, I’m sure they’ll spend big in the summer. “You think of the players they’ve brought in this summer: Cristiano Ronaldo, Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane. They weren’t buying these players to compete in the top four, they were going for the title.”