The Duchess, 40, joined other senior royals for the service at St George’s Chapel, the go-to location for many royal engagements. The Duke and Duchess were joined by Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, six. Prince George was pictured striding confidently to the chapel, not holding either of his parents' hands. Sophie, Countess of Wessex and Prince Edward also attended the Easter service event alongside the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. Their children, Lady Louise, 18, and her brother James, Viscount Severn, 14 arrived with them. Princess Eugenie arrived alongside Peter Phillips and his children Savannah and Isla. Zara and Mike Tindall also attended the service, with their eldest daughter Mia.  Prince Charles and Camilla, however, were not in attendance at the service. Earlier in the day, the Cambridges took to social media to share a special Easter message. On their joint Twitter and Instagram pages, the couple shared a picture of a piece of Kensington Palace headed paper with the words "Happy Easter" penned in calligraphy. The Cambridges received a flurry of Easter messages in response.  One Twitter user, Zanna Merryn wrote: "A very Happy Easter to you both and to your beautiful children. "Enjoy your chocolate Easter eggs! God bless you all." Roger Stephenson wrote: "And here's wishing you all the happiest of times over Easter. "Thank you all so much for being our rays of sunshine in these dark times. "We are extremely proud of you & all that you do you just make the world a better kinder place." While Evie Mac added: "And a very Happy Easter to all of you. Hope Prince William didn’t eat all the chocolate eggs!!" The service follows a long weekend of appearances marking the bank holiday, after it was announced on Thursday the Queen, 95, would not attend the traditional Easter Mattins Service on Sunday. She also cancelled her attendance at the Maundy Thursday Service, with Prince Charles standing in for her. DON'T MISS: George not holding Kate or William's hands as he arrives at service [PICTURES] Sophie Wessex stuns alongside Edward and Lady Louise [REVEAL] Queen will no longer attend events as public told to assume absence [INSIGHT] Her Majesty, 95, traditionally hands out money to pensioners nominated by the local communities and dioceses. The Queen has cancelled a number of royal engagements in recent months after a series of health scares, seeing other members of the Firm step up their responsibilities within Royal Family ranks. A royal source recently revealed that the Queen will no longer attend events on her own and will always be accompanied by a member of the Royal Family. They also advised the public to "assume" the Queen's absence from public engagements. Speaking to the Mail on Sunday, the source said: "The assumption must now be that the Queen will not be present at events. "If Her Majesty does attend, it will be decided on the day and she will be accompanied by another member of the Royal Family."