Manchester City have turned down the opportunity to sign Paul Pogba on a free transfer from Manchester United over the next few months, according to reports. Pogba is set to leave Old Trafford at the end of his current deal in the summer and is said to have no shortage of interest in his services from across Europe ahead of the upcoming transfer window. City have been linked with a surprise move for Pogba in recent weeks as the Premier League champions weigh up their options in the market to strengthen their ranks in advance of next season. However, those in command at the Etihad Stadium have already passed up the opportunity to bring Pogba to the blue side of Manchester without having to pay a transfer fee, according to the Daily Star.It is claimed that Pep Guardiola has told Pogba's agent, Mino Raiola, that he will not be pursuing a move for the Frenchman's signature between now and the start of the new campaign. The City boss previously rejected the chance to sign Pogba four years ago and does not appear to have changed his mind over the last few seasons, with the United man having struggled to impress at club level on a consistent basis.It seems unlikely that Pogba will move to another English club when he walks away from United at the end of the season, with Paris Saint-Germain and Juventus said to be the leading contenders to snap him up at this moment in time. Barcelona may also join the race if they are prepared to pay his eye-watering salary, which is believed to be in the region of £350,000 per week. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Rangnick slams three decisions after Arsenal defeat Pogba has endured a lacklustre second spell at United since returning to Old Trafford from Juventus back in the summer of 2016. He was roundly booed by his own supporters when he was introduced as a substitute against Norwich City earlier this month and it seems as though a clean break would be the best solution for all parties involved at this stage.The midfielder may have already played his last game for United after he was forced off during the early stages of their recent defeat at the hands of Liverpool with a calf injury. Red Devils manager Ralf Rangnick recently confirmed that Pogba would be sidelined for the next few weeks at least before going on to suggest that he is unlikely to remain on the club's books at the start of next season."He’s injured, he’s a player who won the World Cup with France, he’s such a good player that he was a regular starter for a team like France," said Rangnick before Saturday's defeat at Arsenal. "We all know what kind of potential he has and what kind of good player he can be. "He was quite like a few other players struggling to get his best performance sustainably on the pitch for a team like Man United. This has not only been the case this season or in the last couple of weeks. As far as I remember it was also the case in earlier years."It’s difficult to say [why]. If myself or other coaches knew it would be easier to change that but I don’t know. Right now it doesn’t make sense to think about that because he won’t be available for tomorrow and most likely not for the upcoming games."As it seems right now he will not renew his contract and I don’t know, maybe the club or Erik [ten Hag] will not want to renew his contract, I don’t know. It’s most likely he won’t be here anymore next season." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here