The political commentator took aim at Emmanuel Macron after he rejected US President Joe Biden’s declaration Russia is carrying out “genocide” in Ukraine because the nations are “brothers”. But Andrew Neil said he doubted there was “much brotherly love now” in light of Russia’s war in Ukraine.  And he also pointed out Mr Macon had said Putin would not invade Ukraine the day before he launched his bloody assault. Mr Neil posted on Twitter: “President Macron won't endorse Biden's use of ‘genocide’: ‘I would be careful with such terms today because these two peoples [Russians and Ukrainians] are brothers.’ “Doubt much brotherly love now. Agrees Russia committing war crimes. Day before invasion said Putin won't do it.”  Mr Biden, who has repeatedly called Putin a war criminal, first used the word “genocide” in passing on Tuesday when he attended a domestic policy event in Iowa focussed on the use of ethanol in petrol. He said: “Your family budget, your ability to fill up your tank, none of it should hinge on whether a dictator declares war and commits genocide half a world away.” Questioned later on whether he thought Moscow's invasion of Ukraine amounted to genocide, the US leader told journalists: “Yes, I called it genocide because it’s become clearer and clearer that Putin is just trying to wipe out the idea of even being Ukrainian.  READ MORE: Putin loses the plot as Russian tyrant plans 'insane' terror attacks “And the evidence is mounting. More evidence is coming out of the horrible things that the Russians have done in Ukraine. “And we’re going to only learn more and more about the devastation. We’ll let the lawyers decide internationally whether or not it qualifies, but it sure seems that way to me.”  DON'T MISS Putin hammer blow as fresh tranche of sanctions unleashed on Russia [INSIGHT]'France will stop' Le Pen accuses Macron of denial' amid inflation [OPINION]West seizure of assets and oil taxes in €500bn plot to rebuild Ukraine [ANALYSIS] But speaking on France 2, Mr Macron said world leaders should be "careful" with using the word genocide, especially as "the Ukrainians and Russians are brotherly peoples". He said: “It's madness what's happening, it's incredibly brutal.  “But at the same time I look at the facts and I want to try as much as possible to continue to be able to stop this war and to rebuild peace. I'm not sure that verbal escalations serve this cause.” Russia has denied targeting civilians and has said Ukrainian and Western allegations of war crimes are fabricated.  Many towns Russia has retreated from in northern Ukraine were littered with the bodies of civilians killed in what Kyiv says was a campaign of murder, torture and rape. Interfax Ukraine news agency on Wednesday quoted the Kyiv district police chief saying 720 bodies have been found in the region around the capital, with more than 200 people missing.