Tom Parker’s heartbroken The Wanted bandmate, Max George, gave fans a glimpse into celebrations following their huge win on Pointless Celebrities, which aired on Saturday. The episode had been filmed just months before Tom died after a two-year battle with brain cancer aged 33. In the clip, which Max shared to his 315,000 Instagram followers via his story, the pals looked overwhelmed after winning a whopping £2,500 for The Brain Tumour Charity and Brain Research UK. As Max wandered around the room, he looked at the camera and said: “So, a bit of news. “We just won Pointless!” Tom could be seen sitting on a couch and looked delighted at what the pair had achieved. READ MORE:Joan Collins has not had surgery as star rejects Jane Seymour's remark He exclaimed: “Smashed it!”, as former Strictly star Max held up their glass trophy. Max continued: “We actually won it! Like, two and a half grand to charity, and we won it!” Following Tom’s heartbreaking death on Wednesday, the BBC decided to reschedule the charity special for Saturday night in tribute to the late singer. The episode hit home with many viewers and they took to Twitter to share their sadness. Lauren said: “A Pointless finalist and money for two brain tumour charities...More to add to your amazing legacy @TomParker.” Beth confessed: “Tom Parker is on Pointless right now and I am straight up sat alone crying like a baby. I am a full on mess.” And Cara echoed: “Very emotional watching Pointless – so sad to see Tom Parker but what a lovely tribute from the BBC.” Speaking about its decision to air the episode earlier than expected, the broadcaster explained: “In a tribute to Tom Parker who sadly passed away this week, his episode of Pointless Celebrities, which was recorded late last year, was brought forward with the full support and blessing of Tom’s family.” DON'T MISSPenny Lancaster stuns in 21st birthday throwback snap[PICTURES]Chelsie Whibley dead: Actress dies aged 29 after cystic fibrosis battl[LATEST]Bill Maher tells Jada Pinkett Smith to 'put on a f*****g wig'[NEWS] Tom had been diagnosed with an incurable brain tumour in 2020 and initially given 18 months to live. After several rounds of chemotherapy and 30 radiotherapy sessions, Tom beat the odds and outlived his prognosis. His death rocked fans when it was confirmed by his wife Kelsey with a statement on Instagram. The heartbroken mother-of-two penned: “It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side. “Our hearts are broken. “Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence.” Tom and Kelsey married in 2018 and share two children, Aurelia, two, and Bodhi, one.