Liverpool are taking on Everton in a massive game for the Premier League title race today. All the action from the Merseyside Derby will be shown live exclusively on Sky Sports, with coverage starting at 4pm ahead of kick-off at 4.30pm. You can find the best deals on Sky Sports below, or you can take advantage of a limited-time price cut on the NOW Sports pass that slashes the monthly price from £33.99 to £20. Both Liverpool and Everton go into today's game facing huge fights at either ends of the Premier League table. Everton are battling to avoid relegation from the Premier League while Liverpool are involved in a tense title fight with Manchester City. If Everton manage to take points off Liverpool today, it will not only dent the title hopes of Jurgen Klopp's side but also deal a blow to the Reds' bid for a historic quadruple. You can tune in and watch coverage of Liverpool vs Everton on Sky Sports Premier League and Sky Sports Main Event from 4pm, with kick-off at 4.30pm. If you've got Sky Glass or Sky Q then a Sky Sports membership will usually cost £32 a month. But Sky is currently running a deal that drops that price to £20 a month. This can be paired with the standard Sky TV bundle, which unlocks access to exclusive channels like Sky Atlantic, as well as Comedy Central, MTV, and more, coupled with a Netflix subscription. If you're not home, everything from Sky Sports is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app, which is available for both Android and iOS devices. You can also sign in to Sky Go on an Xbox or PlayStation to watch in another room if someone else is using the Sky Q box. Sky-owned NOW, formerly NOW TV, offers limited-time access to Sky Sports. One month usually costs £33.99, but for a limited time only this price has dropped to £20 a month (but you'll need to sign up for nine months). While a single 24-hour period of Sky Sports will cost a one-off payment of £11.98 with NOW. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Unfortunately, if you're outside of the UK right now, your Sky Go and NOW subscriptions might not work as you'd expect. Sky – just like Netflix, BBC iPlayer, Prime Video and a number of other services – places restrictions based on your current location, which is determined by the IP address that your device was assigned when you connected to the internet. It's possible to bypass these geo-restrictions by employing a Virtual Private Network, or VPN, service. You can find some of the best options below... 