Madonna, 63, is known for her risque snaps, however, fans took to social media this weekend to comment on the singer's change in appearance. The singer posted a video to TikTok, since deleted, raising alarm bells amongst her fans for her swollen face. Madonna shared the TikTok video before yesterday's Grammy Awards and many raised their concerns in the comments. The singer moved into the camera and panned out again, leaving her swollen cheekbones and puffy lips on full display. The Material Girl singer can be seen braless in a mesh top, accessorised with silver and diamond jewellery. She plaited her bright blonde tresses and wore small gold butterfly clips to hold her hair away from her face. READ MORE: Sandra Bullock stuns as Channing Tatum gazes at actress Before the video was removed, it had been viewed eight million times, with her most loyal fans sharing their worry in the post's comments. Mike Mulloy commented: "What happened to you?" AmyLeweez added: "This is completely unsettling." Erica Lynne LoConto said: "I've loved Madonna since I was little... huge fan... love her... but this is a hard pass. "What has she done to herself?" Lysa Mathis-Sargent quipped: "I miss the old Madonna." The worry of fans did not alert Madonna however, as she took to Instagram, three hours ago to share another video of herself. Madonna regularly raises eyebrows with her risque snaps, most recently to promote the remix of her song Frozen. DON'T MISS... Chris Rock's brother hits out at Will Smith again over Oscars slap [OPINION] Doja Cat puts on a provocative display in sheer skirt at GRAMMYs [GRAMMYS] June Brown dead: EastEnders' Dot Cotton actress dies aged 95 [DEATH] Last month, she shared a string of snaps on Instagram showing off her ageless figure. She posed with a filter over her face, with her remix of Frozen playing in the background. In the last picture, the singer can be seen crouched down in a black outfit, full of cutouts, giving her followers a view of her derriere. In view of her 17.7 million followers she captioned the post: "Frozen Remix song and video featuring @fireboydml." She added a trio of fire emojis and continued, "Music drops March 3rd………". In the other pictures, the singer showed off her youthful style as she posed in a black corset-like top, fishnet leggings and tiny leather shorts. She piled on the silver jewellery that includes diamond chokers and cross pendants. The singer wore a large pair of black sunglasses and her long blonde tresses were perfectly straight.