The Ultimatum comes from the Netflix creators of Love is Blind, with hosts Nick and Vanessa Lachey back to lead the way. The show sees six couples who are approaching marriage with one person more ready to make the commitment than the other. The eight-week experiment sees everyone partnered up with someone else to see if they will decide to stick with their original partner and get hitched or end their relationship forever. Here's everything there is to know about the contestants of The Ultimatum. April and Jake have been together for two years and she now wants her long-term boyfriend to make a commitment. The Florida model who describes herself as a "Filipina Barbie" has issued the ultimatum. Jake, 27, is originally from Austin, Texas and was in the United States Marine Corps for five years, serving in Kuwait. But when pushed, will he be willing to get down on one knee and propose to April? READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show Businesswoman Shanique is the owner of Texas-based clothes company Syn's Closet which sells lingerie and loungewear. Meanwhile, her other half is Randall who graduated from Florida A&M University School of Business and Industry in 2017. He has worked at Oracle for almost four years, now holding the title of senior cloud analyst. Shanique has issued the ultimatum to her boyfriend of a year-and-a-half. Alexis is an influencer working for LTK which curates personal shopping experiences for its clients. According to her LTK profile, she likes others to "mix and match staple, investment pieces with affordable everyday styles." She is in a two-year relationship with Hunter who also works at Oracle as a professional services analyst. Alexis is tired of waiting and wants her relationship with Hunter to move forward. Madlyn and Colby have been together for a year-and-a-half and while he is ready to take the plunge, she is not yet ready. Colby is an event/sales director for Deer Lake Lodge in Montgomery County, Texas, who says he is "ready for the next big thing", on his Instagram page. His girlfriend Madlyn is a project co-ordinator in Austin, Texas, and has two dogs. DON'T MISS...Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits [REAL LIFE]Love Is Blind’s Shake confirms new romance ‘Don’t settle’ [EXPLAINER]Love Is Blind’s Deepti addresses dating rumours with co-star [CAST] Zay is a model and media personality, according to his social media. He attended Kansas Wesleyan University where he majored in sports management. Rae graduated from an HCBU in 2020 and has previously shared her love for the film franchises Twilight and Harry Potter on Twitter. Following their two-year relationship, Rae has issued Zay an ultimatum. Lauren and Nate have been dating for more than two years and he is ready to take the next step. Nate works at real estate company Derive Development where he is the chief operating officer. His other half Lauren runs an Instagram page where she makes different cocktails, describing herself as a "craft cocktail creator, consumer, and enthusiast". The Ultimatum premieres on Wednesday, April 6, on Netflix.