European allegiances have proven vital in holding back the tide of Russian soldiers in Ukraine, who have spent the last five weeks clutching at the country's fringe territories. They have found limited success in their campaign, with generals now pulling back those under their command and leaving behind evidence of potential war crimes. Vladimir Putin's aggression against Volodymyr Zelensky has helped unite rather than fracture Europe and the US, likely an unintended outcome for the Russian premier, who has inadvertently sent two neighbours into NATOs arms.  Swedish and Finnish leaders found themselves targeted by Russian officials earlier this year as Putin's "special military operation" commenced. In early March, the country's foreign ministry threatened both countries with "serious military and political consequences" if they considered joining NATO. Sergei Belyayev, head of the Russian foreign ministry’s European department, added such a move would shift relations and require "retaliatory measures". The two Nordic nations have called Russia's bluff, however, and are now both on the verge of entering the alliance.  READ MORE: NATO Summit LIVE: Macron slammed for 'splitting' group Once opposed to the idea, Finland has led the charge, buoyed by majority public support. Public attitudes swiftly changed in the face of Putin's invasion in February, with the majority warmed to NATO. By mid-March this year, up to 62 percent of people said they would favour membership. Officials could make a final decision within weeks "during this spring". But they are holding it under sober consideration, weighing potential pros and cons of the move. Speaking over the weekend, Finnish PM Sanna Marin said that any decision would "have consequences".  Approximately 50 percent of Swedes want their country to join, up from 35 percent following the invasion. Sweden is hurtling towards elections in September, meaning joining NATO could become a make-or-break issue for Ms Andersson's party. While some reservations will ultimately exist amongst the Finnish and Swedish governments, NATO is open to welcoming both. Jens Stoltenberg, the organisation's Secretary-General, told a news conference on April 5 that he expected allies would greenlight their membership. He said: "It's for them to decide, of course, but if they apply, I expect that 30 allies will welcome them." Mr Stoltenberg said the organisation would also support the nations during the "interim period" between application and ratification when Russia may make further threats.  Adding both countries to NATO's growing roster would add vast tracts of land to the organisation's border with Russia. Finland alone would put its influence within spitting distance of Russian navy instalments in Murmansk and the Kola Peninsula. And it would increase the total land border with NATO territory from 754 miles to 1,600, more than double. That could leave Putin increasingly frustrated, given one of the reasons cited for his increased troop presence on Ukraine's border was growing unease with the west's eastward creep. 