From today, several monthly households bills have increased; from council tax, car tax and water, the most significant rise will be from energy costs which millions of people are set to pay an additional £500-£700 a year. On top that, VAT on food and drinks within the hospitality sector have returned to 20 percent, making it more expensive for people to eat out. Those choosing a home cooked meal instead, will also pay more for their food shop as prices have risen across supermarkets. Self-titled coupon queen Holly Smith shared her top tips for getting £30 worth of free products a week. Holly joined ITV’s This Morning where she spoke about the apps which offer discounts at the checkout, how to get your hands on free baby items, as well as one product which can help reduce the amount of water used. She explained: “They can be paper coupons but there some deals which are online. “There’s a lot of apps you can get - Shopmium and Checkoutsmart you can load them up while in the supermarket and they’ll show you all the offers that are available, it’ll show you if there’s free products you can get that week. “You can get about £30 worth of stuff free a week - easily,” she remarked. Here are Holly’s top 10 current deals: “I have been using one of these since 2018,” Holly explained. “They are £8 and are a replacement for laundry detergent and fabric softener.” The first egg which comes with the washing pellets inside lasts for 70 washes. It is then refillable, and each refillable pouch lasts 50 washes. Holly estimated that she had “saved over £500” since converting to this product. READ MORE: Tesco and Aldi issue warning over fruit and vegetables Holly suggested going to savewatersavemoney.co.uk and entering your postcode. “Your local water company could send a water saving box,” she explained. The items not contribute to less water being use, but “reduces water bills”. “You can get a fullsize pack of newborn nappies from Aldi,” Holly revealed. “All you have to do is head over to the Net Mums website and fill in your details. “This is a paper coupon, so they will send it through the post and when you go to do your grocery shopping at Aldi, pick up the full size pack nappies, hand them the coupon and they’re free.” DON'T MISS...Michael Mosley: 'Burn fat around tummy’ with the keto diet [EXPERT]Loyalty cards: Hidden perks and freebies you’re missing out on [INSIDER]Meghan Markle altered eternity ring from Prince Harry [COMMENT] REBECCA MILLER “A lot of people are struggling with period poverty - this is a free sample,” she said. “You go to always.co.uk and put in your address, and you can pick the sample you like which is suited to your flow. “These type of free samples come with coupons, so once you’ve tried the product, you can go and get money off future purchases.” “This is a free weaning pack from Ella’s Kitchen,” Holly shared. “So you’ll get a weaning pack with all helpful advice for weaning your baby. “But it also comes with lots of coupons - some are for free packets of pouches, or money off.” McDonald’s is giving away football acitivity books. “All you have to do is head to the website and sign up with your address,” Holly revealed. “If your child is between the ages of five and nine, you can get a free subscription to the LEGO Life Magazine,” Holly said. “This magazine is delivered drectly to your home four times a year and shipping is free.” “Too Good to Go and Olio,” are two food waste apps which give away free food or sell it for a fraction of the price. Holly said she got £40 worth of food for £3.50”. The fast-food chicken shop is offering a free side. “All you need to do is download the app and register as a new customer,” Holly said. The deal includes any side up to the value of £2. So two hot wings, a small popcorn chicken, gravy, fries, beans or coleslaw are included, as well as drinks or sundaes. The highstreet clothing store rolled out their Garment Collecting programme back in 2013, and it’s now worldwide. “You take an old bag of clothes into store, scan the My H&M membership and get a £5 voucher off a £35 spend,” Holly said.