Amazon has already announced plans to increase prices for millions of Amazon Prime members in the United States, and hot on the heels of that unwanted update, the company has confirmed plans to hike fees for its Music Unlimited service. This time around though, prices will be rising for Amazon Music Unlimited subscribers in the UK too. At the moment if you're a Prime member you can subscribe to Music Unlimited for £7.99 per month (instead of the regular £9.99 per month) or £79 a year, with this rising to £8.99 per month and £89 per year on May 5. However, if you want to beat this price rise you can simply pay for a year's worth of Music Unlimited access today. This will lock the current price of Amazon Music Unlimited in for the next 12 months. If you usually pay for Amazon Music Unlimited on a monthly basis then this will offer a £28.88 saving on the new price coming into force next month. The Music Unlimited price rise is also hitting Amazon customers in the US and Australia. Besides Music Unlimited, Amazon is also increasing the price of its Amazon Music single-device plan.  This lets you use Amazon Music Unlimited on an eligible Echo or Fire TV device, whereas a regular Music Unlimited plan will let you use it on multiple devices. The price of this package is going up from £3.99 per month to £4.99. If you're not 100 percent certain if Music Unlimited is the right service for you, it's possible to sign up for a 30 day free trial today to try before you buy. The Music Unlimited price rise comes after earlier this year the online retail giant announced plans to increase the price of Amazon Prime in the US. In the States the annual Amazon Prime price rose from $119 to $139 while the monthly price increased by $2 to $14.99.  Since then there hasn't been any word as to whether customers in other regions will be subject to a similar price rise. But if you want to lock in your Amazon Prime membership cost for the next year - in case any equivalent price rise does come into force in the UK - then you can once again pay for the next 12 months upfront. Like with Music Unlimited, Prime membership usually costs £7.99 per month but you can pay £79 to get a year's worth of access. For that price you'll get access to speedy Prime delivery, the huge library of boxsets and movies available with Prime Video, Prime Reading and Prime Gaming. With a Prime membership you'll also get access to Amazon Music, a streaming service which offers a much smaller library than Music Unlimited. 