Carlos Sainz delivered a scathing assessment of his own performance in Q3 after he was forced to settle for ninth place on the grid ahead of this weekend's Australian Grand Prix. The Spaniard was the quickest driver on track in FP1 on Friday and looked set to push the likes of Charles Leclerc and Max Verstappen all the way in the fight to secure pole position on the streets of Melbourne. Sainz went on to endure a torrid time of things in Q3 by failing to set a lap time before Fernando Alonso's crash brought out the red flags with only a few minutes of the session remaining. The Ferrari man was then forced to complete his only lap on cold tyres to leave him well adrift of pole-sitter Leclerc on the starting grid for Sunday's race."We had a problem with the starter," he told Sky Sports F1 after the session. "The car wouldn't start, we went out three minutes later than when we were planning to go out."I couldn't prepare the tyres. I couldn't warm up the tyres, everything was rushed and I had to do the lap with freezing tyres. It was a horrible lap. JUST IN: George Russell and Sergio Perez raise Australian GP concerns "Everything that could go wrong in Q3 went wrong, especially because I was in the fight for pole position for the whole of quali. He [Mattia Binotto, Ferrari team principal] knows I'm angry because we shouldn't have these problems with the starter and it's just a disaster."Today I was in the fight for pole and everything that could go wrong did go wrong. I'm not going to be happy at all, even if anyone tells me to be happy, but tomorrow is another day and we'll try to come back." It remains to be seen whether Sainz will be able to fight back and secure a podium finish on Sunday in order to keep up with the likes of Leclerc and Verstappen at the top of the Drivers' Championship standings. Former Williams driver Paul di Resta suggested after Saturday's qualifying session that Sainz's confidence may have taken a hit as a result of his shortcomings in Q3 but conceded that he was unfortunate to have seen his efforts dashed by the timing of the red flags."He was a bit late firing up I believe," said Di Resta. "He was unlucky with the red flag then the pressure ramps up and can you deal with the pressure?"He just fell slightly short but he has had a very good weekend until now. It is a shame because it is a dent to his confidence." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE