Jambuster, an app which vows to help drivers navigate around London, has reported flooding issues in places. Several disruptions across East London were reported by Jambuster last night, stretching from Bexley to Upminster. The Black Prince Interchange on the A2 was hit by two eastbound lane closures due to flooding, leading traffic to slow on approach. However, Jambuster has since said: "It looks like the disruption has cleared". Upminster in Havering also reportedly had flooding issues on an eastbound slip road on the A127 Southend Arterial Road. Jambuster warned commuters: "Use caution on the approach." A102 Blackwall Tunnel, which connects Tower Hamlets to Greenwich, reportedly has "minor delays" after earlier flooding. However, the tunnel has reopened to drivers despite some surface water remaining in place. Jambuster said: "Tunnel has reopened following the earlier flooding. JUST IN: UK snow: Britain to be lashed with 4cm snow as bitter -5C cold snap returns "Tunnel has reopened, residual queues are quickly clearing." Travel issues come after the Met Office warned rain and showers could persist throughout Thursday. In a forecast, the UK's national weather service said: "Bands of rain or showers will move southwards across many parts with some snow on northern hills. "Some drier, sunnier interludes, especially in the south this morning. "Windy for many with gales affecting some coasts, and feeling cold." Looking ahead to Friday, the Met Office added: "Rain affecting southern England for a time, clearing by afternoon. "Elsewhere, a mixture of sunny spells and showers, some heavy with hail, sleet, and snow on hills. Cold and windy." The UK currently has one active flood warning and one active flood alert. The flood warning has been issued in Ayr to Troon in Scotland. "A combination of high tides and prevailing weather conditions means that flooding from the sea is expected to affect low lying land, roads and properties along the coastline from Ayr to Troon," the Scottish Environment Protection Agency (SEPA) has warned. "Flooding in and around low-lying parts of Prestwick Links road is possible. "Wave overtopping is expected to affect low lying parts of Prestwick Links road. "Flooding impacts are expected between 1.30am and 5am on Thursday April 7." SEPA added: "Remain vigilant and remember, it is your responsibility to take actions which help protect yourself and your property." DON'T MISS:Biden gaffe leaves White House reeling [REVEALED]Macron savaged by Polish PM [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak savaged by former Tory advisor over political ambitions [OPINION] The flood alert has been issued for Somerset coast at Porlock Weir in England. The Environment Agency said: "Strong winds may cause large waves and spray overtopping on the coast overnight into tomorrow morning. "Areas most at risk include the coastline between Gore Point and Hurlstone Point including Porlock Weir, although no property flooding is expected." They added: "Please be careful along beaches, promenades, coastal footpaths and roads as large waves and sea spray could be dangerous. "After these tides‚ the weather is more settled and no further impacts are expected. "We will continue to monitor the forecast and expect to be able to remove this message by 12pm on April 7."