Plans are expected to be introduced later this year which aim at banning pavement parking and fining drivers who could obstruct other drivers. Avon and Somerset Police in South Somerset have been out in their area warning drivers of the fines they face if they park illegally. They tweeted: “PCSO Will from the Wincanton NPT (neighbourhood policing team) has been in Henstridge and Templecombe handing out parking penalty notices to vehicles parked illegally. “The Wincanton NPT continues to educate road users and will use Traffic Offence Report tickets for repeat offenders.” In most places around the UK, pavement parking bans are enforced by the local council. They can only charge drivers if they are parked on yellow lines or if signs say it’s not permitted. READ MORE: Land Rover driver fined £1,000 after passing cyclist The Department for Transport has announced that it is considering bringing the rest of the country in line with London. In London, drivers can be fined up to £130, unless they pay within 14 days, in which case the penalty will be reduced by half. Under the Greater London Council (General Powers) Act, motorists cannot park on urban roads with their car’s wheels on pavements, grass verges or any land between carriageways. Any areas where it is permitted to do so will be clearly signposted or feature white road markings to designate the areas. DON'T MISSGarage owner fears 80% of his drivers hit by new red diesel law [SHOCKING]Drivers warned as holding up traffic could lead to massive £5,000 fine [WARNING]Motorists will be able to watch TV, check emails in self-driving cars [IMPORTANT] Motorists in Hull have also been slamming drivers who choose to park on pavements, with many leaving angry comments on social media. A photo was uploaded to Facebook which shows a car on a grass verge due to a lack of parking spaces on the road. The person who took and uploaded the image questioned whether the authorities would take action against the owner. One commenter responded saying: "Sorry, but in my opinion you need to get a hobby and by hobby I mean something that stops you being a busybody and trying to cause trouble for someone! “It's absolutely none of your business and they are doing you no harm at all. "You can still get past there, they aren't blocking you! Are they parked on your front? If not then stop being bitter. “Where I live we've no other option as all the roads in my area are small roads and rammed with no garage." Hull Live reported that another local resident claimed: "Depends on local authorities, a lot of places fine for parking on grass verges. “Obviously they've had to drive along the pavement which is a traffic offence. "You may cross a pavement when there's access, dropped kerb. They haven't crossed the pavement they've driven along it. Are they actually causing a problem though?" The RAC advises drivers outside of London to use common sense when faced with no other option but to park on the pavement. It continued saying: “If you are parking along a narrow road, where parking wholly on the road would stop other cars, and particularly emergency vehicles, from getting through, then it is a sensible option to park partially on a pavement. “Providing there are no parking restrictions and providing you are not blocking a wheelchair user or pram from using the pavement. “If there are restrictions, or your parking would cause wheelchair users or people with prams to have to walk into the road, then you should find somewhere else to park.”