Mark 'The Beast' Labbett took on voice and life coach Rachel as his first rival on Friday's The Chase, but sadly a silly blunder meant she wasn't in the competition for long. When her first question on the ITV game show came up, host Bradley Walsh informed her of the answer she'd picked, which came as a surprise to her as she revealed she had "meant" to select a different choice, which would end up being correct. Chaser Mark looked exasperated as he placed his head in his hands over the costly mistake. Rachel earned £4,000 in her cash-builder, which Bradley commented she was "better than". As the next round began, Mark strolled out to take the Chaser's seat and quipped: "Voice coach, life coach... soon to be on a coach." He offered Rachel a high choice of £22,000, but she decided to play it safe with the £4,000. "You're a strong player, so go in the middle... if you're a strong player, go high!" Mark mocked. READ MORE: MAFS Australia: Producers allegedly cut out key scenes from Domenica "It's strategy, it's strategy, Mark," Rachel replied as the Chaser teased: "It's rubbish." Bradley asked the payer her first question, which was: "Jawtooth is an old-fashioned name for what?" The answer options were incisor, molar, or canine. "An incisor," Bradley read aloud as Rachel's answer popped up. "Oh, did I?" she asked. "I didn't mean to put that, I meant to put B. There you go." Mark looked sympathetic but amused as he covered his face with his hands over Rachel's blunder. "The correct answer is molar," Bradley confirmed as Rachel gasped and repeated: "I meant to put B." She added: "I didn't look." However, it turned out Mark too had answered incorrectly, seemingly letting Rachel off the hook. "That's a bit awkward for us," the 61-year-old host admitted as the round got off to a shaky start. DON'T MISS... Why isn't The One Show on BBC One tonight? [LATEST]Amanda Holden talks future of Britain's Got Talent '20 more years' [EXCLUSIVE]MasterChef contestant breaks down in tears over family recipe dish [VIDEO] "We could have been one step ahead further on, there you go." Rachel's bad luck didn't end there though, and she faced a brutal round of questions and she, unfortunately, ended up answering all the other questions incorrectly. "Am I going to lose my first player so quickly?" Bradley asked as Mark came dangerously close to Rachel on the board. It seem inevitable as the professional quizzer soon caught up with Rachel and she was knocked out of the game. "Okay, that was tricky," Bradley admitted, adding: "They were tough questions, I've got to say." He continued: "I'm sorry to lose you, that puts the team on the backfoot now actually, The Beast is in good form. "Lovely to meet you but unfortunately Rachel you have been caught and your time on The Chase is over." The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.