Liverpool are expected to be in the market for a new central midfielder this summer, according to reports. The Reds are sitting pretty, still in the hunt for a quadruple, but behind the scenes at the club thoughts have already turned to the upcoming transfer window and how to best strengthen Jurgen Klopp’s squad.    Klopp’s decision to sign a new contract, which extends his stay – and those of his assistants – until the summer of 2026 provides clarity. Liverpool have made a concerted effort to tie down their most important players to new contracts but gaps in the squad will open in coming years. While the futures of Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah are the top priority, with both out of contract in June 2023, central midfield is another area of concern. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Naby Keita are both about to enter the final years of their deals, while James Milner is 36 years old and, as things stand at least, out of contract on July 1. Liverpool have Jordan Henderson (31), Thiago Alcantara (31) and Fabinho (28) still in their prime, while Curtis Jones (21) and Harvey Elliott (19) are exciting prospects for the future. Nevertheless, a new addition in midfield is ‘expected’ and ‘likely’ according to Goal. JUST IN: Eriksen school hunting amid Tottenham or Brentford choice - EXCLUSIVE  The report states that Borussia Dortmund’s Jude Bellingham and Monaco’s Aurelien Tchouameni are two of the names at the top of the recruitment department’s wishlist. Both have enjoyed outstanding seasons and fit Liverpool’s model of trying to recruit young players with their best years ahead of them. Bellingham has been in exceptional form for Dortmund and, despite being just 18, has long been linked with a move back to his home land, despite only joining the German club from Birmingham City in a £25million deal two years ago. Understandably, Dortmund don’t want to lose Bellingham in the same transfer window as Manchester City-bound Erling Haaland and have been busy renewing their efforts to keep him happy, according to Sport Bild. DON'T MISS Jurgen Klopp uses five words to sum up new Liverpool contract Liverpool transfer target Calvin Ramsay breaks silence on summer move Joe Gomez's stance on quitting Liverpool for Aston Villa  That has involved reassuring Bellingham of his importance to the club’s plans going forward and offering him a more prominent No 10 role. The England international is under contract with Dortmund until June 2025 and would reportedly be worth ‘over’ £83million (€100m). Meanwhile, Tchouameni, 22, has caught the eye of Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid, as well as Liverpool, and is expected to fetch upwards of £42m (€50m) if he does leave Monaco this summer. 