State pensioners will have to juggle many costs, often with a limited income, which can prove challenging. As such, finding ways to save money will be key, especially as prices continue to soar. To help with this, the broadband and TV supplier Sky has confirmed a new deal. It is being made available to those above state pension age who receive Pension Credit, as well as those who are claiming Universal Credit. The intention is to help these individuals to save £90 a year, a way to cut back on at least one cost. Sky’s new deal is for broadband, and is called the Broadband Basics contract. READ MORE: State pensioners with health conditions could get up to £369 extra It will cost £20 per month for existing customers who get either Pension Credit or Universal Credit. Broadband Basics is an 18-month contract, offering an average download speed of 36Mb/s. It also covers ‘Pay as You Talk’ a system where Britons only pay for the calls they make. A deal of this kind usually costs £25 per month from the supplier, and as such, over the period, Britons could save £90. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis unpacks what your tax code means - check now [UPDATE]Couple share how they got rid of £800 mortgage payments [EXCLUSIVE]Man, 77, issues warning after being targeted for £6,000 in scam call [WARNING] After the 18 months expires, the price will go back to the standard rate. However, Sky will write to customers to let them know about what the new price will be. Individuals can also expect an email telling them when the price is coming to an end. When applying for the deal, Britons will need to provide their National Insurance number. This is so Sky can check a person’s eligibility. It is important to note the deal is only available to customers who already have Sky Broadband. These people will need to get in touch with the company to find out about switching to Broadband Basics. Those who do not already have Sky Broadband also have the option of securing a £20 per month deal through NOW. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The NOW deal may be available to people who are not already customers with the provider, if they are eligible. They have been advised to speak to NOW to find out more about the deal. Natalie Hitchins, Which? Head of Home Products and Services, said: ‘During the cost of living crisis, it’s positive to see Sky   and NOW launch social tariff broadband deals for households claiming Universal or Pension Credit. “Providers should properly publicise social tariffs to customers to ensure that anyone who’s eligible is aware of and able to easily take up social tariff deals. “We would encourage any providers who don’t currently offer social tariffs to consider whether they can offer further support to their most financially vulnerable customers.”