While washing machines use a lot less electricity than a dryer, the appliance can still rack up an expensive bill, especially if using it everyday. According to the Energy Saving Trust, a seven kilogram washing machine used 220 times a year will typically cost between £25 to £35 a year to run. In fact, wet appliances account for nearly 10 percent of a typical households’ energy bills. One expert has shared different ways households can be more mindful when they wash their clothing. Paula Quazi, sustainable cleaning expert and Smol co-founder, told Express.co.uk: “With bills rising, it’s more important than ever that we’re all washing well, doing your laundry in a more energy-efficient way is not only better for the planet, but also could potentially ensure big savings on your energy bills. “Good laundry detergents today are effective at low temperatures so there is no need to wash at high temperatures unless it’s something like underwear or towels. “Bio laundry detergent, for example, contains enzymes that break down common stains. “Because higher temperatures would denature the enzymes, it’s recommended you wash at 30 degrees.” READ MORE: Is it cheaper to boil water in a microwave? According to Which?, washing at 30 degrees instead of 40 degrees reduces energy use by 38 percent. As well as saving energy, it reduces carbon emissions by 858,000 tonnes, the same as taking 388,000 cars off the roads. Reducing washing temperature by just 10 degrees could also save households in bills. The expert continued: “Another top tip is to dig out the guide to your washing machine and work out the best cycle for your machine. DON'T MISS:Buyers ‘facing a far higher cost’ for a home as stock remains ‘slim’ [EXPERT]Property: ‘Basic steps’ to save on household bills [COMMENT]How to sow hardy annuals in April including sunflowers [EXPLAINER] “You want the shortest, coolest, lowest water cycle possible, this isn’t always the one called ‘eco’ so it’s always worth doing a bit of research. “Your tumble dryer is the domestic appliance that uses the most energy in the home, with the average tumble dryer using roughly around 4.5 kWh per cycle. “While it may not be quite as easy during the long and cold winter months, as we move into spring and it starts to warm up, it pays to dry your laundry outside. “Air drying not only has a big impact on your energy bills but also on the environment.” Households can also save money when it comes to how many washes they do. Paula said this is the “best way” to save a couple of extra pounds. The expert explained: “If each UK household cut back by just one wash a month, together we’d save the same amount of energy as heating 43,000 homes for a year. “This means waiting until you have a full load before putting on a wash. “It’s likely most items of clothing don’t need to be washed after every wear and getting another wear out of clothes is pretty simple. “Try shaking out your clothes and hanging them up to the air once you take them off at the end of the day. “You can also do a sniff test, re-freshen your clothes with steam or an iron to give them a new lease of life.” The cleaning expert also recommended trying to spot any spills on clothing and instead of putting the item in the wash, mist a solution of water and essential oils over hardier fabrics. It is always worth checking the garment care instructions first. Paula added: “Half loads or loads that aren’t completely full are a sure fire way to run up costs but judging a full load is easy with this one handy tip. “Simply leave a palm’s width between the top of your laundry and the top inside of the drum, any less and the washing won’t have room to clean. “If there’s more space than the width of your palm then you know you’re not fully loaded.”