This article contains spoilers from the final Peaky Blinders episode. The Michael Gray actor took to Instagram in view of his one-million followers to mark the end of the hit BBC series. Telling his fans he hoped they enjoyed the final show, the 26-year-old posted a series of photographs from set and captioned the post with a broken heart emoji. Fans praised the series and expressed their gratitude to the producers and stars of Peaky Blinders. Posting four photos of himself on the set of Peaky Blinders, Finn wrote: "Final ep of #peakyblinders hope you've enjoyed." The series ran for a decade and built up a strong fanbase exploring the roots of the Birmingham crime gang in the aftermath of the First World War. In the last instalment, protagonist Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) managed to survive despite being given a fatal diagnosis in previous episodes. Finn's character Michael was introduced in the third series of the show as the son of Polly Shelby (Helen McCrory). READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... Michael was formerly a powerful and high-ranking member of the Peaky Blinders. But he was banished from the Shelby business in season five after revealing his plans to take over. Michael swore he would kill Tommy, and upon his release from prison, it seemed he would make good his word. The final episode also saw Tommy confronting Michael yet again, who was determined to avenge his mother Polly’s death. Tommy ended up cheating death though before realising his diagnosis had been incorrect. Finn's character became the key antagonist of the series, together with his wife Gina Gray (Anya Taylor-Joy). The pair spent season six formulating a plan to restructure the Shelby company in the US and put Michael in charge. Finn's brother Joe also starred in the drama, playing John Shelby, who was killed off the series back in 2017. DON'T MISS... Michaela Strachan first husband: Who was TV presenter married to? [LATEST]'I couldn't' Gogglebox fans feel for Mary over 'annoying' Giles [REACTION]Ralf Little slaps down ‘easy’ Death in Paradise role comments [LATEST] His popular character was killed by the American Mafia following a warning, much to the upset of shocked fans. Fans of the show also took to social media to praise the concluding episode and the official BBC Twitter account also posted: "Thanks for watching #PeakyBlinders. "Thank you to all the incredible fans who have been a part of the journey over the last ten years. We couldn’t have done it without your support. Now we Peaky Blinders rest." Responding, Twitter user Jane Wilson wrote: "Loved it! However disappointed that Lizzie was reduced to a 5 minute part. Why are women always minimised in these types of shows?" Chris Cooper penned: "Unbelievable ending. One thing that may of gone under the radar is Arthur killing himself? His note was pretty conclusive, sad that he has done that for nothing, what a show and well done everyone." (sic) "Wanna know what happens with the Mosley side of things seemed like unfinished business," @pmb0161 commented. Kenny added: "Was not expecting Tommy to survive but boy am I glad." "An absolute masterpiece series from beginning to end, stunning in every respect, sad to see the series end but bring on the film #PeakyBlinders," Sam Reader commented. Fan Michelle remarked: "You CAN'T end it like that surely." Producer Steven Knight confirmed the sixth season would be the last to air on BBC One as the series looks forward to the upcoming film. Peaky Blinders is available to watch on BBC iPlayer and Netflix. 