But the issues we have with President Macron are very real and are likely to deepen now that he has secured a second term, the first to do so since Jacques Chirac, who beat Le Pen’s unambiguously fascist father, Jean-Marie, in 2002. Macron will surely be emboldened by his success. Most immediately, that may sharpen the differences between him and the UK over our response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Hilariously, during the presidential campaign Macron seems to have consciously attempted to copy the rugged image of his Ukrainian counterpart Volodymyr Zelensky, being photographed unshaven, and wearing a hoodie with the logo CPA 10 – a branch of the French special forces. But the reality has been rather different. France has given the impression of being dragged into supplying military hardware to Ukraine – and has ruled out supplying the tanks that have been asked for. Asked in a recent interview why the French have been so reticent to support Ukraine with more than just words, President Zelensky said: “Because they are afraid of Russia. And that’s it. And those who say it first are the first to be afraid.” Ouch. But it is worse than that. Macron is said to have been pushing for a “negotiated” settlement – as he did when he visited Vladimir Putin in Moscow in February. Reliable news organisation Politico says “no other leader spends as much time talking to Putin as Macron”. That sounds sensible; surely it’s better to negotiate than to fight? But when you strip away the spin and look at what that actually means in the context of Ukraine today, it means France – and whoever it can get to support it – dictating to a sovereign nation when it has to stop fighting for its liberty, and when it has to start making concessions to the invader. This thinly veiled appeasement is far from unique to Macron.  There is a thread throughout modern French history of different forms of capitulation to aggression – either outright or couched in highfalutin terms such as the French are said to be espousing over negotiations in Ukraine, or as his predecessor Jacques Chirac pushed over the Iraq War in 2003 when Iraq was a key trading partner. For Macron, the idea of France – in the form of the president of France – as a great power stepping in to heal Europe from conflict doubtless plays to the self-glorifying complex that has led to his nickname in France, “Jupiter”; because Macron is God of all he surveys. One can also trace this idea of him as Europe’s “man of destiny” in his policy towards the EU. With Angela Merkel gone, Macron is now both the longestserving EU leader and, vitally, leader of one of its core powers. He appears to believe his own fantasy portrayal of the EU as some kind of uniquely superefficient, super-wise and supernecessary body – albeit one that needs his vision and France’s might to shape it towards even further heights. Such is his desire to lead Europe that he is said to be envious of Boris Johnson’s standing in Ukraine. That is one reason why he was so dogmatically opposed to Brexit and why he believes the UK must still be punished for it.  If we are able to show that existence outside the EU is not only possible but sensible, that aura of inevitability around further EU deepening collapses. Yet Macron’s determination to resist change, and to punish Brexit, can only make things worse. The EU – as events have repeatedly shown in recent years – is not fit for purpose. What ever his faults, the fact is he is here to stay. We need to reach an accommodation with him over refugees and people smuggling across the Channel. And if we are to avoid unilateral action over the Northern Ireland Protocol, we need to find a way to garner EU support for a change in the Brexit treaty. Both of these may seem, or even be, impossible. But it is the nature of international relations that agreements have to be made when you start out from opposite positions. That will be the challenge of the next five years when dealing with France. 