Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are in The Hague, Netherlands, attending this year’s Invictus Games. The couple arrived last night for the Games’ reception, and they have stepped out again today for the tournament’s first full day of competitions. Meghan opted for a casual look, wearing a pair of denim jeans and a navy blue jacket. The jacket is collarless and is adorned with gold buttons down its centre and on its sleeve cuffs. The Duchess completed her outfit with a black handbag with a gold strap and gold jewellery. She wore one gold necklace around her neck and a matching bracelet. READ MORE: Aldi shoppers praised £7 face cream for 'youthful' results Meghan greeted the Games’ participants while clutching a pair of gold sunglasses. Her sleek hair was pulled back in an understated ponytail and her make up was minimal except for a subtle smoky eye and plenty of mascara. Royal fans were quick to comment on Meghan’s look on social media. Twitter user Mimi Roche said: “Stunningly gorgeous.”  Shellie Nadine wrote: “Flawless.” Eliana Bovenje commented: “Perfection.” User @mamgcina_1 said: “She is absolutely stunning. Drinking water and minding your business pays really well.” Lola Michelle simply wrote: “My goodness.” Meghan wore a plain white T-shirt underneath her jacket and finished her look with a pair of two-toned ballet flats. The Duchess’ navy blue jacket is by iconic French fashion house Céline and from the designer’s Spring/Summer 2022 collection. Her bag is also by Céline, while her ballet flats are Chanel. This casual look is very different to the outfit Meghan wore yesterday to the Invictus Games’ reception. The Duchess was dressed in an all-white Valentino trouser suit and white stilettos. Her blazer was the oversized double-breasted twill blazer, and is currently on sale on Matches Fashion for $3,400, or £2,600. Meanwhile, her bag was also from Valentino and her heels from Aquazzura. Meghan’s bag was the One Stud Nappa Bag with Chain and is currently priced at £2,200. Thanks to its sliding chain, it can be worn as a crossbody or shoulder bag.