The Chase's Anne "The Governess" Hegerty dived into her past on Tuesday night's DNA Journey on ITV. Travelling with The Chase quizzer Shaun "The Dark Destroyer" the pair went from Liverpool to Jamaica while learning about their ancestors. Anne discovered she was, in fact, related to royalty, but while discussing the show on Good Morning Britain, host Richard Madeley had no time for the newly regal Anne.  During the hour and 15-minute episode, she learnt Queen Elizabeth II was her 19th cousin. GMB Entertainment Reporter Vick Hope recapped the show and was met with a jovial retort from presenter Richard. After finishing her segment, he said: "She’s not my favourite person at the moment." A puzzled Vick replied: "Oh, really?" Read More: Ozark season 4 theory: Sam to attack Wendy as fans work out major trailer clue    Talking about his near win on the ITV general knowledge show, he commented back: "No. "I was on The Chase on Saturday, and we nearly got a lot of money for charity, and she caught me just in the last two minutes. "We nearly got it, but she caught me." In her segment, Vick relayed the news: "We all know Anne Hegerty as The Governess from quiz show The Chase but governess might be too lowly a title for the quizzing star. Much, much too lowly.   "It might be a good idea to call her Queen Anne." During her stint on DNA Journey, the I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! contestant also opened up about her childhood and being diagnosed with autism. She said: "I was quite a troubled child because, in those days, people didn't know how to spot autism. "So nobody could quite work out what it was that was so high maintenance about me." DON’T MISS…Which The Last Kingdom characters are based on real people? [LATEST]‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show [LATEST]Derry Girls writer claims Brexiteers 'didn't know what they were voting for' [LATEST]    Shaun spoke fondly of his co-star and friend and added: "You know, we all rallied around to support her, and that's the way we are, I suppose. "That the respect we do have for each other, not only as chasers but as friends." She also revealed: "I tend to be in a way rather cynical about families. "People say, ‘were you brought up in a nuclear family?’ and I was like, ‘It kind of exploded, so yeah.'   In the losing corner with Richard on The Chase, Bradley Walsh recruited actor Perry Fenwick, comedian Jenny Eclair and presenter Ore Oduba to take on The Governess at the weekend.