Mr McManus made the remarks on Twitter in March 2020. The post has since been deleted but SNP chiefs, ahead of Scotland's local elections next month, have now told the Scottish Daily Express the candidate for Murdostoun on North Lanarkshire Council should be dropped. The comment came amid a row between Britain and Greece over the repatriation of the collection of Elgin Marbles, which has caused controversy for more than 200 years – ever since they were taken from the Parthenon in 1802 on the order of Lord Elgin, Britain's then-ambassador to the Ottoman Empire. In possession of the British Museum since 1816, successive Greek Prime Ministers have argued the marbles were illegally hacked from the temple at a time when it was a subject nation without voice or sovereignty. Mr McManus, referring to a 2020 article on the UK Government's refusal to hand over the artefacts, said: "I see thousands of years of Murder, rape, pillage and plunder are starting to catch up with you. "Everything the monarchy and [British] empire stands for." READ MORE: Boris praised for standing firm as EU wades into Elgin Marbles row Scottish Conservative Central Scotland MSP Meghan Gallacher dubbed the remark "utterly abhorrent" and "completely beyond the pale". She said: "It is astonishing that the SNP thought somebody with these hate-filled views was fit to stand for re-election. "They have no place in our political debate and are deeply offensive. "The SNP must condemn these comments in the strongest possible terms and guarantee they won’t be actively campaigning for him to be elected. "The monarchy is widely respected across Scotland, yet the nationalists were all too happy for this individual with such an extreme position to stand which speaks volumes." Alex Cole-Hamilton, leader of the Scottish Lib Dems, said: "This kind of ill-judged and extremist language from SNP hopefuls tells you everything you need to know about the dark underbelly of Scottish Nationalism. "Whilst the history of the British Empire is certainly chequered, you can't blame the Queen for the bad parts of British history. "The SNP need to get the chip off their shoulder, stop living in the past and focus on the cost of living crisis, eye-watering healthcare waits and widening education gap. "The SNP should take a long hard look at who they are fielding for elected office." The row comes two weeks after Vanessa Shand, a Scottish Labour candidate for Perth and Kinross council, taunted a party MP over her Catholic faith and backed a former soldier who was charged with murdering civilians on Bloody Sunday. DON'T MISSScottish voters brand expected massive SNP election win the end of Scotland [REPORT]'Scottish Labour is dying' Starmer warned [ANALYSIS]Sturgeon could STILL be 'at mercy of UK Chancellor' under independence dream [INSIGHT] Ms Shand tweeted in 2015: "So that's the SNP's game! "They want to replace the UK monarchy with a Catholic monarchy!! "Well I never." Meanwhile, Ms Shand's Twitter used to feature an "I Stand With Soldier F" logo, which refers to the former paratrooper who was charged over his role in the 1972 massacre in Derry. A Scottish Labour spokesperson said: "Every Scottish Labour candidate is expected to abide by our values, especially with regards to opposing forms of prejudice or hatred. "The Scottish Labour Party will act on evidence that any candidate has fallen short of these standards. "The person in question is no longer a Labour candidate." Separately, the SNP has been urged to fire national executive committee member Siobhan Tolland over a comment she made in 2010 calling Pope Benedict XVI a "c***". Ms Tolland, who is standing in the May council elections in Dundee, posted she "might have gone a wee bit too far" with her remarks against the Pope after a trip to Edinburgh to see him. She wrote on Facebook: "Siobhan thinks everyone should protest against the Pope for his cover-up of sex abuse crimes and is going to the demo on Lothian road..." The candidate for the Lochee ward also said she believed the CIA and the FBI were behind the 9/11 attacks. The posts have since been removed, with Ms Tolland saying she is "very sorry". A spokesperson for Dundee SNP said: "These posts, mainly from 12 years ago, are regrettable and reflect a difficult period in her life which she has long since moved on from.” Express.co.uk approached the SNP for comment.