Passport applications are taking longer to process in the UK following an influx of post-pandemic requests for new and renewed passports. Her Majesty’s Post office saw over five million people delay renewing their passport over 2020 and 2021, though eager holidaymakers could now be left unable to travel if they don’t apply at least 10 weeks before they set off. The Home Office has warned expected travellers to “be prepared” for the long delays, but exactly how long should you expect to wait? How can you speed up your application? Current processing times are estimated to take up to 10 weeks according to HM Passport Office. Applicants who are applying from outside of the UK should expect even longer waiting times. A spokesperson said: “In preparation for the demand for international travel returning, since April 2021 we have published clear guidance that our customers should allow up to ten weeks to get their passport. "In busier periods, call waiting times will take longer. However, we continue to work with our supplier to further recruit and support the effort to return response times closer to normal levels." READ MORE: Costa Blanca tourist tax sparks fury as Alicante says it's 'a mistake' Applying for a new passport can be done online if you require the standard service, or with a paper form from your local post office. A standard passport is £75.50 for an adult, and £49 for a child, though it will cost you an extra £9.50 if you choose to apply using the paper forms. Being prepared is crucial if you need a new or renewed passport before your holiday, but there are two other ways to speed up the process if you’ve left it too late. The first thing you will need to do is get an appointment at your nearest passport office. Currently there are only seven offices in the UK which are located in: Once you’ve made an appointment through the Government booking system, you can either use the one week fast track service or the online premium service. To use this service you will need to take specific documents to your appointment, after which you will receive your new passport within the week. This service can be used to: This service is fast but will set you back a significant amount of money for the speedy turnaround. You should expect to pay £142 for an adult passport (or £152 for a 50-page frequent traveller passport, or £122 for a child passport (or £132 for a 50-page frequent traveller passport). DON'T MISS:Jacob Rees-Mogg defends desk notes as he slams passport delays [ANALYSIS]Portugal is first EU country to allow UK visitors fast-tracked entry [REVEAL]Spain: Britons could face passport border chaos this summer [INSIGHT] The premium service offers you an online appointment which lasts up to 30 minutes, though it can only be used to renew adult passports which were issued after December 31, 2001. For your appointment you will need: To use this service you should expect to pay £177 or £187 for a 50-page frequent traveller passport. If you need a passport urgently due to essential reasons, you should call the Passport Adviceline. This can be used if you need to travel urgently to access medical treatment, or to visit a seriously ill friend or family member. The Passport Adviceline can also offer help with urgent requests in the event of an unexpected death abroad.