After Tiger Woods announced his intentions to play in this summer’s Open Championship at St. Andrews, the famous major event is expecting to see a record crowd of nearly 300,000 visit the iconic course. Woods made his long-awaited return to the PGA Tour at the Masters earlier this month 14 months on from a high-speed car accident. In the crash Woods sustained severe injuries, worrying many golf fans that they may never see him compete again. Remarkably though, the 15-time major champion worked through extensive rehabilitation in order to make a fairytale return at Augusta National. Following his Masters comeback Woods was asked what his plans were for the rest of the campaign, after previously confirming the rest of his career on the PGA Tour would be a part-time one due to the effects of the crash. One event the golfing great did confirm he would attend though was the Open Championship’s return to the home of golf this July. Woods had already previously mentioned his desire to play at St. Andrews this summer, and post-round at Augusta he once again reiterated this point. He told Sky Sports: “I won't be playing a full schedule ever again. It'll be just the big events… but I am looking forward to St. Andrews. JUST IN: Tiger Woods gives fans promising sign during US PGA practice round as major hopes build “That is something that is near and dear to my heart. You know, I've won two Opens there, it's the home of golf, it's my favourite golf course in the world. I will be there for that one.” Ahead of his return to the course where he has won two claret jugs, Open chiefs have revealed this year’s event will see a record crowd descend on the Scottish coast, with 290,000 tickets sold. The crowd will pip the previous record set back in 2000 of 239,000, when Woods secured his maiden Open title at the iconic Old Course. DON'T MISSPhil Mickelson spotted ramping up return after making Saudi Golf League decisionPhil Mickelson legacy defended by Spanish star John Rahm after Saudi Arabia commentsSaudi League set to stay as defiant Greg Norman starts to 'tempt' big names like Garcia In a statement R&A CEO Martin Slumbers said: “The 150th Open at St Andrews is going to be a momentous occasion for golf and this is clearly reflected in the extraordinary demand among fans to be part of this historic playing of the Championship. We very much appreciate their passion and enthusiasm for The Open and are delighted that we will set a new attendance record that far exceeds the previous best set in 2000.” When Woods confirmed his Open attendance in Georgia early this month, the American said he was unsure about whether he would compete in the next major on the calendar, next month’s PGA Championship. However, he had more good news for golf fans this week, after his name was included on the Southern Hills event’s entry list ahead of play in just two weeks' time.