Former world No 9 Marc Rosset has explained why Novak Djokovic’s recent split with Marian Vajda “can’t compare” to Rafael Nadal’s split with his uncle and former coach Toni. The retired Swiss player has already warned the world No 1 that it didn’t “pay off” the last time he parted ways with his long-time coach but said the split wasn’t the same as Nadal and his uncle Toni with Nadal and Djokovic both now working with former Grand Slam champions in Carlos Moya and Goran Ivanisevic. Djokovic announced early last month that he had parted ways with long-time coach Marian Vajda, a decision the pair reportedly came to at the end of the 2021 season. He is now working solely with Goran Ivanisevic in a move similar to when Nadal ended his lifelong partnership with his uncle Toni and began working with Carlos Moya. Despite the similarities, retired Swiss pro Rosset has pointed out that Djokovic and Nadal’s coaching changes still can’t be compared as he told RTS: “Yes, but Moya has always been Rafa's big brother. They have a bond of several years also, the fact that Carlos helped the young Nadal at the time.” When Nadal and his uncle were set to end their professional partnership at the end of 2017, retired former world No 1 Moya joined the Spaniard’s team to work alongside Toni before the elder Nadal stopped travelling as his nephew’s coach. Djokovic brought Ivanisevic in ahead of Wimbledon in 2018 and he coached the Serb alongside Vajda until this year. JUST IN: Raducanu-led Great Britain squad lose Billie Jean King Cup qualifiers   But Rosset thought the tactics were completely different thanks to Moya’s long-term investment in the current world No 4, as Nadal trained with the 1998 French Open champion before he had turned pro and was still just 14-years-old, later going on to defeat his mentor on a clay court in a tour-level match two years later. It meant Moya had been well aware of Toni’s game plan and coaching methods with his nephew from long before Nadal became a world No 1 and multiple-Grand Slam champion, allowing him to continue Toni’s work with ease following the Mallorcan’s departure from camp Nadal. Rosset said this set Nadal’s split apart from Djokovic and Vajda, explaining: “Their relationship is a continuation of what was done with Toni,  You can't compare that with Djokovic.” DON'T MISSRaducanu bathes feet in 'surgical spirit' after feeling 'helpless'Nadal 'can't play properly for a long time' as Becker explains injuryRaducanu injury leaves Britain with tough BJK Cup call after Dart win   The 1992 Olympic champion’s comments come after he warned Djokovic about the lack of success last time he split with Vajda for a year in 2017. The Serb failed to make it past the quarter-finals of a Grand Slam without his long-time mentor by his side and has won 85 of his 86 career titles with the Croat in his team. "I'm curious to see what it will be like now that he broke up with his longtime coach, Marian Vajda. Because last time it happened, it didn't pay off,” Rosset previously said. There has been little to go off so far this season with Djokovic playing just two events and going 2-2 in wins and losses, with his most recent defeat coming in his opening match at the Monte Carlo Masters. He will next be in action in next week’s Serbia Open, held in his own Novak Tennis Centre in Belgrade. 