Emily Maitlis, 51, has thrown her support behind Mastermind host Clive Myrie, 57, to replace her as the new presenter of Newsnight after she quit to launch a new podcast with Global. Since her departure, Clive has been tipped to take her place after he led the BBC’s coverage in Ukraine Ms Maitlis was quizzed on whether she thought Clive would be a good fit when she attended the Radio Times Covers Party last week. She said: “I just think Clive is terrific. “He has done well and I’m sure the team would give him a really warm welcome. "They are the best in the business and it’s the loveliest gang, it’s the loveliest group of people." READ MORE:Sandra Bullock stuns as Channing Tatum gazes at actress Emily concluded to Radio Times reporters that she "hopes, for his sake, he gets it”. The political correspondent revealed in February she was quitting the BBC after 20 years. The move will see her launch the new podcast alongside former BBC North America Editor, Jon Sopel. They previously hosted BBC podcast, Americast, which discussed US politics. Emily said their new podcast will "build on everything they achieved" with Americast but will "find new audiences with Global". She announced the news in a statement on Twitter, saying: “Some work news – Jon Sopel and I are going to launch a brand new podcast with Global, exec produced by Dino Sofos. “It’s an amazing opportunity to do something we all love, and we are so thrilled Global is giving us this opportunity to be big and ambitious with this project.” Emily added that it will be a “wrench” to leave the BBC after two decades. DON'T MISSKelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home[INSIGHT]Chris Rock's brother hits out at Will Smith again over Oscars slap[LATEST]Zoe Ball forced to leave midway through Radio 2 show due to illness[NEWS] She concluded: “I am so grateful for the opportunities I’ve had there. More than anything I’m grateful to have worked with the most incredible people - many of whom are dear friends. I owe my BBC colleagues everything." Full details of Emily and Jon’s podcast are set to be released later in the year. Emily first joined Newsnight in 2006 and her most famous interview came when she sat down with Prince Andrew in 2019. The interview even saw her win the Network Presenter of the Year award at the RTS Television Journalism Awards in 2020. Since her departure, Clive became a popular choice for her replacement and it was reported that BBC bosses were hoping to secure him for the role. An insider told the Mail on Sunday last month: “Clive is adored at the BBC. He is a proper journalist, but very nice with it. “He can do anything. He is primarily an amazing journalist, but he can also present, making him the perfect fit.”