State pension payments often hinge on the contributions made throughout a person’s lifetime. For the old basic state pension, Britons will need 30 qualifying years to unlock the full sum. When it comes to the new state pension, the Government states 10 qualifying years are required to get anything at all. They do not have to be 10 qualifying years in a row. In total, 35 qualifying years are usually needed if a person wants to get the full new state pension. They should be aware they could get less than the full sum if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. READ MORE: State pensioners set for ‘tough time’ - could you get £3,330? But what is a qualifying year? How do Britons know if they are eligible? For the new state pension, the Government has clearly laid out the criteria. Working individuals who pay National Insurance will get a qualifying year if: The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), has acknowledged some people may be working but earning less than £184 a week. DON'T MISS WASPI women receive update - 'further evidence' to be reviewed [UPDATE]‘Had no idea!’ WASPI woman, 70, frustrated at state pension age change [EXCLUSIVE]Drawdown vs. annuity - how to determine what's best for your pension [ANALYSIS] Individuals may still get a qualifying year if they earn between £120 and £184 a week from one employer. Some, however, may not be working, but this does not mean they cannot get contributions. Certain people could be entitled to National Insurance credits if they cannot work, for example, due to illness or disability. Others could get credits if they are unemployed, and receive support such as Jobseeker’s Allowance or Employment and Support Allowance (ESA). Carers who claim Carer’s Allowance may be eligible for National Insurance credits. In addition, if a person receives Child Benefit for a child under 12, or under 16 before 2010, they could get vital credits. Gaps in a National Insurance record could prevent someone from getting the full state pension. However, this is not always the case as individuals may have enough to get them to the full figure. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea To find out more, individuals can request a National Insurance statement from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to check if their record has gaps. People can also get a state pension forecast from the Government which outlines how much state pension they may get. Some people could pay voluntary NI contributions in the hopes of increasing their state pension amount. For the current tax year, Class 3 NI contributions cost £15.85 per week. It is, however, worth noting voluntary contributions do not always increase one’s state pension. For this reason, Britons are encouraged to contact the Pension Service before making any payments.