On the BBC show Morning Live today, Dave Fishwick, founder of Bank of Dave, explained ways in which people can tackle their debt. He explained that there are around 14.5 million people struggling to make ends meet. As the cost of living crisis continues, many people are turning to short term debt as things become more expensive. However this can easily turn into long term debt and become a real problem. When strapped for cash, many people may opt to try and secure a loan and borrow, but debt can come in many forms. Mr Fishwick spoke to Joe about the best ways he can manage his situation. READ MORE: Areas listed of where scammers will target YOUR council tax rebate - alerts issued Joe has been struggling with money since his hours reduced at work. He only had around two days of work within three months and everything fell behind. He is now struggling to get back on top of his rent and pay his bills. “It’s a loop I can’t get out of,” he said. Mr Fishwick wanted to go through Joe’s overdraft as this can be a way to save hundreds. “Get into your overdraft then. The fee in interest is over £8 a day. “That’s £250 a month which is a colossal amount of money out your wage every month to pay an overdraft of £500 a month." Joe explained that he has been looking for loans to clear his overdraft debt. He continued: “Recently I looked at loans but I know I’ll put myself in a deep hole of trouble. “I can’t remember exact numbers but I was looking for £2,000 over 24 months, and that’s £6,500 repayment for 24 months.” “Wow,” Mr Fishwich said in shock. Joe was prepared to borrow £2,000 and have to pay back £6,500. “It’s terrifying,” Joe said. Mr Fishwick devised a plan of action for Joe to follow. He said: “The first thing I want you to do is buy a little bit of breathing space. “I want you to get your bank overdraft frozen and we can ask them for an interest free overdraft for a period of time to pay this off. “Or we can get you a sustainable loan elsewhere and I will help you look for that. “But one way or another, we need to get that overdraft stopped.” Morning Live continues tomorrow on BBC One at 9.15am.