The ITV show has insisted no offence was intended after Britain's Got Talent viewers made the connection with "Jim Crow" laws which enforced racial segregation in the United States. The talent show has explained there was no reference made to Jim Crow in Jim Fitzpatrick's performance. The contestant has appeared on the programme multiple times to dance for the judges dressed as different "characters". Jim, 63, entered the stage in this year's series in a home-made full-sized crow outfit. He began to perform his routine as presenter Ant McPartlin commented: "That's what it's all about." Simon Cowell immediately hit the buzzer as Jim stood on stage flapping his "wings" to the music. Alesha Dixon followed before Amanda Holden and David Walliams also hit their buzzers to stop the audition. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revenge "Jim, did you make the costume yourself?" David inquired after the performance had stopped. "I did, yeah," the show regular casually replied before David stated: "Can I ask why?" "I've always wanted to make a crow costume," Jim revealed. Jim received four nos from the judges and left the stage. He appeared in the 2018 series dressed as a grandfather clock before returning the next year in a disco-themed outfit. He has also auditioned as a cat, a boat and an alien in older series. However, some viewers picked up on the fact that his act this year could be linked with the racist laws which were around in the late 19th century in America. A spokesperson from the show told Metro: "At no point during his audition was Jim Fitzpatrick referred to as Jim Crow. "No offence was intended with the performance and BGT is proud to be a diverse and inclusive show, amplified through moments like the BAFTA award-winning Diversity performance shown in the last series." DON'T MISS... Phillip Schofield slams Prince Harry's 'protection' remark [LATEST]Garraway erupts at Scully defending Johnson as he mentions Derek [VIDEO]Kate Garraway blasts Prince Harry's 'strange' comments about Queen [VIDEO] Express.co.uk has contacted ITV for a comment on the backlash. Taking to social media, some fans of the show pointed out the bleak comparison. Twitter user @hello_selo wrote: "Did I just see that? A crow called Jim? Jim Crow? Did people actually laugh at that? Jim f***ing Crow? Can noone of the production team Google why that's not ok? #BGT." (sic) @callummccrae1 penned: "I can’t believe that @itv would allow an act called Jim Crow on #bgt." @eruzevi fumed: "why did #bgt let an act on called jim the crow?? u guys really let that pass through editing? and the fact one of the judges said “he looks like a jim” nah…… wtf. u guys knew what u we’re doing smfh." The term Jim Crow originally dates back to a derogatory blackface character from the 1830s. The laws later enforced segregation in the southern states which lasted until 1965. Britain's Got Talent continues on Saturday at 8pm on ITV.