Lisa Hogan, 49, has explained the “challenge” she loves the most about Jeremy Clarkson, 62. The Irish model has opened up on their first meeting and why she lets him think he’s in charge. The couple, who have been together for five years, met at a party in 2017. Lisa revealed they were set up by a mutual friend, just as Jeremy was about to leave the bash. She said she managed to persuade the Top Gear star to stay a little longer, they got chatting, and the rest was history. Jeremy’s controversial reputation might have preceded him, but Lisa insisted she never really watched him on telly, as Top Gear “wasn’t her thing”. Far from sounding like a hopeless romantic, Lisa joked she was “still waiting” for the moment she realised she fancied Jeremy. And as Lisa divorced her ex-husband, Baron Steven Bentinck, in 2011 after nearly 30 years together, she wasn’t looking to rush into anything - and still feels no need to tie the knot again. And the couple have also decided not to have children, as they are “happy pootling along”. “I think because of our age, it’s much easier. You go: ‘God, is it you I end up with? OK, that’s it,’” said Lisa. “Jeremy definitely wears the trousers, but I’d like to think it’s fairly even, to be honest. He doesn’t want to make me unhappy and I don’t want to make him unhappy,” she continued to The Sun. “He has a laser brain and will take you down – and that’s where the fun and the challenge is with him, trying to take him down.” Jeremy was an old school romantic when it came to dating, “courting” Lisa by taking her out for dinner and dropping her back home afterwards. This appealed to Lisa, who was perfectly happy being single and so wasn’t about to let a man mess her around. While she is thirteen years younger than Jeremy, she revealed to The Sun she actually feels like she is the older one. Describing how the Diddly Squat owner has an “unbelievable” amount of energy, Lisa admitted she feels like a “sloth” compared to him. Jeremy previously told The Times: “I am so proud of Lisa. “How she has gone from – how can I put this politely – a sedentary and rather luxurious life to find herself living on a farm where she didn’t know anyone…” He beamed: “The ordering and keeping the place stocked – I don’t know how she does it.” The presenter also opened up on TalkRadio about their age gap. “I get older and older and it makes people go, ‘Oh, that’s a bit weird,’” he said. “But we are age and height appropriate, and we have a lovely, lovely time together on that farm, we really do.”