Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc have a level playing field upon which to contest their title tussle, according to one much-respected racer. The two drivers look the most likely to challenge for the Formula 1 title this season, with the Ferrari and Red Bull cars looking a cut above the rest. Leclerc is the runaway leader after just three races this year, having dropped only seven points to open up a healthy lead a the top of the drivers' standings. Verstappen has fallen some way behind, but that is due to some mechanical issues on his car rather than a lack of pace. The defending champion pushed his rival all the way in Bahrain but failed to finish as an engine problem forced him to retire. He overtook the Monegasque in the final few laps of the race in Jeddah to win, but suffered another breakdown at the Australian Grand Prix which cost him another heap of points. Speaking ahead of the race in Melbourne, and apparently under the impression that Red Bull had fixed their reliability issues, veteran motorsport star Tom Coronel suggested there was nothing to split the two racers. "As far as I can see, the Ferrari has been the better car up to now," he said, before suggesting that Red Bull had closed the gap. JUST IN: Schumacher's ex-team-mate tells Ferrari to use tactics vs Verstappen "Max fought with a knife, Leclerc with a gun," he added. "Now they both have a gun. I knew they (Red Bull) had a handicap, but that is now solved as it should be. That is very good news. Max can now go into battle." The vastly experienced racer also gave his thoughts on the importance of weight in race cars, at a time when F1 cars are the heaviest they have ever been. A swathe of new technical rules for the current season led to the need for additional parts, which in turn means the cars have piled on the pounds. Most teams are over the already increased weight limit of 798kg, and both Ferrari and Red Bull are no exception. Coronel believes the title race may end up being decided not just by who has the faster engine and the better drivers, but also by who can shave the most weight off their cars. DON'T MISS:Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc's tactics labelled 'beautiful'Lewis Hamilton reiterates 'important' wish to F1 bossesFerrari and Mercedes worried about Red Bull engine plan with Porsche "Weight is everything. With less weight, you can brake easier and accelerate more easily," the 10-time 24 Hours of Le Mans competitor added. "You can see how big the difference in lap times is when the cars drive with a half-full fuel tank compared to a full one. “I have heard from a very reliable source that [Red Bull] have solved a good 75% of the problem in recent weeks. Around seven kilos has been removed from the car. I understand they have made the floor lighter and many other components a little lighter. With us in the touring car class, 10kg less weight means you are 0.1sec faster on a lap. Formula 1 cars are a lot lighter, so I calculate the effect is twice as big." Red Bull intend to indroduce an upgrade in time for the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix next weekend which they estimate will give them an extra two-tenths per lap as they shed some of the cars' weight. "If the Red Bull is now 0.2secs per lap faster, that would have made him (Verstappen) 10 seconds faster in Saudi Arabia over 50 laps, added together. That's how you have to calculate it and then the difference is very big," Coronel concluded. 