While headstrong Mercury in Aries sextiles forward-thinking Saturn in Aquarius, more of a cognisance is due to stir, which could leave you feeling more practical of mind and busy. Thoroughness and taking a more hands-on approach will be more rewarding today as the sextile will play a huge role in grounding energies.  The Moon is currently transiting in Gemini, which could leave you feeling more flighty and talkative than usual. This could spur more fast-paced conversations - in personal and professional environments, which, compounded by the grounded Mercury-Saturn sextile, could aid progressive developments from these. Cafe Astrology said: “The Mercury-Saturn sextile will help ground us mentally. “Reasoning things out logically and step by step can be beneficial and even soothing.  READ MORE: Prince Harry horoscope: Duke ‘trying’ to reconnect with Royal Family  “This aspect promotes a deliberate and efficient approach to the world around us - we see the benefits of getting organised, making lists, attending to details, and making sound judgments and decisions.” The period during a Mercury-Saturn sextile is usually viewed as more of an auspicious period for acquiring knowledge and experiences invaluable for the future. Astrolada said: “The sextile will present the opportunity to fulfil - or at least get closer - to your goals by receiving crucial information, or you simply appear to be at the right time with the right people.” Use the time today to focus closely on your goals and move forward to areas you’re most passionate about.  At 4.31pm, the moon will gradually move into homey Cancer, which will put you more in touch with your inner needs. Tarot.com said when “the nurturing Moon moves into Cancer”, it will “finally reach out for a trine with spiritual Venus in Pisces”. This will allow more creative breakthroughs and emotional healing to flow. Tarot.com said: “This is a time for not only for dreaming, but for doing as well.”As we connect to our inner needs, this Moon-Venus trine will invite more of a warmth, especially around relationships and domestic matters.  DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle horoscope: ‘More similar’ to half-sister than she thinks [ANALYSIS]Kate Middleton's zodiac traits proves why she would make a great Queen [EXPLAINED]Princess Anne eased Beatrice & Eugenie's 'rather tense' body language [INSIGHT]   Mercury will gradually transition to a semi-sextile with Neptune at around 10.30pm, which should stir more of a relaxed, creative energy. This could help to propel communication and spiritual pursuits. Astrology King said: “Your words will become soothing and can actually be healing to others. “Relationships will benefit from your more compassionate and spiritual nature during this time.” Over the course of the next 24 hours, the more nurturing energies brought by the planet alignment will aid in progressive development - both personally and professionally, so commit to living well today while these energies are present.