But then, with towering arrogance, not only does he imply that of the Queen's eight grandchildren HE is her favourite and that they have a special relationship (so special he didn't bother coming to his grandfather's memorial service), he's also telling the world he's her protector and has to ensure she has the right people around her. What, from 5,000 miles away? Her Majesty must be shaking her head in disbelief and disappointment. She knows who's protecting her and it ain't Harry. It's her own children, her grandchildren who actually live in this country, and a close-knit circle of devoted aides who've been with her for years and who'd rather cut out their tongues than blab to the media about what she's said to them. This interview Harry did with NBC Today was treachery, pure and simple. Never mind that he used the meeting with Granny to get himself publicity on American TV, one has to wonder about his mental state if he actually believes he is her protector. It's delusional and it's coming from a mind that clearly struggles with reality. Maybe it's because Meghan wasn't there with her hand on his back digging in her fingers to stop him making a prize prat of himself, but it's clear the man shouldn't be let loose in front of a camera on his own. And worse, in that interview he, yet again, invoked the memory of his mother telling us that, 26 years after her death, she's always with him: "I feel her presence in almost everything I do." Really Harry? Really? This is the bloke who's spent years bleating about how the media exploited Princess Diana. So what is he doing now bringing her name into the mix at every opportunity? Clearly, he knows that without her he's of no interest to anyone. Unless of course he is blabbing about the Queen or attacking his father and brother. He even had the audacity to say Diana had sorted Wills out and was now sorting him out: "It's as though she's done her bit with my brother and now she's very much helping me." This is fanciful bunkum. And does he understand the hurt this could cause William?  Sources say the Queen is desperate to see Archie and Lilibet. "I'm trying to make it possible to get my kids to meet her," he said. So knowing that, why didn't they bring the kids with them? It feels cruel to deprive her. He was also asked if he missed Charles and Wills - and dodged the question. What kind of man, a man who's forever banging on about saving the world and everyone in it, can't even bring himself to say a kind word about his father and brother? I think Harry's visit to the Queen was just news fodder for NBC Today. He and Meghan know their royal connections are what feeds their brand. Without them, this pair are of no interest and, because contact with the royals has been virtually nonexistent these past two years, they had to renew it to titillateAmerican interest in them. Imagine how boring that interview would have been if all Hazza had to talk about was the Invictus Games? But didn't our Queen deserve better than to be used to provide juicy tidbits for an American news network? And if Harry's relationship with her is as special as he says it is, then the man who's done monumental damage to the monarchy should be ashamed of betraying it.  Civil  servants are so incensed about Boris and Priti's scheme to send illegal immigrants to Rwanda for processing that they've threatened to go on strike. The question is, would we even notice? How would we know they'd withdrawn their labour bearing in mind most of them are still "working" from home even though all Covid restrictions were lifted weeks ago. And judging by their pitiful inefficiency these last two years, working from home amounts to mowing the lawn, watching daytime telly and doing a bit of "overtime" down the pub. These idlers need to be told in no uncertain terms they have absolutely zero say in this Government policy and, if they don't like that, they should get off the gravy train and go elsewhere. The contempt these slackers have for the electorate - which is largely in favour of the Rwandan scheme - is towering. Never mind that we pay their wages. Never mind that next year 100,000 migrants are expected to make the dash across the Channel. But worse, they are under the impression they can simply scupper government policies they don't like. Well, enough. If this scheme fails thanks to Leftie Civil Service interference, that's 100 per cent Boris's fault. He needs to get a grip of The Blob and literally show these lazy pen-pushers raking in obscene salaries who's boss. It was bolshy Remainers in the Civil Service who very nearly derailed Brexit. Now they want to smash plans to reform our shambolic immigration system which encourages criminality and risks lives. Boris keeps telling us he wants to get on with the work that needs to be done.Well, what needs to be done is to rip the rot out of a Home Office that isn't fit for purpose. Those numpties can't even process a few visas for desperate Ukrainian refugees - probably because they're all at home watching Countdown!  Kate Moss's daughter Lila has made it onto the front cover of Vogue aged just 19. So no nepotism there, eh? Yet instead of being grateful for the leg-up, she says in a very dull interview she used to think her mum was old and boring and that she slobs around in old trackie bottoms. Poor Lila. Yes, she's got a pretty face but she'll never have the sexy, drop-dead gorgeous looks of her mother. And no matter how boring Lila thought her mum was, she needs to get used to the fact Kate's name will always be used to prop up her own. And every interview she does - including the Vogue one - will always mention her mum to make it interesting! Nicola Sturgeon says if Scotland votes NO to independence she'll resign. And, in that one delicious threat/promise the Jimmy Krankie lookalike has ensured a record-breaking rush to the polls if there ever is another referendum. Instead of a 10 per cent win like last time it'll be triple that. But do I believe "Nippy" will relinquish power? Do I hell! She'll have to be dragged out screaming by her dinky little feet. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea I always feel a bit iffy about people with ginger hair comparing the teasing they had at school to the vicious, systematic bullying that blights many kids' lives. Beauty Queen Jessica Gagen, last year's Miss England runner-up who hopes to nab the title this year, says she was teased at school because of her ginger locks and sometimes ate school dinners in the loos to escape it. "I'm a big believer in leaving negativity in the past but I feel it's important to educate people about what redheads feel at school," she Maybe Ms Gagen needs to talk to someone like awardwinning, multi-millionaire Ed Sheeran - and ask him how hard his life's been as a redhead? Simon Cowell says he's given up most of his TV shows because he was terrified of "burnout". Er, it wasn't Cowell who burned out, it was the viewers - most of whom were bored to death with shows that were cruel and repetitive. The worldwide shortage of HRT is blighting many women's lives and I'm racking my brains to think when there was last a shortage of Viagra… nope, can't! Incredible that no one seems to give a toss about women's problems but men's need to have sex - at whatever age - is always a priority!