Kensington Palace announced the next joint visit the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are to carry out in London. Kate and Prince William will step out to visit the headquarters of the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) in the capital to hear about the organisation's appeal in support of those affected by the conflict in Ukraine. It started on February 24 following the Russian invasion of the country ordered by Vladimir Putin. This visit will take place on April 21, the day the Queen turns 96. The monarch will not be in London nor Windsor Castle for her birthday but, rather, she will spend the day privately in Sandringham. Her Majesty's decision to travel to her Norfolk estate on her birthday is poignant, given Sandringham was particularly loved by both her late father King George VI and husband Prince Philip. The Duke of Edinburgh, who died in April last year aged 99, made Wood Farm, a five-bedroom cottage, his main residence after his retirement from public duties in 2017. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here The Queen, who left for Sandringham via helicopter earlier today, will likely stay at this residence as she did in February, when she marked the beginning of her Platinum Jubilee year. A royal source told the Mirror: "The Queen decided very recently that on her birthday she wanted to be as close as possible to her late husband and in an environment that was very close to both of their hearts. "Sandringham holds so many special memories for the Queen and Prince Philip as well as the rest of the Royal Family. "It's certainly a positive step that Her Majesty is feeling well enough and rested to enjoy her upcoming mini-break which she thoroughly deserves to celebrate her birthday." READ MORE: Prince Harry states America is home 'for the time being' Buckingham Palace described today the royal visit to Norfolk a "private break". Given the Queen will be miles away from London tomorrow, Kate and William may not have the chance to wish her happy birthday in person. At the DEC headquarters, the Cambridges will have the opportunity to speak in person with aid workers who recently returned from Ukraine where they provided food, water, shelter and medical assistance. Moreover, they will be in touch with people on the ground via video call, which will give them the chance to learn more about the work being carried out to support Ukrainians and the impact of the conflict.  This isn't the first time the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have worked with the DEC since the launch of its appeal for humanitarian aid in Ukraine. Last month, they travelled to the Ukrainian Cultural Centre in London to meet members of the Ukrainian community and help sort donations made by locals. There, they also spoke with DEC CEO Saleh Saeed. Kate and Prince William aren't the only members of the Royal Family to have been involved with DEC recently. The Queen showed her support for Ukraine by making a "generous" donation to the DEC appeal in March. While Buckingham Palace remained tight-lipped about this generous act, it was DEC itself that took to Twitter to share the news. The organisation wrote: "Many thanks to Her Majesty The Queen for continuing to support the Disasters Emergency Committee and for making a generous donation to the DEC Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal." Kate and Prince William showed their support for Ukraine last month by issuing a statement in which they recalled their official meeting with Volodymyr and Olena Zelensky at Buckingham Palace in 2020. Prince Charles has made multiple statements regarding the ongoing war, including while on a tour in Ireland last month. Meeting Ukrainians in Waterford, Prince Charles reportedly had tears in his eyes while hearing about the conflict. And at Waterford City Hall, he branded Putin's actions a "brutal aggression". Meghan Markle and Prince Harry also spoke about Ukraine, especially in light of the Invictus Games tournament ongoing at The Hague, where they met several Ukrainian veterans and service personnel.