BBC News journalist Samira Ahmed explained the calls of concern over the edited footage of the aftermath of shelling on the Ukrainian city of Kyiv on Wednesday night's broadcast. Ms Ahmed read out a complaint by viewer Dan Gosland who says he found the use of music "tacky" and "tasteless." Russia has been waging a bloody onslaught on neighbouring Ukraine for over a month now, journalists and reporters from around the globe have been on the ground, despite the dangerous life-threatening conditions to try and keep the rest of the world up to date.  Ms Ahmed explained that Newsnight admitted to using different types of music for different types of news packages for the programme. The BBC Newswatch host said: "We've had other objections recently to the use of music. "For instance in this report from Mark Urban, on an addition of Newsnight last week." Mark Urban said: "Overnight retro-Ville one of Kyiv's most modern shopping malls, was destroyed. "Killing eight people, and causing enormous economic harm." JUST IN: Putin threatens to turn off the gas if not paid in roubles    Ms Ahmed added: "Dan Gosland described himself as disgusted from Kingston upon Thames." Mr Gosland said: "Wondering whose idea was it to play dramatic music along with Mark Urban's piece, why? Is war not exciting or dramatic enough for you? "Really tacky and tasteless - and also very irritating." The BBC presenter said: "We asked Newsnight for a response and they told us, Newsnight does sometimes use background music in some of its reporting. READ MORE: Truss hits Moscow propaganda machine    "The team thinks very carefully about using music appropriately, especially when reporting on subjects such as war. "Of course, these will always be subjective judgements and we're grateful for feedback from viewers." It's not just viewers who are finding the images of war in Ukraine distressing. Journalist Clive Myrie recently explained to the BBC what it was like on the ground seeing distressing scenes of destruction and terror in real life. DON’T MISS: Putin nuclear threats cause US to cancel ballistic missile test - 'risk of miscalculation'GB News: Putin health may be at risk as doctor predicts thyroid issues and cancerKate Middleton finds royal tours a real ‘wrench’ as Duchess finds leaving home ‘difficult’ Mr Myrie said: "Villages, towns, and cities across the land saw a vanishing, as citizens descended underground to subterranean worlds of refuge. "I can’t get the image of the woman feeding the pigeons out of my head. She was risking bombs and missiles to feed the pigeons. “For me, she represents strength and courage – the indomitability of an independent state, not the cowering fear of the colonised.” Mr Myrie told Morning Live: “I am able to compartmentalise. Obviously, there are images and there are things that you see that will stick with you, possibly for the rest of your life. "I think if you're not able to disentangle yourself from what you see during the day and what you experience, later on in the night when you're with your family and friends, then I think there is potentially a problem."   