Former This Morning presenter Fern Britton has admitted she's been spotted skinny dipping by her neighbours following her move to stunning Cornwall. In a new interview, the author, 64, opened up about her new hobby after moving to Cornwall following her split from ITV chef Phil Vickery in 2020. The star explained that she had gone to explore a "quiet little cove" near where she lives when she decided to go for a swim in the nude. However, she hadn't realised that there were people around her. Fern admitted: "I saw some people on the cliff and thought, 'Oh, b****r.'" Following her split from ITV chef Phil two years ago, her ex-husband continued to live in their Buckinghamshire home while Fern moved down to Cornwall to live an idyllic life by the sea. READ MORE: 'Shut the f**k up!' Denise Welch rages at Jeremy Vine Show debate Elsewhere in the chat, Fern also admitted that she found it difficult to lose the use of a personal chauffeur after leaving her presenting role on This Morning. Fern said: "In the first month or so, I would walk out of the house waiting for a car to be there, because for ten years I had this wonderful driver who'd silently slink up outside the house or my work — or if I wanted to go shopping in the West End. 'For a while, I would walk out the front door, going, "Where's the b****y car?"' she told Dail Mail. It comes after Fern told how she is "still in chaos" following her split from her husband-of-20-years, two years ago. Speaking about building her new life in Cornwall, Fern explained that her house needed renovation work to make it feel like a home. She said: "I’m enjoying the home-renovation process. “It was very much a holiday home, so needed refining to actually live in. “I went mad and had a new kitchen, and turned an absolute mess of a downstairs loo, full of boots and coats and sand, into a sleeker room with a washing machine," she added. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley proposed to wife Judy three weeks into 'affair'  [INSIGHT]Sally Nugent sparks frenzy from BBC Breakfast fans with Ed Chamberlin [ANALYSIS]Susanna Reid's 'tragic' relationship with Rob Rinder's dog detailed [UPDATE] She admitted: “I’m still in chaos. “When all my things came down from Buckinghamshire, it blew my mind," she said to Woman&Home magazine. Fern was previously a full-time presenter on This Morning from 1999 to 2009 and co-hosted alongside Phillip Schofield. Since departing the show 12 years ago, Fern has landed several other TV presenting gigs. The ex-wife of This Morning chef Phil Vickery appeared in the 10th series of Strictly Come Dancing where she was partnered with Artem Chigvintsev. She also landed her own 20 episode, self-titled show 'Fern' on Channel 4, as well as a presenting stint on The Wright Stuff and on the panel of ITV's Loose Women. The star has also been busy filming a Channel 5 two-part mini series My Cornwall with Fern Britton and Fishing Scotland's Lochs and Rivers. Fern and Phil were married for over 20 years before their shock split in 2020.