Prince William and Prince Harry have been dogged by rumours of a frosty relationship since shortly after the Duke of Sussex married Meghan Markle in 2018. The Duke's departure from the Royal Family, and his subsequent interviews discussing his experience in the royal fold, further contributed to widening the gap between the two brothers. But Trisha Goodard suggested the support of a close friend of both William and Harry will help the pair mend fences. Speaking to Good Morning Britain, the broadcaster said: "I recently talked to Julia Samuel, who is a fantastic psychotherapist, she's very renowned, started child bereavement UK. "She was there for Harry, William, and it is believed Meghan as well. "She talks about the loss, bereament, and what have you. "She's Prince George's godmother, she's there for all of them, she also writes about family conflict. READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG "And listen, while Julia Samuel is in the mix, there will be healing eventually." Ms Samuel was a close friend to Harry and William's late mother Princess Diana and is one of the seven godparents to the Duke of Cambridge's eldest son, Prince George. The psychotherapist has maintained a close relationship with both princes and only a few years back revealed some insight on her relationship with the young royal. Both Prince William and Prince Harry have spoken candidly about the psychological impact their mother's death had on their life. READ MORE: Prince Charles ‘at end of tether’ with Harry and ‘was not happy’ about meeting with Queen The Duke of Cambridge was 15 when Diana died in 1997, while the Duke of Sussex was barely 13. Ms Samuel was also said to have been pivotal in supporting Meghan Markle as she struggled with her own mental health during her first pregnancy in 2019. During her bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey last year, the Duchess of Sussex admitted to feeling suicidal because of the pressure she faced. She told the talk show host: "One of the people that I reached out to, who's continued to be a friend and confidante, was one of my husband's mom's best friends, one of Diana's best friends." DON'T MISS...Prince Harry blasted by royal staff over Queen comments  [LATEST]Prince Harry savaged as ‘out of touch’ during NBC interview [INSIGHT]Prince Harry snubs royals, refusing to say if he missed his father [VIDEO] The couple claimed the failure of Palace aides to offer them support contributed to their decision to step down from their working royal roles. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex walked away from their jobs in March 2020 after agreeing to a one-year trial period away from the institution. Last year they confirmed they would not be returning to their roles and continue to live as private citizens. But comments about the Royal Family and their experience with the monarchy have kept Prince Harry and Meghan Markle in the spotlight. Only this week, the Duke sat down for an exclusive interview with NBC to talk about his work for the Invictus Games. But in his conversation, he cast doubt over the treatment of the Queen as he claimed he wanted to ensure she was "protected".