Ben Mitchell (played by Max Bowden) has been increasingly paranoid about his and husband Callum Highway's (Tony Clay) safety ever since the pair were targetted last year in a homophobic attack. Although he began pretending he had recovered from the incident, which triggered memories of Paul Coker's (Jonny Labey) murder, the EastEnders gangster has actually become increasingly concerned. He admitted to Sharon (Letitia Dean) that he's been secretly attacking people as a means of revenge. But when he told her they "deserve to die", could the attacks soon become escalated as Ben gets a taste for murder? Ben and Callum have clashed over their differing beliefs about how to tackle prejudice and hate since they got married. While Callum insists on being louder and prouder in the face of hate, Ben wants to give in to the fear. He has told Callum not to parade their relationship about in public and interfered when his job asked him to become the face of a campaign to tackle hate crime. The pair seem to be reaching a drastic turning point where Ben no longer wants to be with Callum if he can't "protect himself" properly. In Wednesday's episode of the BBC soap, Ben violently attacked a man who had previously made homophobic slurs towards Walford's new bar manager Lewis. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait Sharon caught Ben red-handed as he tried to beat the life out of the man. "What have you done?" she asked as Ben stood over the lifeless body. When the police, including Callum, arrived at the scene, Sharon covered for Ben, pretending she hadn't seen who the attacker was. She confronted Ben later though and made a disturbing discovery. "I lied to your husband for you," she raged as Ben tried to ignore her. She pointed out: "It was broad daylight, anyone could have seen. "What, he started on you and you couldn't hold back? Who is he? Is this what you meant when you said you were helping Kat?" "It's nothing to do with that," Ben replied as Sharon asked him to clarify what happened. "I thought you were passed all that after Heather, after losing Paul," Sharon said. "Don't you dare say his name!" Ben roared, adding: "I've had enough of this already." DON'T MISS... Paul Gascoigne would 'wake up screaming' following childhood trauma [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Jack Branning horrified as Sam kidnaps Ricky [THEORY]Former The Apprentice star speaks out on 'misery' of leaving show [EXCLUSIVE] "You tell me the truth or I'll go straight to the police and tell them I got it wrong," Sharon threatened. "He deserved it," Ben remarked, but Sharon argued he had "almost killed" the man. "So?" Ben responded. "He's a gay-hating scumbag just like the man that killed Paul. "He was shouting at people on the streets for trying to live their life. "So yeah, he deserved it," Ben went on before he added menacingly: "They all do." "What do you mean, 'they all do'?" a concerned Sharon probed. "Callum said this was the fourth attack - no Ben, you didn't," she added as her concern grew. However, he confirmed the attacks had been him and his next message was even more ominous. "I was weak when they attacked Paul, I was weak when they attacked Callum," Ben stated. "But never again, because I ain't going to give any of them a chance." He smiled as he added: "I feel pretty safe now that I'm taking out these scumbags." He went on to pledge not to stop what he was doing and dared Sharon to report him, and she told him she wouldn't. Could Ben increase the ferocity of the attacks and end up leaving his next victims dead? It's possible he could find a liking to being a serial killer as he thinks his cause is worthy. Will the soap explore a dark path where Ben starts secretly murdering people under his police officer husband's nose? EastEnders continues on Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One.