Ms Widdecombe comments came as she hit out at France for not stemming the flow of migrants crossing the Channel. Speaking to Dan Wootton on GB News on Thursday night, Ms Widdecombe said it wouldn't make a difference whether current Prime Minister Boris Johnson or Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer oversaw negotiations with Mr Macron over an immigration deal.  She said: “Over the last 20 years, we have had no sensible options and the idea of Keir Starmer standing there and saying ‘We must cooperate with France’. “We paid the millions and still the migrants came. “Macron's issue is not whether the PM is Conservative or Labour, it's the fact the PM is British. Macron doesn't like us. “He likes us even less since Brexit. We have already tried cooperation, we have paid huge sums of money to France.”  She continued to praise the Tories, saying: “We must give credit to Priti Patel and give credit to the Cabinet. “Once again, what we have seen here is the Government that really does solve issues, Boris cuts through the Brexit nonsense, he didn’t get the Brexit I wanted because of Northern Ireland. “But at least he delivered some sort of Brexit, he delivered the most successful vaccination programme in the whole of Europe.” The UK has recently launched a new immigration scheme, which will see some migrants being processed in Rwanda.  READ MORE: Nadine Dorries 'ready to implement' scrapping of BBC licence fee Conservative MP Andrew Bridgen said today that the drop to zero was evidence that Home Secretary Priti Patel's scheme, which will see asylum seekers sent 4,000 miles to claim refugee status from Rwanda, is “working already”. The controversial agreement with the East African nation, which will see it receive asylum seekers deemed by the UK to have arrived “illegally” and therefore inadmissible under new immigration rules, was signed on April 14.Mr Bridgen, the MP for North West Leicestershire, tweeted: “Priti's migrant policy is working already. “No illegal migrant crossing for a week and no income for people traffickers, freeing up civil servants to work on Ukrainian evacuees. “We should offer the illegal migrants already here the option of returning to France or going to Rwanda.”  DON'T MISS: Volodymyr Zelensky refused to leave Kyiv Firefighters rush to major Dumbarton grass fire after wildfire warningUkraine LIVE: 'Outgunned, outmanned' Putin sent NATO threat No migrants have arrived in small boats across the English Channel for nearly ten days, in what is being claimed as an early victory for the Government's new scheme for sending asylum seekers to Rwanda. The last migrants to arrive at Dover in Kent were a total of 263 across seven small boats on April 19 - and Ministry of Justice data has revealed not a single adult or child has made it across since, up to and including yesterday. 