Saturday night saw former Strictly Come Dancing professional dancer begin her new presenting gig for ITV show Romeo and Duet. She recently quit the flagship BBC show to begin her endeavours elsewhere, however, viewers were left divided over what they thought of the show and took to social media to discuss it with fellow viewers. Romeo and Duet harnesses the power of song to help people find an ideal partner as four singletons each serenade one another on a hidden balcony. As the show kicked off, Oti promised viewers a fun and entertaining show, but onlookers were quick to judge. Joanne Doherty wrote on Twitter: "This #romeoandduet reminds me of part #BlindDate and part #TheMaskedSinger. I like it! Loving @OtiMabuse as a presenter! She is definitely doing a fantastic job @ITV." @Jesskt_ commented: "I had high hopes for this because I love Oti, but she really should’ve said no to this show #romeoandduet." READ MORE: Piers Morgan slates Alex Beresford after infamous GMB feud @mtkigz1 added: "Kudos to Oti getting her own show. I love that for her. BUT I don’t see this show getting a second series. #RomeoAndDuet." @Georgeroyde said: "I love Oti, but not even she can save this. Not sure if normal TV has gotten worse or I've just aged out of it." Trevor Dobie uttered: "#RomeoandDuet Oti, Oti, Oti, what have you done? Dump this rubbish and beg to get back in the Strictly gang." (sic) Speaking about the new show, she explained: "It was my first time hosting in front of a live studio audience. It was the best feeling. "They were just so excited to be there. They couldn’t wait. The audience is such a vital part of the show as they’re saying, ‘Come down!’. "Because they can see both people – or they’re like, ‘Stay where you are, or they’re confused. And when you’re doing your duet, they are voting. "In another way, they became my co-stars. It was just so special and amazing, I love Romeo and Duet. "When I’m presenting or hosting, I always wanted something where I can connect with people and communicate and get to know them. DON'T MISS...Oti Mabuse speaks out on hosting role after Strictly exit [INSIGHT]This Morning viewers slam 'dreadful' Cher impersonators  [LATEST]Dianne Buswell 'inspired' by Oti Mabuse's career ventures off Strictly [WATCH] "I was getting to connect with them, and that’s what I really wanted." Oti recently praised This Morning host Dermot O'Leary for giving her the courage to take the leap from the dance floor to her presenting stint. She explained: "I worked really closely with Dermot [O’Leary]. He came in once and taught me to work with an autocue, how to read it, [and] how to edit it. "I was texting him all the time! Steph McGovern has also had a really huge impact." After seven years on the BBC competition, Oti decided to leave her role as a professional dancer on Strictly Come Dancing. Taking to her Instagram to reveal the news, she wrote: "I can't put into words how difficult this decision has been, but I have decided not to return for the next series. "Lifting the glitterball twice and having the best journey with all my celebrities, but also meeting and working with the best team, crew, producers, celebs and professional dancers. "You are my family, and I adore you all forever. I'm honestly so grateful to the BBC and will always remember that Strictly and the BBC brought me to the UK - which I now call home, and I have learnt and grown so much. Thank you from the bottom of my heart." Romeo and Duet airs Saturday at 7pm on ITV.