With spring in full bloom, Britain’s fertile landscape is abundant with wild fruit, berries and nuts. There is always something tasty to find if you look hard enough, promises forager and horticulturist David Hamilton. “You can forage everywhere and anywhere. There’s no location I haven’t covered,” he says. “Apart from deserts – it’s not nice to eat there.” The earliest humans were scavengers and foragers, and while the arrival of agriculture put paid to that, the pandemic and cost of living crisis have revived our interest. In fact, so many people are signing up for David’s guided walks, he’s had to add more dates to meet demand. “The people who come on them have changed. It’s mainstream now,” he says. David is the author of Where The Wild Things Grow, an informative guide packed with illustrations on how and where to find naturally growing foods. He has scoured Britain’s hedgerows, meadows, woodlands and clifftops over the last 25 years to identify the best of Mother Nature’s produce, and has tutored Ben Fogle and Mary Berry. So what should we be picking right now? “The spring is about salad leaves,” he says, presenting a variety of green plant stems for my inspection. The leaves from sedums – commonly known as ice plants – taste like cucumbers apparently. Lime leaves – not a close relative of the exotic fruit – grow on lime trees and can be found in parks or along National Trust driveways. “They don’t need much dressing as they’re nice by themselves,” David, 47, explains. “They’re a nice one for novices because let’s face it, some things can be a little challenging. My five-year-old eats sedums and has done since he was two.” Mahonia berries are also ripening across urban parks and gardens. They are shaped like grapes but are the size and shade of blueberries and their tart tang makes excellent jam. “Wild garlic is the main foraging go-to for April when it’s in prime season,” David adds. The taste is a cross between garlic and chives. “Chives are a leaf with a unique flavour so wild garlic is to garlic what chives are to onion,” he says. The plant grows in dense clumps in woodlands, forests and edgelands. It looks similar to the poisonous Lily of the Valley plant except it has star-shaped white flowers rather than bell-shaped blooms, but a quick sniff should prevent a trip to hospital. “The flower buds can be pickled and used like a caper on top of pizzas and salads,” says David. “They give a nice garlic hit. Chop the leaves up, work them into a block of butter and use it for garlic bread or make wild garlic kimchi.” David looks the archetypal forager: bespectacled and bearded in a green plaid shirt, but he’s no hippy and never was. Raised in Northampton, his childhood dinners of Findus Crispy Pancakes and Birds Eye Supermousses were the unlikely impetus for his organic diet. “My mum would come back from Iceland with Angel Delight and Monster Munch,” he says. “I wanted something a bit different from that.” Like many children raised in 1980s Britain, David was fed traditional yet unimaginative plates of “meat and two veg” plus convenience food grabbed from the freezer. He broadened his palate after school at his friend’s house where the cooking was more experimental. “Everything was always amazing there and mine was always the opposite,” he admits. “It was a need to sample new and different flavours.” In his early twenties, having become a nutrition and food science student, he visited friends in Wales who picked wild garlic. Their dog-eared copy of a book on wild food piqued his interest. “By my mid to late twenties, I started to get a bit obsessive, wanting to find everything and know all about it,” David says. “There wasn’t much information at the time and it was seen as strange.” Free food is the obvious upside to foraging but simply rummaging around green spaces is said to boost your mental health. “You become more aware of the passing of the seasons and more excited about what comes in,” David says. He recommends planning a leisurely country walk, about two to three miles long, taking in a variety of habitats, such as meadows or a body of water. It’s a great field trip for children, he adds. Morels are one of the natural delicacies growing near David’s home in Frome, Somerset, which is surrounded by dairy, arable farms and beech woodland. Together with his partner and two children, aged five and 10, he regularly picks nettles and wild garlic. Many naturally-growing ingredients, such as elderflowers, are not available in supermarkets or specialist food stores. “They’re nice in pancakes, muffins or fritters,” David says. Bilberries, a close relative of the blueberry but smaller and darker, are delicious. They are found along moors and heaths between August and September. But nothing compares to the thrill of picking fungi. David has been a vegetarian since he was 10 whereas his partner eats meat, but finds fungi can make a good substitute. “There is ‘chicken of the woods’, which looks almost like a Cornish pasty,” he says. “It’s lightish yellow and grows around a tree but tastes almost exactly like chicken.” It’s in season from late spring to early autumn. Carnivores should try beefsteak fungus, “which bleeds when you cut it and looks like a big tongue sticking out from a tree”. Don’t let that put you off though. David explains it is the consistency of meat and, cooked right, has a smoky taste. “It tastes like barbecued beef,” he says. Many people are wary of foraging for mushrooms in case they eat something poisonous. Indeed, safety is paramount, David says. “I’m overly cautious and in the foraging world I’m seen as someone who is careful. I know others who are more gung-ho than me. As early as possible, work out which are the really poisonous ones and avoid those.” It’s taken him 15 years to get to grips with some species. His advice for novices is to go out with an expert or enrol on an accredited wild food course. He’s noted an exponential rise in foraging since the Millennium, spiking after the 2008 global financial crash, then in 2020 when the pandemic took hold, and now as the cost of living crisis bites. “People get into it as things go wrong,” David says. “It’s about food security and knowing you can bring food in.” His book includes recipes but also outlines some basic foraging no-nos. “Don’t forage by the coast or near the river after heavy rainfall because the sewers have often been emptied,” he says. “If you’re foraging in urban areas,especially for leaves, bring them home and soak them in saltwater before giving them a good wash. “Bring a book and don’t rely on phone apps. Don’t rely on one source as it can be wrong. "I tried out one app and it recognised a dandelion as a tropical plant. Another one recognised the poisonous plant hemlock water dropwort as edible.” Yikes. “The important thing is to be careful but not scared,” David reassures. “Be cautious of what you pick but don’t be put off by that.” It’s sage advice. And with that, I’m off to pick some wild garlic for my tea. Where The Wild Things Grow, by David Hamilton (Hodder & Stoughton, £20) is out now.For free UK P&P, call Express Bookshop on 020 3176 3832 or visit expressbookshop.com. For info, visit davehamilton.co.uk