Uncensored presenter Piers Morgan has taken to Twitter to send a message of support to his TalkTV colleague Sharon Osbourne as it was revealed that she had jetted back to Los Angeles to be with her rockstar husband Ozzy Osbourne, 73, after he had contracted Covid. Sharon, 69, made her TV comeback on Monday night with her new show The Talk UK, but has now been forced to pull-out to be with Ozzy in America, who is already battling Parkinson's disease. The flame-haired TV personality has now confirmed that she will be absent from her TalkTV show after her husband of 40 years contracted Covid. Addressing the news, Piers wished Ozzy a "speedy recovery" in view of his 7.9 million followers. He wrote: "Very worrying time for Sharon and Ozzy, who has suffered a lot of serious health issues in past 2yrs. "Wishing him a full speedy recovery, and sending them both love and support from the whole @TalkTV family," he added. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty admits struggle as tells BBC colleague ‘ask for help’ Speaking in a new interview, Sharon broke down in tears as she explained she had to fly back to America to be with Ozzy. She explained the Black Sabbath singer had fallen ill overnight, when he was diagnosed with Covid. Sharon said: "Ozzy was only diagnosed in the middle of the night our time. "I spoke to him and he's OK. "I am very worried about Ozzy right now," she admitted. Sharon added that she and Ozzy have gone two years without Ozzy catching Covid. She said she will "hold and kiss him" when they are finally reunited. "My family is my life," Sharon added to The Sun. DON'T MISS... Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband  [INSIGHT]Homes Under The Hammer's Martin Roberts undergoes further health tests [UPDATE]Johnny Depp doodles as police give evidence on final row with Amber  [ANALYSIS] "I can't believe my luck. I'm missing the show and I've only been there three days." Despite missing her show, the TV presenter insisted she would be back next week as soon as Ozzy tests negative. Sharon's TV comeback comes a year after she left US show The Talk after facing backlash for supporting Piers Morgan's comments about Meghan Markle. Speaking to Piers on his show Uncensored on Wednesday night, Sharon admitted she received death threats and abuse during that time. "I never thought in my wildest dreams that my career after 50 years would have ended that way," she told the host. Sharon continued: "I must have cried for three months, never stopped crying. Some of the comments that were coming through on my social media were so horrific about cutting my throat, my husband's, even the dogs, they wanted to kill my dogs. "And then they started on Ozzy, and I just sort of [thought], 'This is just insanity.' "Did I want my legacy for my family to be, 'Oh, well, your nana was on television, but everybody said she was racist, so she never went on television again?' That kind of ate me up." The Talk airs from Monday to Thursday at 9pm on TalkTV.