Petrol shortages are continuing to affect drivers across the UK as a result of climate protests taking place in parts of the country. Some major fuel depots have been blocked leaving pumps empty across a number of stations, but how can you tell if you are affected? This is how to check local fuel stations in your area. Fuel shortages have struck the UK once again following a string of climate protests across the nation. Police action has been taken against climate activists for "disrupting supplies from three oil terminals in England", according to Just Stop Oil, but which parts of the country have been affected? On Sunday it was reported that supplies had been disrupted from key fuel supply points in Warwickshire, Hertfordshire and Essex, though some areas of London and the South East have also been affected by climate campaigners blocking the roads. READ MORE: Drivers to be fined for parking in EV bays this month  While the protests have been the main cause of empty forecourt pumps, existing supply issues and increased demand are also to blame for the ongoing shortages. The mixture of both demand and supply issues are continuing to be affected by Russia's invasion of Ukraine, as well as the post-Covid lockdown surge of more drivers using the roads. Though the underlying causes of price hikes and shortages seems to be ongoing, the aftermath of nationwide climate protests is yet to spread to all parts of the UK. Whether you're struggling to source fuel in your local area or are concerned about possible supply issues over the coming days, these are the best ways to find stocked petrol stations near you.   One of the best ways to check your local fuel supply is to search nearby forecourts on Google. Use Google Maps to search for petrol stations in your area, and click on each individual forecourt to see how busy they are in real time. A busy station indicates that there is likely to be fuel in stock and has attracted drivers in need of a top-up. Smaller bars above the location suggests that they are less busy than usual and may be out of fuel. DON'T MISS:Extinction Rebellion protests spark more fuel shortages [LATEST]'Costly sting' of NI changes could hurt Britons [ANALYSIS]Petrol shortages force pumps to close as ‘tsunami of traffic’ [INSIGHT] Local forums on social media platforms are one of the best ways to seek out fuel in your area. Join local groups on Facebook or other networking platforms to get live updates from other residents who have either driven past, or visited forecourts themselves. This is one of the easiest ways to share and check for live updates which are specfiic to your neighbourhood. Use online fuel checker tools If you're looking for the most affordable rates at local stations, you can use confused.com’s online checker. All you need to do is select the type of fuel and enter your postcode and it will calculate the cheapest pumps in your area. Cross check these with Google Maps or local forums to make sure they have a good supply.  Climate activism groups Just Stop Oil and Extinction Rebellion staged a number of protests over the weekend, though many have since come to an end as the new weeek begins. After a swarm of 40 campaigners gathered around Hertfordshire's Buncefield oil terminal and the Inter Terminals in Grays, Essex on Sunday morning, Just Stop Oil said: "It is expected that this morning’s actions will continue to significantly impact on fuel availability at petrol pumps across the south-east and the Midlands." Despite reassurance from a Government spokesperson that work was being done to maintain fuel supplies, the action groups have warned that the disruption will continue until the Government agrees to sop all new fossil fuel investments immediately. All forms of petrol have been affected by the unfortunate mix of protesting and global supply issues, but diesel stocks have been partcularly short. While only time will tell if the shortages continue, Caroline Lucas, Green Party MP has said that the disruptive protests are the "only way that people can make their voices heard", suggesting that it is not the end of the UK's battle with empty fuel pumps. 