Relationships will be the main focus of the day as the conflicting energies of Aries and Libra heighten our emotions. Revelations and epiphanies will become apparent as the Full Pink Moon appears, sparking an urge to strike a balance between our own needs and the needs of others. The Aries sun will move to Taurus in just a matter of days, so embrace your spontaneity while you can this weekend. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for today. The Full Moon will bring an intense energy to the day, when epiphanies and revelations about our independence are likely to occur. Known as the Pink Full Moon, the celestial event is the fourth Full Moon of 2022 - though this one will encourage a fresh energy unlike any other. All signs will be influenced by the alignment of the Aries Sun and the Libra Moon, bringing an overwhelming need to satisfy your own dreams and desires, while compromising to fulfil those of your loved ones too. READ MORE: Mini driver slows to 20mph on busy M1 to reset her satnav Today’s Full Pink Moon will occur when the Sun in Aries forms a perfect opposition to the Libra Moon. At the time of this lunation, Saturn will be in harmony with both the Sun and the Moon, while Pluto forms a square to the lights. Cafe Astrology said: “The Libra Moon is diplomatic, equality-focused, and fair-minded. “The Aries Sun values authenticity over tact and is energised by independent efforts. The Full Moon illuminates this conflict.” What does the position of the Moon mean today?Today’s Full Pink Moon will occur when the Sun in Aries forms a perfect opposition to the Libra Moon.At the time of this lunation, Saturn will be in harmony with both the Sun and the Moon, while Pluto forms a square to the lights.Cafe Astrology said: “The Libra Moon is diplomatic, equality-focused, and fair-minded.“The Aries Sun values authenticity over tact and is energised by independent efforts.“The Full Moon illuminates this conflict.” This conflicting alignment combines the unique characteristics of both Aries and Libra, forcing us to contend with the overwhelming urge to “strike a balance” between our own independence or autonomy and compatibility with others. While the Full Moon could lead you to a revelation of being unable to be fulfilled, or fill the needs of your significant other, chance encounters could lead you to some useful wisdom. According to Cafe Astrology, this alignment can often bring helpful and beneficial interactions with superiors or with older or more experienced people. At this time, there can be a choice to structure, limit, or simplify our lives in a significant way that leads to major improvements. DON'T MISSHoroscope & love: Virgo is ‘anything but boring’ Aquarius is 'skittish' in love - more comfortable being 'flirtatious' Horoscopes & love: ‘Flirty’ Leo urged to take ‘risk’ this week While you may feel a little more reserved or conservative with your feelings now, you should embrace the opportunity to understand and act on your emotions while they are heightened. The Aries-Libra polarity is a relationship axis, where Aries represents “self,” and Libra represents “other”, so take the time to look at your relationships from both angles today. If you are urged to focus on the pull of Aries which is driven by self-assertion, use this time to share your needs and requirements of both romantic and platonic connections. Act on the urge from the Libra Moon to think about compromise and consider how you can meet in the middle to resolve a conflict or miscommunication. Cafe Astrology said: “With the Libra Moon, we’re especially aware of our need for relationships and all that comes with maintaining them - compromising, negotiating, graciousness, and balancing. The Aries Sun, on the other hand, is self-assertive, leading, and personally courageous.” Today is a time for the culmination and the promise of fulfilment of something new to begin once the New Moon sets in. Heightened emotions, romance, fertilisation, relationship drama, and epiphanies are the themes of the day.