Lord Frost was Brexit minister when the Northern Ireland Protocol was agreed between the EU and the UK three years ago. Today, the diplomat, formerly the UK’s chief negotiator to the EU, discussed the Protocol, an agreement governing post-Brexit trade in Northern Ireland. For the first time, he gave his own account of the politics and pressures of the negotiations surrounding the Protocol in 2019. Prior to that he earned a huge salary as a special adviser to Mr Johnson when the Prime Minister was Foreign Secretary. Lord Frost was on £125,000 a year after being appointed to the role by Downing Street in 2016. When the unelected peer was made Brexit minister in 2021, he thanked the Prime Minister in a tweet. He wrote: “I am hugely honoured to have been appointed Minister to take forward our relationship with the EU after Brexit. “In doing so I stand on the shoulders of giants and particularly those of Michael Gove who did an extraordinary job for this country in talks with [the] EU over the past year.” Lord Frost had taken a hiatus from politics before being recruited by Mr Johnson in 2016. From 2014, he worked as chief executive of the Scotch Whisky Association. As he left the organisation to enter Whitehall, he spoke of his love for the industry, saying: “I leave the Association and the industry well-placed to continue to succeed in a competitive market-place during a time of change, including Brexit.” Before his whisky appointment, the Oxford University graduate had worked in diplomacy from 1987 up until 2008. In his first posting, Lord Frost was dispatched to the British High Commission in Cyprus to work on Greek-Cypriot politics. DON'T MISS: Emmanuel Macron SNUBS Boris! French President speaks to Biden and Scholz but not Johnson [LATEST]Brexit fishing row: Stubborn Macron could punish UK after re-election – ‘Tough line’ [INSIGHT]Xi Jinping playing long game with Putin – ‘doesn’t want a straight alliance’ [ANALYSIS] Later, in 1993 he was stationed as the UK Representative to the EU in Brussels as the secretary for economic and financial affairs. He subsequently worked in a humanitarian role for the UN in New York. Lord Frost’s decades of diplomatic experience were on display during his keynote speech on Tuesday. Now outside politics, the former minister set out his vision for the future of Protocol, which has been beset by issues due to pressure from the EU over customs checks on goods from Great Britain entering Northern Ireland. Negotiations between the UK and EU over the Protocol have stalled and now the British Government is reported to be considering bringing in new legislation that would allow ministers to ignore parts of the arrangement. Many Northern Irish unionists oppose the legislation as they see it as effectively creating a trade border with Britain down the Irish Sea. The Protocol had been designed to avoid a hard border on the island of Ireland and protect the Good Friday Agreement signed in 1998. However, Lord Frost warned that the Northern Ireland peace deal is now under threat amid tensions over the Protocol and the unresolved trade issues related to it. In his speech, he said: “We are in a very serious situation. It is pretty clear, and I think that serious commentators agree that the Belfast Good Friday Agreement is on life support.”