James Martin was partnered up with Camilla Dallerup in series three of Strictly Come Dancing. The popular chef danced his way to the final four along with radio DJ Zoe Ball, Olympic hurdler Colin Jackson and cricketer Darren Gough. Despite coming in fourth place, James claimed Strictly had provided him with a huge new TV opportunity although he didn't enjoy having "no control" over what he was doing. Speaking about his time on the show, the 49-year-old gushed: “It's a bubble. It's a snowball. It's an avalanche. It's everything all in together." However, he added: "You have no control over what's happening, PR wise, you've just gone from a chef wearing a bandana on an afternoon show, to this. “It went stratospheric and without Strictly I wouldn't have got Saturday Kitchen because I remember getting to sort of semi-finals and thinking, you know what some of the BBC bosses were thinking, ‘Who the hell voted for this guy?’ And yeah, it was weird.” READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Gary Windass betrays Maria Connor in affair Furthermore, the celebrity chef admitted he felt the show was more challenging when he took part. Speaking on the Talkshire podcast, he said: “Back then, it was a journey of people who didn't know what they were doing. “I think that was the magic of it [but] nowadays they seem to be pretty good before they even start. “It was that journey that I think people followed and I enjoyed it but you have no control over what the hell's going on. “But the same ethos applies to working in a restaurant. You just want to be good at it, you don't want to appear an idiot,” James continued. Meanwhile, when he's not hosting Saturday Morning with James Martin on ITV, the chef is preparing to head out on tour. "There’s a lot going on," he shared. "I’m already getting emails, I'm getting text messages as we’re speaking now from the organisers. "It involves a flying pig and a bit of music. I'm now in a band. So we've got a bit of music." “Anybody that's been to the last two [tours] will know that there's much more than a cooking demonstration," James told listeners. James then gushed: “It’s going to be good, and we’ve got some exciting things lined up. “You try to be bigger than the last one you did, certainly, it is. “The set is bigger, and the audiences are bigger, we start in Plymouth right the way up to Scotland. “The right back down to The [London] Palladium, surreal, I walked past the Palladium four days ago and couldn’t believe that my name was going to be there in the lights, it’s bl**** surreal isn’t it?” He then went on to say “85 percent of the sites so far are sold out.” Although the chef was unable to include any live guests due to the COVID-19 pandemic, he did reveal: “We’re filming with quite famous people [for the show].” “This has been the most successful tour to date,” the reality star added.