Strong winds begin moving across the UK on May 6, WXCharts has forecast, with wind speeds reaching up to 62km/h (35 knots) across the UK as far north as Newcastle. By May 7, maximum peak wind gusts will reach up to 75km/h (40 knots) from Manchester down to Cardiff on May 7, with winds reaching between 50 and 62km/h in the north and Scotland. Gale force winds are qualified by a surface wind speed of 34-40 knots, averaged over a period of 10 minutes. Storm Relative Helicity, a measure of the tendency for rotation to develop in a storm's updraft, will reach up to 450 m2 s-2 in Manchester on May 6, with a relative helicity of 400 near Birmingham. The wind will bring with it heavy rain, falling across the central band of the UK from Birmingham up to Edinburgh on May 6. Up to 10mm/h will fall in the north of England, with up to 1mm/hr falling in the Midlands. The rain extends right down to Plymouth, also falling in Cardiff. Some snow will fall in Scotland, causing a snow depth of 1cm. By May 8, up to 90mm of precipitation is forecast to have fallen in Western Scotland. Much of the country's West coast will see between 60mm and 70mm of accumulated precipitation. The Weather Outlook's long-range forecast for this period has predicted "unsettled weather". READ MORE: May Bank Holiday onslaught to bring snow and -7C 'Arctic' freeze It said the period will be "very cold with wintry showers early on. "Temperatures gradually recover through the middle of the period and it turns unsettled. "All regions have outbreaks of rain and in the north sleet or snow is possible, mostly but not only over high ground. "It also becomes windy at times." DON'T MISS: Britain to be lashed with rain [REPORT] Long range forecast: Hot weather breaks as -3C chill and snow to bl... [INSIGHT] Should I water my lawn in spring? The best time to water grass [REVEAL] Going into the week of May 8, it has forecast "changeable" weather. It added: "Through the course of the week there will be an ongoing risk of showers or longer spells of rain. "Chilly at times and in the north it may be cold enough for snow, particularly over high ground. "During quieter spells, night frosts may develop widely." The UK has so far seen five named storms this year. Storm Malik was named by the Danish Meteorological Institute on 28 January, while storm Corrie was named by the Met Office the following day. Three further storms hit in February, Storm Dudley, Eunice and Franklin. The upcoming unsettled weather follows a period of fine weather in the UK. The country saw record-breaking temperatures across the bank holiday weekend. London saw highs of 23.4C in St James Park making it the hottest day of the year so far.