The GB News host mocked Sky News and Kay Burley after she was seen grilling Transport Secretary Grant Shapps over Prime Minister Boris Johnson breaking lockdown rules after he received a fixed penalty notice from the Met Police. Burley questioned if Johnson had any honour which Wootton found hilarious after the Sky News host was suspended from her role in 2020 for breaking coronavirus rules herself. Wootton began: “Just one thing first though, the stench of hypocrisy and collective amnesia sweeping through the media and political class the past 24 hours has been as infuriating as it was predictable. “I mean, how the hell can Keir Starmer call for Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak to resign after his own work event hypocrisy as he downed beer indoors with Labour cronies during lockdown. “And how the hell can the SNP say a single thing given their multiple rule breakers including then Transport Minister Humza Yousaf who was caught driving without car insurance - he was Transport Minister at the time. “And how the hell can Sly News allow their Covid party gals Kay Burley and Beth Rigby to hold anyone to account after breaking lockdown rules while claiming to hold the powerful to account.” READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait A clip of Burley on Sky News this week was then shown as she grilled Transport Secretary Grant Shapps over Johnson’s lockdown rule break. She was heard saying: “Continually lying when we’ve made a mistake, blaming others and not accepting responsibility. “We know that people have down that in the past, the Prime Minister set the law. The Prime Minister broke the law. The Prime Minister misled parliament. “Where is his honour? If he receives more fines then subsequently misled parliament on the first of December and the eighth of December when he was at the dispatch box, he should go. Where is his honour?” A clip of Rigby standing outside No. 10 Downing Street was then also shown as she commented on the fine Johnson has to pay. Back in the GB News studio, Wootton laughed: “I mean, come on! “To be honest this entire farce should make clear what I’ve said all along, the lockdown laws were inhumane and impossible to follow by even those who made them. “They must be taken off the table forever.” DON'T MISS...'Can't stand to look!' Meghan and Harry blasted over security row [WATCH]Carole Malone erupts in firey election debate over Partygate row [VIDEO]Carole Malone clashes with 15-year-old Stop Oil protester on GB News [WATCH] The Prime Minister and Rishi Sunak, received fixed penalty notice for attending a birthday party for Mr Johnson. But while the pair apologised and paid the fine, they have vowed not to step down from their roles. Johnson said he felt "an even greater sense of obligation to deliver”. Speaking on Tuesday evening, he said: "In all frankness, at that time it did not occur to me that this might have been a breach of the rules. "But, of course, the police have found otherwise and I fully respect the outcome of their investigation." Sunak said he was "focused on delivering for the British people". Mr Johnson’s wife Carrie was also given a fixed penalty notice and is said to have “apologised unreservedly”. Dan Wootton airs on GB News on Monday-Thursday from 9pm.