When Prince Harry married Meghan Markle in 2018, the newly-created Duke and Duchess of Sussex rode high on a wave of national popularity. But has the Sussexes' exit from senior working royal life in 2020, and their subsequent bombshell TV interviews about their life in the Royal Family, affected their popularity with the British public? According to the latest YouGov data for quarter one of 2022, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle missed out on the top 10 of the most popular royals in the UK. Harry ranked 11 out of 15 with a popularity rating of 32 percent, while Meghan was in 14th place with 24 percent popularity. The most popular royals according to this survey were the Queen (75 percent), Prince William (66 percent), the late Prince Philip (64 percent), Kate, Duchess of Cambridge (60 percent) and Princess Anne (52 percent). READ MORE: 'Can see it all blow up in their face again' Harry and Meghan warned  The full rankings according to YouGov for quarter one of 2022 are as follows:  Ipsos also quizzed 2,055 online British adults aged 16 to 75 between March 24 and March 25, 2022, about whether they hold favourable or unfavourable opinions of several members of the British Royal Family. According to the data, Meghan's favourable score was 24 percent and she garnered an unfavourable score of 50 percent. Prince Harry earned a 30 percent favourable score and a 43 percent unfavourable rating, and the Sussexes stood only above Prince Andrew in the rankings, who got an 11 percent favourable and 69 percent unfavourable score. Ipsos also highlighted that since 2018, Meghan's favourable score has dropped by 16 percent, while Harry's has dropped by 35 percent. DON'T MISS:How old was Elizabeth when she became Queen? [INSIGHT]Prince Edward title: Why is Edward an Earl and not a Duke? [EXPLAINER]Inside Queen's 96th birthday plans with Royal Family [ANALYSIS]  Having reigned for seven decades, the Queen has been well-respected by the British public throughout her incredibly long reign. And as Britain's longest-serving monarch, all the stops are being pulled out by the nation for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee this year. Along with Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, the Queen has consistently ranked among the Royal Family's most popular members in opinion polls. Perhaps unsurprisingly, the Queen claimed the top spot with a 69 percent favourable score and a 12 percent unfavourable score in the latest Ipsos data.  As per Statista, a survey of adults in Great Britain in November 2021 also found that the Queen was the most-liked member of the Royal Family with a net positive rating of 83 percent. The Queen was followed by her grandson Prince William with a net positive rating of 80 percent, while Kate held a 77 percent rating. And according to YouGov, which poses the question 'Has the Queen done a good job during her time on the throne?' regularly to the British public, the Queen has garnered a 'very good job' score in the range of 53 percent to 59 percent since July 2019. As of November 2021, 59 percent agreed the Queen had done a very good job while on the throne, while 23 percent said she'd done a fairly good job, 12 percent said they didn't know, four percent said she'd done a fairly bad job while two percent said she'd done a very bad job. 