The two-part Netflix documentary Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story delves into historic footage of the paedophile who managed to "hide in plain sight" for decades before his crimes were exposed. Savile was once one of the nation's most prominent media personalities, however, an investigation following his death in 2011 prompted hundreds of horrific allegations of sexual abuse with victims as young as five years old. Following the release of the show, a light has been shone on another documentary called Faking It: Jimmy Savile where experts examined his body language during chilling interviews. Sickening stories of abuse spanning decades started emerging shortly after the figure's death in October 2011. Before his death, the character was one of the most well-known men in the country who was praised for his charity work and rubbed shoulders with high society figures. However, after he died he was found to have molested and raped victims aged between five and 75 for more than half a century. The police opened up more than 400 investigations uncovering how the predator had used his celebrity status to abuse his victims. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage In the documentary Faking It: Jimmy Savile experts examined his body language while he was being interviewed. An eerie interview with Scottish broadcaster Andrew Neil was analysed in the documentary. When Savile appeared on Is This Your Life, the journalist tried to get beneath the surface by asking him about his love life which was also shrouded in mystery at the time. In a blatant effort to divert the attention away from the questions, Savile took a banana from his pocket and started eating it.  Cliff Lansley, a body language expert, claimed that this was the predator's method of hiding from the truth. He stated: "Why have a banana prepared in your pocket? "Because he knew he would get some difficult [questions] in the interview, and therefore having some props handy would help him to counter that and get the audience engaged again." Meanwhile, Kerry Daynes, a forensic psychologist, said: "I mean what a use of a banana in order to avoid questions about his sex life. DON'T MISS...Don't judge Charles - Savile fooled everyone, says VIRGINIA BLACKBURN [OPINION]Jimmy Savile gave PR advice to royals after Andrew Lockerbie blunder [LATEST]Prince Charles asked Jimmy Savile for help with Sarah Ferguson in 1989 [INSIGHT] "Andrew Neil is a very well-respected interviewer but there’s a subtle pulling of rank there; as soon as the banana comes out, the question that he’s been asked leaves the mind of the audience. "It’s a way of going, ‘look, look over there!’” During another chilling interview, this time on Have I Got News For You in 1999, Saville shockingly said: "I’m feared in every girls' school in this country." Dawn Archer, a professor of linguistics, claimed this was Saville's way of "hiding the truth".  "He’s hiding in plain sight, the audience is thinking that this is all part of a showmanship and actually he’s telling us about things that are true," she explained. "Lots of girls at that point who would have been his victims were fearful of him." The presenter, who was known for such popular shows as Top of the Pops and Jim’ll Fix It, is believed to have preyed on 500 vulnerable victims. Following his death, Scotland Yard and NSPCC report branded Savile one of the nation's most prolific known sexual predators. Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story is available to watch on Netflix. 