Charlotte attended the annual Sunday Easter church service at St George’s Chapel in Windsor Castle. To the event, the six-year-old wore an outfit that replicated what she wore when she went to the hospital in 2018 to meet her new brother Prince Louis.   On Sunday, the young royal wore a “Forget Me Not” floral smock dress with a collar in light blue by Rachel Riley. The dress was paired with matching ribbed tights and a navy blue cardigan from Il Porticciolo Roberto. In 2018, Charlotte was pictured next to her father Prince William as she went to the Lindo Wing of St Mary’s Hospital in London to meet her new-born brother. She wore a blue floral dress with a white collar paired with a navy cardigan from Amaia and a small blue ribbon tying back her hair.  The Cambridges all coordinated their outfits this year as they attended the Easter service with Prince William and Prince George in navy suits. Princess Charlotte and the Duchess of Cambridge matched with light pastel blue dresses and their hair in a half-updo. The Duchess wore a belted dress-coat mix by Emilia Wickstead paired with a matching handbag, suede heels and headpiece. Prince Louis, who turns four years old later this month, is still too young to be attending royal engagements. READ MORE: Germany recession warning: 'Hundreds of thousands of jobs' to be lost Royal fans have been spoiled in the last few weeks with more glimpses of Prince George and Princess Charlotte as they begin to attend more events including Prince Philip’s thanksgiving ceremony. After seeing the young royal at the Easter service, royal fans took to social media to comment on the blossoming Princess. One user tweeted: “Beautiful young lady.” While another commented: “Wonderful young person looks very confident.” DON'T MISS: POLL: Should Harry bring Lilibet to meet the Queen? (POLL)Carol Kirkwood sets record straight on BBC Breakfast future (INSIGHT)Archaeologists were stunned at apparent proof for Jesus' resurrection (REVEAL)  On the way into Westminster Abbey for Prince Philip’s memorial service, the two eldest Cambridge children were seen being walked in by their parents. Prince George was holding his father’s hand while Charlotte was by Kate’s side and holding her hand as they greeted ceremony officials. For the Easter service, the children already appeared more grown up as they walked alongside their parents with their hands clasped behind their backs or hanging by their sides. 