Princess Diana’s autobiographer Tina Brown said Prince Harry’s “whole personality has changed” as she discussed the Duke of Sussex’s hotly anticipated memoir, which is due to be released next year. Ms Brown said Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, who currently living in California with their two children Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana, are in a “powerful co-dependency” as she questioned “how it will end”.  Speaking to the Daily Telegraph ahead of the release of her new book, The Palace Papers, Ms Brown said of Harry: “He’s so emotionally needy that he’s been completely and utterly taken over by Meghan and his whole personality has changed. It’s a really sad thing to a great many people. “Meghan seems to answer some huge need in Harry and it seems like they are in a powerful co-dependency. And I do question how it will end.” The Duke of Sussex, 37, made the bombshell decision to step down as a senior royal at the start of 2020, which signalled the end of the life he has always known.  He is now living in his Montecito mansion in Santa Barbara with Meghan and their two children. Ms Brown said Harry was “catastrophically rude “ and is now paying the price for his “hot-headed” approach to Megxit negotiations.She said: “The problem was that the way Harry did it was so catastrophically rude that it got everyone genuinely angry and feeling that he just had to go. “He was incredibly hot-headed about negotiating their exit.  READ MORE: Sussexes 'only feel safe traveling together' as they head to Holland “Dumping that website with all those terms and conditions before you have agreed it with the Queen? He just alienated everybody. “And now, unfortunately, he’s paying the price for it and so is England actually.” Ms Brown also spoke of the “frustration” Meghan, 40, would have felt when joining the Firm as a high-profile actress.  DON'T MISS Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry mocked over Netflix crew in Europe [BLOG]Meghan drops Duchess title in Archetypes ‘to rebrand herself' - claim [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Megan Markle told to 'move on with your life' [OPINION] She added: “Even as Meghan became bigger on the global stage, like Alice in Wonderland she had to shrink into the voiceless requirements of service to the Crown. She just couldn’t comprehend that. “For an actress, star power is leverage. If you don’t get what you want as an actress, it’s, ‘Call my agent!’ “But if you’re in the Palace and you’re married to the sixth in line, however big your star power, you are not that important to the Palace. I do understand how extremely frustrating that was.”  Prince Harry is currently embroiled in a legal battle over his right to pay for Metropolitan Police protection whilst he and his family visit the UK – a request that the Government denied on the basis that their taxpayer-funded police security was cut off after stepping back from royal duties in 2020. Harry has argued that he cannot ensure the protection of Meghan and their two children without the Met Police because of their access to UK intelligence.  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have not returned to the UK together since their exit. And Prince Harry was the only senior member of the Royal Family not in attendance at the Service of Thanksgiving for his late grandfather, Prince Philip. Representatives for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were contacted for comment.