Prince Harry and Meghan Markle made a decision to step down as senior working royals in 2020 and left to begin a post-royal life in the US. Their departure escalated tensions in the couple's relationships with other members of the Royal Family, particularly between Harry and his father, Prince Charles. The Prince of Wales was reportedly present during the Sussexes' UK pitstop to see the Queen at Windsor Castle earlier this month, but royal reporter Richard Palmer claims that father and son still have a "long way to go" in order to repair their relationship. Speaking to the Royal Round-Up's host Pandora Forsyth about Harry's NBC Today interview, Mr Palmer said: "He [Harry] was asked whether he was missing his father and his brother. "He completely side-stepped that question. Mr Palmer added: "You could say, that William was asked [as he left a royal engagement] about this whole thing and again, side-stepped it. "You could say he didn't face the same sort of grilling from the media afterwards that Harry did. READ MORE: Royal 'precedent' which could see Andrew, Meghan and Harry snubbed from Jubilee balcony "I do think it was significant that if they were, if they really were mending fences, I think it would have been easy to say, yes you know I love my brother and I love my father and I'm looking forward to seeing them soon but he [Harry] completely just side-stepped the question". He claimed that if the Duke of Sussex and the Duke of Cambridge were rebuilding their relationship, it would have been easy to point that out rather than avoiding the question, altogether. He concluded: "The signs are at the moment that they, although Harry and Meghan met Charles and Camilla for a short time at Windsor, there's still a long to go yet before they ever really repair their relationship". Harry's relationship with his father has been troubled for a while, but his latest bombshell interview, with NBC Today, has, yet again, bought the ongoing fued to light. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'refuses to bend' over Charles' coronation as he issues 'red line' on Camilla The interview reported left Charles "at a loss" over his broken relationship with his youngest son. Their relationship, however has not always been troubled. For Harry's wedding to Meghan Markle in 2018, Charles stepped in to walk his son's wife-to-be down the aisle. A shadow was cast over their big day as just two days prior, Meghan revealed that her own father, Thomas Markle, wouldn't be attending the wedding. Speaking at the time, Harry told a 2018 BBC documentary: "I asked him to and I think he knew it was coming, and he immediately said 'yes, of course, I'll do whatever Meghan needs and I'm here to support you'." In early 2020, when Harry and Meghan revealed that they were to step down as senior royals, cracks began to show in the father-and-son relationship. DON'T MISS In March 2021, Harry and Meghan sat down for an explosive tell-all chat with Oprah Winfrey. During the interview, Harry accused his dad of cutting him off financially and claimed he had stopped taking his calls. At the time, Harry said: "My family literally cut me off financially. "I've got what my mum left me, and without that, we would not have been able to do this. I think she saw it coming". Harry also claimed that he felt "really let down" by his father.