 With the Government banning the sale of new petrol and diesel cars from 2030, many are looking to invest in electric vehicles years in advance. Through a new workplace benefit scheme, motorists could save £11,000 over four years when leasing an electric vehicle.  The Electric Car Scheme offers employees the chance to lease an electric car for a much lower price, with all of the vehicles coming with a wait time of less than 14 weeks. The Audi E-Tron Estate will save drivers £11,306 over a 48 month contract term, based on an average mileage of 5,000 miles. A normal lease price for the vehicle is around £677 per month, but through the salary sacrifice scheme, drivers would only pay £441. Similarly, massive savings can be seen when leasing a Tesla Model Y through the scheme, with drivers only paying £401 a month, resulting in a massive saving of £10,345 over four years. READ MORE: Electric car driver fined £100 after charging for just five minutes  The staff benefit is a UK Government tax incentive and works via a salary sacrifice scheme. This ends up saving drivers between 30 and 60 percent on an electric vehicle of their choice. Thom Groot, Co-Founder and CEO of The Electric Car Scheme, commented on the introduction of the project and how it could benefit businesses and drivers. Speaking previously to Express.co.uk, he said: “More than 80 percent of employees in the UK want their next car to be an electric car, and The Electric Car Scheme now makes this affordable through salary sacrifice. DON'T MISSLand Rover driver fined £1,000 after passing cyclist [SHOCKING]Hydrogen cars could cause a ‘nasty explosion’ if involved in a crash [INSIGHT]Diesel drivers face new parking costs three times higher than EVs [WARNING]  “We’ve designed this with both the employer and employee in mind, so staff can drive new, electric cars at a 30 to 60 percent discount without creating a net cost or risk for their company. “I encourage all UK employees that are looking to switch to driving electric to approach their company leadership team - whether it be via HR or finance - and request they look into this, as it really does benefit everyone. “At The Electric Car Scheme, we are dedicated to making it a ‘no brainer’ decision for everyone to switch to driving electric, at an affordable cost.” Drivers can also save more than £4,500 on other EVs including the popular Vauxhall Mokka-e which can result in a saving of £5,557.  Other vehicles include the Fiat 500e which has a lead time of between 10 and 14 weeks and the Nissan LEAF with both cars offering savings of more than £4,580. Employees will pay Benefit-in-Kind tax on the vehicle, but with an EV, the rate of tax is just two percent. The level of car tax was increased at the beginning of April, with most vehicles seeing a one percent rise. It is expected that these tax rates will remain the same until 2024, with electric car drivers set to benefit the most.  Latest figures have shown that electric vehicles have achieved their highest ever market share of monthly sales in March 2022. They increased more than 78 percent compared to this time last year, with almost 40,000 registrations. In total, electric vehicles accounted for more than a third of new car registrations. This comes at a time when new car registrations in the UK last month fell by more than 14 percent. The transport sector is the country's largest emitting sector of greenhouse gas emissions, producing 27 percent of the UK's total emissions in 2019.