The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stopped over on their way to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games, which will run from April 16 to 22. Speaking on the Australian breakfast show Sunrise, royal editor Robert Jobson shared his thoughts on their secret trip and the impact it will have for the Royal Family.  He admitted he was “surprised” by the visit, saying: “A lot of people didn’t even know they were in the country. “It took Harry to make the call to make the forest move to his Dad to say he wanted to come and see him, and he brought his wife with him. “I understand they stayed overnight before seeing his Dad in the morning and then obviously saw the Queen afterwards. “It is good news, they are a family after all, it shows there’s some sort of rapprochement going on, at least there’s dialogue going on.”  The news comes as the Queen confirmed this week that she will not be attending the Easter Sunday church service, as she continues to struggle with her mobility. Mr Jobson did not seem to think there was a link between her planned absence and the visit from the Sussexes. He addressed Harry’s previous concerns that security in the UK would be an issue for his young family. Mr Jobson continued: “There’s been this big wrangle about whether Harry could come to the UK because he didn’t feel safe.  READ MORE: William is ‘stubborn optimist’ on conservation as he steps up to rival “They’ve got into the country and gone to see both the Queen and Prince Charles without anyone really seeing them, there’s no photographs of this happening. “So I think that bit of it is resolved, what’s important is they’re building bridges. “I don’t think it is to do with the Queen missing the Easter service, the fact is that she’s not ill, she's just not very mobile at the moment.”  DON'T MISS:Elon Musk’s latest £34 million Twitter bid leaves people shaken [LATEST]Frexit calls surge as Le Pen attacks Germany [FREXIT]‘Leading from front’ Remainer Stanley Johnson U-turns on UK's EU exit [ANALYSIS] Many have expressed their fears over the Queen’s health, however, Mr Jobson had a solution to calm their worries. He added: “It looks like they’re going to have to do something about the way they keep announcing these things, whether there should be a way that they say Prince Charles will be taking on the Queen’s roles unless stated otherwise would be easier. “Every time they announce that she can’t make something, a lot of people around the world worry that there’s something more serious than there is.” 