As well as being a nuisance, ants can be unhygienic, especially if appearing in areas like the kitchen. They usually come indoors in search of food or a nesting habitat. Even small amounts of food, like pet crumbs, can attract hundreds of ants. This is why it is extremely important to keep the home clean and promptly clean any food spills before ants discover them. According to experts at www.hillarys.co.uk, it’s all about smells and disrupting the ant’s ability to pick up on scent trails left behind by other ants. They recommended using lemons, cinnamon as well as chalk, which they said is the “easiest way” to keep ants out of the home. The experts said: “Chalk contains calcium carbonate and this confuses the scent that the ants are following. “Drawing lines of chalk around an entrance should keep ants from coming inside. READ MORE: Kate & William prepping move to Windsor - inside £2.5m Frogmore House “It isn’t totally clear why they simply won’t cross the line, but it does work. “Be sure to avoid insecticide chalks though as these will kill the ants.” White vinegar is also another great household product that can be used to keep ants out of the home. According to the experts, “ants detest it” because it is strong. DON'T MISS:Monty Don: ‘Restrict mowing as much as possible’ in April [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to use baking soda to clean stainless sinks [EXPLAINER]Use ‘natural colour palette’ to keep your home ‘timeless’ [EXPERT] It is best to make a solution of equal amounts of water and vinegar, with a touch of essential oils. The experts added: “Remember to shake well, then spray it around your window sills, doorways and other places where you usually see ants coming into your home.” Strong citrus fruits such as lemons and oranges can also deter the bugs from entering the house. The experts explained: “There are many ways to use these fruits to keep the ants away. “For example you could place the peels where ants would normally enter or perhaps when mopping the floor, you could add some lemon juice or even make a paste using water and grounded peels. “Ants absolutely love sugar though, so make sure to keep anything sweet away from this sticky citrus blend.” The citrus scent can also leave the home smelling fresh. Cinnamon can also be used to keep ants away by placing it near the entrance of the home. According to the experts at www.hillarys.co.uk, it will “act like a natural repellent” because of its strong smell. They added: “You could also add some essential oils to the cinnamon to boost its smell. “Spreading salt near any corners where ants would enter and crawl back into will also keep them from making an appearance in your home. “Alternatively, cayenne pepper and black pepper are loathed by ants. “You can either sprinkle pepper by the entrance or make a solution of pepper and water and spray it near the problem areas. “It won’t kill the ants, just simply deter them from coming near your home.”