A brand new series of SAS: Who Dares Wins continues on Sunday as 20 ordinary men and women are pushed to their limits for the extreme training programme. New instructors Rudy Reyes and Remi Adeleke alongside stalwarts Jason Fox and Mark ‘Billy’ Billingham will be setting the recruits several seemingly impossible tasks but speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Jason admitted not every contestant in the past has joined the Channel 4 show with the best of intentions. Jason was asked if ever worried recruits applying for the show were only looking for fame. He told Express.co.uk: “I think people do that anyway you’re not going to be able to get away from that. “I would suggest in the past there have been people that, that isn't their only agenda, but it's definitely up there.” Opening up on the success of the show, Jason admitted he felt more and more people will be applying to take part in the future. He said: “We're not allowed to know anything about the people that apply and it adds to the authenticity of the experience. Read more: SAS Who Dares Wins fans demand Ant Middleton return “The minute you see us see them that is the first time we've seen them." “We're not allowed to know anything about them,” he continued. “Definitely more people will probably be applying each time that this show goes out because it keeps appealing to people. “The first one no one knew anything about it that was an experiment in itself.” “Whereas each time it's become more accessible to people I'm sure more people will keep watching it, it opens up to lots more people because the more diverse they make the cast, it does make it more accessible to more people,” Jason added. The former special forces sergeant went on to share who he’d like to see sign up for the celebrity version of the programme. Jason revealed: “Jeremy Kyle would be a good one.” “People that operate in the realms of daytime TV I’d like to get them on,” he added. DON'T MISSSAS: Who Dares Wins star speaks out on Ant Middleton's replacement [INTERVIEW]SAS: Who Dares Wins' Jason Fox hits back at requests to be nice [INSIGHT]New Who Dares Wins boss Rudy: 'I'm a beautiful person' [INTERVIEW] In the next instalment of the challenging series, all 20 recruits have made it through to the second stage. The trainees will have to make a split-second decision about whether to fire their guns in a combat exercise. Meanwhile, the recruits will learn a valuable lesson about trusting their fellow trainees. They will have to trust a teammate to catch them as they free-fall off the top of a 50-foot cliff. All of the recruits will be pushed to their limits when they endure a training session in the desert. Elsewhere, the instructors delve into the recruits’ motivations for taking on the challenge. SAS: Who Dares Wins viewers will see some of the trainees opening up on family tragedy and difficult childhoods. SAS: Who Dares Wins continues on Channel 4 on Sunday at 9pm.