In recent months the nation’s finances have taken a beating from higher taxes, soaring energy bills and the rising cost of food and petrol. Readers have been speaking to Express.co.uk about the cutbacks they’ve had to make just to stay on the breadline. The rising cost of food, petrol and energy has been squeezing Britons’ purse strings for months as pay packets strain to keep up with soaring inflation. Undeniably, pensioners are some of the hardest hit by these rising prices, but they’re not the only ones. Three in four parents in the UK say they are struggling to make ends meet, according to an independent study by refurbished mobile phone provider Swycha. Almost three quarters (70 percent) of UK parents say rising gas and electricity prices are impacting their ability to raise their children as usual. READ MORE: Brits who take in Ukrainian refugees could get £1,000 off council tax A worried mum of two said: “Because of skyrocketing costs, we have cut back on absolutely everything at the moment.” Other parents disclosed they were going without proper food to make sure their children had enough to eat. Young people are struggling too. Becky Stead, who is 24-years-old and works in PR, told Express.co.uk she has been struggling to sleep because of worry. DON'T MISSPIP claimant 'distraught' after DWP process - 'Debt piling up' [INSIGHT]State pensioners could miss out on pension by giving wrong details [WARNING]PIP claim: 87 conditions that could mean you qualify for £627 a month [UPDATE] Becky who lives in Hull told Express.co.uk that she’d just bought her first house when household bills subsequently started to go through the roof. “I don't earn a huge wage and did not know if I was going to be able to afford all my home costs as well as be able to afford fuel to drive to work," she said. “As it’s not just energy bills that have increased but fuel as well, I have cut back on other areas to make sure I can still afford to come into the office.” Luckily for Becky, her employer has given all staff members a £1,000 pay rise to help them meet rising living costs. Mike Ellis, director of 43 Clicks North, the PR firm where Becky works, said: "The cost of living is affecting everyone from individuals to businesses. “We have a responsibility first and foremost to our employees and therefore it was an easy decision to make. “We know this will bring other challenges for us as a business but we have weighed them up and would much rather put our people first rather than trying to look after profits." However, not everyone is as lucky as Becky with pensioners and those on the lowest income left with little or no wriggle room to make any further cuts. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Keith Grinsted from Sudbury in Suffolk is still working although he’s 69-years-old. He hasn’t had a pay rise in two and a half years yet everything is eating into his budget. He told Express.co.uk: “I now think twice about using my car as it's become so expensive even though it's a small car. “I tend to go shopping for food at a time I know the supermarket will have made price reductions.” Although he’s struggling himself, he is keen to help others so that they don’t go hungry. The pensioner has set up a new initiative to help Britons called www.goodbyehungry.com. Looking back, the only time Keith remembers things being so tough is the miner's strike of 1974. But in his 69 years he's never experienced costs skyrocketing like they have today. Keith summed up: “As a society we should be looking after people way better than we are.”