A Conservative Party MP has demanded a new police probe into Keir Starmer's lockdown beer with colleagues. The demand comes in the wake of the Prime Minister's Partygate fine. Sir Keir now faces calls for his own Partygate probe over office beers he had in 2021.  The Labour leader was photographed having a beer with colleagues during the coronavirus pandemic lockdown in 2021. However, he has already been cleared by Durham Constabulary of breaking lockdown rules. In February, police confirmed they do not believe an offence was committed. A spokesman for Durham Police said: "Durham Constabulary has reviewed video footage recorded in Durham on 30 April 2021. "We do not believe an offence has been established in relation to the legislation and guidance in place at that time and will therefore take no further action in relation to this matter." Now, Durham Constabulary is now under pressure to investigate Sir Keir again. Sir Keir was photographed "drinking and socialising" in a Labour MP’s office. The beer that Sir Keir had in the office happened when households were banned from mixing indoors. READ MORE: Brexit fury as Boris fails to help UK businesses 'understand paperwork' The incident happened during campaigning for the Hartlepool by-election a year ago. Now, Richard Holden, Tory MP for North West Durham, has written to Durham’s Chief Constable Jo Farrell. Mr Holden has urged her to look again at the decision to take no further action against Sir Keir. He said there was a strong public interest in reassessing Sir Keir Starmer’s case. DON'T MISSRemoaners bitter as Brexit benefits the Netherlands over UK [COMMENTS]'Draconian' Nicola Sturgeon lambasted for Covid breach [VIDEO]Boris Johnson hits back at Archbishop of Canterbury [LATEST] Mr Holden added: "I do not believe the photographed activity meets the 'functional but not social' test in the guidance on political campaigning in campaign rooms." The Labour Party and Durham Constabulary declined to comment on the incident. After the photographs emerged in January, Sir Keir said: "We stopped for something to eat. "Then we carried on working. "No party, no breach of the rules. "There was absolutely no comparison with the Prime Minister."