Peter Kalmus, an activist and NASA scientist gave an emotional speech last week highlighting the fact that humanity is on the brink of climate disaster. Dr Kalmus, a climate scientist at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California, took part in a major protest organised by the group Scientist Rebellion, as over 1,000 scientists took part in protests around the world over global inaction on climate change.  The NASA scientist chained himself to a JP Morgan Chase bank and gave an impassioned speech, after which he, along with several other scientists at the site, was arrested. In the video, he says: “We’re going to lose everything. “And we’re not joking, we’re not lying, we’re not exaggerating.” “I’m here because scientists are not being listened to. I’m willing to take a risk for this gorgeous planet." He then broke into tears, adding: “For my sons.”  This protest comes as the latest report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) warned that greenhouse gases around the world need to peak by 2025 and then be halved within five years to give the planet a fighting chance of limiting global warming to 1.5C above pre-industrial levels. Jim Skea, a professor at Imperial College London and co-chair of the working group behind the report, said: “It’s now or never, if we want to limit global warming to 1.5C. “Without immediate and deep emissions reductions across all sectors, it will be impossible.” If the earth crosses 1.5C heating, then scientists warn that many of the effects of climate breakdown will become irreversible. READ MORE: Energy crisis: New 'radical' solar tech to store power as liquid Dr Kalmus added: “This is for all of the kids of the world, all of the young people, all of the future people. “This is so much bigger than any of us. “It’s time for all of us to stand up, and take risks, and make sacrifices for this beautiful planet that gives us life, that gives us everything.” As the war in Ukraine intensifies and worsens the global fossil fuel energy crisis, many countries, including the US, UK and the EU, have mulled increasing the production of fossil fuels. However, the IPCC report made clear that doing so would put the global 1.5C target beyond reach. DON'T MISS: Putin' has a 'doomsday plane' that can withstand a nuclear blast [INSIGHT] Bizarre ‘portal from hell’ opens up in California lake [REVEAL] Bulgaria and Greece break EU ranks with new nuclear plan [REPORT]