Manchester United and Arsenal will no doubt be watching Darwin Nunez as Benfica face Liverpool in the Champions League on Tuesday night. The striker is high on the Premier League clubs' shortlists as they look to bolster their forward line. United and Arsenal will have the ideal chance to gauge how good Nunez truly is when he comes up against Liverpool on Tuesday night. Benfica host the Reds at the Estadio de Lux in a crunch Champions League tie. The Uruguay international has been extensively scouted by both Premier League teams over the course of the season, who are keen to bolster their strike forces. But there are not many better tests for forwards than coming up against Virgil van Dijk. Both United and Arsenal have made signing a striker a priority in the summer but there is a real problem over who to go for. There is a perceived lack of world-class options, while the likes of Erling Haaland and Robert Lewandowski - though available - are unrealistically attainable. But the Primeira Liga has been a decent hunting ground for Premier League clubs in the past few years where Bruno Fernandes, Ruben Dias and Ederson all plied their trade before making the move to England and becoming star players. There is a feeling Nunez could be the next. And it is easy to see why considering his goalscoring stats, which are mind-blowing. In 34 appearances, the 22-year-old has netted 27 times - including four in the Champions League. It has alerted United and Arsenal, who will no doubt be paying close attention to his performance against Liverpool. While Nunez has already scored twice against Barcelona, this is an opportunity to see the striker come up against one of the best teams in Europe. Jurgen Klopp's men have been tipped to win the competition and their defence, marshalled by Van Dijk, will no doubt prove pivotal in their bid to land an unprecedented quadruple. According to Correio da Manha, via Sport Witness, United have shown interest in the player while Express Sport understands Arsenal have added Nunez to their list of potential strikers to sign this summer. Benfica know that interest is high in the youngster while his contract does not run out until 2025 with a release clause worth £125million (€150m). However, Correio da Manha further state that the Portuguese club would accept an offer of £67m (€80m). Other strikers being courted by United and Arsenal include the likes of Alexander Isak of Real Sociedad, Everton's Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Inter Milan star Lautaro Martinez.