 Supporters have been given the opportunity to indulge in one of the Queen’s favourite hobbies to honour her 70th year on the throne. As the Queen is due to watch her horse race at the Epsom Derby for the Jubilee, fans can also explore the royal equestrian world at some of the Monarch’s training yards.   Three of the horse training yards used by the Queen will open up to lucky members of the public for a set of tours. Royal Central first reported the events and noted that the training yards are owned by William Haggas, Michael Bell, and John and Thady Gosden. The trio, who have over 6,000 wins between them, are classed as some of the top equestrian trainers in the world. The tours in partnership with Discover Newmarket will reveal the behind the scenes of the training facilities used by the Monarch.    After seeing the training areas, the guests will then be taken to the famed Newmarket gallops to watch the horses complete their exercise. As part of the series of tours, Discover Newmarket will also offer a tour of The National Stud that includes a viewing of the stallions and a talk from John Grimwade LVO who previously managed The Royal Studs at Sandringham. The tours in honour of the Jubilee will last for an entire day and are set to conclude with a trip to the National Horseracing Museum which the Queen opened in 2016. The museum is found at the original site of the Palace and Stables of King Charles II’s. READ MORE: Kate and William show 'emotional exhaustion' after 'comments by Harry'  The Queen will be eagerly watching her beloved horse race at Epsom for the Jubilee, after it secured a knockout victory at Newmarket racecourse. The event at Epsom Downs on June 4 will be attended by the elite from the equestrian world including past and present jockeys. Four-time Derby winner Willie Carson, 79, won for Her Majesty at Epsom in the year of her Silver Jubilee in 1977. Mr Carson will be attending the event and told Hello Magazine: “When you put The Queen’s colours on, especially at Epsom, a jockey would grow six inches. DON'T MISS: POLL: Should Tory MP who made Angela Rayner comments be punished? (POLL)Cornwall woman claims she will become homeless due to tourists (INSIGHT)State pension: When you were born may dictate what you could get (ANALYSIS)   “The Queen is the most famous woman in the whole wide world, so you’re privileged.” John Reid, who was also a jockey for the Queen, will be appearing in the guard of honour and noted: “It’ll be pretty special.” He added: “It’s something I’m looking forward to. I’ve always come to the Derby anyway, but it’s going to be a very special occasion this year.” 