Gardening expert Alan Titchmarsh has shared how to fix a bare patch in a lawn without having to reseed it by using turf. Reseeding a lawn can take time, patience and maintenance. The soil needs to be the right temperature in order for roots to become established. Seeds also have to battle the elements and competition from weeds. Heavy wind and rain can completely void any efforts made to repair a lawn by potentially washing away seeds. Instead, Alan said gardeners can use a “much easier method” by removing the bare patch and re-turfing it. The 72-year-old explained in a video for Waitrose & Partners: “If you get bare patches in the middle of your lawn - where the goal mouth is or where you've been hanging out the washing or a place that's regularly trodden over and just worn out - then you can of course just prick it over with a fork and reseed it. READ MORE: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants “But in the middle of summer, the grass may take a while to grow and look unsightly. “It’s much easier to replace it with a piece of turf - but how do you do it so the turf fits perfectly? “Take a piece that's larger than the area that you want to cover, lay it over it and then cut a shape in the middle. “You know this is going to be larger than that bare patch underneath. DON'T MISSUse plants as a ‘natural pesticide’ to get rid of slugs this spring [INSIGHT]Monty Don: ‘Biggest mistake’ houseplant owners make is overwatering [UPDATE]Lawn weeds: Why you should avoid using salt weedkiller on grass [ANALYSIS] “Cut right through this turf and through the grass below.” Alan pulled away the excess grass, leaving the small patch he has cut out. While carving the turf, Alan managed to make a neat cut into the lawn underneath. He removed the carved out area from the original lawn. Another way to get the lawn to absolutely match is to take a piece of turf from elsewhere on the lawn. Alan said gardeners can do this when they’re making another border. “That's great for patching because it's exactly the same turf,” he said. Using new turf does mean that the lawn doesn’t completely match but it will eventually “meld in” so gardeners won’t see the difference.  What you will have to do, of course, is make sure it's the right level. One thing I can be certain of is that it absolutely fits like a glove. Alan watered the new patch of lawn and advised gardeners to try and keep people from walking across it. The gardening expert added: “With a little nip and a tuck you can stop it looking like the aftermath of a pop festival and turn it into something rather more refined.”