The Oscars 2022 became a focus of controversy after Will Smith walked on stage and slapped Chris Rock after he made a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith - who has alopecia - sporting a buzzcut. The Fresh Prince Of Bel Air won the award for Best Actor for his role in King Richard later in the night, in which he portrayed tennis legends Serena and Venus Williams’ father. However, the incident left attendees and viewers around the world staggered, as it sparked a conversation over whether Will should be allowed to keep his accolade. US journalist Jemele Hill reflected on the other Hollywood stars who were allowed to keep their Oscars despite being involved in scandals. Writing in a column, Jemele pointed out that the Academy may decide against letting Will host the awards. However, she argued that stripping him of his gong would be “absurd”. READ MORE: Chris Rock breaks silence following Oscars altercation with Will Smith She wrote for The Atlantic: “If the Academy chooses not to allow Smith to present an award next year—an honor typically bestowed upon Best Actor winners—that’s fine. “But taking away Smith’s Oscar would be absurd, considering that the producer Harvey Weinstein, who has been convicted of rape, still has his Oscar. “Roman Polanski, who pleaded guilty to statutory rape, and Mel Gibson, who has an ugly history of racist and anti-Semitic remarks, still have theirs too.” Some readers took to Twitter to voice their opinion on the controversy, with film fans expressing division over the potential outcome of the Academy’s investigations. Film critic Robert Daniels tweeted: “Lots of gum smacking from an organization that still counts Mel Gibson as a proud member.” Twitter user I Speak Facts Only added: “Every single celebrity faking outrage over Will Smith needs to also offer their thoughts on Woody Allen, Mel Gibson, Alec Baldwin and Jan 6. Let’s start sharing shall we.” Petty Wakandan added: “The Academy can't expel Will Smith AND keep Mel Gibson, Harvey Weinstein and others without losing credibility.” Villain arc agreed: “They gave Mel Gibson his Oscar after that horrible racist & rape joke, and they continued to support and celebrate harvey Weinstein but are choosing to place sanctions on Will smith?????? Mhm.” DON'T MISS...Bruce Willis steps away from acting after brain condition diagnosis [LATEST]Laila Rouass sets pulses racing with topless pic after Ronnie split [PICTURES]Chris Rock breaks silence following Oscars altercation with Will Smith [VIDEO] Roddycairns said: “Smith is not going to be stripped of his Oscar. “But a formal review of his membership of the academy is the bare minimum they can do after taking absolutely no action whatsoever on the night, when a nominee assaults a presenter on live television. They can’t just let that slide.” Blacksheep16001 wrote: “I say we need to let it go. Yes Chris rock said was crass and hurtful. “Yes Will Smith should have controlled his temper. Will Smith earned the Oscar. Will apologized. “Chris Rock is not pressing charges. I think we need to move on.” (sic) RebaSAV48 added: “Will should be allowed to keep his Oscar. Y’all figure out a punishment like leaving him out of next year’s gala. He publicly apologized to Chris after he had time to reflect.” (sic) Will has since issued a public apology on social media, saying he “deeply regrets” his behaviour at the event. He branded his own behaviour as “unacceptable and inexcusable”, as he admitted that the joke was “too much for [him] to bear”.