Jameela Jamil, 36, has shared her “last tweet” after Twitter agreed to Elon Musk’s, 50, takeover offer for the price of $44 billion (£34.5 billion). The Good Place actress stated that she “feared” the social media site will become “totally lawless” under Mr Musk’s ownership. Jameela tweeted to her one million followers on Monday: “One good thing about Elon buying twitter is that I will *FINALLY* leave and stop being a complete menace to society on here. “So, it’s win win for you all really.” She then attached a selection of snaps with her dog, Barold, in what she said was her “last tweet”. The presenter wrote: “Ah he got twitter. I would like this to be my what lies here as my last tweet. Just really *any* excuse to show pics of Barold. READ MORE:Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ “I fear this free speech bid is going to help this hell platform reach its final form of totally lawless hate, bigotry, and misogyny. "Best of luck.” Express.co.uk has contacted Musk's representatives for comment. Elon Musk’s deal was announced yesterday after he made a bid to buy Twitter two weeks ago. In a statement, Tesla’s CEO said he would advocate free speech and “increase trust” on the site. He stated that “free speech is the bedrock of a functioning democracy” and that he planned to make Twitter “better than ever”. Mr Musk promised new features including: “Making the algorithms open source to increase trust, defeating the spam bots, and authenticating all humans.” There was speculation that Mr Musk would reinstate the account of former president Donald Trump. DON'T MISSWill Smith may face 'one of ugliest divorces' as Jada talks 'healing'[INSIGHT]Johnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip[LATEST]Kiefer Sutherland details ‘distant’ relationship with dad Donald[NEW] Mr Trump was permanently banned from Twitter following the storming of the Capitol in January 2021. However, the US politician has vowed not to return, opting to use his own TRUTH Social as a platform to voice his views. Nevertheless, Mr Trump said it was a good thing that Mr Musk bought Twitter and stated that he is a “good man”. The former president told Fox before Mr Musk’s deal was confirmed: “I am not going on Twitter, I am going to stay on TRUTH. “I hope Elon buys Twitter because he’ll make improvements to it and he is a good man, but I am going to be staying on TRUTH." Elon Musk is the world's richest man, according to Forbes. He has an estimated net worth of $273.6 billion (£214.7 billion). His enormous wealth largely comes from his roles as CEO of SpaceX and Tesla.