Russia’s five-week invasion of Ukraine has sparked major questions for China over its support for the Kremlin. Beijing assured the EU on Friday, April 1, that it would try to bring about peace in Ukraine but on its own terms. European leaders, including UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson, have called on China to help end the bloody war. Russia’s neighbour has been its most important ally in recent years but is under increasing pressure to help stop the current conflict. Speaking about the BRI, he told Express.co.uk: “It is in China’s constitution. So, it is not just Xi, it is part of China’s future. “With the interruption of trade lines – there are all sorts of other routes which trade can take. “But China, like Britain, like the US, and a lot of countries, thinks about the long-term.” He added: “If there is disruption for a few weeks, a few months, even a few years, it is about what things look like in the next 20 or 30 years. “And that, I think, is the key question in all of this: Is this a small hiccup in all of our connections? “Or is this something that is completely seismic, in what it is going to do to the world. “In my view it has transformed already, in very dramatic ways, the world we live in today and let alone for tomorrow.” Ukraine itself only handles a fraction of total rail freight between China and Europe. The main route of the BRI runs via Kazakhstan, Russia and Belarus. However, in January of this year, before the war, Xi underlined Ukraine’s relevance to the project. DON'T MISS: Putin humiliated as ‘exhausted’ troops retreat from strategic airport key to battle plans [LATEST]Nicola Sturgeon blasted for trying to railroad indy plans: 'Scots haven't given mandate!' [INSIGHT]UK obliterated Australian countryside with top-secret nuclear testing programme in 1950s [ANALYSIS] He sent Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky a note about the importance of the “China-Ukraine strategic partnership” in relation to the BRI. In recent weeks, Xi Jinping has not criticised his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin over the war. However, the Chinese President has condemned armed conflicts between states more generally, although without referring to Russia and Ukraine. Prof Frankopan claimed there were now signs that Chinese opinion of Russia is shifting. He said: “The Chinese to start with were all very supportive of Russia and thought it was all the West’s fault. “Now, I think that that is starting to change a little bit. Russia is imploding.”