Or maybe a relieved Dieu merci. But no. I just got endless shrugs and the French equivalent of I couldn’t care less, he’s a rich know-it-all, and nothing ever changes anyway. In one case I received a graphic illustration of what Macron should go and do to himself. Well, if this was, as Macron promised, a "referendum on the EU", then the French gave that bloated bureaucracy the most lukewarm reception.  Out of dozens of people I spoke to in bars and cafes only one was unashamedly enthusiastic about Macron and the European project. It transpired he was an illegal migrant from Bangladesh who’d paid 1,000 Euros to bribe his way into the EU from Turkey in the back of a truck. He seemed to hero-worship Macron, while his eyes darkened at the thought of Le Pen. Are you legal now? I asked, a little alarmed. Mais oui! he enthused. Mr Macron has seen to that. Back in the UK, the EU obsessives are celebrating Macron’s victory like it’s Christmas in Strasbourg. “Europe this morning is far stronger and more European”, wrote the arch Europhile Andrew Adonis, before adding with glee, “while Brexit Britain is ever more isolated and impotent on the fringes.” Over in Brussels, the democratically challenged technocrat, Ursula von der Leyen, oozed “This is liberal democracy in action. I am delighted to be able to continue our excellent cooperation.” To be a fly on her wall if Macron had lost. It's clear the president’s 58-42 victory over someone as unelectable as Le Pen is seen by the EU as a glorious triumph and a green light for ever more Europe and even closer union. Don’t they always. But no amount of gooey Euro-gloat can remove the fact that France remains just about the most Eurosceptic country on the continent. There are millions of Frexiteers. According to the polls, 63 per cent of French people want a Brexit-style referendum. Mr Macron admitted, to the BBC no less, that, if they were given that wish, the French might well vote out, bringing the whole EU edifice crashing to earth. He sounded terrified. And even France’s Europhiles aren’t great Europeans. According to Bordeaux-based American journalist Michael Johnson, “the French just don’t like other EU members. They hate the Germans and laugh at the Italians. "All the other little countries are just a nuisance. The French rooster is alive and well. One hears the ‘coco-ri-co’ (translation: ‘we’re so proud to be French’) all the time.” That sounds right. France is ripe for a blistering Brexit-style referendum. Yet, at present, those wanting to register that desire can only vote for a woman universally regarded, even after a cuddly makeover, as utterly toxic, embarrassingly incapable and a crashing mediocrity. She holds views well to the right of any significant politician in the UK, and has pro-Putin sympathies. Even she couldn’t bring herself to stand on a pure Frexit platform – preferring to reform from within. If Le Pen is the Frexiteers’ best hope, they might as well give up.   But just think what they could achieve with a decent leader – i.e. someone not called Le Pen. Well, to date the French system conspires against that. The mainstream Republicans (can we still call them that, with only five percent of the vote?) are as EU obsessed as Macron, as are the marginalised socialists. Other than Le Pen and Zemmour, the only folk to flirt with Frexit are further to the left of Jeremy Corbyn. So, France is where Britain was in 2014, ripe with anti-EU sentiment but no realistic outlet for expressing it. A referendum would show where they stand. But there’s zero hope of that any time soon. Stand by, then, for five more years of drift and irritation at Macron’s arrogance, failure to understand small-town and rural France, and EU obsession. He said he plans to address the anger of Le Pen’s supporters. But he neglected to say how or when. Maybe he doesn’t know. Maybe he doesn’t care. Oh well, there’s always 2027, when we’ll go through the whole shebang again – minus Macron. Until then, we’ll watch on, wish the Frexiteers well and assure them that exiting the EU is a marathon not a sprint. 