This morning, the forecaster issued yellow warnings for snow across Scotland. It said: "Persistent rain over northern Scotland will increasingly turn to snow over high ground during Tuesday, then perhaps to lower levels in the afternoon and evening. "This is likely to bring some accumulations above 100-200m with 3-7cm in places and perhaps 10cm above 300m. "There is some uncertainty by Tuesday night but rain and snow is likely to become focused further north across Scotland with a small chance of 2-5 cm settling at low levels by Wednesday morning and 15 cm above 200-300m - this most likely across Caithness, Sutherland and Ross and Cromarty." Looking ahead to the weekend, the Met Office said: "There is a risk of snow at times on the northern edge of the bands of rain, this mainly across central areas. "Widespread frosts are expected in the north, with some icy patches likely." Meanwhile, Weather forecaster WXCharts has predicted lows of -6C overnight on Wednesday in Scotland. However, milder temperatures will be seen in the south, with temperatures ranging from 5 to 8C. The midlands will see temperatures of between 1 and 4C. Netweather forecaster Jo Farrow said that the cold weather will be caused by "Arctic air". READ MORE: UK snow: Scots set for 49cm of snow as mercury dips to -7C While the cold air will be replaced by milder weather at the very start of this week, she said it will return by midweek, bringing snow with it. Ms Farrow said: "Last week’s cold Arctic air has been replaced by mild, blustery and damp Atlantic air flowing over the top of a high pressure to the southwest. "However, the cold air is still lurking just to the north. "It will take hold again gradually from midweek. DON'T MISS: UK snow forecast: SECOND Polar blast hits NEXT WEEK - 22cm in Scotland [REPORT] Tim Martin wants to turn Buckingham Palace into Wetherspoons [INSIGHT] Man killed as blast rips through house - residents evacuated [REPORT] "The low centre is moving over southern Scandinavia. "The warm front rain continues southwards over England this morning with much of the UK then in the warm sector." She continued: "There will be snow, over the Scottish mountains, but also by mid-week to lower levels in the far north, with ice. "Early on Tuesday, the rain in the northwest becomes heavier, over the north of Northern Ireland for a time, North Wales briefly and then setting in for NW England and Scotland. "It shifts about slightly, but western Scotland looks very wet on Tuesday. "As the day progresses and that rain band continues to interact with the cold Arctic air over northern Scotland, there will be snow." The forecaster added: "Low pressure slides in from the west and keeps the frontal band across northern Scotland for the rest of the day, so more heavy rain and more snow, particularly across the Highlands and Grampian."