Red Bull boss Christian Horner has joked he will not be checking Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez’s underwear as the FIA crackdown on safety. During Friday’s drivers' briefing, F1 race director Niels Wittich warned the FIA would be looking at what drivers wore behind the wheel. There are concerns some drivers have not been wearing the correct flame-resistant underwear. The FIA will be more proactive with random spot checks to affect drivers from a few races time. Penalties could then be issued if drivers are not found to be following the rules. The underwear crackdown comes just hours after Wittich also clamped down on jewellery. In his weekend race notes, he reminded drivers should not wear jewellery behind the wheel on the grounds of safety. However, Horner saw the light side to Wittich’s comments, adding it was an “entertaining drivers briefing”. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton told he 'should have retired' as bleak prediction made He laughed that losing jewellery or underwear would be “quite helpful” to lose weight on the car. He said: “Well, I certainly won’t be checking our drivers' underwear for compliance. I see that as a team manager role although I'm reliably informed that our drivers go commando, so hopefully, it won't be an issue for them. “But I've yet to meet the race director. Obviously, they're doing the best job they can with the rules that they have. But yeah, I understand it was an entertaining drivers’ briefing yesterday, but in the interests of weight saving, whether you're losing jewellery or underwear at the moment is quite helpful for us.” Safety is of heightened concern for the FIA after Romain Grosjean's horror crash at the 2020 Bahrain Grand Prix. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen's fiery relationship with father Jos [INSIGHT]Charles Leclerc was upset by 'arrogance' criticism [ANALYSIS]Verstappen explains Red Bull's position ahead of Australian Grand Prix [COMMENT] There are fears jewellery could lead to further injuries in the event of an accident or stop drivers from being able to leave their cockpits. Flame resistant underwear is essential as it could stip drivers from receiving burns in a fiery shunt. However, any penalties issued for using the wrong jewellery or underwear is expected to be a fine rather than a sporting penalty, A precedent has already been set with several Formula E drivers issued penalties back in 2018. Lucas di Grassi, Jean-Eric Verge and Andre Lotterer were issued fines for wearing the wrong underwear at events.