Tyson Fury and Dillian Whyte continued the mutual respect between one another as the pair danced together on stage after weighing in ahead of Saturday night's WBC and Ring Magazine heavyweight world title fight in front of 94,000 at Wembley Stadium. While many were expecting plenty of needle, both men have sprung a major surprise by refusing to engage in any trash talk, despite a series of heated online spats over the years.  Fury, who is fighting back in the UK for the first time since 2018, tipped the scales to 264lb 13oz after he was met with a thunderous reception on stage at Boxpark. Prior to that, the challenger Whyte had weighed in at 253lbs 4oz - slightly heavier than both of his previous bouts against Alexander Povetkin - as he bids to execute a monumental upset and secure the win of his life. Yet similarly to Wednesday's press conference, there was no bad blood as the duo swapped hats shortly after going face-to-face in front of a packed crowd. The Gypsy King looked focused and fired up but he did not cross the line as he stared Whyte down. READ MORE: Inside 'frightening' Tyson Fury training camp sparring for Dillian Whyte world title fight Remarkably, the pair then danced together on stage as Fury paraded his green WBC strap. While there was visible respect just over a day out from the meeting, Fury promised fireworks on Saturday night. When asked by Jimmy Lennon Junior - whose presence finally gave the showpiece the big-fight feel - if he had a message ahead of his homecoming, Fury roared: "UNBELIEVABLE! Come on the UK! I am so happy to be back here fighting at Wembley Stadium. "You all made it happen, every one of you made it happen. "I just want to say a big shoutout to Dillian Whyte and his team, proper professional men an we're going to give you a real fight. "We're going to put a show on like no other before, it's going to be a war. Don't worry about that." "I just want to say a big shoutout to Dillian Whyte and his team, proper professional men and we're going to give you a real fight. "We're going to put a show on like no other before, it's going to be a war. Don't worry about that." Whyte was not prepared to read too much into his weight, saying: "Nothing [no thought behind coming in heavier], some fights are different. "I'm fighting a bigger guy, who is much heavier than me. "I wanted to be a little bit bigger, but I've fought at 150lbs before. "Let's wait and see, I'm not worried about weight, I've trained hard, I'm ready so let's go." And when questioned on the dancing with Fury, Whyte also promised box-office entertainment. "We're ready to go to war, trust me," he added. "Don't let all of this fool you, trust me, we are ready to go to war."