Moss is one of the most common causes of what the experts at Homebase call a “squelchy-lawn” – because it absorbs water like a sponge. It can be a nightmare for lawn enthusiasts who dream of having perfect thick, lush grass. When it comes to banishing moss from lawns, Tristan Sissons, Garden Buying Manager at Homebase shared a few ways to remove it; either with a moss killer or for those who prefer the more traditional and organic gardening methods, he suggested some sacrifier tools. “Removing moss from your lawn requires a two-step attack – firstly, removing the moss and secondly, preventing it from coming back,” Tristan said. Tristan explained: “Physically removing moss from your lawn can be done by scarifying. “This isn’t as scary as it sounds! It simply means giving your lawn a good rake to tease out the plant. “For a small garden, this can be done by hand using a garden rake, or an electrical scarifier for larger areas. READ MORE: Homebase has slashed 20% off indoor and outdoor plants in a new sale “If the moss is only mild, simply scarifying and improving your lawn care can be enough to stop it from coming back. “If your moss problem is more severe, you’ll need a stronger combination of scarifying, moss killer and lawn care.” Homebase has an Electric Lawn Rake Scarifier which is “two machines in one”. The Powerbase 1400 is the “perfect machine for improving the condition of your lawn by removing moss and the build-up of organic matter”. DON'T MISS...Easter half-term: The 7 best ideas to get the kids in the garden [UPDATE]Garden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay [GUIDE]How to protect your plants from the unseasonably cold weather [LATEST] Tristan said, “the best time to use moss killer is on a dry day in the Spring or Autumn”. He suggested: “If the moss is thick, scarify your lawn first before applying moss killer to open the area up. “This will allow the product to penetrate to the bottom of the plants. “Apply the moss killer by hand (with gloves on) or with a sprayer, but always check the instructions on the back of the product you choose. “After treating with a moss killer, the moss in your lawn will turn black (usually after two weeks). “Then, use a rake to remove the dead moss from your lawn.” Tristan also had a handy tip to “make the most of your garden waste by adding the raked-out moss to a compost bin”. “The best way to prevent moss from coming back is to get your grass growing vigorously,” Tristan said. “With some care and attention, you can turn a mossy lawn into a beautiful green garden that you’ll be proud of.” To do this, Tristan shared some tips: “Aerate your lawn by spiking holes into the soil at regular intervals using a garden fork or lawn aerator. “Re-seed any sparse patches of your lawn and increase the resilience of your garden with grass seed. “When mowing your lawn, be careful not to cut the grass too short as this will stress the grass and encourage moss.” There is a range of bestselling lawn products which are available in your local Homebase or online until April 26 that Tristan suggested: Aftercut Patch Fix was £14.95, now £10 Aftercut All in One Lawn Feed, Weed and Moss Killer was £35, now £17.50 Gro-Sure Fast Acting Lawn Seed 30 percent Extra Free £6.95