After Putin invaded Ukraine on February 24, the Kremlin strongman’s inner circle was placed under the spotlight. His ministers and security chiefs were sanctioned by the UK, the US and other nations. Powerful oligarchs who have links to the Kremlin were also slapped with asset freezes and other financial punishments. Russia’s oligarchs are a tight-knit group of billionaires who operate in a notoriously cutthroat world at the top of Russian society. “Either they would kill me there. “Or they’ll put me in prison then send me to Moscow and kill me there. “Or I would live at home in France.” The documentary explores Pugachev’s relationship with his then-partner British-born Countess Alexandra Tolstoy. The billionaire has children with the socialite, who comes from a long line of Russian nobility. The film shows how the couple, who are no longer together, were pursued by Russian debt collectors and had threats made against their family. Pugachev was among a string of Russian businessmen who got rich after the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. At one time, the oligarch had shipyards, a coal mine and designer brands in his business empire. However, he fell out of favour with the Kremlin over Mezhprombank, which collapsed in 2010 and lost its banking licence. Putin’s officials claimed Pugachev had transferred $700million (£530million) from the lender to a Swiss bank account during the 2008 financial crisis – an allegation he denies. DON'T MISS: ‘Declining memory’ Joe Biden mistakenly refers to Michelle Obama as VP in latest gaffe [LATEST]Joe Biden and Xi Jinping 'finding way to talk' as Putin risks 'world going up in flames' [INSIGHT]Treasure hunter’s ‘extraordinary’ Nazi U-boat find ‘beneath island’ in 1981: ‘Holy cow!’ [ANALYSIS] The Kremlin succeeded in winning a High Court case against the fallen billionaire in the UK, which froze his assets and stopped him leaving the country, although he later fled to France. Journalist Luke Harding explained in the documentary what life is like for oligarchs who fall out with the Kremlin. He said: “He is in the South of France. He told me he was down to his last $70million. “But actually, 70million does not sound too bad. “But generally, if you are an oligarch and you fall from power, you can guarantee you will spend the next 20 years with your lawyers.” ‘The Countess and the Russian Billionaire’ is available on Netflix. On Monday, the DUP formally launches its campaign ahead of May's poll while Sinn Fein is expected to unveil its line-up of candidates.