The vote will take place in May as doctors attend a conference of local medical committees to vote on whether to scale back their hours. If voted in favour, the change would see GP practices opening times shift from the standard 8am until 6.30pm. Instead, staff would work a more standard shift of 9am to 5pm hours. This change would see GPs being paid extra rates for working outside those core hours. The motion will be proposed by Avon Local Medical Committee (LMC) at a conference in York on May 10 and 11. The motion says “urgent action” should be taken to manage the imbalance between workload and workforce within general practice. The motion from Avon LMC, which represents GPs in Bristol, South Gloucestershire and North Somerset, will be heard at the annual conference of UK local medical committees, If the motion is passed, NHS England, which controls the funding of GP practices, would have to sign it off. The proposed change comes following unprecedented hours worked by medical staff during the Covid-19 pandemic. Doctors have said that the pandemic led the public to have “additional and unrealistic expectations of general practice”. READ MORE: SNP accused of sowing division with blood donors question Another proposal at the meeting – this time proposed by Cambridgeshire and Cleveland LMCs – will call for “safe workload limits” to reduce the burden on GPs. This comes after Government-backed research highlighted that nearly six in 10 GPs now work three-day weeks, The study commissioned by the Department of Health, published earlier this month, showed a "significant" drop in working hours since the pandemic. The report revealed that a third of GPs — who earn £100,000 per year on average — want to retire within five years. The findings showed that just half of family doctors were in work by Friday afternoons. DON'T MISS Doctors slammed for calls to cut 'core' opening hours [INSIGHT]Hepatitis outbreak: Which countries are reporting cases? [MAP]Lavrov fires chilling threat to US 'Make sure New York NEVER forgets' [REPORT] The new data also highlighted that 58.4 percent of GPs were working six half-day sessions or less per week – the equivalent of three days. This compares with 50.1 per cent when the last survey was conducted in 2019, before the pandemic. The data also show a fall in the proportion of time spent on "direct patient care". Prior to COVID-19 being found in the UK, eight in ten medical appointments took place in person. However, the figure plunged to fewer than half during the pandemic. Despite a relaxation in rules related to the virus, the proportion of consultations that are in-person has only bounced back to 61 percent. Moreover, the study highlighted that despite promises from the Government to expand surgery opening hours, the number of GPs working evenings and weekends had decreased. NHS chiefs have ordered surgeries to open on Saturdays and offer weekday evening appointments from October as dozens of patients have complained about struggling to access their GP.