Derry Girls is about to air its third and final season, as viewers prepare to say goodbye to the much-loved characters. The show suffered a two-year delay due to the coronavirus pandemic, but viewers will finally enjoy the final escapades of the Our Lady Immaculate College gang. However, fans may not have to say a final goodbye to the gang as creator Lisa McGee has opened up about the thought of creating a film. The Channel 4 series is loosely based on Lisa's life experience and tells the tale of teenagers living in Derry, Northern Ireland. Derry Girls was released in 2018 and instantly became a hit with viewers and gained a successful following. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, season three was delayed repeatedly, leaving three years between the second and third season. Despite this season being the last, there has been talk from Lisa that there has been an idea to take the girls' adventure further and create a movie. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces In a recent interview with Radio Times, she explained: "Who knows! You never know what will happen in 10 years’ time. "But as a writer, you just know when it’s complete. I’ll miss them, but I feel like I got to take those characters exactly where I wanted to take them." While Lisa doesn't seem to have any solid plans for a movie, she definitely isn't saying no, which will likely delight many fans. Could there be a future for the Derry Girls and a look into their life in the future? The final season of Derry Girls will see the return of Erin Quinn (played by Saoirse-Monica Jackson), Clare Devlin (Nicola Coughlan), Orla McCool (Louisa Harland), Michelle Mallon (Jamie-Lee O'Donnell) and James Maguire (Dylan Llewellyn). They will also be joined by a whole host of famous faces, sending off the final season with a bang. Louisa Harland also spoke with Radio Times about the new series' guest stars and teased: "I think people are going to lose their minds when they see who." Siobhan McSweeney, who plays droll nun and headteacher Sister Michael, also spoke about how she felt about the show ending. DON'T MISS...How many episodes are in Derry Girls season 3? [INSIGHT]Derry Girls season 3 episode 1 cast: Who is joining the final season? [LATEST]Derry Girls’ James star ‘still processing’ final day on series [WATCH] She told Metro.co.uk: "It broke my heart to hang up the habit, When I heard it was the last [series], yeah, it was very disappointing, but it also slightly made sense to me. "There’s a logical limit to how long these things can go, and there’s great dignity in bowing out before it gets s**t, frankly!" Nicola Coughlan also touched on how she felt leaving the series and told Newsletter.co.uk: "It’s a really strange thing that’s very hard to explain to people. "I mean, Clare Devlin is a mess, but I love her, and I will miss her very much." The synopsis for the first episode of the final series, which airs April 12, reads: "Lisa McGee’s joyous coming-of-age comedy returns for its third and final season. "The summer holidays are coming to a close, and hope is in the air that the conflict may finally be over. "Meanwhile, the girls of Our Lady Immaculate College experience a dark night of the soul as they fret about their impending GCSE results the following morning. "They try to get an early glimpse of their grades, but things soon spiral out of control, and the police arrive to investigate their activities, luckily, boring Uncle Colm (Kevin McAleer) is on hand to help." Derry Girls season 3 begins Tuesday, April 12 at 9:15pm on Channel 4.