With an average of 90,500 monthly searches for ‘mother of the bride outfits’ in the past three months, the summer wedding excitement has returned. Sarah McCann, a trends expert at leading Hatton Garden Jeweller, Diamonds Factory, opened up on the outfits picked by the mothers of Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle. Sarah told Express.co.uk: “If you’re in need of some pastel inspiration, there’s no better place to look than the extended Royal Family.  “Kate Middleton’s mother, Carole Middleton wore a mint green dress with a buttoned overcoat to the royal wedding, paired with a matching fascinator and a contrasting pastel pink clutch,” the expert noted. Doria Ragland, 65, attended the royal wedding between Meghan Markle and Prince Harry in 2018. She wore a pale green ensemble by Oscar de la Renta.  The designers of the dress, Laura Kim and Fernando Garcia, the co-creative directors of the brand, confessed the Duchess of Sussex wanted her mum to wear something meaningful to them both. Fernando previously said: "She wanted to have an American designer represented in the royal wedding because she's American.” Of the process to create the outfit, Fernando explained: "We had a few months, it was enough time. “We gave her two options, given the weather and she went with the pistachio colour,” he told Buro Middle East.  Sarah McCann added: “Doria Ragland, who was likely inspired by Carole Middleton, also went green for her daughter’s big day. “She opted for pale lime green, embroidered ensemble and matching beret-style cap. “For a winter wedding, deeper shades like maroon, navy and forest green can be a really sophisticated alternative to wearing black.” Sarah also advises mothers of brides to choose outfits that are weather appropriate, like Princess Anne.  She said: “Princess Anne opted for a coral, pleated dress with a floral overcoat for her daughter, Zara Tindall’s wedding. “The cropped overcoat is perfect for British summer weddings with unpredictable weather, keeping you at the right temperature and covered while remaining in style with the season. “Weather is obviously another key factor in deciding what you wear to a wedding. “For a destination or summer wedding, you may want to choose a sleeveless dress to prevent sweating, or alternatively, a short-sleeved, cropped overcoat can be great for keeping you cool but covered (hiding any sweat stains in the process).  “If the wedding is on a colder day, you might want to consider trying your outfit on with a cosy overcoat and tights, to make sure you stay warm when moving between venues.” Finally, Sarah advised prioritising comfort over style, like the parents of Pippa Middleton’s husband, James Matthews. She added: “For James Matthews and Pippa Middleton’s wedding, the mother of the groom wore a loose-fitting mint green overcoat. “Jane Matthews’ outfit was the perfect combination of comfortable and chic, and her bouncy 90s blow-dry did all the talking.” 