Season four of The Rookie continued on Sunday night with one of the most devastating episodes of its 2021-22 run so far. Fans of the popular ABC drama were horrified when Officer Lucy Chen (played by Melissa O'Neil) was called in to testify against the woman who had her kidnapped as a child and she was made to remember one of the most traumatic moments of her time with the LAPD. Fans have posted their heartbroken reactions on Twitter after Lucy relived her terrifying abduction in season two. In episode 17, Coding, Lucy is asked to give an official statement against her kidnapper, Rosalind Dyer (Annie Wersching). Rosalind had sent her protege Caleb Wright (Michael Cassidy) after her as part of her overall plot against night general Nick Armstrong (Harold Perrineau). Lucy was forced to get inside a barrel before she was buried alive, giving her mere minutes before she ran out of oxygen. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King She’s rendered unconscious, but is finally freed when the rest of her team is able to track her down and take out Caleb. However, Rosalind was left alive and well after Lucy’s brush with death, who struggled to build up the strength to relive the devastating incident. During Sunday night’s episode, Shelly Godefrin tweeted: “Poor Lucy. She had to go back to hell and survive again. She's so strong.” And Jenn exclaimed: “Lucy’s breaking down, oh my God I’m sobbing!” “Actually crying right now, I can’t stand these flashbacks #therookie,” @tripdaisyy wrote. The brave officer ultimately decided she didn’t want to give a statement for the case, as she realised she had nothing to prove to Rosalind. Although she clearly has a lot of healing still to do, fans admired Lucy’s strength to confront the footage of her would-be killer. “I relate to Lucy, I went through something that stuck with me (wasn’t as bad) but I understand the flashbacks,” DelRose said in solidarity with the Rookie favourite. DON'T MISS:Jeremy Vine's show unable to air as ITN studio hit with power outage [LATEST]The Last Kingdom’s Finan star Mark Rowley recalls difficulty shooting [INSIGHT]Outlander fans spot filming blunder in pivotal Jamie scene [BLUNDER] “I will just be doing nothing and boom, I’ll be back in my bathroom passing out or in the hospital not knowing what’s wrong.” Emily wrote: “I can't so much speak for myself, but I know that many are still dealing with their traumas, and to be able to see someone like Lucy still dealing with it and giving herself grace can be just what someone needs. “Thanks to the writers and to @Mel13Oneil for going there.” And Jennifer said: “Omg… Melissa perfectly played all the emotions as Lucy watched that video. “This is so hard for Lucy but I’m glad we get to see her strength show as she is dealing with it all. I hope both Tamara and Tim can be a support for her with this”, they added. Melissa herself replied to Jennifer’s tweet with a “thank you!” after praising her performance. Lucy’s friend and roommate Tamara (Dylan Conrique) and colleague Tim Bradford (Eric Winter) will no doubt prove vital while she continues to recover. Many fans even want Lucy and Tim to get together after nearly four seasons of hints and teasing, and having someone to lean on could certainly help alleviate some of the pain. Will The Rookie commit to a ‘Chenford’ romance, or will fans have to wait until the newly confirmed fifth season to see Lucy find closure? The Rookie season 4 continues Sundays on ABC in the USA and Thursdays on Sky Witness in the UK.