Matt Selt could face disciplinary action from snooker bosses after messages were shared which showed him directing abuse at an autistic fan on social media. The world number 21, who was unaware of the fan's autism, referred to him as a "mong" and a "pervert", while also launching an x-rated attack on Ronnie O'Sullivan. The nasty exchange took place on Instagram, after Selt posted a video of O'Sullivan missing a shot at the World Snooker Championship which he had recorded on his TV. He added the sarcastic caption: "What an ambassador," as he criticised the world number one for making a rude gesture after failing to pot the black. An unnamed fan replied to the Instagram story with a direct message on the same social media platform, mocking snooker star Selt. "When's your match Matt?" the fan asked, joking about the 37-year-old's absence from this year's competition at the Crucible. In a series of screenshots shared with the Daily Star, Selt was shown to have responded to the bait prompting a lengthy and expletive-laden conversation between them. "Rather not play than be an absolute c*** of a human," was his first reply, before referring to O'Sullivan as the "biggest p**** on tour". JUST IN: Ronnie O'Sullivan inspired by F1 legend Ayrton Senna for documentary Selt initially avoided directing abuse at the fan, who continued to goad him with an accusation of jealousy. But it was when he was sent a simple thumbs up emoji that the snooker star appeared to lose his cool, referring to the fan as a "f***ing doughnut" and a "mong". Unperturbed, the fan continued to try to wind up Selt by telling him to "enjoy his golf" and responding to a request to unfollow the Romford potter by saying: "I would say please give up snooker by you kinda already have!". Selt's response was to hurl more abuse, calling the fan a "boring c***" and a "f***ing muppet". The fan then pointed out Selt was still watching O'Sullivan in action at the Crucible, despite his clearly low opinion of the world number one. The snooker player admitted O'Sullivan was "great to watch" before calling the 46-year-old a "c***" for a second time, adding: "Bit like you." DON'T MISS:Ronnie O'Sullivan 'as talented as Messi and Federer' claims ex-rivalNeil Robertson confessed what scared him more than snookerRonnie O'Sullivan dons interview glasses and makes Schwarzenegger vow After the fan questioned how many snooker fans would have a poster of Selt on their wall, he asked if the fan would like him to send one before receiving the sarcastic reply: "I'd love it!!" After that, Selt said: "You'd probably w**k over it, before referring to the fan as a "pervert". The conversation appeared to end with the fan calling Selt a "great ambassador!", nodding to the snooker player's initial criticism of O'Sullivan. When contacted by Reach PLC for a response to the messages, Selt declined to comment. The exchange may well land him in hot water after an official confirmed that the sport's bosses would be looking into the situation. "This matter has been referred to the WPBSA’s Head of Integrity and will be investigated," a spokesperson for the World Snooker Tour said.