Temperatures are set to drop once again as the MET Office has predicted “chilly” weather overnight with a chance of some late season frost. For gardeners who have already started working on their lawns, it could cause trouble. One expert has recommended protecting the grass now to avoid new seeds dying. Carlos Real, Lawn Care Expert and Managing Director of Total Lawn, explained: “If you’ve just started spring renovations in your garden, the last thing you want is a forecast of cold nights and the potential for snow. “That’s because grass seed will only germinate above a temperature of seven degrees, so if you’ve only just planted seeds on your lawn, the likelihood is they’ll die. “The simple solution? If you’ve not started the spring renovations, whether that’s moss removal, scarification, aeration or seeding, it’s best to wait until the cold weather has passed.” For those who have already started these jobs, the expert recommended using a plastic sheet to protect the lawn. READ MORE: Shower cleaning: How to remove shower screen limescale - ‘never fails’ The expert said: “Cover your freshly laid lawn with a mesh or plastic sheet before the weather turns. “Ideally you’ll want to pin it two to three centimetres above the lawn, as you don’t want to crush the seeds.” Too much pressure on the lawn risks breaking the stems. However, for those who can’t pin it, Carlos recommended covering the lawn with a sheet and weighing it down at the corners. DON'T MISS:Gardening jobs: ‘Prevent weed growth’ and sow summer-flowering bulbs [COMMENT]Peace lily: How to care for ‘difficult’ houseplant [INSIGHT]House price growth has slowed ‘modestly’ but remains in double digits [EXPLAINER] The gardening exert added: “This should suffice. “Cover the lawn with topsoil, or a mixture of sand and topsoil, to insulate your new seedlings. “We’d always recommend checking the long range forecast before seeding your lawn. “You’ll want to keep the ground moist, but at a temperature above seven degrees.” Gardeners can also continue to do other jobs in their garden such as weeding and sowing summer-flowering bulbs indoors. Carlos said: “Even with the most careful of lawn routines, the most common problem in gardens are weeds. There are hundreds of types of weeds brought into your garden by wind and birds, but the best way to prevent weed growth is by keeping your lawn, flowerbeds and borders well maintained.” According to the expert, this means mowing, feeding and watering regularly. Gardeners can also prevent weeds from growing by making sure they are pulled out as quickly as possible. Carlos added: “If you have a weed problem that can’t be controlled, you’ll need to invest in a weedkiller. May is also a great time to plant a variety of bulbs because most of the late frost has passed. Summer-flowering bulbs are often sensitive to frost so planting them in May is a good way to guarantee a display of flowers in the summer. Carlos explained: “Bulbs are incredibly easy to plant and should be done in the springtime when your soil is between 12 and 15 degrees. “Firm favourites for flowering in summer include freesia, oriental lily, gladiolus and bearded iris.”