A Ukrainian woman has defended Boris Johnson following the decision of the Metropolitan Police to sanction the Prime Minister for his attendance at a birthday party in breach of lockdown rules. The radio caller praised the Prime Minister's support for Ukraine in its struggle against Vladimir Putin and branded calls for Boris's resignation "pathetic." Olga, calling from Fulham in west London told LBC: " I am Ukraine and I'm honestly saying if it's not for Boris, we wouldn't be winning the war. "Because I do think that Boris has this ability to organise not only the UK but whole world definitely Europe and America. "I think he was a catalyst of the events that have happened and Ukrainians are really grateful for him. "Regarding his resignation, I think it's a little beyond why he should resign no one is perfect." She continued: "It's like if you look in the history did Clinton resign? No,  did Tony Blair resign? no, and it was a much bigger issue than just a little cake at a birthday party for foreign ministers. "I think is so ridiculous. No one is perfect." Olga continued: "it's pathetic, children are killed in Ukraine little girls are raped you don't even understand what's going on. I have a family there. It's a tragedy beyond belief and people talking about little things. "You need to take your perspective and if Boris gon and no one will be in power for the next months Ukraine will lose the war it's as simple as that." It comes as the fallout after Mr Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak admitted paying fines this week continued with further calls to quit. Conservative MPs Nigel Mills and Craig Whittaker said the Prime Minister's position was untenable after he was found to have broken the rules he set. However, Mr Johnson's position was safe for the time being, with politicians away from Parliament for the Easter recess and numerous Tory critics arguing for immediate focus to be on the invasion of Ukraine. Lord Wolfson, a justice minister since 2020, said in his resignation letter to Mr Johnson that he has come to the "inevitable conclusion that there was repeated rule-breaking, and breaches of the criminal law, in Downing Street". DON'T MISSLe Pen victory would mean Frexit in all but name – expert [INSIGHT]China 'preparing for war with US in Asia' alongside Russia [ANALYSIS]Emmanuel Macron facing frustration as Poland blocks pet project [REPORT] He concluded that had no option but to resign considering "my ministerial and professional obligations to support and uphold the rule of law". The decision heaped pressure on Dominic Raab, whose Labour shadow Steve Reed pointed out as Justice Secretary is "constitutionally charged with upholding the law but is instead condoning law-breaking" by backing Mr Johnson. Mr Raab described Lord Wolfson as a "world-class lawyer" whose "wisdom and intellect will be sorely missed" in Government. Mr Johnson wrote to the peer saying he was "sorry to receive" the resignation while praising his "years of legal experience".