The royal expert, who appeared via video link on Friday's instalment of Good Morning Britain, was discussing the Sussexes visiting the Queen and Prince Charles before jetting off to The Netherlands for the Invictus Games. The couple reportedly greeted the monarch without their two young children Archie and Lilibet who reside in California. Jennie Bond told ITV viewers Her Majesty "must be so so upset not to have met" Lilibet yet.  Jennie told ITV viewers: "I just wanted to say yet again how terribly sad [the Queen] must be, again she must be so so upset not to have met her granddaughter who has her name. "But there we are, they are over in The Hague and they had their Netflix camera crew following them around. "And it would have been very nice if the crew had been allowed to see that meeting between the three of them, or four of them, it would have been very interesting to be a fly on the wall. "But I don't think the Netflix crew were allowed into Windsor Castle." READ MORE: Jack Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jack Millar now? Lilibet is now 10 months old and has been growing up at her parents' home in California with her two-year-old brother Archie. While the Queen has met Archie, she has not yet met Lilibet who was named after the sweet nickname the monarch coined as a child. Her Majesty has adopted the name as a result of her mispronouncing Elizabeth as a young girl. Lilibet was born in Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital near Harry and Meghan's Montecito mansion but has not set foot on British soil yet.  A spokesperson for Meghan and Harry confirmed they visited the Queen and Prince Charles at Windsor Castle on Thursday as Harry had hoped to do. The couple stopped in on their way to The Hague to attend The Invictus Games which runs between April 16 and April 22. Their visit comes after the couple sparked outrage after missing Prince Philip's memorial service in March. About 1,800 attended the service which took place on March 30 in Westminster Abbey. DON'T MISS...'Typically magnanimous' Queen hailed for Harry and Meghan meeting [LATEST]Meghan and Harry accused of 'using Queen for commercial gain' [VIDEO]Prince Harry and Meghan 'need Queen's fairy dust' to protect brand [LATEST] A spokesperson for the Sussexes confirmed the couple would not be present at the event but did not give an explanation. Royal expert Angelia Levin also weighed in on the couple's visit to meet the monarch, but she questioned their motives. She told Good Morning Britain viewers: "I think you have to be very careful not to jump to conclusions. "I think the Queen and Prince Charles have missed them hugely and therefore they could wrap them around their little fingers and use them for commercial use as they have done before.  "I think it's something to do with not turning up at Prince Philip's memorial service and finding out what the reaction to that was, it was very bad, and they can't afford to lose that publicity." She fumed: "I can't believe when you are so unkind and untruthful when you talk to Oprah Winfrey it takes you well over a year to decide you want to make friends again." Meghan and Harry's bombshell interview with Oprah aired last March in which the Duchess said she experienced racism and thought of suicide while living with the British Royal Family. Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays at 6am on ITV. 