Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has opened up on the state of his squad ahead of Saturday's Premier League clash with Leicester. The Red Devils have had a busy international break, securing a new contract for Bruno Fernandes while also interviewing the likes of Erik ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino about the manager's job. Their current focus, however, is ending the campaign on a high by securing qualification for next season's Champions League. Rangnick started his press conference by hailing the club’s decision to give Bruno Fernandes a new contract. The Portugal international has extended his deal until June 2026, doubling his wages to £240,000-a-week in the process to make him one of the best-paid players at the club. And Rangnick was delighted at seeing Fernandes extend his stay, while also saying he’d congratulated the 27-year-old for his recent brace in Portugal’s 2-0 win over North Macedonia. "I think that's very good news for the club, for the fans, the supporters also for Bruno to know he will be here for the next five years, I suppose,” he said. "There is no doubt he is a very important player for this club and this team. “That's great news, I already congratulated him yesterday after his return from the World Cup Qualifiers. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He played very well, scored the most important goals to qualify." Also over the international break, club captain Harry Maguire was booed by England fans during their 3-0 win over the Ivory Coast in midweek. That incident was branded a joke by Gareth Southgate and Rangnick, speaking to the media, was also critical. "(Spoken?) Not yet, but I speak regularly since I'm here he knows my position towards him, he's been a very valuable player for the team and the club, the captain,” he said. "I didn't understand what happened at Wembley, it won't happen in our stadium with the Red Army. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players “He's been playing well for Manchester United and England in the last couple of years. Gareth Southgate said something after the game and Harry Kane. “I didn't watch the game but I heard what had happened after they announced the starting line up. Difficult to understand. “I don't speak to them in person but I'm pretty sure it won't happen in our stadium. For it to happen in an international game is unusual. "I don't think this is a personal thing, it hasn't anything to do with Harry himself, we know there are one or two players who have been criticised in the last few months, for example, Fred, a very important player for this team, playing regularly for the team and Brazil, I watched his game and he did well. "Maybe it's still got to do with the high expectations around this club and people tend to compare with former players and legends. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “Fred, Scotty and Harry are important players and players with the right attitude." While away with France, Paul Pogba suggested he’d been unhappy at playing out of position for United. Yet Rangnick has refused to criticise the France international, insisting the tinkering is ‘normal’ due to players being out. "I've got enough to do now to prepare the team for the next game, and I don't think it makes sense to interpret or just judge what he has said in an interview, it doesn't make sense, for me it's only important to judge him,” he said. "I heard he said he had played in different positions in the last couple of weeks. "Since the game against West Ham on 22 Janury we have lost three strikers since then, Anthony Martial, Mason Greenwood and Edinson Cavani - who is injured again and will be out for the next couple of weeks, and on top of that if Paul was still injured himself, with Bruno or Scott McTominay missing, you have to play in a different role. This is normal." Meanwhile, after Fernandes signed a new contract earlier today, John Murtough had his say on the matter. “Everyone is well aware of Bruno’s importance to Manchester United,” he said. “His goals and assists record is phenomenal and he has performed remarkably consistently since he joined the club. “Bruno’s work-rate, dedication and fantastic attitude are exactly what we want from a Manchester United player. “He is the ultimate professional with many fantastic attributes to drive the high standards required to play for this great club. “Bruno, like everyone across the football club, remains hugely ambitious and determined to deliver sustained success on the pitch to get us back to challenging for titles.” 