The Conservative MP fumbled in an attempt to justify the culture of MPs drinking alcohol during work hours in Parliament. Anne-Marie Trevelyan disputed the suggestion alcohol should be banned in the House of Commons but her defence failed to offer any sense of clarity. “There's nothing wrong with having a drink with your colleagues,” declared the international trade secretary. She described drinking as “a chance to catch up and discuss matters of the day.” “It’s those who abuse and find the drinking culture too strong, that is not ok,” said Ms Trevelyan, “that is something that has improved a great deal when you talk to those who have been in parliament much longer than the vast majority has.” The Tory MP explained, “that sense of responsible drinking that we advocate and I would advocate to my kids and anyone else, is something we want to see throughout the Palace.” “That’s what we need to work on at every level,” she declared. Broadcaster Kamali Melbourne suggested changes should be made to drinking in Westminster in order to ensure the responsible behaviour of political representatives.    “Responsible drinking is one thing, but we don’t allow people to drink and drive because most of us won’t drink and drive, but some people do - so that's why we ban it,” the Sky News reporter declared. He continued, “Now people in parliament are drinking and behaving badly - shouldn’t we ban booze in parliament?” Ms Trevelyan appeared flustered by the claims of the journalist as she argued, “well people can go round to the Red Lion up the road and have a drink.” “But that’s not quite the same as on-site is it? It’s probably quite heavily subsidised as well,” continued Melbourne who was unrelenting in his questioning of the Tory MP. Read more: 'He should go' Tory MP caught ‘watching porn’ in Commons chamber “Not particularly, no,” denied Ms Trevelyan. She continued to defend drinking in parliament: “the reality is there's nothing wrong, I think, in the course of an evening, or indeed at the end of a working day, when we vote at seven on a Tuesday for instance.” “At the end of a working day you might go round the corner to the pub with your mates after work, as indeed many people do from the office,” the Tory MP argued. “But then you’re going home, you’re not going back to work,” asserted Melbourne. Don't miss:  Ian Blackford's extraordinary rant against Boris 'no respect!' [REPORT]I’m a woman MP and I’m calling time on misogyny [COMMENT]Ferrari erupts as he slams civil servants 'staying in their pyjamas' [VIDEO] “So there is the challenge with parliament,” detailed Ms Trevelyan, “that we are in this very unusual location.” She continued: “the key message that I would say to my colleagues and I have multiple times said to people is, there's nothing wrong with having a drink with colleagues, a chance to discuss issues, responsibility.” The international trade secretary made clear that “responsible drinking has to be the way forward.” “We continue to try and improve that,” said Ms Trevelyan.