The bungalow located in Wynlass Park is currently situated next to other similar looking bungalows.  Mr and Mrs D Greaves submitted the application and reportedly amended it after receiving feedback from residents in the community. The national park authority's development control committee approved the planning application. Once completed, the two-storey house will be finished in stone beneath a slate roof, with a proposed ridge height similar to a neighbouring property, located further uphill on the street. Critics have said the house will alter the feel of the community, but the applicants said the plan has been altered to include feedback.  The plan also pointed out that other properties, that are taller, already exist in the road. Residents speaking in opposition of the plans were present at the meeting on Wednesday. One resident, Mr Hoyle, expressed concerns over the "proportionate size of the property compared to the rest of the properties". He claimed that the proposed building would be two and a half times larger in terms of living space.  READ MORE: Slow GDP growth for UK as Moscow’s economy forecast to plummet Resident Mrs Sidney said: "The main objection is on the basis of it altering the character of the area. It’s a very open, spacious feel [in the road] at the present time. It’s going to alter the feel of the lane very much.” However, the applicant Mrs Greaves told the meeting that the application she and her husband submitted was a "significant revision of a previous application, based on feedback". Mrs Greaves said: "The basement that was previously included has been removed.  DON'T MISS: Easter weather forecast: UK to bake in 70F+ blast over Bank Holiday [INSIGHT]New plan to crush fly tipping unveiled [COMMENT]POLL:Do you think Macron or Le Pen would be better for Brexit Britain? [ANALYSIS] “If approval is given, our [house] will be lower in height than two other properties on Wynlass Park. The house has been planned to our needs, with just one master bedroom and two smaller bedrooms for when our children and grandchildren stay.” Neil Henderson, the area planner, released a report ahead of the meeting. He had recommended the application be approved. Hugh Branney told fellow committee members: “I have every sympathy with the objectors on this one, but I don’t think we have sufficient grounds to go along with them, and I think we have to agree with the officer’s recommendation.” 