Igor Girkin, a former Russian Army leader, vocally criticised the capability and tactical skill-set of the Russian military forces. Girkin warned the strength of the Russian invasion of Ukraine is weakening and, as forces begin to retreat, the war will soon cross the border into Russian land. “We can expect the war to enter the territory of the Russian Federation,” claimed Girkin.   The ex-military chief has previously been recognised for his open criticism of Russian leader Putin and military powers in the President's inner circle. Girkin claimed the President's invasion efforts are rapidly losing motion as he stated “the Russian Federation cannot win this war.” The former Russian leader exposed the weakness in Russia’s current lack of allies as their military forces are rapidly drained. “We cannot rely on Europe,” claimed Girkin, “we cannot rely on China either.” Without strong international allies, Russian forces lack reinforcements to replace exhausted troops that have reportedly been struggling for adequate food and clothing for weeks.    Regardless of Putin’s absent allies, Girkin claimed the true weakness on the Russian front was the inexperience and lack of warfare knowledge among those leading the invasion. Girkin claimed even the strongest ally would not be able to “help our generals hold their pants up.” Valery Gerasimov, the acting Army General in Russia, was also mocked by Girkin for his incompetence in military operations. According to Girkin, Russian military powers have “no skills in warfare at all.” Read more:  New bans for Russia as Liz Truss vows to 'starve Putin's war machine' Prior footage has already recorded Girkin’s belief that Russia cannot possibly achieve victory in Ukraine. A clip from Russian television released in March captured Girkin’s declaration that Russian forces are “incapable of a sophisticated military operation.” In his latest appearance, Girkin continues to denounce Putin and his closest circle of Russian leaders. Girkin outlined how the Russian Government is “unable to articulate what they want to achieve with this war.” DON'T MISS:Russian military leader admits Ukraine war has failed on TV  [VIDEO]Should UK issue total ban on Russian crude oil? [POLL]EU chief squirms in probe over 'weakish' Russian ban [REPORT]   In his analysis of the Russian military performance, Girkin is clear in his opinion that Putin has lost direction in the war. Russian military forces have retreated from key areas of Ukraine, including areas of Kyiv, as they lack resources to continue the invasion. Global opposition to the Russian invasion isolates Putin from forming international alliances, as explained by Girkin, Russia is “all by ourselves. Putin pushes on with his invasion of Ukraine as increasing trade sanctions pressure the weakening Russian leader to withdraw his military forces.   