Before George Michael died on Christmas Day 2016 at just 53, he was heavily involved in a documentary on his life and career. Now the first trailer for George Michael Freedom Uncut has arrived with posthumous recordings offering devastatingly honest views on his newfound fame during his early career. The singer admitted: “I can’t really explain how overwhelming that kind of hysteria can be. I remember thinking, I really don’t know if I’ll ever do this again.” Michael is also heard saying in the documentary that will open up on his private life: “All I wanted at that time was success. You have a right to walk away… The music industry takes away that right from every artist it signs… And I want to leave songs, I believe I can leave songs that will mean something to other generations.” George Michael Freedom Uncut is also set to feature interviews with stars from Sir Elton John to Ricky Gervais, with Liam Gallagher branding him: “Modern day Elvis”. The deeply autobiographical documentary is personally narrated by Michael himself and directed by his close friend David Austin. An official description reads: “The film delves into the turbulent period after Faith leading up to, during and after the making of his Listen Without Prejudice: Vol 1 album in 1990. At this pivotal period of his life, Michael is able to fight for his artistic freedom and lead the way for others. He meets his first real love, Anselmo Feleppa and navigates both the heartbreak of Anselmo’s early tragic passing from an AIDS-related illness and the devastating loss of his mother. GEORGE MICHAEL FREEDOM UNCUT is also a  brilliant reminder of Michael’s outstanding musical genius during the Wham! years  and throughout his solo career.” It continued: “The film features timeless duets with George’s favourite artists and explores how he influenced the cultural landscape of his generation as one of the world’s best-selling artists of all time.  Interwoven with exclusive, personal archival footage, this year’s theatrical release includes never-seen-before footage from one of the most iconic videos in music history, Freedom! ’90, directed by Oscar-nominated David Fincher. The music video has been recently remastered in 4K and will screen in full ahead of the main feature in cinemas worldwide.” DON'T MISSMichael Jackson movie announced from Freddie Mercury biopic producer [MICHAEL JACKSON]George Michael: How China paid Wham! and changed Wake Me Up lyrics [WHAM!]George Michael’s death threatened to 'OVERSHADOW' his legacy [GEORGE MICHAEL] The movie will be 108 minutes long with other talking heads including Stevie Wonder, Nile Rodgers and Mary J Blige. Director and close friend David Austin said: “The film is George's final work. Narrated by George himself, it is the complete story. George Michael was an inspiring artist whose story deserves to be shared on the  big screen globally.” Tickets for the cinematic release of George Michael Freedom Uncut are on sale now ahead of the film’s debut on June 22, 2022 and can be ordered here.