DLA is a benefit delivered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) for disabled people that is gradually being replaced by PIP. Over one million people (1.3 million) are claiming DLA across the UK, including 141,328 in Scotland, according to August 2021 figures from the DWP. Out of the many people claiming the benefit, DLA claimants living in Scotland are being reminded that their disability benefit will be moving to payments administered by Social Security Scotland this year, in a migratory move that is expected to take around three years to complete. Guidance on the mygov.scot website states: “The process of moving people on DLA who were born on or after April 8, 1948 starts in summer 2022. It will take around three years to move everyone. “If you were born before April 8, 1948 then your benefit will move later.” It goes on to confirm that DLA claimants will still keep receiving their regular payments from the DWP until their benefit moves over to the Scottish welfare system. READ MORE: Almost half a million Britons missing out Carer's Allowance worth £292 each month PIP is the benefit that’s gradually replacing DLA for people aged 16 or older. If someone was born before April 9, 1948, they can't move to PIP - they can keep getting and renewing your DLA. For everyone else aged 16 and over, at some point they’ll need to claim PIP instead of DLA - even if they have a ‘lifetime’ or ‘indefinite’ award for DLA. The DWP expects this to happen in the next few years. Someone's DLA will end when the DWP sends a letter asking them to claim PIP instead. The DWP will automatically send a letter when any of the following happen: Even if none of these happen, at some point the DWP will send a letter to everyone aged 16 or over who was born on or after April 9, 1948. The DWP expects this to happen in the next few years. PIP is a disability benefit paid by the DWP to anyone under state pension age who has trouble carrying out certain tasks. PIP is a disability benefit paid by the DWP to anyone under state pension age who has trouble carrying out certain tasks. Tasks include things like washing, dressing and making decisions about money. If the DWP sends a letter asking a person to claim PIP, they should start their claim within four weeks. To qualify they must have been diagnosed with a long-term illness, disability or mental health condition. How much someone receives depends on the intensity of their condition and how it affects their ability to carry out everyday tasks. Britons could receive up to £152 per week to help them meet additional costs associated with having a disability.