Meghan Markle’s wedding dress from 2018 still remains her most popular outfit of all time. In June 2018, the Duchess of Sussex embarked on her first solo outing with the Queen without Prince Harry. She wore a gorgeous Givenchy elegant cream belted dress and pearl earrings.   How did Meghan pay tribute to Her Majesty through her style? Daena Borrowman, the marketing manager at jewellerybox spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to discuss Meghan’s outfit. Daena said: “Meghan paid a touching tribute to the Queen on the day. “She chose to wear a dainty pair of pearl and diamond drop earrings that happen to be one of her grandmother-in-law's very first gifts to her.” The ensemble went on to become one of Meghan’s most influential outfits, according to a fashion expert. The Duchess wore the £14,171 dress in June 2018 when she visited Cheshire alongside the Queen. The royal duo opened the Mersey Gateway Bridge and Chester’s Storyhouse Theatre during their first royal engagement together. This was also Meghan’s first royal engagement without her newly-wed husband Harry.  Pictures of Meghan in the dress posted on the Royal Family’s Instagram account amassed almost 200,000 likes. Daena said: “For someone who has lived most of her life in the spotlight, Meghan is well aware of looks that photograph well. “Her personal fashion formula involves tailored, elegant and minimalist outfits, with sleek heels and dainty jewellery. “In fact, not much has changed about Meghan’s style between her pre and post royal days.  “Photographs dating back to 2006 prove that she has always fancied a well-cut dress in a powerful silhouette,” the expert noted. She continued: “For her very first engagement with the Queen, Meghan wore a Givenchy wool cape sheath dress with a detachable capelet. “This was not her first time wearing Givenchy. “The French fashion house happens to be the brains behind her unforgettable wedding dress.  “The Duchess is a massive advocate of female-led causes. “She frequently wears Givenchy as a show of support to the British born visionary Claire Waight Keller. “Keller also happens to be the first female artistic director of Givenchy.” 