The number of properties selling for more than £500,000 now makes up almost a fifth (17 percent) of all property sales in England and Wales. Inheritance Tax (IHT) is paid on anything above £325,000, meaning it’s no longer just the wealthy who need to plan ahead. IHT costs Britons billions of pounds every year and with house prices continuing to rise, even more people may have to  pay a tax bill to HMRC during the next couple of years. Stephen Lowe, group communications director at retirement specialist Just Group, said the average home is now worth more than £350,000 which could push many estates over the IHT threshold. He said: “IHT receipts rose in 2021, partly due to higher death rates during the pandemic but gains in house prices approaching 10 percent a year will also push more estates above the exempt thresholds. “Across the country, IHT is paid on about one in 25 estates but the numbers of estates paying the tax is higher where home prices are higher, most obviously in London and the South East.” READ MORE: Review your tax code’ Britons could end up paying more tax to HMRC Inheritance tax (IHT) of 40 percent is usually paid when a person’s estate is worth over £325,000, but there are some exceptions. A residence nil-rate band was introduced in 2017 which allows a further £175,000, providing residential property is left to direct descendants. However, the number of properties selling for more than £500,000 is increasing every year. These properties accounted for almost a fifth (17 percent) of all sales in England and Wales in 2021, compared to 11 percent just two years earlier. DON'T MISS:Claim these 7 State Pension top-ups now - see if you're entitled [UPDATE]Man, 77, issues warning after being targeted for £6,000 in scam call [WARNING]Attendance Allowance to be replaced with new DWP benefit [ALERT]  Mr Lowe explained: “Property can be tricky when it comes to estate planning because it is providing a place to live and is often a sentimental as much as a financial asset. “It is also illiquid in the sense you can’t trade or gift part of a property as easily as cash or other investments. “Professional, regulated advice can help people across the UK work out how their property may impact their estate planning and consider how the wealth tied up in bricks and mortar can help people meet their goals in later life, whether that is to use that wealth to boost consumption in retirement or to bequeath it in a tax-efficient manner.” Planning ahead is often the only way to make savings when it comes to IHT, but there are some key things people can do to pay less. Typically, there are 10 legal loopholes people can follow to pay less taxes to HMRC. These include spending it while still alive and considering putting the family house into trust. Britons can also make use of annual gifting allowances which could save them thousands of pounds. Although a parent can give at least £3,000 to family members and friends tax free in one year, this could be extended to £11,000 if they carry an allowance over from a previous year or the giftee is getting married. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea 10 ways to pay less inheritance tax: