TEAM NEWS Liverpool XI: Alisson, Alexander-Arnold, Konate, van Dijk,Robertson, Henderson, Fabinho, Thiago, Salah, Mane, Diaz Villarreal XI: Rulli, Foyth, Albiol, Torres, Estupinan, Chukwueze,Parejo, Capoue, Coquelin, Lo Celso, Danjuma Liverpool are taking on Villarreal at Anfield tonight in the first leg of the side's Champions League semi-final match-up. The big game will be broadcast live exclusively on BT Sport 2, with coverage beginning at 7pm ahead of kick-off at 8pm. If you want to watch every kick of the ball in the Liverpool vs Villarreal game you can grab a BT Sport Monthly Pass which offers contract-free viewing for every single BT Sport channel. Both semi-finals in the Champions League this season see an English side squarring off against a La Liga team. Which means there's a prospect of an all English or all Spanish final in this year's Champions League competition. Last night Manchester City and Real Madrid played out a jaw-dropping game which Pep Guardiola's side won 4-3. Guardiola's team is in the running for a European double, while Jurgen Klopp's team could secure a historic and stunning quadruple this season.  BT Sport has all the action live from Anfield tonight. The Liverpool vs Villarreal match will be broadcast on BT Sport 2. Pre-match build-up begins at 7pm with kick-off at 8pm. BT TV subscribers can also watch all the action beamed to tablets and smartphones via the BT app which is available for both Android and iOS devices. It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use BT due to geo-location restrictions. If you have a BT TV subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). If you're not currently a BT TV customer but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a BT Sport Monthly Pass. This runs for 30 days and gives you access to all BT Sport channels for £25. The BT Sport Monthly Pass is contract-free and will let you watch BT Sport 1, BT Sport 2, BT Sport 3, BT Sport ESPN and Box Nation on a wide variety of devices. You can access the BT Sport Monthly Pass on smart TVs, laptops, mobile devices, desktops, tablets and consoles. 