Erik ten Hag may be about to replace Ralf Rangnick as Manchester United manager, but that hasn't stopped the German from helping out ahead of next season. Rangnick has revealed transfer plans to help give the Dutchman a 'new squad'. Manchester United interim boss Ralf Rangnick has outlined plans to assist incoming manager Erik ten Hag with a 'new squad', as the Dutchman looks to bring success back to the club. Rangnick's spell in charge of United will end on June 1, and he will be replaced by current Ajax boss Ten Hag. But reports on Thursday have suggested that the German will still remain at the club as a senior consultant. A role higher-up was discussed when Rangnick was appointed last year, but talks had gone quiet following a poor run of form. However, Rangnick will remain at the club in a different role, and has outlined future plans to help Ten Hag with 'a new squad'.  Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings Speaking to Sky Sports on Thursday, Rangnick said: "I've been talking to the board quite regularly in the past, exchanging our impressions about the current situation. But for me it's important that together with Erik [Ten Hag], together with the scouting department, we can build a new squad, a new group. "A new group of players with quality and mentality, and then Erik with his coaching staff will be a lot better. Then they can lead this club into areas and where it should be. Then the supporters will want to see Manchester United." But the German confirmed that he is yet to speak to Ten Hag, as the Dutchman is committed to finishing the season with Ajax out of respect. Rangnick added: "So far I haven't been able to speak to Erik because his focus is on Ajax and my focus is on here.  DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explainedAntony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possibleMan Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag  "But I suppose, if he would like to have then we can in the next couple of weeks or at the latest when the season has finished. I'm definitely think it would make sense but then again it will be Erik's choice if he chooses to go with my opinion or not. Whether he listens to how I would assess the situation." It's since been revealed that Ten Hag will very much be listening to Rangnick's opinion, as the German will reportedly remain at the club until 2024 as a consultant. His short-term future at United has been confirmed, but it seems as though Rangnick is set to remain a busy man elsewhere too. According to Sky Sports, Rangnick has agreed a deal to become the manager of the Austrian national team, although this will not affect his duty at United. Although just as important, his consultancy role is not as hands on as being United boss, and national team managers also have more freedom outside of tournaments.  Therefore, Rangnick will take on both roles, and it may even lead to an influx of Austrian talent at United if Ten Hag takes notice of the German's tips while on international duty. But for now, Ten Hag is focusing on his job at Ajax, and is excited to get going at United next season. Following the official announcement of Ten Hag, the Dutchman said: "It is a great honour to be appointed manager of Manchester United and I am hugely excited by the challenge ahead. "I know the history of this great club and the passion of the fans. And I am absolutely determined to develop a team capable of delivering the success they deserve.  "It will be difficult to leave Ajax after these incredible years, and I can assure our fans of my complete commitment and focus on bringing this season to a successful conclusion before I move to Manchester United." And Rangnick is confident that Ten Hag's arrival will improve United, as he said: “We don't know each other in person, we haven't met in person yet. But, from what I have seen him doing, both at Bayern Munich when he was the Under-23 coach and at Ajax now, I like his football. "I'm pretty positive with a full pre-season, with having the chance to build and mould his own staff, also a new team, which is obvious, we will have a new team. With a full pre-season, I am pretty sure that we will see a different team and improvement on the pitch." 