Matt Tebbutt is a regular sight for weekend TV viewers as he hosts his BBC show Saturday Kitchen. Entertaining guests on the show, he splits his time between preparing food and interviewing his visitors for the episode. The cooking star has opened up about how he likes to spend his downtime and braves the outdoors no matter the weather.  Taking over the reins from James Martin in 2016, Matt has been inspiring the nation with his dishes for six years. However, he has revealed that despite all the time he spends inside and in the kitchen, he likes to get out as soon as he can. Speaking exclusively with Express.co.uk, he said: "I live in Wales in Momshere, and I walk a lot. "So I try to go out every day for a good sort of 10 miles or so around the hills." Read More: Ozark season 4 theory: Sam to attack Wendy as fans work out major trailer clue Opening up while cooking at the Ideal Home Show, he continued: "It doesn't matter whether it's raining or the sun's out, the weather can be atrocious. "I just love getting out and walking and switching my phone off, I don't take it with me." He quickly corrected himself: "Sometimes I take it with me because I like to walk and try and get lost. "Sometimes you do, and you need your map to try and find your way back. "I just like escaping, basically." His weekend show has a loyal social media following, with fans often tweeting about the dishes and the exchanges between him and the BBC Breakfast team. Talking about their banter during the show's handover with BBC Breakfast's Naga Munchetty, he said: "That's her style of humour, I love it, I really do. "Sometimes I think people can think 'Oh my god, what are they doing?' DON’T MISS…Which The Last Kingdom characters are based on real people? [LATEST]‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show [LATEST]Derry Girls writer claims Brexiteers 'didn't know what they were voting for' [LATEST] "Because they can look like they are having a 'go at each other'. "But I like that, she likes that, and that's why it works so well. She is fab." He went on to add: "She's got this particular form of banter - I love her sort of sharp tone. "I love that she doesn't take any c**p, basically."  His loyal following is also quick to call out the cook if he is absent from the show, like earlier this year. Matt was rushed to hospital in January and recently spoke to Express.co.uk about how he is doing post keyhole surgery. He said: "Oh god, it was a bit of a scare, but luckily, I got away with just having keyhole surgery. "I'm feeling fine now and pretty much back to normal, thanks to all the wonderful staff at The Grange hospital in Newport." The Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest, the world's longest-running home and interiors exhibition, will return to Olympia London next spring from March 17 to April 2, 2023. For more information and tickets, please visit idealhomeshow.co.uk. Saturday Kitchen airs on BBC One on Saturdays . 