Lewis Hamilton has never hidden his admiration for Arsenal. However, the F1 star is now reportedly ready to pledge £10m to Sir Martin Broughton’s campaign to buy Chelsea. And that’s despite his strong connection to the Blues’ fiercest rivals. According to Sky News, Hamilton and tennis star Serena Williams are both ready to throw their money behind Broughton’s bid to buy Chelsea. The former Liverpool FC And British Airways chairman is keen to take on the Blues after current owner Roman Abramovich put the club on the market last month. Hamilton and Williams are both willing to spend £10m each on backing Broghton, who isn’t the only interested party. And that’s despite the Mercedes star actually being an Arsenal fan, something he’s spoken openly about in the past. On his left ring finger, Hamilton has the club’s initials inscribed. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz He showed this, as well as other hand tattoos, off recently in a since-deleted Instagram post. Hamilton also has ink of a UFO abducting somebody, an Illuminati eye and a tiger on his hands. And he’s previously revealed he started supporting Arsenal from the age of five, with the Gunners relatively close to his home town of Stevenage. “I grew to love the team with Ian Wright, obviously at the time,” Hamilton told Sky Sports when quizzed on his love of football. He also added: “I wasn’t bad at football when I was a kid, mainly because I was so energetic. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I played centre midfield and I would do the work with attack and defence so I was running twice the amount of yardage.” In 2020, Hamilton admitted he was eager to see Arsenal bring the glory days back to the Emirates Stadium under Mikel Arteta. “I am hoping for the strongest season for sure, for the team who work so hard,” he said. “I think we have a strong team, I am really hopeful of some good successes from them. “I have been watching Arsenal play for a long time, being with them through the highs and lows. “If I can’t keep up with the game, then my best friend will call me every day, to give me all the updates.” And Hamilton paid tribute to Arsene Wenger when it was announced he’d be leaving the club four years ago. "I have always had great admiration for Arsene," the Mercedes star said at the time. "For anyone to have commitment to a team and the loyalty which he has shown through all the ups and downs, through outside individuals saying positives and negatives, but to stay true to your values and continue to strive for what you believe in I think has really been awesome. "Whilst the team has not always been the most successful, I really hope that he feels great about his time. "I've had the privilege of meeting him a couple of times. “He asked me to go and train with the team, which I have not managed to do yet, but he was always really welcoming and it was cool to meet 'our team's' boss. I've supported Arsenal since I was five. "I want to wish him all the best. “I think his future is as bright as he wants it to be so I hope he takes the positivity out of all the great experiences he's had."