Disagreements surrounding the definition of a woman have been plaguing politicians in recent times with the Labour Party giving muddled nondescript answers and SNP Minister Lorna Slater enraging feminists by comparing them to antisemites and racists for voicing their concerns over women’s rights. Sir Keir Starmer gave poor responses to Nick Ferrari on LBC Radio who asked if “a woman can have a penis” by stating: “I’m not…I don’t think we can conduct this debate with…I don’t think that discussing this issue in this way helps anyone in the long run.” Last month, Labour MP Rosie Duffield issued a warning to her party about pinning down this issue as she celebrated Boris Johnson’s clear response to the question saying on ITV’s Peston: “He nailed it.”  The Prime Minister highlighted the sensitivity of the issue and the need for respect for transgender people but stated: “When it comes to distinguishing between a man and a woman, the basic facts of biology remain overwhelmingly important.” On Tuesday, the leader of the opposition altered his response, most likely due to backlash saying: “I think for 99.9 percent of women biology matters and of course that is what defines them…it is plain common sense, and I don’t quarrel with that, but I don’t want to leave out of account the smaller group of people who really do struggle with their gender identity.” Women’s Rights Network founder Heather Binning spoke to Express.co.uk about the ‘Respect my Sex if you want my X’ campaign launched by Women Uniting, a cross-party group, to demand answers from politicians on their views on protecting women’s sex-based rights. The campaign is working to empower women who have been “vilified for speaking the truth” and called Trans-exclusionary radical feminists (TERF’s) for attempting to protect women’s spaces and other sex-based rights. On the insults that have been thrown at feminists, Ms Binning credited the successful tactics employed “to demonise” feminists and added that they are defending the “status quo [which is] is not perfect by any means, but we are … and so the incomer, the new radical thing, is this ideology so how does this ideology take root?”  She continued: “By describing the people defending the status quo as being the radical ones and so actually what we’ve been living with for the past 10 or 20 years that’s radical? “That’s not radical… but it’s about labelling any opposition as bad, that’s the tactics and it’s been very successful.” These tactics have even proved effective with politicians as Ms Binning said: “I do not believe for one minute that Slater in Scotland or Keir Starmer know that what they are saying is the truth. “These people are intelligent people. They know what the truth is here, and it’s all about pandering to what they think are the strongest and loudest voices in this. READ MORE: Appliances to switch off before going on holiday - unplug toasters  “Today this is from people who don’t promote women’s rights.” She added: “There has been this huge threat on people to toe the line here and it's exactly the same I see has happened to politicians…I feel that personally they’ve been bullied into it, much like women have been bullied into silence.” Ms Binning believes that Keir Starmer has “started the rollback from Labour because they’ve clearly got the message that they’re on the wrong side of this and it’s not going to help them in the long run”. She added: “They’re losing votes because of it. “The Conservatives are holding the line for us at the moment but it’s still very tenuous, it’s not guaranteed that the Conservatives will be able to hold this back.” DON'T MISS: Rishi has rug pulled from under him as Tories abandon chancellor -POLL (POLL)Simon Calder outlines travel nightmares that face travellers in Easter (INSIGHT)Lewis Hamilton 'waiting for a Brazilian passport' (REVEAL) With Women’s Uniting being a cross-party group, the lack of affiliation means that no politicians escape the message of the women and that all must be concerned that they will lose votes over their stance on the issue, the group stated. Ms Binning warned politicians: “You just need to start speaking the truth. “If you correct it now, we will stop punishing you if you get your head together now and keep going.” The Women’s Rights Network has been a haven for women to speak to like-minded people about their concerns for women’s rights and Ms Binning warned about “hundreds of women who are not able to use their own names” who are “hiding”. She continued: “That is a dreadful thing for society to be in – for people to be afraid to speak basic truth, basic fact.  “Too often sentences begin with women’s rights and end with transphobia.” The topic of transgender rights and female rights have been plaguing social media for years and climaxed with the ‘cancelling’ of JK Rowling and others such as university professors for their comments. The debate has now gradually moved into the more mainstream arena of politics which is hoped to be more of a safe space for a more nuanced discussion on the issue, though the comments of Lorna Slater have put this into question. Ms Binning declared that politics has to be a safe space: “It must. It absolutely must and this is where it should have started, it should not have gone to the place where women have been vilified for speaking the truth. “This dividing line that has come down saying ‘on this side you’re bad and on that side you’re good’ is not the way that a civil society should be existing.   “It started with the independence vote in Scotland. There was for and against there was no other way and that caused huge divisions, same with Trump in America, huge divisions, and Brexit – why can you not have more nuanced politics? “Come back nuanced politics!” The entrance of these issues into the mainstream is offering hope to campaigners and feminists like Ms Binning who have called the equation of women’s rights to transphobia as “insulting and appalling” that we are hopefully getting “to the stage now where the two are decoupling in public consciousness”. The Respect My Sex campaigners called the campaign the “largest grassroots political movement since the Suffragettes” with Ms Binning adding, “because women are putting other issues aside to get this”. She continued: “Let’s get through this battle and then we can start having arguments again about do we allow transexuals in the bathroom?”  The language and arguments within these debates is not commonly known and can alienate many people who are less involved in the argument and Ms Binning credits the campaign for getting women talking to each other and to the wider public. She stated that the public “may not be entirely okay with all the details of this, but for goodness sake when you talk about a male bodied police officer who identifies as a woman, the language is confusing for the average person, but if you say fully functioning male-bodied person strip searching a woman, that gets home they know what that means”. The campaign has gained impressive traction in the past two weeks since its launch which has seen 2,000 new subscribers in two weeks for emails from the website. Ms Binning described the next move by the group as “a vision of the women parading down Whitehall with big banners made at home like the suffragettes because we’re absolutely not stopping”.   The organisation has already set its sights beyond the local elections, with Ms Binning warning politicians: “I’m looking forward to the general election very much” and noted that “there is a lot of work to do in terms of unpicking what has been allowed to happen”. She concluded: “This is about defending truth and science and at the moment we are saying the campaign is to defend our rights, but actually at its core it’s defending truth. “The worry is, of course, if we lose this battle what is the next thing that we will have to defend? Will we have to defend that the sun is hot? “I feel this is for voices for women. Let’s get our voices heard again.” 