Rumours of their invite to the balcony of Buckingham Palace for the iconic Royal Family photograph have circled despite reports that the Duke and Duchess would not be allowed to take part in major royal events after they exited the Firm in 2020. GB News host Dan Wootton asked the royal author about the reported fear from the Sussexes that they may get booed by the public as they attend the Platinum Jubilee event.  Lady C remarked: “That would be one of the few evidences of realism that they have shown in the recent past, with due respect, because I think there is a very good chance that they’d be booed.” A spokesperson from Buckingham Palace has stated that they could not comment on the reports that the Queen extended an invite to the couple for the Jubilee. Commenting on the historical nature of the Platinum Jubilee to honour the Monarch’s 70 years on the throne as the longest reigning monarch in British history, Lady C warned that the presence of the Sussexes would overshadow the day.  The author also noted that the scale of this occasion does not warrant the attendance of two family members who clearly cut royal ties and in doing so, forfeited the right to be at such events. Lady Colin Campbell stated: “This is not only going to be a family affair, this is actually a state occasion and let us remember we are not celebrating Granny’s 96th birthday for the Jubilee, we are celebrating the Queen’s accession to the throne. “I have concerns about Harry and Meghan appearing not only because of the reception they get, not only because they manage to suck all the oxygen out of the room and turn it into a Harry and Meghan dog and pony show… but also because the fact of the matter is, the British public don’t want them.” READ MORE: Helen Skelton announces heartbreaking split from husband Richie Myler Prince Harry has talked about his secret visit to his grandmother after he had security fears about visiting the UK. A royal insider told the Daily Mail: “Harry was fairly pleased with the way the operation worked and the liaison between his security team and the Metropolitan Police. “He believes it means a workable solution can be found, allowing him to come over with his children as early as the Platinum Jubilee.” Despite the Queen being eager to meet Harry’s daughter, her namesake, Lilibet, and to see Archie once more, Lady C argued that the wishes of the British people should be considered by the Palace. DON'T MISS: POLL: Does Brexit mean we're finally in control of our borders? (POLL)Putin’s terrifying 'super-weapon' exposed as world holds breath (INSIGHT)How to save money: Cut Tesco food shop to just £13 a week (REVEAL) She stated: “I have received tens of thousands of communications from the public saying they don’t want Harry and Meghan to be on that balcony because they resent the fact that Harry and Meghan abused them, the British people, by lying and saying the British people were racist and that the British people didn’t welcome her. “I think the Palace needs to consider that aspect as well and I think just because you love somebody who misbehaves doesn’t mean that you have to accept and tolerate and condone bad behaviour.” She concluded: “You can love the criminal and hate the crime.” 