Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has insisted that he remains on good terms with Antonio Rudiger in spite of the latter's decision to leave the club upon the expiry of his contract at the end of the season. Rudiger is widely expected to join Real Madrid on a free transfer ahead of the new campaign, with the Spanish giants said to be closing in on a lucrative four-year deal to bring him to the Bernabeu. Chelsea tried to extend Rudiger's stay at Stamford Bridge but failed to reach an agreement with the German defender before their ability to tie down their existing stars was hampered when Roman Abramovich was sanctioned by the UK government last month. Tuchel has since revealed that he was not angered by Rudiger's decision to leave the Blues and expressed his gratitude that he was personally informed by the player himself."When Toni knocks at your door one hour before training, it’s not a good sign," said the Chelsea boss. "Normally he doesn’t knock, he just grabs you in between and tells you something, so everybody thought this is not looking good."Then we had this brief conversation. First of all, I appreciated that he came and told me. I was one of the first and that shows me we have a relationship where we handle things directly and honestly and are not afraid to tell each other what we think. JUST IN: Wayne Rooney ‘tempted’ by Burnley job after snubbing Man Utd role "Toni is not the guy you need to take out to 10 dinners and 12 coffees to talk him into something. He has strong opinions, which is part of his personality, he demands clarity and honesty but it’s very low maintenance with him."I was disappointed but not on a personal level. It’s his right to figure out what opportunities he had and it’s his right to change clubs."I did not like it and he knows that we did not like it but we had big players with injuries before for many weeks or months and life does not stop. I would have liked him to stay. "He would have been a key figure but still these things happen. We are on good terms and now he needs to finish on the same level."Rudiger has established himself as one of Chelsea's most important assets over the last few years but will soon walk away from Stamford Bridge in order to take on a fresh challenge elsewhere ahead of next season. It has recently been claimed by The Telegraph that Rudiger turned down the offer of a £200,000 weekly salary at Chelsea in order to hold out for an even bigger wage and a signing-on fee in excess of £10million.It remains to be seen whether Real Madrid will be able to snap him up over the coming weeks after emerging as the clear frontrunners in the race to secure his signature. The likes of Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain have also been linked with Rudiger over the last few months, though, and could decide to join the hunt for his services between now and the start of next season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here