"Enquiries being carried out inside and outside premises to establish circumstances. "Students and staff at school remain inside building as precaution at this time. Further updates to follow." A message from the school to parents, which has been seen by SurreyLive, reassured the worried family members that students are safe. The message warned parents not to come to the school "at the request of the police". "There is a large police presence who are advising us in our actions. "Please do not come to the school at the request of the police. "We will update you as soon as the situation changes." READ MORE: Ian Blackford brazenly uses Brexit to call for independence referendum The report has not been confirmed. Surrey Police said they were called out after the school received a “suspicious phone call”. The department stressed: “Contrary to speculation on social media, we have not recovered any weapons at the scene.” DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] In a message posted on social media, the police said: “Uniformed and armed officers are continuing to carry out enquiries both inside and outside the premises to establish the circumstances of the incident. “We are working with the school as part of these enquiries.” In a later update, at around 4.4pm, Surrey Police reported the majority of staff and pupils had been able to leave the school’s premises, but no arrests had been made. It said: “Officers are continuing to search the school premises and enquires remain ongoing.” Just after 5pm, it added: “Officers have completed searches polling [a] suspicious phone call to Esher C of E High School… “Nothing of any concern has been found and no arrests [have been] made at this time. “Thanks to staff, students and parents for their cooperation and patience”. It added enquiries were still “ongoing”.