Drivers are being warned that some of the most popular electric cars on the market are attracting so much attention, they may be waiting until late 2023 for delivery. Demand for electric cars in the UK has surged in recent years, with one in five cars registered in February being fully electric. Despite this, the global shortage of semiconductors has forced carmakers to slow down production of new vehicles, causing long delays. Popular models like Tesla’s Model S or X have a waiting time which could last until late 2023, while the Porsche Taycan has a waiting time of anywhere between six and 18 months. Ginny Buckley, Founder and CEO of Electrifying.com, said a “perfect storm” was to blame for the delays in delivery. She said: “While the surge in demand for electric cars is welcome news, it’s led to delays for many drivers who are keen to make the switch immediately, maybe because their current lease is coming to an end, or they are keen to cash in on the current boom in used car prices. READ MORE: Highway Code rule may help drivers save £150 a year on fuel costs “Cars like the VW ID.3 which were freely available 12 months ago now have waiting times of more than a year. “This is down to a perfect storm of increased demand, coupled with a shortage of vital components caused by global events.” Elon Musk announced earlier this week that Tesla had delivered a record number of cars in the first quarter, despite the numerous supply chain issues. More than 310,000 vehicles were delivered worldwide in the first three months of this year, almost 70 percent higher than for the same time last year. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis gives desperate drivers fuel saving tips [INSIGHT]Smartphone app that allows the public to shop speeding drivers [WARNING]How much your car tax has gone up [SHOCKING] Drivers could face further delays with other models including a six month wait for the BMW i4 and at least 12 months for comparatively humble models like the Volkswagen ID.3. Ginny Buckley added: “But if you can be flexible with your choice then there are some cars which are available within weeks rather than months, including popular models like the Tesla Model 3. “It’s also worth checking at your dealership to see if there’s a brand-new car in stock, rather than a factory order. “It may not be the exact version you’re looking for, but if you’re willing to compromise on the finishing touches like its colour and wheels, you might be able to get hold of a car in a few days, rather than a few months.” The Jaguar iPace, Lexus UX300e, Peugeot e208 and the Hyundai IONIQ5 all have relatively shorter waiting times of just four to six months. There are, however, a number of electric cars which are available immediately, with models across most popular carmakers. Drivers can skip the waiting times and get their hands on the Vauxhall Corsa-e and Mokka-e, Kia e-Niro, BMW i3 and the Nissan Leaf immediately. According to the Electric Car Count by New AutoMotive, Jaguar has been the second quickest brand to electrify. Around 35 percent of their new vehicles sold in March 2022 were electric, compared to just 12 percent last year. The Britain-based marque is closing in on Porsche which holds the lead over market share, which only increased its EV sales by one percent this past year to a total of 36 percent. Many are also calling on the Government to invest more heavily into British manufacturing to help eliminate costs and significant delay times. Ciara Cook, Research & Policy Officer at New AutoMotive, said: “Our latest car sales data shows that Brits are continuing to make the switch – electric car sales have doubled in the last year and is the fastest growing segment in the market. “Although it’s encouraging to see that diesel sales have halved in the past year, data shows that just under 19,000 were registered in March. “This means these cars will be polluting the road for another 14 years before they’re scrapped. “We need the Government to implement an ambitious Zero Emissions Vehicle mandate that will prioritise UK-based manufacturing, this will reduce upfront costs and increase the variety of models available to drivers." The Government is set to ban the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles from 2030, with a similar ban on hybrids coming in 2035.