Jenni Falconer’s unpredictable and exhilarating career started as the co-host of Entertainment Today on GMTV in 2000. She swiftly adapted to getting up very early, as she had to be on the set of the show at 4 am, meaning the alarm would go off every day at 2.30 am. "I pretty much walked around in a trance, hoping I wouldn't fall asleep at the dinner table or on the tube home, which happened at least once a week," she says. After eight years of working unsociable hours at GMTV, she had a break when she began appearing regularly on the ITV daytime show This Morning as a travel reporter, which "felt like a lie-in". In 2013 she started working again at 4 am on Heart as a morning radio presenter. Jenni Falconer, 46, is married to actor James Midgley and they are parents to daughter Ella, born in 2011. Balancing family with her work as a morning presenter has certainly not been easy for her. At times, she and James became "like ships passing in the night". "Sometimes he'd only get into bed an hour before I had to wake up for work," she says. Over the years she has become a pro at coping without eight hours of sleep. "It's really challenging but I've learned to make up for the lack of sleep in other ways", she says. Daily physical exercise has been key to getting enough sleep. "I don't think it's healthy working those hours for a long stretch of time and not seeing the daylight," she says. "So no matter how hard it is, I always find time to exercise. I started running home, which helped me to re-energise, got me some vitamin D and kept me fit." "B12 is especially good for making you feel energised," she says. Four million people in the UK work shifts, especially those working in Healthcare, Security, Hospitality, and Transport. Working shifts can have benefits such as more flexible working hours, quieter periods or better pay. However, night shifts can also mean less transport availability, sleep problems and disruptions to family life. According to the World Health Organisation, night work increases the risk of cancer, heart disease and diabetes. Some studies also suggest that there is an increased risk of depression for shift workers, partly because of a lack of social interaction. "Keeping your mind active and playing a social sport like golf is so beneficial," says Jenni. "When you work these hours, you make sacrifices but it's amazing the difference exercise and nutrition can make." Sleep researcher Dr Neil Stanley, for Piglet in Bed, shares his tips: Try to get some sunlight: We have evolved to sleep during the night and be awake during the day, but this can be tricky for shift workers. If you can, get some sun exposure during the day to help regulate your sleep/wake cycle. Block out sounds: If noise disturbs you when trying to sleep then consider wearing earplugs. Some people also find that the drone of an electric fan or relaxing music can be helpful in masking other, more disruptive sounds. Listen to pink noise: This is better than white noise as it doesn’t contain as many high-frequency sounds, making it more relaxing. Examples include waves crashing on the beach and rain. Consider separate beds: In 2005 I co-authored a paper that showed that much of your sleep disturbance is caused by your bed partner. If they are disturbing your sleep because of different working patterns and bedtimes, you may want to consider separate beds or even separate bedrooms. Not sleeping in the same room is a mature, pragmatic solution to a problem and has no bearing on the strength of your relationship.