Prince Harry has left the "sword of Damocles" hanging over the rest of the Royal Family, Tina Brown has argued. The royal author was invited to talk about the Duke's upcoming tell-all autobiography during a recent US media appearance. Ms Brown told the Washington Post via live stream: "Harry's announcement that he's also going to do a tell-all memoir coming out this September was just a huge issue for the whole family. "It's like they have it now hanging over them like the sword of Damocles that come the Fall they're going to get another boatload of flack from inside their own family. "Just at a point when the monarch is very fragile with the Queen on a glide path to the end of her life. "So there's a lot of anger about that." Harry was absent when the royal family gathered in remembrance of Philip in March, but travelled with Meghan to see his grandmother the Queen for the first time in two years this month on his way to the Invictus Games in The Hague. In a later interview with NBC's Today, Harry appeared to issue a veiled warning to those closest to the Queen saying he wanted to make sure she was "protected" and had "the right people around her". The duke did not elaborate on whether he was referring to royal aides or members of his own family, but his comments are likely to have deepened the rift with his father the Prince of Wales and his brother and perplexed palace officials. He side-stepped co-presenter Hoda Kotb's question if he missed his father or brother, and instead said: "For me at the moment I'm here focused on these guys and giving everything I can 120 percent to them to make sure they have the experience of a lifetime." On the back of his comments, royal historian Hugo Vickers has argued for Harry not to attend celebrations to mark his grandmother the Queen's 70 years on the British throne. Mr Vickers told ITV's The Royal Rota podcast: "There are other forces working on Prince Harry I mean he's got contracts with publishers, he's got Netflix deals, he had a Netflix crew following him around and he has a wife. "I think all these people are controlling him in a different sort of way." Referring to Prince Harry's recent interview with a US TV outlet, he said: "American interviewers are very aggressive and they want answers to these things. DON'T MISS Queen Letizia of Spain's 'doll' look divides fans - 'A big no' [INSIGHT] Prince Charles makes Ukraine appeal in heartfelt moment on BBC visit [REPORT] Dr Shola savaged after claiming royal Caribbean tour ‘failed’ [REVEAL] "Presumably, he went along to talk about the Invictus Games and of course, he got the inevitable questions, which is why actually, I would rather hope that he doesn't come to the Jubilee. "Because I can see that whole of the media will be speculating as to whether he's getting on with his brother or his father or how he looks at his grandmother and so forth. "He would do best to stay away." "It would be the best present he could possibly give her and us," continued Mr Vickers.