Christine Quinn, Mary Fitzgerald, Chrishell Stause and the rest of the Oppenheim Group will be making a hasty return to Netflix soon as the Selling Sunset cast gets back together for the show’s first-ever reunion special. After 10 new episodes dropped on the streaming service on April 22, fans by now have binged through each instalment to see a handful of farewells, a wedding, romantic splits, plenty of tears, and, of course, several arguments - mainly centred around Christine. But in another attempt to clear the air, the Oppenheim Group agents will get together for a one-off event to go over the scenes which unfolded in season five. As per Entertainment Tonight, the undoubtedly fiery scenes have already been filmed. Queer Eye star Tan France will reportedly be on hand to mediate the reunion special when it arrives on Netflix. And Selling Sunset fans don’t have long to wait either as the streaming service has already given the one-off episode a release date - and it’s right around the corner. READ MORE: Emma Hernan suffers wardrobe mishap in front of Selling Sunset cast The reunion will arrive on Netflix on Friday, May 6 - exactly two weeks after season five became available worldwide. Sadly, Netflix is yet to release a synopsis for the episode so fans are slightly in the dark as to what to expect. However, star Emma Hernan has spoken out on what could be on its way. She said to ET Online: “A lot of the things that people are upset about involve press. “I think that the reunion will be a really good place to address a lot of the issues, and hopefully, we have some positive things to talk about, too. “But maybe it will mend friendships and make things better. You never know.” There are a number of unanswered questions the reunion will undoubtedly address given the explosive season five finale, including the aftermath of Jason Oppenheim and Chrishell’s split. After embarking on an unlikely romance early on in season five and despite their love for one another, they decided to call it quits over a disagreement about having children. DON'T MISS:Selling Sunset’s Jason Oppenheim ‘faked’ call as fans spot blunderSelling Sunset's Maya Vander announces exit in heartbreaking scenesChristine Quinn storms out of brokers meeting after Selling Sunset row Chrishell was desperate to be a mother but sadly, Jason made clear he wasn’t quite ready for that kind of commitment. In tearful scenes surrounded by their loved ones, they announced they’d split but there was another twist in the tale when Chrishell admitted she was now contemplating her future at the Oppenheim Group. Will the reunion reveal that Chrishell has left the team once and for all in order to mend her heartache? Elsewhere, there’s the ongoing drama surrounding Christine and her future with the company. Throughout season five - just like the previous four seasons - Christine locked horns with pretty much everyone on the team, apart from newcomer Chelsea Lazkani. However, by the time the finale rolled around in season five, it appeared she’d finally gone one step too far with boss Jason after making derogatory remarks about his relationship with Chrishell. And she didn’t help her cause by failing to appear for a meeting with Jason and Mary to discuss her behaviour, as well as ignoring their phone calls. Fans will undoubtedly be hoping the reunion will be able to confirm once and for all if Christine does indeed have a future at the Oppenheim Group and on the show. Selling Sunset The Reunion airs on Netflix on May 6. Seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix now.