The Home Secretary signed a memorandum with the Rwandan government, the terms of which would see refugees who arrive illegally in the UK shipped to east Africa. The deal, worth £120million, sparked backlash from many MPs and human rights groups, with the Labour Party calling the move "unworkable" and "unethical". Defending the policy, Ms Patel said the scheme would "keep people safe" and allow them to "flourish". She said: "Change is needed because people are dying attempting to come to the UK on illegal and dangerous routes." She added: "This partnership is the type of international cooperation needed to make the global immigration system fairer, keep people safe and give them opportunities to flourish." Last year, the Danish government unveiled a partnership with Rwanda, and in June 2021, the Danish parliament passed a law set to enable the sending of asylum seekers to other locations outside the EU.  The move drew condemnation from the European Commission and the United Nations. Adalbert Jahnz, European Commission spokesperson, said: "External processing of asylum claims raises fundamental questions about both the access to asylum procedures and effective access to protection." He added: "It is not possible under existing EU rules or proposals under the new pact for migration and asylum." However, Denmark is exempt from certain EU rules on immigration and asylum-seeking. READ MORE: Putin SNUBBED by Mariupol commander The Danish Refugee Council, an NGO operating in the country, denounced the passing of asylum seekers to partner countries as "both irresponsible and lacking in solidarity". A Danish government spokesperson said last year: “If you apply for asylum in Denmark, you know that you will be sent back to a country outside Europe, and therefore we hope that people will stop seeking asylum in Denmark. Mattias Tesfaye, Danish Minister for Immigration and Integration, said that although no dotted lines have been signed, Denmark is now looking to emulate the UK’s agreement with Rwanda. The minister backed the move as a way to break the chain of human trafficking, ahead of a parliament meeting next week. DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson LIVE: 'Toxic atmosphere' Tory MP slams PM ahead of vote [LIVE] POLL: Is Boris right to increase Indian immigration for trade deal? [VOTE] EU plot to pull rug from under Le Pen set to ‘backfire’ [REPORT] Mr Tesfaye said in a statement: "A reform of the current asylum system is needed in order to break with the cynical business model of the human smugglers." Mr Tesfaye said separately that any deal struck with Rwanda would "ensure a more dignified approach than the criminal network of human traffickers that characterises migration across the Mediterranean today". A similar message was echoed by Priti Patel, who said the system should be "based on need, not on the ability to pay people smugglers". But while Prime Minister Boris Johnson called the plan the "morally right thing to do", Scotland’s Health Secretary called the UK Government "institutionally racist". Humza Yousaf wrote on Twitter: "UK Govt rightly provides asylum and refuge to Ukrainians fleeing war, but wants to send others seeking asylum thousands of miles away to Rwanda for ‘processing’. "And you still question whether this heartless Tory Govt is institutionally racist?" Justin Welby, the Archbishop of Canterbury, called the deal "the opposite of the nature of God", adding that it raised "serious ethical questions". The UK has previously expressed concern for Rwanda’s track record of investigating human rights abuses. Rita French, the UK’s international ambassador for human rights, said she felt "regret" for Rwanda’s failure to set up "transparent, credible and independent investigations into allegations of human rights violations including deaths in custody and torture". Steve Valdez-Symonds, Amnesty International UK’s refugee and migrant rights director, told Sky News the move would be welcomed by Rwanda for its financial injection. He warned, however: "You've got a system where Rwanda has all the power in the relationship and the UK will continue to pay through the nose in the hope that somehow this is going to deliver some sort of result that politicians here will welcome."