Kim Woodburn, 80, is known for her outspoken personality and career as a professional cleaner. The TV personality has now worried many of her fans as she took to Instagram earlier today to share a picture from her hospital bed. Kim could be seen sitting up in the hospital bed while using a paper bowl as a hat. She captioned the post in view of her 75,500 followers: "My hospital outfit. "Do you like the hat? Home tonight! Yippeee!" (sic) Many social media users rushed to the comments to wish the star well, with the picture causing alarm. READ MORE: Loose Women's Nadia Sawalha strips down to bikini in clip The_best_vacuum_collector said: "Oh lord!! What ever happened? Hope you get well soon." Cattyderry added: "I hope you have a speedy recovery!" Emma_tetlow_96 commented: "Aww Kim, get well soon! You're one strong lady." (sic) Kim is a household name thanks to her cleaning show How Clean is Your House?. She and her co-star Aggie MacKenzie came onto our screens back in 2003 in the hit TV show. In 2017, Kim took part in Celebrity Big Brother, finishing in third place, but made sure to ruffle some feathers while there. During her time on the show, she came to blows with her fellow housemates and was involved in major arguments. One of the most memorable clashes with the other celebrities in the house was when she called them all "chicken livered s***s". Not long after this, Kim had a huge argument with Coleen Nolan on Loose Women in 2018, sparking over 3,000 Ofcom complaints. DON'T MISS... Madonna, 63, issues expletive fan warning after split from boyfriend [INSTAGRAM] Rachel Riley slammed after arguing 'no one should defend Johnny Depp' [OPINION] Brian May, 74, sparks concern in 'poorly' update as he's struck down [HEALTH] Kim appeared on the ITV chat show to confront Coleen after the pair fell out while appearing on Celebrity Big Brother the year before. Kim broke down in tears as she accused Coleen of making her life "hell" and bullying her during their time in the CBB house. She then left the set of Loose Women after she branded Coleen "lying trash" during the almighty row. The CBB star broke her silence months later over the explosive row as she admitted she doesn't know whether she was "conned" into the argument by ITV producers. Coleen then took some time away from Loose Women, before making her return. She told New! magazine at the time: "I was asked to do Loose Women and I didn’t think it would turn out like it did – very hurtful. "I was told that it was a reconciliation on Coleen’s behalf... I don’t know if the producers didn’t tell her, or if they conned both of us to get us on.' "I don’t wish her any harm and I’m sorry she has no job on Loose Women. I can say hand on heart, I didn’t cause it and I hope, in time, she gets back on her feet."