Bradley Walsh was left stunned on Friday's The Chase with a group of contestants' final round after they performed well in their individual sections of the show. Some fans of The Chase blamed the team's questions for their poor result while others furiously hit out at "fix" claims. Rosie was the first contestant to face Shaun 'The Dark Destroyer' Wallace after earning £6,000 in her cash builder but was unable to defeat the Chaser. However, the second player Steve, who admitted he was disappointed to have scored just £2,000, secured his spot in the final by winning the higher offer of £32,000. Kallan and Seb joined Steve in the final by adding £6,000 and £3,000 respectivley to the prize fund. Despite their strong individual performances, the team fell apart in the final and answered seven questions correctly giving them a total score of 10. Read more: The Chase's Mark Labbett left red-faced after Bradley shut-down Bradley commented: "I'll let the silence speak for itself." Comforting the team, Shaun said: "They weren't an easy set [of questions]." The Chaser went on to comfortablly defeat the team. Bradley remarked: "No attempts to pushback, none executed, caught with one minute and 16 seconds remaining. "That ladies and gentlemen sadly is a thrashing. Now I don't know what to say other than we didn't perform well enough on our side. "Loads of gaps and you'll get yourself when you watch it back because you'll go, 'I knew that, I knew that, I knew that.'" The Chase viewers clashed on Twitter over the team's performace. @niall_devlin1 tweeted: "The questions the dark destroyer just got in the final chase we’re so easy compared to the contestants #TheChase seems a bit fishy to me." DON'T MISSBradley Walsh astonished by The Chase player's 'fluked' performance [INSIGHT]The Chase viewers delighted as Darragh Ennis appears [VIDEO]Mark Labbett left with head in hands over Chase player's blunder [VIDEO] @cjcw22 agreed: "The set of questions the team got in the final chase was ridiculous. The Chaser's questions were miles easier #TheChase." However, @MissLionHeart replied: "That, and the fact that Shaun knew all the answers because he did this thing called research! #TheChase." "Easy questions. Which they completely flunked. #thechase," @Andi000211 remarked. @SenorApple2014 wrote: "Yes, Brad, they will indeed kick themselves hard when they see their performance. Like... wow. I'm stunned." "'His questions were easier than the contestants' 'It's a fix' #TheChase," @AnthonyJamesRa2 added alongside a meme with the text: "You guys grow up! All of you!" After the result, Shaun commented: "It wasn't an easy set for them but to be fair that with their questions I only got one wrong." "You only got one wrong out of all of them?" Bradley asked and Shaun agreed. "Which one was that?" Bradley asked and the Chaser quipped: "Who cares?" The Chase airs on ITV on weekdays at 5pm.