Liverpool fans have brutally mocked Manchester United for their lack of silverware in recent years by displaying a cheeky banner at Anfield. The Red Devils had travelled to Merseyside for a Premier League clash, with this being their ninth season since winning the title. In fact, United have failed to win a trophy since lifting the League Cup and the Europa League in 2017. While the Old Trafford side have endured that drought, Liverpool have enjoyed something of a resurgence. They won the Champions League and Premier League in successive seasons and have already won the League Cup this term. They have also reached the final of the FA Cup to keep their bid for a historic quadruple of trophy wins on track. The stark contrast between the fortunes of the two fierce rivals is something that Liverpool fans have taken great delight in. And they opted to mock United at Anfield by holding up a banner that simply stated "Imagine Being Us". READ MORE: Gary Neville rips into Man Utd players as 'waste of space' at Anfield The banner was held up towards the front of the famous Kop stand at Anfield, the end at which United were attacking in the first-half. The United players would barely have got a glimpse at it in the first 45 minutes though. They struggled to mount even a hint of an attack before the break as they were utterly dominated by their hosts. The Reds went in front after just five minutes when dreadful defending from United saw Mohamed Salah cross the ball across the face of goal for Luis Diaz to finish. DON'T MISS: Man Utd's 10 transfer targets after Ralf Rangnick admission (INSIGHT)Ralf Rangnick warns Erik ten Hag about size of Man Utd rebuild (NEWS)Klopp has already told Liverpool how to pip Man City to the title (ANALYSIS) Their lead was doubled with 23 minutes remaining of the half when Salah got himself on the scoresheet. Liverpool knocked the ball around impressively before Salah fired in after being played through by Sadio Mane. The game only served to highlight the total gulf in class between the two sides, with United's hopes of top four place now on life support. And if Tuesday's clash was anything to go by, Red Devils fans' dreams will be the closest they come to seeing their team lifting major trophies again for some time.