The woman spoke on camera about her traumatic ordeal, reflecting the atrocities that Ukrainians are suffering as Russian soldiers raid the country. She said that the Chechen soldier barged into her house where she was sheltering with her husband and pointed his gun at her. She told BBC: "At gunpoint, he took me to a house nearby. He ordered me: 'Take your clothes off or I'll shoot you.' “He kept threatening to kill me if I didn't do as he said. Then he started raping me." The woman described the man who raped her as a young, thin, Chechen fighter allied with Russia. Then, four other Russian soldiers suddenly entered the room and took the man away before they loot her home. The woman said she felt like the soldiers saved her from suffering the torture from the Chechen soldier. But when she ran back to her home, she found her husband being shot in the abdomen. She said: "He had tried to run after me to save me, but he was hit by a round of bullets.” With tears running down her eyes, the woman said of the men who looted her home: "When they left, I found drugs and Viagra. “They would get high and they were often drunk. Most of them are killers, rapists, and looters. Only a few are OK.”. Tragically, stories like this are a reality for hundreds of women in Ukraine who are traumatised for life by the actions of soldiers. Ukraine's ombudsman for human rights, Lyudmyla Denisova says that dozens of such cases are being investigated. REDA MORE: Chilling revelations over mass graves as 1,200 people killed in Kyiv Denisova told BBC: "About 25 girls and women aged 14 to 24 were systematically raped during the occupation in the basement of one house in Bucha. “Nine of them are pregnant." She added: "Russian soldiers told them they would rape them to the point where they wouldn't want sexual contact with any man, to prevent them from having Ukrainian children." Support helplines at reach are bursting with calls from victims, while information through channels on the Telegram messaging app is also provided to these women. DON'T MISS: Daily life horror in Ukraine - How to walk dogs without being blown upPutin’s propaganda machine now plans to 'bomb own country'