As Russian troops are reportedly retreating from several regions around Ukraine’s capital Kyiv, Ukrainian officials and human rights organisations are investigating evidence of war crimes in war-torn areas of Ukraine. Human Rights Watch reported it has found evidence of Russia's military forces violating laws of war, including repeated rapes of civilians, executions, and threats against civilians. Ukrainian officials say 410 civilian bodies have been found in Bucha and in the Kiyv region. Amid the rising death toll, Ukrainian MP Andrii Osadchuck says the only way to end this war once and for all is to "demilitarise Russia” altogether and “bring Russia to justice.” He told talkRadio: “The victory is not just taking Russia out of Ukraine. It’s full demilitarisation of Russia and bringing them to responsibility through international tribunal and controlling of the Russian economy. “Any peace talks, any ceasefire is to give them a break and they’ll come back again like they did in Chechnya in the late 1990s.” In August 1999, Russian forces launched a full-scale invasion of neighbouring Chechnya in response to an Islamist military incursion into Russia’s Dagestan region. READ MORE: Russian economy facing COLLAPSE with mega-recession this year to cripple Putin  Facing a stalemate in peace talks with Ukraine, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said talks must continue and added the invasion is only meant to “save” the two Russian-backed republics of the Donbas region in eastern Ukraine. At the start of the invasion, Russian President Putin called the assault on those regions “peacekeeping operations”. Mr Osadchuck calls on the West to stop turning a blind eye to atrocities committed in Ukraine and to face them. He said: “The things that are happening Ukraine, you have only seen in Hollywood movies about the Second World War. “But now things which had already happened in Ukraine next to Kyiv, you probably have seen only in most dramatic horror movies. – not most of the people like to watch movies like that." He added that the images captured on the ground are so shocking that they cannot be broadcast on TV: “Most of the pictures and videos which we have from Bucha and Irpin, which is very close to Kyiv. "We cannot even show on TV because we are taking care of psychological help of people who are watching this.” DON'T MISS:‘Insane’ Putin ‘shooting himself in foot’ as Russian population quickly dying out [INSIGHT]Putin’s telling take on death during archive interview [ARCHIVE]Russian economy facing COLLAPSE with mega-recession this year [JUST IN] Looking ahead, Mr Osadchuck is confident Ukraine is winning the war but the end is far from close. “First of all, Russian are conducting peace talks – so-called peace talks - only when they are losing.” He continued: “We defeat them around Kyiv. They didn’t leave all by themselves. They had huge losses, that’s why they went out.” “They will continue to attack in the south and the east. So the army around Kyiv is not even close move to the end of the war. They will continue the hostage, killing civilians and using cruise missiles.