At the beginning of April, flagship BBC Breakfast host Dan Walker announced he would be leaving the BBC to host Channel 5 news after six years on the show. He is set to replace Sian Williams as the news anchor and revealed it was a "massive decision" for him. However, since his announcement, rumours have been rife as to who will replace him and present alongside co-host Sally Nugent. Now, fans think they have figured it out. Often when Dan hasn't been able to host, such as when he did his stint on Strictly Come Dancing, he was often replaced by Jon Kay or co-host Sally. Many viewers feel they have cracked the code and know who will be taking over from Dan and took to Twitter to discuss their thoughts. Ian Ansell commented: "Not sure we’ve had a weather presenter take the sofa? This opens up bringing the mighty Carol Kirkwood in." Gary Williams added: "Opportunity for a shakeup! Like, have a woman sit on the left side of the screen? #CarolKirkwood." READ MORE: Piers Morgan slates Alex Beresford after infamous GMB feud Chrissy Tailsmore thought: "Oooh, Carol Kirkwood to replace Dan maybe? Would be nice to see two women present for once! Us viewers have figured it out!" Many viewers also called for Jon Kay and Owain Wyn-Evans to replace Dan with user @TheYammers80 quipping: "@jonkay01 oooh hope you’re going to take over from Dan." Edd Sirr said: "Dear @BBCBreakfast - give @jonkay01 the gig to replace Dan Walker." Ian Brindle tweeted: "I wonder if BBC will go with Owain Wyn-Evans for BBC Breakfast job... definitely been getting him ready for a big job." (sic) Dan announced his departure from the BBC through a video posted on his personal Twitter account, where he said: "Hello, I have some news. In a few weeks, I am going to be leaving BBC Breakfast and moving to 5 News and Channel 5. "I am really excited, but I thought I would just explain the decision because it is a massive one for me as someone who loves breakfast, loves the team there, loves sitting next to Sally. "Channel 5 came along with big ambitions, with big plans, and I don't think opportunities like this come around very often for TV, and I can't wait. "I should also say hopefully it is not goodbye to the BBC, I have had the privilege of working with some incredible people. DON'T MISS...Mike Bushell reacts as Dan Walker wishes Carol Kirkwood good luck [INSIGHT]BBC's Sally Nugent congratulates Laura Kuenssberg's replacement [LATEST]Carol Kirkwood scolds Dan Walker for hinting she may take his BBC role [WATCH] "I would be lying if I said I wasn't looking forward to the occasional lie-in, but I will genuinely miss waking up with you every morning, so take care, and I will hopefully see you soon." After his announcement, Dan was flooded with support from his co-stars and his viewers; however, some people thought he had "jumped ship" because of the money offer. He took to Twitter to once again explain why he was leaving and said: "It is often the case that the simple truth is much duller than all the made-up ‘moles’ and so-called ‘sources' claim. "In a nutshell… a bloke with a really good job, which he loved, got offered a really good job somewhere else, which provided an amazing new challenge. "And the chance to make some exciting TV. The bloke explained to his current employers that, even though it was a tough decision, he had decided to leave. "They are now trying their best to allow him to make a dignified departure, have a great Monday. I'm off for some toast." The three-year deal will see him host the news at 5pm four days a week and six hours a year of prime-time shows. By working with Channel 5, Dan also has the opportunity to stand in for Jeremy Vine when he takes a holiday from his morning talk show. BBC Breakfast airs every day from 6am on BBC One.