Mikhail Nagamov, was the commander of a sapper regiment, and reportedly died in battle last Wednesday. Ukraine said last week Russia had lost as many as eight generals and 33 colonels in the conflict so far. Reports state Nagamov died while "performing a combat mission in Ukraine", but little more information was provided around the circumstances of his death. The 41-year-old commander has left behind a wife and a child who live in the village of Suslonger, located about 400 miles east of Moscow. Ukraine's military has claimed to have killed nearly 21,000 Russian soldiers since Putin began his bloody invasion on February 24.  They also claim to have destroyed hundreds of military armoured vehicles. Russia has also lost the warship Moskva, which was the flagship of its Black Sea Fleet, in what is another devastating loss for the Russian leader. The ship sank after being hit by two Ukrainian Neptune missiles but it's not clear whether the vessel's captain Anton Kuprin died or not, after contradictory reports from Ukraine and Russia's media. The bloodshed is expected to increase again as Putin's generals are going back into battle in Ukraine's east in an attempt to capture the Donbas region. READ MORE: Nato allies: Why Finland and Sweden could tip the balance in war  A recent BBC analysis found that out of 1,083 Russian soldiers killed, more than 20 percent were officers. Out of the identified casualties, as many as 155 servicemen ranked between captain and second lieutenant have been killed. In addition, at least seven Russian generals were killed in the fighting - more than during the entire 10-year brutal Soviet campaign in Afghanistan. The BBC Russian Service also counted that 31 majors sent over to Ukraine to oversee the invasion were also killed by Ukraine. Another 15 percent of the identified casualties were elite paratroopers and 25 percent were special forces personnel. DON'T MISS: Russia's desperate efforts to hide true Ukraine death toll [INSIGHT]Ukraine forces beg as Russia on verge of occupying Mariupol [COMMENT]Wimbledon confirm ban on Russian players as Medvedev to miss out [ANALYSIS]  Of those identified, Lieutenant Colonel Vyacheslav Savinov, Colonel Alexander Bespalov and Colonel Oleh Yaschyshyn are some of the high-ranking officers killed by Ukraine's forces recently. Nagamov's death was announced just one day after Russian captain Alexander Chirva, the commander of a large landing ship - died in the conflict. The reportedly high number of losses on the Russian side has shocked Western leaders, However, Igor Konashenkov, a Russian Defence Ministry spokesperson recently claimed that Ukraine has lost 23,367 soldiers during the war. 