Meghan Markle's Invictus Games wardrobe came to a total cost of £38,000. This included a £12,800 Cartier necklace and £3,200 Valentino dress. The Duchess of Sussex wore a number of stunning outfits during her trip.  She wore an assortment of clothes from independent shops and well-known fashion designers. Her Easter weekend trip saw the Duchess wear £37,869 worth of clothes as part of seven separate looks. The costliest elements of her get-ups were the stunning items of jewellery she wore throughout the trip. Meghan, 40, wore a gobsmacking £12,800 Cartier necklace as well as a series of pinky rings totalling around £911 as she dressed for her and Prince Harry’s big trip. READ MORE: Watch LIVE! Royal correspondent gives latest on Harry and Meghan She arrived at the event on the first day sporting some of her go-to brands. These included a £3,200 Valentino suit as well as £329 Max Mara trousers and shoes from Manolo, Chanel and Aquazzura. Royal fans took to Twitter to comment on Meghan’s appearance. One Twitter user @SarahM said: “Happy, beautiful and glowing!” Another, @Alexia wrote: “My sis Meghan Markle, Duchess of Sussex looks good in a white suit. “Boss moves always.” Another @No_Emergency_added: “Meghan Markle attending Invictus Games in Hague Netherlands! “Also look at that jewellery obsessed.”  The Duchess saved her most expensive outfit for the opening ceremony. She donned a £620 body suit from US designer Khaite matching it with a pair of £595 Manolo shoes and her dazzling new £12,800 necklace from Cartier. Even when she dressed down, Meghan was still wearing some designer items. On Saturday, Meghan wore a £2,400 jacket from Celine, with a £1,950 bag and £360 glasses also from the French ready-to-wear designer.  The Duchess also wore a Cartier watch that once belonged to Princess Diana. Meghan’s bag was the One Stud Nappa Bag with Chain and is currently priced at £2,200. She even wore several items bought during her time as a working royal. These were once paid for by Prince Charles through money he received through the Duchy of Cornwall. 