Arsenal could be in line to bolster their defensive options next summer with reports in Italy linking the Gunners with a move for Torino's Gleison Bremer. Arsenal have completely reshaped their backline this season with Aaron Ramsdale,Takehiro Tomiyasu and Ben White establishing themselves as first-team regulars. Gabriel and Kieran Tierney are the only two defenders from last year's squad to maintain their place in the starting line-up. Arsenal are currently short of options at the heart of defence though with Rob Holding the only recognised centre-back as a back-up. Pablo Mari was loaned out in January to Udinese while both Sead Kolasinac and Calum Chambers were allowed to leave for free. The Gunners are set to welcome back William Saliba to the club in the summer and the 21-year-old has impressed this season at Marseille. But it appears as though Arsenal are still looking at more options to bring in this summer with TuttoJuve claiming Bremer is also a top target. The report claims that Arsenal aren't alone in wanting to sign the Brazilian, who has been a regular starter at Torino for the past three seasons. JUST IN: Arsenal and Man Utd receive boost as Wolves 'prepare' to lose Neves  Manchester United and Tottenham are also said to be interested in bringing the defender to the Premier League with Juventus and Bayern Munich reportedly monitoring his situation. It is reported that Torino are hoping for a fee in the region of £25million as Bremer has just two years left on his contract. The 25-year-old did sign a new deal back in February, but it's been suggested that extension was merely to give Torino a better chance of increasing their asking price. Meanwhile, Saliba's form in Ligue 1 this season saw the defender given his first call-up to France's senior squad during the last international break. DON'T MISS  He made his full international debut against South Africa after coming off the bench against Ivory Coast. Arteta has been keeping a close eye on the development of Saliba it seems and the Arsenal boss believes the club have been vindicated in sending the defender out on loan. "We are really aware of what he’s doing, how he’s developing," Arteta said. "He’s our player and we are really happy with the decision that we made because the exposure, minutes, responsibility and growth at his age is something we could not guarantee him this season. "It makes a lot of sense what is happening with him and we are glad to see him the way he is improving."