The actor was fired by his agent after using his phone to take a photograph with Andi Peters despite working on the ITV set for 36 years. Coronation Street extra Matthew reportedly spotted the Good Morning Britain presenter during filming and was later sacked by his agent. A Coronation Street spokesperson has confirmed Andi was not aware of the complaint. Andi was present on the Coronation Street set because he was filming a competition. Matthew was fired from his acting agency after he was told he had breached the terms of his contract. Actors are not allowed to use their mobile phones on set. A Coronation Street spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "During filming of a GMB competition segment on the set last week a walk-on artist was seen breaching filming protocols and his agent was notified, they decided on a course of action.” Read more: Coronation Street theory: Summer Spellman embarks on dangerous romance  “Andi Peters was not aware of this complaint,” the spokesperson concluded. The actor spoke out about being fired claiming the rule had never been implemented before. He said: “I’m speechless. I’ve worked on the set of Corrie on and off since 1986. I’ve never had a complaint and I’ve loved every minute of it. Now, it’s all over. “You’re not supposed to have your phone out on set but everyone does. It’s a rule that’s never really been enforced.” “When I asked him for a photograph it was all a bit of a laugh and he smiled and said, ‘No problem.’ “The whole interaction took less than a minute. “Now I don’t know how I’m going to pay my bills,” he told The Sun. In other Coronation Street news, stars Maureen Lipman and Rula Lenska have delved into her family history in ITV’s DNA Journey. The two friends thought their family histories couldn’t be any further apart. DON'T MISSCoronation Street theory: Jenny Connor frames Daisy Midgeley [INSIGHT]Corrie besties Rula Lenska and Maureen Lipman on their lifelong bond [INTERVIEW]Maureen Lipman explains reluctance to do DNA journey with Rula Lenska [VIDEO] Rula is the daughter of a Polish countess while Maureen comes from a Jewish working-class family in Hull. However, during the search, the pair discovered they shared a surprising link. Maureen discovered she had Polish ancestry while Rula was told her great-aunt risked her life saving Jewish children from the Nazis. But, during an appearance on Lorraine, Maureen, who plays Evelyn Plumber in the soap, admitted she was reluctant to take part at first. She explained: “I knew it would be dark. I knew she’d be looking at palaces and saying, ‘That’s my aunty’s palace,’ and ‘That’s my uncle’s.’ “I’d be scrubbing about in the shtetl somewhere with a kerchief on. “I just thought, what’s revealed by these programmes is how little families do talk about their past, especially immigrant families.” “I knew absolutely nothing,” the Coronation Street star added. Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.