As the property market continues to boom up and down the country, many homeowners are looking to get their homes on the market and sold for a good price. To get the best price for a property, it’s important that a home looks it’s best. To help homeowners get the best out of their home and boost property value, property experts have shared which features “fetch a premium” price. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, James Humphries-Stone, co-founder of The Avenue, the Midlands-based estate agents, has shared his top tips on how to add value to any property. He explained that home improvements make a difference when wanting to add property value, especially for those looking to sell. James said: “Our desire for home improvements went through the roof during lockdown, with homeowners creating home bars, home gyms, spending more time on improving outdoor living area and creating fantastic open-plan space for more flexible home/work life. “But while all these things make a difference, one of the big things that adds value is that people buy into it being a home. READ MORE: Property: ‘Immediate’ home improvements to raise property value by 20% “What I mean by that is really, really well-presented properties that have nicely finished decorative features, open-plan family kitchens with fully-fitted appliances and a separate snug area that adults can relax in later in the evening, good bathrooms, fitted wardrobes, nice carpets. “Properties that are in good order and are well-presented tend to fetch a premium.” Homeowners are currently putting a premium on space which means fitted bedroom furniture is a sure way to add value to a property. In period properties, fitted wardrobes can be a great way to maximise on storage while still working with original features. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to clean the bottom of burnt pans - ‘amazing’ hack [COMMENT]Mould: Best houseplants to get rid of mould in your bathroom [INSIGHT]Laundry: How to ‘correctly’ load washing machines for ‘better results’ [EXPERT] James explained that potential buyers want to “buy into a home” when viewing a property. He said: “People want to be able to buy into a lifestyle; think beautiful country kitchen, vaulted ceilings, beams…houses that have these features tend to sell way over their asking price. “If you have a property that needs a bit of work, that is lacking in any real sense of quality, then it’s only going to attract one kind of buyer and they won’t be willing to pay a premium.” Some people go house hunting for a “fixer-upper”, a basic shell they can renovate and make their own. However, it’s far more likely that viewers will be looking for a “home”, a property with character that feels ready to move into. In terms of features, bi-folding doors also add value to a property as they can add around five to 10 percent to the resale valuation of a property. Unlike French and patio doors which have rigid widths, bi-folding doors can span several metres enabling a very vast opening to be created. James said: “Properties with bi-fold doors - as more and more people aim to bring the outside indoors - can add value to a property.” As well as bringing the outdoors inside, they enhance the aesthetics of any home, particularly when crafted from aluminium, and give it that all-important “wow” factor. The property pro noted that a log burner is also “great investment”. James said: “A stunning log burner, particularly in a countryside property, is well worth the investment. “A log burner is a great investment, too, as gas and electricity prices across the UK increase.”