Boxing superstar Tyson Fury has appeared to backtrack on his original threat to retire after his WBC title defence against British rival Dillian Whyte in front of a record 94,000 at Wembley Stadium. Fury and Whyte spoke to media members about their upcoming bout, breaking the radio silence that has defined the pre-fight build-up. Whyte will get his first and arguably overdue crack at a world title when he takes on the man who many believe to be the pinnacle of the heavyweight division on April 23 at Wembley Stadium. While many fans expect Fury to secure the win, speculation mounted over the Gypsy King’s future after his initial comments - saying he would retire - which plunged any future clash with Anthony Joshua or Oleksandr Usyk into doubt. When asked about his comments regarding potential retirement, Fury revealed he is excited about his homecoming fight ahead of his first British bout since 2018, and insisted he still enjoys fighting. He said: “All I’m focused on now is this fight with Dillian. After that I’ll think about the future. “I’m so happy at being paid so well for a job I love to do. I’ve had a great career. These are my moments in time and every one of them is precious. They pass by so quickly that when I'm in the ring even a 12 round fight seem to me like only two minutes. READ MORE: David Haye faces 'commentary ban' after backing Dillian Whyte upset “I wish I could spend a whole day fighting, a whole day smashing people in the face. That may seem like madness but I love every second of it. I've been doing it for 14 unbeaten years and I just keep rolling along.” If Fury defeats Whyte, the stage would be set for the 33-year-old to face the winner of the anticipated rematch between Joshua and Usyk after the Ukrainian dominated the Brit back in September to snatch his WBA (Super), IBF, WBO and IBO belts. Fury would battle the winner to determine the first undisputed heavyweight champion of the world since Lennox Lewis. The WBC champion revealed he has been building up his punching power by playing plenty of rounds of golf during his training camp in Morecambe - where he claims to be driving the ball 400 yards. Fury spoke fairly respectfully of Whyte and refused to be drawn into any of the pre-fight mental games he traditionally likes to play. “Grabbing someone by the throat on a stage doesn't fill seats or drive the pay-per-view,” Fury added. “We're adults. Not children any longer. It's what the boxing the fans want to see and I want to give this fantastic crowd the thrills they deserve.” DON'T MISSFury to 'shock' fans during Whyte weigh-in as retirement decision madeTyson Fury's dad John responds to Dillian Whyte undercard suggestionDillian Whyte finally fulfils 'Clause 11' of Tyson Fury contract to de When asked about his gameplan for facing Whyte next weekend, Fury said: “I don't have a plan for dealing with Dillian. Great champions wait for the first bell, take a look at what the challenger is bringing to the fight and work out what to do.” Fury then went on to reportedly ask the presenter of the conference call to give Whyte ‘love and kisses and wish him a belated happy birthday from me’. Whyte laid down the gauntlet and explained his absence from previous promotional opportunities, claiming: “I wasn't being treated as an equal in this fight. Tyson is seen as the No 1 heavyweight in the world, the lineal champion and all that. But I don't dust no-one's shoes. “Now we've sorted a few of those things out I'm happy to be here and say how amazing it will be when this kid with no schooling and no background in boxing becomes the undisputed world heavyweight champion.”