Currently, those who live in England are able to apply for the free bus pass once they reach the state pension age, which is 66. Depending on what country someone lives in within the UK, the age eligibility threshold for accessing the free bus pass is different. For example, residents in Scotland or Wales are able to apply for the travel concession once they turn 60 years of age. In light of the current cost of living crisis, many pensioners will choose to get this support to save money on their expenses. Most recently, inflation has soared to seven percent and energy bills are set to rise by £693 annually this year. However, under current Government proposals, the state pension age is set to go up in the coming years. As a result of this, Britons in the over 60s age demographic will have to wait even longer for a “freebie” benefit they would otherwise have been entitled to. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  If the Government’s proposals continue as planned, the state pension will rise from 66 to 67 in between 2026 and 2028. As well as this, another increase to the retirement age threshold is expected by 2048 at the latest. Despite this forecast, the state pension age change is subject to shifts in the wider economy and predictions regarding life expectancy. On top of this, a new bus pass scheme has been introduced in Scotland which has seen under 22s being able to claim the free bus pass. DON'T MISS:  To apply for a free bus pass, those who want to put forward a claim can do so through their local council. Alternatively, applicants can share their postcode on the gov.uk website which will bring up the contact details of their council. After this, people who are applying for the bus pass can download or print an application form, or request one from their Post Office. Complete forms must include a photograph, proof of age and proof of the applicant's current address. Experts have emphasised the importance of the benefits associated with the state pension, including the free bus pass. Stephen Lowe, the group communications director at Just Group, shared why the benefit scheme is particularly beneficial to those of a certain age group. Mr Lowe explained: “The social and cultural reference to ‘freebie’ benefits means nearly all over 65s know about them but their financial value is dwarfed by other benefits which are less well known. “The state pension alone will not provide a comfortable standard of living so checking your entitlement for other state benefits should be as much a part of planning for retirement as understanding what your private pension and other savings will provide.” For those in their 60s who are still unable to claim a free bus pass, Age UK has shared other travel saving tips for those in need. On its website, the organisation stated: “It’s also worth contacting the individual coach and train operators to see if they offer discounts for older people. “For example, National Express offers a Senior Coachcard for people who are 60 and over. It costs £12.50 and offers a third off your travel throughout the year. “Some local authorities offer concessions that apply to local public transport. Contact your local council for more information about what they offer.”