Simon Jordan has responded to a claim made by Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp that the German does not particularly care for his football opinions. The outspoken talkSPORT pundit can still count Klopp as a listener, however, after he admitted to using the radio show as a means to improve his English. Klopp has overseen a tremendous run of form as Liverpool continue to push on four separate fronts this campaign. A routine 2-0 win over Watford on Saturday kept up the pressure on their rivals and set them up for the tough run that lies ahead. The Reds boss may have made a new enemy off the pitch, however, after admitting that he listens to Jordan to expand his vocabulary despite disagreeing with his football takes. "I cannot say that I am a fan of Simon Jordan to be honest, not always," admitted Klopp, "Sometimes I share his opinion [but] more often than not I don’t, but that’s not a problem, it’s entertainment.  JUST IN: Man Utd icon Wayne Rooney trolls Gary Neville over the 'highlight' of his career "By the way I don’t listen to it for information reasons, I listen to it to improve my English! Because we have a Scottish guy and an English guy and other dialects on talkSPORT as well so that’s why I try to get more into the language, that’s the reason." Jordan jokingly responded: "I’ve now decided that I’m a massive advocate for Man City. And I shall spend my entire time trying to pick holes in Jurgen Klopp because he doesn’t like what I have to say!" DON'T MISSArsenal outcast Torreira eyes exit after being 'reborn' at FiorentinaArsenal in five-team battle for Gleison Bremer as Torino set priceArsenal icon Eduardo believes Arteta can emulate Klopp Jordan, who previously spent a decade as chairman of Crystal Palace, may find it tricky to pick holes in Klopp's team given their extraordinary run of 10 consecutive Premier League wins. That has left them one point behind Manchester City as the title race enters a crucial stage. The German will have to turn his team's attention towards Champions League duties on Tuesday night, however, as they travel to Portugal for a quarter-final first-leg tie against Benfica. The Lisbon-based side toppled Erik ten Hag's Ajax in the round of 16, and the Reds' fixture list is not set to get any easier for the next few weeks. Two crunch meetings with Pep Guardiola's City are the standout fixtures among a gruelling schedule, with their next dose of relative normality coming on April 30 when they head north-east to face Newcastle United. Klopp must make sure his squad remains fit and healthy, despite opting to play both Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane on Saturday after both players returned from an intense period of international duty. Luis Diaz should feel rejuvenated after spending 90 minutes on the bench, while Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino are in good enough form to ease their manager's worries.