Motorists have been warned about wearing everyday items that could land them in trouble with the police if caught. Currently, a driver who is found wearing inappropriate clothing that could restrict manoeuvring can face on-the-spot fines of £100 plus three penalty points. However, these fines can increase to £5,000 plus nine penalty points and even a driving ban if the case is taken to court. Aside from DVLA scams, drivers are being urged to familiarise themselves with part of rule 97 in the Highway Code. The rule states drivers must have “footwear and clothing which does not prevent you using the controls in the correct manner." As a result, motorists have been warned by experts not to wear jeans that are too baggy. READ MORE: Driving lessons could be taking place without an instructor If jeans are too baggy they could get tangled on the break or clutch pedals. And, if that leads to an accident, motorists can be charged by police with careless driving and face huge fines. Other items of clothing that drivers should look out for include: Long skirts or dresses DON'T MISS Red diesel ban will create 'perfect storm' of costs as drivers warned [WARNING]Huge road changes could be made to protect people from 'silent' EVs [REVEAL] NHS nurses furious at decision to bring back 'unfair' parking charges [SHOCKING] Maxi dresses might make motorists look beach-ready but when driving they could get caught underneath the pedals or restrict the use of them leading to a nasty accident. Flip flops Shoes with a sole that’s less than 10mm thick are considered “unsafe” to drive in. Motorists have been advised to use driving shoes and change to flip-flops on the beach. High heels Around 40 percent of women admitted to driving in high heels. However, high heels are not practical for pushing down the pedals as the heel can get wedged underneath preventing drivers from pushing it all the way down which is vital when breaking in an emergency. Alastair Grier, managing director of CarMoney, said: “If you are planning on driving somewhere where the dress code is smart, we recommend you take a change of sensible shoes for the car ride." Slippers Open-back slippers are considered unsafe footwear because the driver’s feet could slip out when using the pedals. Chunky boots These might look ideal but oversized boots or chunky shoes can result in the driver touching more than one pedal at once. Mr Grier recommended choosing footwear that is “narrow enough” to touch pedals individually. Sunglasses with too dark lenses or chunky frames While sunglasses are an essential eye protection accessory, some styles can restrict vision while driving. For instance, some lenses might be tinted too dark and restrict daylight vision on the road. Additionally, bulky frames can cause a blind spot, so drivers have been advised to test them out first or stick to using just the built-in car sun visors