Harry Billinge was one of only four in his unit to survive the invasion of Gold Beach on June 6, 1944, and often spoke about his time during the war. The veteran spent more than 60 years collecting for the Royal British Legion's Poppy Appeal and working hard to fundraise for a memorial for the soldiers who died during the battle. It was reported he died on April 5 due to a short illness, with BBC Breakfast hosts Dan Walker and Sally Nugent paying a tribute to his extraordinary life. After the BBC played a short film to show the successes of Harry's life and the incredible work he had done for veterans and their families, the pair praised his work. Sally said: "What an amazing, amazing man!" Dan agreed: "What a beautiful piece there, just bringing all that he did together! So many interviews, and he achieved so much in his 96 years." "I know John [Maguire] has been with him all along these last couple of years, it was really lovely that we have John there this morning," Sally revealed. READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show Dan added: "I know the news yesterday, so many people reacted with great sadness, he lived an amazing life and did incredible things along the way, but it is still. "Through this programme and many other programmes, you learn so much about somebody, and then you find out that they died it is still sad, isn't it." Speaking about the interview he did for BBC Breakfast whilst sitting on Normandy beach where he fought, Dan expressed: "It gave an understanding that everyone calls him a hero, and he never ever saw himself as a hero." After coming out of the war, Harry became a hairdresser but made it his life's work to honour those who were left behind during the battle. The Queen recognised his efforts, and he was awarded an MBE at 94 in 2020. Shortly after the pandemic, the memorial he had worked so hard for was officially opened above Gold Beach. As the restriction began to ease, Harry and other veterans travelled back to Normandy to see his life's work in person. There is a special inscription along the walls dedicated to Harry's tireless and selfless efforts throughout his life after the war. DON'T MISS...Tributes as D-Day veteran Harry Billinge dies aged 96 [INSIGHT]Remembrance Day: We should honour our fallen heroes [LATEST]D-Day hero still fighting for his comrades at 96 by selling poppies [WATCH] Speaking about why he dedicated so much of his life's work to making sure the memorial was built, he said: "I came home, and so many poor devils never came home. "I loved them all. Everybody who was a Normandy veteran loved one another, and that's a marvellous thing, love is stronger than death." As the clip came to an end, John Maguire, who was a close friend of Harry's and followed his fundraising journey, gave a few words about his dedication. "Just thinking back to last October when we were with Harry in Normandy and he saw the memorial for the first time. "We filmed with him in the morning and in the afternoon, we edited the film to be shown on BBC Breakfast the next morning. "That afternoon, Harry went to the local war museum to once again collect money for that education centre. "As passionate as he was about the memorial, he had the same amount of passion for that education centre. "To carry on his message, to carry on his legacy if you like and what a legacy it is, may Harry Billinge rest in peace," he ended. BBC Breakfast airs every day from 6am on BBC One.