Martin Roberts found out this week that he could have had just hours to live without medical intervention due to a risky build-up of fluid around his heart. He underwent an emergency operation and has now provided an update on his health, revealing he may remain in hospital for weeks. The medical team treating him believed the life-threatening problem could have arisen as the result of an earlier lung infection. He thanked fans profusely for their concern in his recorded update, explaining: "Firstly, I have been overwhelmed by all the messages of love and support I’ve received. "They mean the world to me and help lift my spirits, at a time I feel a bit scared and very emotionally battered, like you wouldn’t believe. Thank you. Thank you." Adding that his heart problem "seems to have stabilised", he clarified that medics are now running tests to get to the root of why it happened in the first place. READ NOW: ITV's Charlene White slams 'misplaced vitriol' aimed at Prince Harry "Seems this fluid build up around the heart that nearly killed me was an effect (a deadly one) rather than a cause," he elaborated to The Sun. "I’m being transferred to the respiratory team today as they think it might have started with a serious lung infection. I may be in hospital for another two weeks." The Homes Under The Hammer presenter has also confessed the trauma of the op has been prompting nightmares. He had been rushed to hospital in Bath earlier in the week after suffering sudden chest pains, when he first learnt there would be a need for surgery. "So here I am, still around, thank goodness, thank god and angels, all those things. "There’s lots of other complicated things that have happened as a result, but we will work through those, and I’ll keep you updated." He added cheekily, in an indication that he has certainly not lost his sense of humour: "Meanwhile, there’s a good TV show on that I think I’ll watch here!" "Bit of a shocker," he captioned his Instagram video, adding to over 20,000 followers: "At least I’m here to tell the tale…" His former "TV wife", Lucy Alexander, wrote back to his post urging: "Get well my lovely M.R!" He replied: "Jeez what a scare. Bit emotionally in pieces right now. But yeah. Too much still to do x" @colinrayjackson also shared his warm wishes on the post, exclaiming: " Get well soon buddy, you give good vibes, the universe protected you. Stay safe."