Erik ten Hag will reportedly consider a shock reunion with Steve McClaren at Manchester United, should he be handed the managerial role. The highly-rated Dutch tactician is patiently waiting by the phone for an invitation to take over at Old Trafford next season after being interviewed by football director John Murtough. Ten Hag is expected to sit down with the United board for a second time in the coming weeks as he looks to strengthen his chances of landing the vacancy. Mauricio Pochettino and another mystery candidate are also in contention as United continue to refine their search. Should Ten Hag land the position, The Guardian claim he could look to appoint former United assistant manager McClaren as his No 2. The pair know each other well from their time together at FC Twente, where Ten Hag worked under the former England boss. READ MORE: PSG 'could sell Lionel Messi and Neymar to MLS this summer' in surprise transfer twist After finishing second in his first season with Ten Hag as his assistant, McClaren guided FC Twente to the Eredivisie title in the 2009/10 campaign. McClaren - who has also managed Middlesbrough, Wolfsburg, Newcastle, Derby and Queens Park Rangers among others - recently praised the work ethic of his former colleague. He claims Ten Hag's level of planning is like nothing he has ever seen before. “His great strength lies not just in his attention to detail and organisation,” he told The Telegraph. "He has a clear philosophy of how he wants to play football; the environment he wants to create. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'issued Man Utd transfer ultimatum' involving Ralf Rangnick during interviewTottenham 'reconsider Lautaro Martinez' transfer after agreeing £60m deal last summerMan Utd have interviewed 'mystery boss' battling Erik ten Hag and Pochettino for job “The player progression programme was a key part of Twente. He has done that at Ajax too, for each player from the academy to the first team. You look at Hakim Ziyech and now the [Brazilian] striker Antony, a very good player who will be the next one to go. I have seen this Ajax team and it’s very good. “Erik is very disciplined and people have to buy into that and have that work ethic. Tactically he’s outstanding. "He worked with Pep [Guardiola] at Bayern Munich and took in his philosophy too. They called him ‘Mini Pep’ out there. “He’s ready. A lot of top clubs in Germany and England will be out to get him.” McClaren already has a great affinity to United having previously spent two seasons working under Sir Alex Ferguson between 1999 and 2001. He has not been involved in football since being appointed Derby's technical director in November 2020. Derby entered administration in September 2021, meaning he decided to step down from the position. Intriguingly, the 60-year-old's LinkedIn page recently stated that he was looking for coaching opportunities in the Far East.