Aldi shoppers love to bag a bargain and what better than a face cream that competes against the industry’s most expensive products. Customers of the budget supermarket have been praising Lacura’s Rejuvelate Day Cream for doing exactly what it says on the pot - “reducing the visible signs of ageing”. Lacura is an award-winning beauty brand from Aldi to help customers “look and feel amazing for less”. The Rejuvelate Day Cream is just one of many products and is “perfectly formulated to provide the perfect daily skincare routine” according to the website. This face and night cream which is priced at £3.49 will “leave your skin feeling hydrated, firm and bright”. It also “reduces the visible signs of aging while protecting your skin from the sun, thanks to its SPF”. READ MORE: Boots announces change to Advantage Card points Aldi add: “Give your skin the hydration it needs to be hydrated and healthy, and you'll feel so much more confident in your own skin.” The product has been dermatologically tested, is cruelty free and recommended for those aged 40-60+. The product has received a 4.5 star rating and 243 customers have left a review. Anne Wilson summarised the product in five words: “Super face cream, super price.” DON'T MISS...Weight loss: Apple cider vinegar can ‘improve metabolism’ [STUDIES]Reason why Camilla touches her hat 'Wants to be seen as normal' [EXCLUSIVE]Meghan Markle altered eternity ring from Prince Harry [STYLE] She added: “Brilliant cream. My friend says I look a lot younger since using this. Even better to know that it is animal friendly - no animal derivatives and no testing on animals.” Mo Jo from Hampshire said: “Lacura rejuvenate day cream is very light. It makes my skin feel really soft and it has made it appear brighter. It has definitely smoothed out the skin around the mouth.” Another customer gave the product five starts and wrote: “Great quality product, great ingredients, great price. My skin feels plump and glowing in the morning.” There were a couple of shoppers who have been purchasing the Lacura’s Rejuvelate Day Cream “for years”. One said: “I have been using this for three years wouldn't use anything else.” Diane C from East Sussex chimed: “I've been using this product for a few years now, it's the best, absolutely love it! It's so rich and creamy and moisturising, also it contains SPF!” Another added: “I've been using this cream for around two and a half years now and I just love it. “I get a lot of compliments on my skin and how I don't look my age and I credit it all to using this and the night cream regularly. “It feels lovely, smells nice and really calms my sensitive skin. I'll definitely be using it for many years to come!” Jools commented: “I always take these reviews with a slight pinch of salt! But as I'm now in my 60s I thought I'd bite the bullet and upgrade to this cream, apparently more suitable for my ageing wrinkles. I'm am truly amazed, the cream has a pleasant scent, lovely and creamy and it's not greasy at all. My skin feels great.” Aldi shoppers also rave about the Lacura Caviar Illumination Day Cream.