Emma Raducanu recently sent shockwaves through the north London football scene by donning a Tottenham shirt during her preparations for the Stuttgart Open. It was a bold show of allegiance from one of the country's top sporting figures, and has left many wondering where loyalties lie for tennis' iconic 'big three' of Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer. Raducanu won on her senior clay debut at the Billie Jean King Cup last week, dispatching Tereza Martincova 7-5 7-5. But foot blisters hampered her in a subsequent showdown with former French Open finalist Marketa Vondrousova. Still, it is straight onto the Stuttgart Open for the 19-year-old who encouraged fans by returning to practice despite foot trouble, but discouraged others by her choice of shirt. "My whole team basically are big Spurs fans," she said, "I feel like they’re egging me on and desperately trying to get me behind. I don’t necessarily follow football so much but I feel now, because of them, some sort of connection." The Brit is not the only one to risk upsetting a few fans by divulging her true colours: DON'T MISS: Novak Djokovic could face Rafael Nadal twice as part of French Open 'dress rehearsal'  The Serb has previously shown an affinity for Manchester United, but the most overwhelming evidence points towards Italian giants AC Milan. Djokovic is partial to the occasional show of support on social media for the Rossoneri, and has previously been a guest at the San Siro. "I’m a big fan of Milan and I’ll always be," he said, "For me, football is second only to tennis. My father was a professional footballer and at home, we always watch the Rossoneri’s games with great interest." Another star with dual loyalties, Mallorca-born Nadal has shown glimmers of support for his home team, RCD Mallorca, while waxing lyrical about Real Madrid on other occasions. The Spaniard's uncle once played for Barcelona, but that has not stopped surprising claims from Los Blancos president Florentino Perez that the 21-time Grand Slam winner would be a 'magnificent choice' to take his place one day. "You never know what will happen, Everybody knows that I love football and that Real Madrid is my team," said Nadal, "Talking about that now is a bit of a utopia but if you ask me, of course, I would like to be president." Having attended multiple home games at St. Jakob-Park, paid visits to the dressing room and showed support on social media, Federer is known to be an outspoken supporter of his home side, FC Basel. Federer was supposedly approached to be the club's president several years ago, although his demanding tennis career naturally got in the way. It is understood that the club are keen to usher him into a director post once he retires, where he would be tasked with restoring Swiss Super League glory to the side for the first time since 2016/17.