Yet against this troubled backdrop, a culture of complacency still prevails in large parts of the public sector. Many ordinary citizens may now be struggling, but much of the state bureaucracy, sustained by guaranteed revenues regardless of performance, continues to wallow in profligate inefficiency. At times, it seems as if some of the vast Government machine is run primarily in the interests of its staff rather than the needs of the public. That spirit is reflected in the unproductive working practices that can be found across Whitehall and other organisations. Even with Covid in retreat, nothing like normal routines have been restored, with huge numbers of staff now working from home. At the Department for Education, for example, just a quarter of civil servants are at their desks on any given day, while at the Department of Work and Pensions the figure rises marginally to 27 percent. Hybrid working can be successful in some businesses, but is unsuitable for a public body. For a start it means that taxpayers’ money is being wasted on empty offices in the capital and pointless London allowances. And many emergency and key workers, usually on lower pay, cannot enjoy the same perk. The absence of staff makes a service less responsive, as can be seen at the Passport Agency, where applications are now subject to long delays. Similarly, at the DVLA in Swansea, there have been appalling backlogs in processing licences because of a mix of union strikes, absenteeism, poor computer systems and working from home. At the height of the first lock down, 3,400 DVLA staff, out of 6,200, were on special leave without having to work at all. It is the same story in the NHS, where record waiting lists are accompanied by reports that GPs now work on average three days or less a week. There are other signs of worrying extravagance and a lack of urgency in the public sector, such as the impulse for bureaucratic empire-building, which has resulted in 91,000 additional civil servants being added to the payroll since 2016. Much of this expansion is consumed in managerial excess. There are now around 600 Whitehall mandarins who are paid more than £150,000, an 18 percent increase on the year before. Yet even with this huge army of well-rewarded officials, the civil service increasingly relies on expensive outside advisers. Only at the weekend it was revealed spending by Whitehall on consultants has gone up by 70 percent in five years, from £717million in 2017 to £1.2billion last year. But finally a political challenge has been mounted against this profligacy. The Cabinet Office Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg might seem an unlikely public champion, given his image as an aristocratic throwback, “the member for the 18th century” as some critics sneer. But Rees-Mogg, an astute businessman, has already proved effective in exposing institutional waste, particularly through his visits to unstaffed departmental offices. Much to the fury of the civil service unions, desperate to protect their privileges, he has left polite notes on the absent workers’ desks, expressing regret they were out when he called. Margaret Thatcher spoke of “rolling back the frontiers of the state” and Rees-Mogg is now trying to do the same. In another dramatic move, he has written to his Government colleagues, asking for suggestions as to which quangos could be culled or merged. Quangoland remains a sprawling jungle of unaccountable officialdom, duplication and extravagance. Does tolerant Britain really need the £18million-a-year Equality and Human Rights Commission? Couldn’t the £1.2 billion of the diversity-fixated Arts Council be trimmed? Is there any justification for pouring £3million a year into Museum Development England, which is on a mission to “decolonise” this sector and counter the dominance of “white, wealthy men” in collections? Why do we need a Consumer Council for Water as well as a Water Services Regulation Authority? Has the creation of Police Commissioner fiefdoms helped fight crime? In the face of vested interests and media shrieking about “Tory cuts”. Rees-Mogg has his work cut out. But he has made a good start. For the sake of public services and economic survival, Government spending must be restrained.