Real Madrid have added Reece James to their summer shortlist after the Chelsea right-back caught the eye in his side's chaotic midweek Champions League exit at the Bernabeu, according to reports. The England international is now widely recognised as one of the best of his ilk in all of world football following his exciting emergence onto the scene under former boss Frank Lampard. James' timely return to action following a lengthy lay-off came just in time for Chelsea's heavyweight clash with Los Blancos on Tuesday night, although it was the visitors who ran out 3-1 victors in the first leg at Stamford Bridge. Nonetheless, James' quality proved key in helping Chelsea force their way back into the tie in the return fixture. Goals from Mason Mount, Antonio Rudiger and Timo Werner saw Thomas Tuchel's side flip the game on its head before Rodrygo and Karim Benzema broke Chelsea hearts. But despite the defeat, James' performance left a lasting impression on not only Carlo Ancelotti and his staff but the Real Madrid dressing room. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims The Sunday Mirror are now reporting that Real have now added James to their summer wish-list. Los Blancos are looking to sign an upgrade on Dani Carvajal, who is now beginning to age despite his remarkable consistency over the years. Chelsea are not expected to entertain the idea of selling one of their best players, particularly given he is one of their own having graduated from the academy. Yet the report cites that Real Madrid's interest could potentially test the resolve of Chelsea's new owners. READ MOREMan Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claimsMan City goalkeeper Scott Carson 'offers out' Sime Vrsaljko in new Atletico tunnel clipAjax boss Erik ten Hag responds after being congratulated over Man Utd job The Blues are still working their way through a list of bidders as they seek to find Roman Abramovich's successor. Real Madrid are planning to sell a number of the club's fringe players in order to free up some additional cash to splash. James currently has over three years left on his deal at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea are thought to be open about extending his contract with the club although talks are yet to have taken place. The Blues may even be in the market for a new right-back themselves with Cesar Azpilicueta facing an uncertain future in west London. While Chelsea have triggered a one-year extension in his contract, the Spaniard is thought to be keen on a return to his homeland. Barcelona and Atletico Madrid are among those to have expressed an interest in his services, though his future will be addressed at the end of the season. Tuchel would ideally love to keep the Chelsea icon, who has a huge say in the dressing room.