  BBC Breakfast star Dan Walker, 45, announced he would be leaving the early morning show after six years with the broadcaster. Dan had been sharing the red sofa with co-host Sally Nugent, 50, who he gave an “awkward” reaction to after she cheekily quizzed him on his exit.      On Monday morning, Dan shared a hilarious clip from his time on BBC Breakfast with his 755,000 Twitter followers. In the video, his co-star Sally could be giggling beside him on the sofa thanks to a rather unfortunate turn of phrase. Reporting on a story involving garden gnomes, Dan began: “Err… So if you would like to show us your gnomes… Or your favourite knick knacks…” At this point Dan had to stop because Sally had burst out laughing at what sounded like a rather euphemistic request. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’    In a fit of giggles himself, Dan repeated: “Show us your gnomes!” Sally later explained that it was “the way Dan said” the phrase that meant she couldn’t stop laughing, while Dan agreed that it “did sound a bit rude”. “I am going to miss Sally,” Dan captioned the clip with a laughing emoji. He then added the hashtags #ShowUsYourGnomes and #BBCBreakfast.     An hour later, Sally issued a rather tongue-in-cheek response to the tweet. In view of her 144,500 followers she replied: “What!!? Where are you going?” Dan then came back with a grimace emoji to ironically indicate the “awkward” question. Of course, Dan and Sally have already discussed his move to Channel 5 after news of his BBC Breakfast exit broke earlier this month. READ MORE... Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore [INSIGHT] Jane McDonald receives marriage proposal on same day as co-star [LATEST] Johnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip [UPDATE]      Dan is set to join the Channel 5 news team in the imminent future, with the change set to take place in the coming weeks. The presenter will be lead anchor of the channel’s recently re-launched 5pm news bulletin. He will join 5 News co-presenter Claudia-Liza Vanderpuije on the show produced by ITN. Back when he announced his big move, the father-of-three admitted that the opportunity was simply “too good to turn down.”     He issued a statement about his decision which said: “I can't wait to get stuck into the daily news show, but I am also excited about making some great new TV for Channel 5. "I love their ideas and creativity and it’s rare to get an opportunity like this where paths and ambitions meet. "The chance to do something different was too good to turn down.” BBC Breakfast continues weekdays at 6am on BBC One.   