Noah (played by Jack Downham) believes he and Chloe (Jessica Elland) should be together, despite the fact the newcomer to Emmerdale has rejected him on several occasions. The youngster even faked showing interest in Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell) to try and make his former love interest jealous and she still didn't care. In recent scenes on the ITV soap, she has begun making a beeline for Nate Robinson (Jurell CarteR) but official spoilers for next week's episodes hint he could be in serious danger. The drama continues with the toxic love triangle when Noah bumps into Chloe in the village shop and tries to win her around. To do this, the teenager buys his love interest some tickets to a concert and she is thrilled with the prospect of being able to go. Believing he now has her on his side, the young man is pretty impressed with himself but it seems Chloe's mind is elsewhere. Instead of spending more time with Noah, she ends up going to see Nate at the first opportunity she can, having become besotted with him. Although he has rejected her advances recently, he enjoys spending some time with her after getting a call from his former lover. READ MORE: Jack Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jack Millar now? Nate is told in upcoming scenes the mother of his child, Tracy Metcalfe (Amy Walsh) has got a new boyfriend after moving to Nottingham. The heartthrob of the village thought there would be a chance he could reunite with her in the future but his dreams are dashed. It seems Chloe helps takes his mind off things for a while but what he doesn't realise is danger is lurking in the shadows. This is because Noah spots the pair getting closer and looks revengeful as he doesn't want Chloe to be with anyone else. With the teenager becoming a lot more sinister recently, he could have a deadly plan in mind to get rid of his love rival once and for all. After all, he is a Dingle and when it comes to getting revenge, they are notorious for crossing the line with their enemies. Although it has never been hinted he could end up being a killer, the fact Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) is making her exit from the show soon suggests there is room for a new villain in town. Nate is a lot taller and has a greater build than Noah, however, so it would take some planning to get rid of him for good. It could be the youngster will somehow get his hands on a gun and will follow the heartthrob around the village looking for the right time to shoot. Continuing to lurk in the shadows, he could fire the gun at just the right time and position to strike Nate down on the spot. DON'T MISS...Paige Sandhu health: Soap star on 'terrible' anxiety - symptoms [ANALYSIS]Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT] The villagers will be horrified to discover Nate lying dead in the middle of the road and with no sign of an attacker, they would be on the hunt for a killer. It would be clear from investigations he was shot and the police would be on the lookout for a gunman in the vicinity. Noah would not care as in his head, he would now have Chloe all to himself but she would be grieving for the loss of Nate. As the youngster becomes more wound up by the fact he's not getting her sole attention, he could admit to killing her love interest. At this point, she would know she is also in danger but will she be able to escape Noah's clutches or will he be ready to claim another life? The actress who plays Chloe, Jessica, has spoken out on her storyline with Noah and has hinted more drama is on the horizon. Jessica said of a friendship her character now believes she is forming with Noah: "It's almost as if she starts to see him in a new light as this is very different to the side she saw in him before when they broke up. "She thinks he's turned over a new leaf and is keen to patch up this relationship and be friends with him." Viewers will know he hasn't but Jessica has promised fans the storyline will go in an "interesting direction" in future episodes. Focussing on misogyny has become paramount to this storyline and the actress explained she thinks it is important to address the matter on-screen. Jessica added in an interview with Digital Spy: "It's such a relevant conversation, especially in this day and age, and I think it's really great that stories like that are being taken on." In another interview with Teeside Live, the actress also said: "Things don’t really go to plan for her – she’s having to deal with not getting her own way." This is yet another hint her character is in danger but the soap star is enjoying every minute of filming on the show. "When I finish filming for the day, I don’t want to go home. Everyone is so lovely. It was a bit daunting at first to come into a show that is so well known. The cast and crew are like a family." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.