The Invictus Games begin this weekend in The Hague, the Netherlands. The event was initially due to take place two years ago, but was postponed due to coronavirus restrictions. Prince Harry, who served in Afghanistan, founded the Games to help wounded, injured and sick military personnel and veterans on their road to recovery. He was part of the armed forces for 10 years, while his older brother, Prince William, completed seven and half years. Both brothers were commissioned as Army officers, having completed their 44-weeks of officer cadet training at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst. While William pursued a flying career and became a Search and Rescue pilot, Harry was deployed to Afghanistan, at first as a forward air controller and later as a helicopter co-pilot and gunner. Mark Omrod, a former Royal Marine, told an episode of The Andy Rowe Show podcast that the princes’ military involvement has “elevated veterans’ status” and improved their “quality of life”. Speaking to Mr Rowe last year, he said: “I honestly think that we – as in the wounded, injured and sick, the veteran community from Iraq and Afghanistan – would have a very different quality of life – a much worse one – had it not been for a lot of the stuff that they [William and Harry] pushed. “I’d even go as far to say that veterans from conflicts’ past – Kosovo, Bosnia, the Falklands, the first Gulf War, all this stuff – they had it a lot rougher than we do. “I think that their quality of life and their status as a veteran has vastly increased. “They haven’t been forgotten about, before I think they had." He continued: “But with Iraq and Afghanistan, the royal involvement has elevated veterans’ status, and there’s been so many things and so many more perks that have come about now as a result of being a veteran across the board, that I don’t think would be a thing had it not been for their [William and Harry] involvement.” Mr Omrod also commended the princes for their decision to join the armed forces. He said: “Put yourself in their situation, you’re a member of the Royal Family, you’ve got a great life, you can do some incredible things and that can continue forever. “So why would you want to put yourself in danger, where you can potentially end up like me, or dead?” DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton is a 'fantastic parent' - 'strong and disciplined' [INSIGHT]Queen's biography to be updated to include the Firm's struggle during [ANALYSIS]Kate and William ban children from social media [COMMENT] Mr Omrod joined the Royal Marines in 2001 at the age of 17 and served in the Iraq War, and was later deployed in Afghanistan. In the early hours of Christmas Eve 2007, he was out on a foot patrol in the Helmand Province of Afghanistan when he stepped on and triggered an Improvised Explosive Device (IED). Both of his legs were amputated above the knee and his right arm above the elbow – he was the UK’s first triple amputee to survive the Afghanistan conflict. Of William and Harry's roles in the military, he said: “I think it takes a different kind of person to step up and do that. “And a lot of people, I think, forget they don’t have to do that.” In 2008, Harry was fighting on the front line in Afghanistan; he was prematurely pulled out when news of his involvement leaked. A few years later, he returned for a 20-week deployment having trained to be a pilot. Mr Omrod spoke of the prince’s service: “Harry was on the front line – fighting on the frontline – as a prince. He didn’t have to do that. It could have had devastating effects. “We’re all targets but that’s a much more high profile target. “It’s a very brave decision to go and do that.” William left the military in 2013 to focus on charitable work and conservation issues. He and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge left the Welsh island of Anglesey, where the Duke was serving as a helicopter search-and-rescue pilot. Harry’s military career ended in 2015; he was a Captain when he retired. A year earlier, the Duke of Sussex set up the Invictus Games, as a way of encouraging wounded or sick soldiers and veterans to use sport as a way to aid their rehabilitation. Initially, sport was not a part of Mr Omrod’s recovery. However, having seen the "positive impact" the Games had on his friends’ lives and recovery, Mr Omrod decided to give it a shot. “I saw the Invictus Games. I saw the first one in London, I got invited up to the closing ceremony, so I only saw the end of it, but the atmosphere was insane. “And then I saw my friends go to Florida the year after. "A lot of them won medals, which is great, but because I knew them outside of that environment, I saw how much of a positive impact it had on their recovery and their lives. “And then in 2016, I was sat exactly where I am now – in this room, at this desk and I was goal setting for 2017. “And I realised that Christmas Eve 2017 was my 10 year anniversary and so I thought what can I do to celebrate 10 years that I haven’t done before. And it was sport. “So I’d seen these two previous Invictus Games, I saw how positive the impact they had on the guys that were taking part and their families, so I thought, you know what, I’ll give that a shot.” Mr Omrod participated in the 2017 Toronto Games, where he won two silver and two bronze medals. He reapplied for the 2018 Games in Australia, where he won seven medals, four gold.  The veteran was lauded for participating in the 50 metre breaststroke with only a few hours preparation having never swam in the event before. He was awarded the BBC South West Sports Personality of the year Award for 2018 for his participation in the Invictus Games. Speaking about his experience, he said: “I was lucky enough to make the team, I competed the first year in Canada, did ok, didn’t do as well as I wanted to, so went back in Australia – righted some wrongs, dropped the mic and walked of into the sunset.” The fifth Invictus Games will take place from April 16 - 22.  Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle will be in attendance.