Prince Harry's comments regarding the Queen's top team during a recent interview with a US TV outlet were triggering for royal aides, according to Ms Nikkhah. In his interview with NBC's Today show, the Duke expressed a desire to make sure his grandmother the Queen was "protected" and had "the right people around her." Roya Nikkhah told True Royalty TV's The Royal Beat: "That comment was quite triggering for the rest of his family, who are around the Queen all the time and I'm sure who the Queen does confide in quite a lot." "There is no doubting that those two [the Queen and Prince Harry] have an incredibly special, close relationship," she continued. "But I think to say to an American network, knowing these comments are going to go around the world, and come right back at your family, that the Queen tells Harry things that she feels she cannot tell any other member of her family who see her much more regularly. "It just felt quite incendiary," added Ms Nikkah. In his interview with NBC's Today show the Duke of Sussex appeared to issue a veiled warning to those closest to the Queen saying he wanted to make sure his grandmother was "protected" and had "the right people around her". The duke did not elaborate on whether he was referring to royal aides or members of his own family, but his comments are likely to have deepened his rift with his father the Prince of Wales and his brother and perplexed palace officials. Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth on the Royal Roundup earlier this week, royal expert Richard Palmer said: "To me, the most significant thing was he had a go at people around the Queen. "He said he wanted to come back to ensure that she was being protected and have the right people around her.  "I think that's provoked a lot of comments, my understanding is that the feeling inside the royal household was that that was a calculated dig at some of the Queen's senior advisers. "He hadn't really been asked about it, he just sort of dropped it into the conversation as far as I can remember." He continued: "I think there's a lot of bitterness from Harry and Meghan still about the way that their exit was handled. "They really wanted a half in half out approach, Queen wasn't having that. DON'T MISS: House engulfed by greenery 'forces' neighbour to build new wall [REVEALED] Dr Shola fumes at St George's Day [REPORT] Dr Chris explains how you could have Covid-19 for two years [LATEST] "I think that's provoked a lot of comments, my understanding is that the feeling inside the royal household was that that was a calculated dig at some of the Queen's senior advisers. "He hadn't really been asked about it, he just sort of dropped it into the conversation as far as I can remember." "So that was to me the most significant thing. "But then the other thing, of course, was that he was asked whether he was missing his father and his brother - he just completely sidestep that question." The royal expert continued: "Now I have to say, William was asked about this whole thing, I think it was at the Ukrainian engagement, and, again, sidestepped it. "You could say didn't face the same sort of grilling from the media afterwards that Harry did, but I mean, I do think it was it was significant that if they really were mending fences, I think it would have been easy to say, yes, I love my brother and I love my father, and I'm looking forward to seeing them soon."