Consumers are being hammered by the double-whammy of seven percent inflation and rising energy bills which are set to see costs rise by £693 annually. In light of this, many people are looking for easy, cost-saving measures to reduce their household spending and beat the continuing energy bills crisis. In a recent survey carried out by Drench.co.uk of bathroom routines, the average Briton was found to spend £236.80 a year to shower. Furthermore, the research found it costs an average of 83p to have a bath so doing this every day amounts to £302.95 per year Dominic Lees-Bell, a bathroom expert at Drench.co.uk, shared how making some “adjustments” to existing habits can reduce the average household utility bill. Mr Lees-Bell said: “Whilst we don’t want you to stop enjoying your downtime in the shower or bath, we can all make a difference with a few adjustments. “We’ve revealed some helpful tips to cut down on water in the bathroom, which benefits the planet and your pockets with savings of up to £303.”  READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  One such tip includes replacing existing shower heads with water-savings appliances which have been proven to be cost-effective. The bathroom expert added: “Aerator shower heads combine water with air, creating larger droplets of water and giving the feeling of more water than there is. “These showerheads use up to 50 percent less water, so you can cut your showering costs in half and save a nice £118 over a year.” Through Drench’s polling, it was found that the average person spends around eight minutes in the shower which can be reduced to further bring down bills.  “The average person spends eight minutes in the shower, using 62 litres,” Mr Lees-Bell explained. “However, did you know by just cutting down your showering time by three minutes you could save 23 litres of water? Over a year you could save £88 in water and energy bills. “Not sure how to cut down your showering time to five minutes? Well, a good way to keep track of time is by creating a five-minute playlist. “Of course, you could set yourself a timer, but who doesn’t love a good sing in the shower? “It’s also a good idea to have your bathroom organised and ready to go, so you’re not wasting time looking for your toiletries.” Similarly, cutting down the amount of water used when saving can also reduce peoples’ utility costs. He added: “It takes about two minutes to shave and, in that time, you would have wasted 15.6 litres of water. “Why not turn the shower off whilst you shave and save £59 annually in water and energy bills? “You could use a bucket, jug or any type of container and place it in the shower to collect water. Then, when you turn off the shower to shave, use your collected water to rinse your razor.” Furthermore, Drench found almost £40 a year can be saved by doing this one task while waiting on water to heat up. “In some households, it can take as long as a minute before your water turns hot. If you don’t have the plug in, you could waste as much as 10 litres of water. “So, rather than waiting for your water to turn hot and letting all that water (and money!) go down the drain. Keep your drain plugged and adjust the temperature whilst the bath runs, saving you £37.95 annually.”