The Chase star Anne Hegerty has revealed the inspiration behind her role as The Governess on the popular ITV quiz show. The quizzer, 63, has played the formidable role of The Governess on the show since 2010 but has now opened up on where she gets her inspiration for the part. The ITV personality told how she modelled herself on certain family members, despite not entirely getting on with them. The star made the remarks at an event celebrating International Women's Day last month. Anne revealed: "On my mother’s side, I come from a very feminist family." She went on to explain how her relatives were involved in campaigning for women's rights. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show She said: "My great grandmother campaigned for votes for women before the Suffragette movement. "Two of their daughters went to university, my great aunt became a doctor and my grandmother studied history." Anne revealed that she took inspiration from her close relatives for her ITV character. "I didn’t get on at all well with my grandmother but I sort of channel her a bit for The Governess," she added. Anne also said that she didn't get one with one of her aunts. She went on to explain how it resulted in her drawing inspiration from them to use in her role as The Governess, she told The Sun. Anne is one of six Chasers on the ITV quiz programme. She stars alongside Shaun Wallace, Mark Labbett, Jenny Ryan, Paul Sinha and Darragh Ennis. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] Elsewhere, Anne confirmed that she was forced to pull out of filming for Beat the Chasers after having tested positive for Covid. In an announcement on Twitter last month, Anne reassured her 161,200 followers that she felt okay and revealed who would be stepping in to take her place. Anne wrote: "Unfortunately I’ve contracted Covid-19 so won’t be filming this series of #BeatTheChasers. "The fantastic @Issa25 will be stepping in for me and I’m looking forward to watching the series when it’s on air later this year. "I feel fine, but I'm still positive! (in all respects)" she added. (sic) The star explained that she tested positive after initially thinking that she was just suffering from a cold. Responding to a fan, Anne wrote: "Yes, I too had swerved it for two years, assumed it was just a cold, did an LFT to be on the safe side..." (sic) The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.