Prince Harry's interview with NBC News' TODAY aired on Wednesday and the Duke touched on several subjects - including his visit to see the Queen in Windsor last week with his wife Meghan Markle. Harry also discussed the Invictus Games and his current living arrangements in California. Harry and Meghan have lived across the pond since they left their senior royal roles behind in early 2020. In the TODAY interview, Harry noted how he is making sure the Queen, whose 96th birthday is on Thursday, is "protected" and has the "right people around her". He said of their meeting last week: "Being with her, it was great, it was just so nice to see her, she's on great form. "She's always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure that she's protected and got the right people around her." He added: "Both Meghan and I had tea with her, so it was really nice to catch up with her." READ MORE: 'What happened to 'just Harry!?' Royal fans left fuming  Harry and Meghan now reside in a sprawling mansion near Montecito in California, the state Meghan hails from, with their two children Archie and Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor. But while Harry suggested he had been "welcomed with open arms" to America, he also suggested it is his home "for the time being", perhaps hinting a move could be possible in the future. Harry said: "Home for me now, for the time being, is in the States and it feels that way. "We've been welcomed with open arms and have such a great community up in Santa Barbara."  Many have wondered if Harry could ever return to the UK, on a part-time or full-time basis, as his visits have not been frequent since the pandemic began. Harry returned for Prince Philip's funeral in April 2021, and he also attended a joint engagement with Prince William in July 2021 to unveil a statue of their late mother Princess Diana on what would have been her 60th birthday. But Meghan's visit to see the Queen last week was her first since stepping down as a senior royal as she was heavily pregnant at the time of Philip's funeral last year, and the Sussexes' daughter Lilibet has yet to meet the Queen and other Royal Family members in the UK. A visit to the UK appears to be on Harry's mind, however, as the Duke is pursuing legal action against the Home Office over his security arrangements here.  DON'T MISS:Kate and Princess Anne join forces as they step up to represent Queen [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry should NOT attend Platinum Jubilee – POLL [POLL]Prince Harry 'spent years waiting for his turn' for Diana's help [ANALYSIS] Harry is bringing a claim against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the same degree of personal protective security when visiting from the US, despite offering to pay for it himself. The Duke wants to bring his children to visit, but he and his family are "unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous, his legal representative has said. Harry and Meghan have also kept Frogmore Cottage in Windsor as their UK residence, suggesting they wish to return to Harry's home country at some point. But at the moment it is thought Frogmore Cottage is being used by Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank and their baby son August. 