Paul A. Young appears on the likes of Saturday Kitchen and This Morning, usually sharing his mouthwatering chocolate recipe. Paul said: "This is a stunning table centerpiece that looks as though you have spent days working on it but it's so easy and it will impress. A tall moist chocolate cake layered with chocolate icing and topped with colorful hand-finished easter eggs." The cake serves eight and you'll need a six-inch loose bottom cake tin. The chef, who is paring up with Bailey's, shared his perfect chocolate cake baking tips too. He told Express.co.uk: Never open the oven part way through the bake. Line the cake tin with baking paper every time and allow the cake to cool for 15 minutes minimum before turning it out of the cake tin. "Use real chocolate, as well as cocoa powder, in your chocolate cakes whenever possible and for the butter cream filling use cool but melted chocolate by beating it into the sugar and butter for a really chocolatey filling." Ingredients For the chocolate cake: Method: Combine dry ingredients in a mixer, butter, flour, cocoa powder, bicarbonate of soda and sugar to form bread crumb. (not the salt) Combine the wet ingredients, whisk and add salt to the liquid. Mix the dry mixture with the wet mixture and whisk until smooth. Line your cake tin on the bottom and sides with baking paper. Fill the tin to the very top. Bake at 175 degrees c for 45 to 50 mins checking with a skewer until its clean when plunged into the cake and pulled out. Remove from the tin immediately, taking care as it will be very hot and place on a cooling wire. Using the same baking paper bake the remaining cake mix as before. Allow the cake to become completely cold then refrigerate for two hours. READ MORE: James Martin shares easy Welsh rarebit recipe for an Easter weekend treat For the chocolate buttercream: Method: Place the butter into a mixer with the paddle attachment and whip the butter until smooth. Add half the icing sugar and evaporated milk and beat the two together until very fluffy. This takes about 2 to three minutes on high speed, but do start on a slow speed to avoid a cloud of icing sugar. Add the remaining icing sugar and beat for 3 minutes on high. Add the melted chocolate mixing until its fully mixed through. To build the cake: Slice the tops off each cake to level. Slice the tallest of the cakes into 3 layers and the smaller into two. DON'T MISSMary Berry shares flavoursome hot cross bun recipe [BAKING] John Torode's delicious molten chocolate bombe with Creme Egg filling [RECIPE] How to make Easter egg nest cakes [FOOD] Stick the base layer onto a cake board or cake stand with butter cream. Then spoon the same amount of butter cream onto each layer and smooth out to the edges with a pallet knife leaving enough for the sides. Carefully stack the cakes on top of each other making sure it's a level tower of cake. Place the cake in the fridge to set for 30 minutes. Remove from the fridge and spread the remaining buttercream around the cake...do not worry about this being smooth or particularly even. For the decoration: You will need shop bought easter eggs of different sizes, one larger then five smaller eggs of different sizes and some mini eggs. 100g melted chocolate Colorful sprinkles of your choice. Method: Melt your chocolate in a small bowl over a pan of hot water. Take care not to allow the water to boil as this will burn your chocolate. Once melted place aside to cool for 15 minutes stirring occasionally. Paint some of the chocolate from the top of each chocolate egg with downward brushstrokes and sprinkle with your colourful sprinkles. Allow to set them position your eggs on top of the cake biggest first then the smaller ones with some around the base of the cake. Serve at room temperature