 All four accounts calculate the interest daily and customers can choose whether to receive it monthly or annually. Additionally, all the accounts can be completely opened and managed online.   This account offers either 2.20 percent gross annual interest or 2.18 percent gross monthly interest. These rates are fixed for the five year term, with interest being guaranteed so long as a deposit is made into the account within 14 days of opening it. Additionally, if interest rates increase by the time a saver puts their first deposit in they will automatically receive the higher rate. If the interest rates have increased by the time the first deposit is received, the saver will automatically receive the higher rate. READ MORE: PIP claim: The full list of freebies and discounts available from DWP - worth thousands     This account provides 2.10 percent gross annual interest or 2.08 percent gross monthly interest. The interest can be paid into:  The three year fixed account provides two percent gross annual interest or 1.98 percent gross monthly interest. The two year fixed rate account offers 1.95 percent gross annual interest or 1.93 percent gross monthly interest.  The interest is calculated daily and savers can choose between the annual or monthly interest payments. As the term is fixed, Aldermore cannot change the interest rate until the account matures but savers can also not make deposits 14 days after the account is opened or withdrawals during the term. To be eligible for the accounts, savers must be over the age of 18, resident in the UK and only tax resident in the UK. The minimum deposit for these accounts is £1,000, with the maximum being £1million.  Once the account is opened, savers only have 14 calendar days to make deposits, after which no more deposits are allowed. No withdrawals can be made from these accounts until the maturity date. When the accounts mature, Aldermore will contact the account holders 21 days before the maturity date, giving them a chance to detail their maturity instructions. If Britons do not advise what Aldermore should do at least two days before the account matures it will roll into another similar fixed rate account.