The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge had the chance to watch the long-delayed and much-anticipated Top Gun: Maverick film, which was pushed back multiple times due to the coronavirus pandemic. The couple, alongside another three royals and some "trusted friends", were called to a London cinema for the occasion by the Hollywood actor, who, according to insiders, personally greeted the group. The source said: "It's a very unlikely movie premiere, but Tom made the offer after learning William is a fan. They happily accepted. Let's face it, guests don't get much more A-list! "The rest of the cinema was shut to ensure privacy and William, Kate and a few other members of the Royal Family — plus a couple of very trusted friends — were the first to see it. "Tom welcomed them and said he hoped they'd enjoy watching it as much as he'd enjoyed making it, and left them to it." READ MORE: Top Gun 2: Maverick trailer details emotional death scene for Val Kilmer's Iceman The follow-up to the 1980s hit, from Paramount and Skydance, symbolises the struggles brought to the industry by the health crisis. Its release was initially planned for July 2019 but was first moved to June 2020 to "allow the production to work out all the complex flight sequences". Then, forced by Covid, it got pushed to December 2020, July 2021, November 2021, and finally to its current release at the Cannes Film Festival next month. Organisers of the festival confirmed on Friday, April 1: "Tom Cruise will be in attendance in Cannes on May 18, 2022 for the screening of Top Gun: Maverick, scheduled for release on May 25 in France and May 27 in the US. "The festival will also pay a special tribute to Tom Cruise for his career." The original Top Gun film, which was the highest-grossing film of 1986 and sold 47m cinema tickets in America alone, launched the actor to stardom. DON'T MISSBeatrice's 'risky gesture' to Andrew and Queen labelled 'shocking' [LIVE]William to take ‘reactionary and agile’ approach when he is King [ANALYSIS]Harry and Meghan have 'backed themselves into a corner' [INSIGHT] It features a young Mr Cruise as rule-breaking student Mitchell (aka Maverick) in the Top Gun Naval Fighter Weapons School alongside a more mature Nick Goose Bradshaw, played by Anthony Edwards. The new film sees Miles Teller as Goose's son Rooster, who is following in Goose's footsteps under the teachings of Maverick. Directed by Joseph Kosinski with a screenplay by Ehren Kruger, Eric Warren Singer and Christopher McQuarrie, it is thought Prince William is a fan of the sequel.