Leeds United midfielder Kalvin Phillips has emerged as a transfer target for Manchester United after Erik ten Hag took another step towards becoming the club’s next manager. United are preparing for a major overhaul in the summer and it seems as though Ten Hag will be the man to oversee it – and Phillips could be one of his new players.     Ten Hag has agreed terms with United, according to multiple reports, and is set to be move from Ajax to Old Trafford in June on a long-term contract. ESPN have reported that United’s recruitment department are already putting together a shortlist of players to present to the 52-year-old and Manchester Evening News claim work on a deal for Phillips is underway. It is claimed that Declan Rice had been top of United's shortlist but West Ham's steep £150million valuation means he is out of the club's reach. Phillips, who has been linked with a move to United before, is deemed to be a much more achievable target at around £60m. Phillips is now working under Jesse Marsch at Elland Road, but the vast majority of his development at the Yorkshire club came under the watchful eye of Marcelo Bielsa. In an interview with GQ in May 2021, the 26-year-old sang Bielsa’s praises before comparing him to two other modern day managers. JUST IN: Arsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer  “His desire, his dedication to the football, it’s beyond anyone that I’ve ever read about or met,” he said. “And I think the only few people that I’ve heard that are close to him are obviously Pep [Guardiola] at [Manchester] City and [Mauricio] Pochettino, who’s now at PSG. I was speaking to Eric Dier and Harry Winks, because I was on the bench for our last game against Tottenham, and Harry was saying that Pochettino is exactly the same.” Pochettino was also on United’s shortlist to replace Ralf Rangnick in the summer, but like Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui, he is believed to have been beaten to the role by Ten Hag. So if Phillips does move to United this summer, he won’t get the chance to work under a manager known for being nearly as intense as Bielsa. The potential transfer also opens up a whole can of worms surrounding the rivalry between Leeds and Manchester United. Phillips was born in Leeds and joined the club’s academy as a 14-year-old – a move could open up old wounds in his family. DON'T MISS Man Utd keeping a close eye on Chelsea for 'unexpected opportunities' Ferdinand tells Man Utd to copy Arsenal approach and back Ten Hag Ten Hag 'in talks' with German side as Man Utd announcement 'delayed'  Speaking to Hylo Athletics on Instagram ahead of a clash between the two sides in September, Leeds striker Patrick Bamford revealed that the Phillips family “hate” United. “Kalvin’s one of them [who know what the game means],” he said. “All his family hate United and they’re probably rooting for him and they’re probably telling him to say ‘make sure you tell the lads how big and crucial this game is'.”  Another question is how Phillips would fit in under Ten Hag at Old Trafford. United are poised to overhaul their squad, with Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani among those out of contract on July 1. There is also plenty of uncertainty surrounding the likes of Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial and Donny van de Beek. Ten Hag’s arrival would be good news for Van de Beek, who could be brought back in from the cold on loan at Everton, given he played under the Dutchman at Ajax. Phillips is a more defensively-minded midfielder, meaning he would more likely be competing for a place in the side with Scott McTominay and Fred. Whatever happens, it is certain that United are braced for a crucially important summer. Phillips could be one of many jigsaw pieces the club attempts to put together. 