It comes just months after the Duke paid a financial settlement to Virginia Giuffre ending a civil sex case brought against him in the US. Last Tuesday, Andrew played an unexpectedly prominent role escorting the Queen to Prince Philip's memorial service. It has now been reported that the royal is in line to chaperone her again to the races this June. A source told the Sun: “He was meant to stay invisible during the Platinum Jubilee so there is no way he will be at events like Trooping the Colour. “But the Queen needs a chaperone on all occasions at the moment due to her mobility issues and Andrew has earmarked the Derby as the one he will accompany her at.  “He just doesn’t seem to understand the public outcry.” It comes after Andrew was stripped of his military titles and royal patronages earlier this year, causing his role in the royal family to come into question. The settlement to Virginia Giuffre, understood to be £12million, was paid two months after he handed back his royal titles to the Queen. Andrew's settlement was not an admission of guilt over the claims, which he has repeatedly denied. READ MORE: Kate to be handed solo overseas trips in new look role Despite widespread condemnation of the Duke, he still accompanied the Queen to Prince Philip's memorial service at Westminster Abbey on Tuesday. Prince Charles and Prince William are believed to have repeatedly expressed their concerns over Andrew's prominent role at the service. But the Queen is understood to have disregarded the concerns and had her son escort her into the service anyway. Charles and William were left “shocked” and dismayed” as Andrew emerged front and centre, according to royal sources. DON'T MISS:Charles 'feels forgotten' after William's bold royal blueprint plan [INSIGHT]William and Harry's 'unbreakable bond' to bring brothers together [ANALYSIS]UK republic: Could Commonwealth republics lead UK to reject the Queen? [COMMENT] A source close to the Palace told the Mirror: "[Andrew] was straight out the blocks in front of the cameras when the Duke of Edinburgh died, which was seen within the family as being completely inappropriate. “Now this situation has unfolded, a fair few hold the view that he is manipulating his position for his own gains." Royal expert Katie Nicholl said: "This was the Queen's way of showing two things; one, that the buck stops with her, and she makes the decisions, and secondly that she believes he's innocent. She made the point very, very clearly". 