Benfica forward and reported Manchester United target Darwin Nunez would be open to the idea of joining a Premier League club in the summer transfer window, according to reports. Nunez has emerged as one of Europe's hottest talents over the course of this season after chipping in with 31 goals in all competitions since the beginning of the campaign. United are said to be one of several clubs with an interest in landing the 22-year-old, who remains tied down to Benfica until the summer of 2025 after penning a long-term deal upon his arrival from Almeria back in 2020. It seems as though Nunez could be willing to entertain the idea of moving to Old Trafford over the coming months, though, with transfer expert Dean Jones having claimed that his entourage are weighing up the possibility of a Premier League switch in the near future."He and his representatives are definitely open to the idea of landing in the Premier League," Jones told GiveMeSport. "Of course they are, it’s the most lucrative league in the world."It’s the highest level you can play at at the moment, in terms of domestic football, and Manchester United are definitely aware of his situation and are considering it if they do sign a striker." JUST IN: Man City duo out of Liverpool FA Cup tie in blow to Pep Guardiola United are believed to be keen on adding to their forward ranks in the summer months, with Edinson Cavani set to leave the club as a free agent upon the expiry of his contract. Meanwhile, there are separate questions over the future of Cristiano Ronaldo, who will reportedly consider a move elsewhere if the Red Devils fail to qualify for next season's Champions League.It remains to be seen whether United will eventually go for Nunez, who has also been linked with the likes of Tottenham and Liverpool in recent weeks. He recently played down talk of an imminent switch by insisting that he remains fully focused on Benfica despite acknowledging Jurgen Klopp's kind words after his productive showing at Anfield in the Champions League earlier this week. "What the Liverpool coach said, as well as our coach, I take it as a compliment, but my mind is on Benfica," Nunez told TVI. "Until the season is over, I won't say anything, and I'll leave everything for this shirt."My job is to continue like this, to take advantage of this luck that is happening to me. Last year I didn't play at all, but this year I'm having an incredible season. I have to continue like this, and there is also a lot of merit from my colleagues." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here