Warning: The article contains spoilers for the final episode of Peaky Blinders. Peaky Blinders producers have confirmed a movie of the hit series will be coming up, and the series wrapped up loose ends to pave the way for a feature film. The concluding episode of the BBC drama saw protagonist Tommy Shelby's (played by Cillian Murphy) fate sealed as a twist meant he survived. Finn Shelby (Harry Kirton) didn't make too many appearances in the final episodes, but in the finale he kicked out of the family. Why was Finn Shelby kicked out of the family? Finn was around in the first episode of season six attending Polly Shelby's (Helen McCrory) funeral. Other than more similar brief appearances though, his character fell into irrelevance after he was ostracised from the Shelby clan. In season five, Finn had transformed into a fully-fledged Blinder, but he unveiled his incompetence when he passed on information about Tommy's plan to assassinate Oswald Moseley (Sam Claflin). He told the plans to Billy Grade (Emmett J Scanlan), who passed on the plan to Captain Swing (Charlene McKenna) and the IRA. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... Following this, Finn was deemed a traitor in the ranks and as a result was largely absent from future family plans. In the final episode, Finn was kept in the dark about Tommy's plans for his manor home and was shaken when Duke Shelby (Conrad Khan) announced he had to kill Billy. Finn took the gun from Duke and pointed it at Billy but at the last moment aimed it at Duke. When he fired a shot it was empty, and Duke took it back explaining: "Charlie Strong told me, 'When you give Finn the gun, make sure the first two chambers are empty.' Good old uncle Charlie." Billy went to attack Duke but the newcomer shot the traitor before telling Finn he was no longer a Shelby by order of the Peaky Blinders. Meanwhile, the highly-anticipated final instalment saw Tommy preparing for his inevitable death. He put his affairs in order and went as far as blowing up his house so new homes could be created in its place. He said his goodbyes and handed everything over to Ada Thorne (Sophie Rundle), planning to see out his final moments alone. DON'T MISS... Peaky Blinders' Finn Cole 'heartbroken' over end of BBC series [LATEST]Michaela Strachan first husband: Who was TV presenter married to? [LATEST]Ralf Little slaps down ‘easy’ Death in Paradise role comments [VIDEO] However, in a final twist, his late daughter Ruby Shelby (Orla McDonagh) appeared in a vision to give him a message. She informed him his diagnosis of tuberculoma was a ruse executed by Mosley. Ruby encouraged her father to go to the campfire and he learned the truth about the scam. In the final scene, Tommy fled on horseback to start a new life for himself. Elsewhere, Tommy's enemy Michael Gray (Finn Cole) vowed to kill Tommy, and the previous instalments in season six saw him plotting to kill the important Shelby. His plan to kill Tommy using a car bomb was thwarted after the job was carried out incorrectly and Johnny Dogs intercepted the explosive. Tommy ended up shooting Michael and ending Polly's prophecy about an upcoming war. Fans of the show also took to social media to praise the concluding episode and the official BBC Twitter account also posted: "Thanks for watching #PeakyBlinders. "Thank you to all the incredible fans who have been a part of the journey over the last ten years. We couldn’t have done it without your support. Now we Peaky Blinders rest." Many tweeted their support for the show and their enjoyment of the final twists. Peaky Blinders is available to watch on BBC iPlayer and Netflix.