TalkTV launched on Monday, April 25 and kicked off with a bang with Piers Morgan returning to TV screens and interviewing former American president Donald Trump. For the second day running, the new political channel had a world exclusive in the form of British Prime Minister Boris Johnson who joined Tom to discuss an array of tough and difficult topics. However, when Dunn began to probe the PM over the cost of living crisis, Johnson shut down his request and pointed out that he "wasn't in the cabinet" After speaking about the current war between Ukraine and Russia, Dunn went on to discuss the cost of living crisis and how people are going to manage. He began: "It is really concerning for people today, the chancellor has taken some action to help on energy bills and petrol prices. "You did ask your cabinet this morning, though, and I am going to quote this back to you, 'To double down, to ease pressures on household finances'. "Prime Minister, people are suffering now, why are you casting around for ideas, why don't you implement them?READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy "Has anyone got any ideas, that is what you said to cabinet this morning?" Johnson fired back: "With great respect, Tom, you're a very distinguished broadcaster, and you weren't in the cabinet this morning, so you didn't hear. "What we are doing is making sure we are doing everything in our power to help people with the pressures on their family budgets. "The number one pressure at the moment is the spike in energy prices, it is a global phenomenon, it is driven by all sorts of problems such as global supply chains. "It has been made worse by what is happening in Ukraine, you can see the huge increase in the price of oil. "And that is hitting everybody, it is hitting families up, and down the country, we are helping people by cutting council tax. "By making sure that we support people who are facing particular hardship, putting more money into local councils, to give them the funds that they need." Dunn interrupted and stated: "I want to speak about some new things, Boris. Childcare, you want to help on childcare. "And I also understand that you want to do that by easing some health and safety rules, so by making childcare cheaper?" Johnson explained: "The truth is that we have a lot of tax-free childcare already, provided for but not enough people take it up..." Dunn interjected once again and clarified: "But you want to change health and safety rules?" "We will look at that," Johnson slammed. "We will look at all sorts of things," but before he had time to explain, Dunn wanted his say. "You don't want to go there," the TalkTV host interjected with Johnson clarifying: "No, I didn't say that, I want people to realise that a lot of people have the potential to get tax free childcare, but they are not taking it up. "We want to advertise more and make sure more people do." As the conversation came to an end, Dunn wanted to ask Johnson about partygate and whether he will be receiving any more fixed penalty notice. Johnson declined to comment and swerved around the question anyway he could, making Dunn push him further for an answer. TalkTV airs weekdays from 7pm.