Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is hailed for its uses cleaning around the home as an alternative to a chemical cleaner. According to cleaning experts from Real Simple, bicarbonate of soda can even be used to give your oven an "overnight" clean. Baking soda often works well to clean due to its high pH, making it alkaline, and works to dissolve organic compounds such as dirt and grease. The mineral structure of baking soda then works as a gentle abrasive to clean tough build-ups without leaving scratches. Architectural Digest recommends using baking soda combined with water to create a paste, stating: "It’s safe, natural, and gets the job done." Though you can leave this solution for as little as two hours for fast results, Real Simple's team of experts say "it's a great way to clean an oven overnight". According to Architectural Digest, it is best practice to leave the baking soda and vinegar solution to work its magic overnight. READ MORE:Kate & William prepping move to Windsor - inside £2.5m Frogmore House For this cleaning hack, you will need baking soda, water, white vinegar, a spray bottle, rubber gloves and a cleaning rag or cloth. To begin, remove all of the oven racks from the oven and set them aside to be washed in the sink. Mix half a cup of baking soda and half a cup of water together until it makes a spreadable paste. Make sure there is enough paste to cover the entire inside of your oven with. Next, spread the paste all over the interior of your oven. At this stage, it is a good idea to wear rubber gloves to protect your hands. DON'T MISSMould: Best houseplants to get rid of mould in your bathroom [REVEALED]Phil Spencer shares best way to add value to your home - ‘biggest win’ [COMMENT]Cheap cleaning guide for toilets - scrub them 'at least once a week' [EXPLAINER] Do not apply the paste to any heating elements, but do focus on greasy spots on the walls of your oven. The paste will likely turn brown in colour as it absorbs grease. Once the inside of your oven is entirely coated, leave it to work. Architectural Digest recommends letting it sit "for at least 12 hours". Then turn your attention to the oven racks. Let them soak in hot water for two hours, then scrub with dish soap and rinse. After your paste has had adequate time to work, use a damp rag to wipe off as much of the paste and leftover residue as possible. You can also use a spatula to loosen hard-to-remove residue. Next, add white vinegar into a spray bottle and spritz the interior of your oven. According to Architectural Digest: "White vinegar is an excellent cleaning agent. It will cause any residual baking soda paste to foam up and loosen completely." Finally, wipe down the oven using a clean rag and return the racks. For a full clean, be sure to tackle the oven door, as well as wipe down any exterior features.