The miracle of the resurrection, described in the Bible, is the Christian belief that God raised Jesus on the third day after his crucifixion on Good Friday. The Bible tells how Jesus fell while carrying the cross to his own crucifixion up to Calvary, in Jerusalem. It adds that, after Jesus' death, a Roman soldier pierced Jesus’ side with a spear, prompting blood and water to spurt out. Now, for the first time ever, a doctor-turned-priest has written a scientific paper explaining exactly what happened. The Reverend Professor Patrick Pullicino, a former consultant neurologist at East Kent Universities Hospitals NHS Trust, has published his theory in the latest edition of Catholic Medical Quarterly (CMQ). He believes Jesus died of fatal bleeding caused by a dislocated shoulder from carrying the cross. It comes after he analysed work conducted by forensic and medical experts on the Shroud of Turin, also known as the Holy Shroud. Rev Prof Pullicino claims that the image on the shroud depicts a man with a dislocated shoulder. But he believes that the shoulder was pulled too far out of its socket that the right-hand stretches 10cm lower than the left. When stretched out for crucifixion, he claims that this would have caused a pair of arteries that supply blood to the head, neck, shoulder and arms to rupture. This, he adds, would have caused massive internal bleeding, the collapse of the circulatory system and, eventually, death. This new theory, he argues, provides "true evidence" to why blood poured out of Jesus when he was pierced by the centurion. READ MORE: Bizarre 22m-wide ‘portal to hell’ opens up in Californian lake – leaving locals baffled Rev Prof Pullicino believes that Jesus sustained the injured arm being trapped under the T-shaped cross he was forced to carry. He adds that the abrasion of the Turin Shroud supports the theory that the cross was shifted from his right to his left side, possibly because due to his inability to use his dislocated arm. He told the Telegraph: “Because of this right arm stretching, the right subclavian/axillary artery was also subjected to stretch, as it was one of the only remaining intact structures connecting the body and the right arm. “Transferring of body weight to the arms in inspiration is likely to have caused further stretching of the right subclavian artery. DON'T MISS Japan tipped to join AUKUS as hypersonic missile deal to terrify Putin [REVEAL] Solar storm warning: 'Radiation risk' as 'major' event rocks Earth [REPORT] Putin promise to use 'weapons of unprecedented characteristics' [INSIGHT] "Transferring weight to the legs in exhalation would reverse this stretch. “This would cause the stretched subclavian artery to move across the rib surface with each breath and its underside would be subject to friction. “This paper postulates that over the course of three hours, the subclavian artery became abraded, injured and its wall attenuated until finally the artery ruptured and profuse bleeding ensued.” Regarding the water, Rev Prof Pullicino argues that it is cerebrospinal fluid, which has a translucent appearance, and that it had leaked up towards Jesus’s upper lung.