The Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) is reminding drivers to tax their cars as soon as they can to avoid having their cars clamped or towed. Alongside automated enforcement penalties for registered keepers of untaxed vehicles, enforcement teams and wheel clamping partners have been travelling around the country taking action against untaxed vehicles. Untaxed vehicles are identified using Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) technology, as well as DVLA vehicle records. The DVLA has been running the “tax it, don’t risk it” scheme, highlighting that vehicles are “hard to hide but easy to tax”. Vehicles can be lifted with their owners' property still inside, with enforcement officers seeing lunch boxes, personal effects and even a violin inside the car during a recent day of action. Paul Davies, DVLA’s National Wheelclamping & ANPR Manager, said the risks of not paying for tax was not worth it. READ MORE: Car tax changes needed as drivers look to avoid cost of fuel duty loss Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “Once a vehicle is clamped and in the pound, it is expensive to get out. “Only last week, two individuals came to pick their vehicles up and ended up paying in the region of £400 or £500. “They probably could have taxed it in the region of £150 or £200, so it’s bizarre. “People can forget and people do have busy lives so they will sometimes let it slip, but when it is clamped and everything, it is an expensive way to run your car.” DON'T MISSDrivers should avoid turning right to save on petrol and diesel costs [INSIGHT]Clean Air Zones hammering drivers with expensive costs -'out of touch' [SHOCKING]Drivers warned to expect 'avalanche' of fines under new council laws [WARNING] Over 98 percent do tax their vehicle correctly and on time, prompting the DVLA to target the small minority of motorists who are not compliant. Unsurprisingly, London saw the highest number of total enforcement actions in 2021, with 97,013. This includes fines, penalty charge notices and clamping vehicles. Birmingham came in second place with 52,073 followed by Manchester with 28,703 enforcement actions. Mr Davies continued, adding: “People in bigger cities do have busy lives, but its also very hard to hide a vehicle in a city, which is why we focus on some of these areas to pick these vehicles up. “It’s also where some of our pounds are located so that makes it just as important. “I think it's really important that we highlight the risks of not taxing your vehicle, especially when our online services are open 24/7. “It’s quite straightforward, you can do it from your mobile. We’ve also got direct debit so you can spread the cost. “It will auto renew for you so you don't have to worry about it if you've got everything up to date. “It’s still important that we do it though. It is the law and we need to remind people that they still need to tax their vehicle and pay for it." DVLA Chief Executive Julie Lennard also highlighted the need for the campaign, saying:  “This campaign has a clear message for anyone that delays or avoids taxing their vehicle. “It really has never been easier to tax a vehicle, from using our 24/7 online service to direct debit options. “We want motorists to understand that it’s not worth taking a risk and always tax their vehicles on time”.