Princess Anne opened a new carbon neutral facility at the Defence Animal Training Regiment this week, the Government’s Ministry of Defence has announced. The Princess was pictured speaking to the regiment’s staff and stroking the dogs at the establishment. The Defence Animal Training Regiment is responsible for the training, support, and rehoming of all military animals in the British Armed Forces. On Twitter today, the Ministry of Defence stated that Princess Anne had been at the establishment to open a new facility. It said: “The 96 percent self-sustaining training centre is home to roughly 200 working dogs training in protection, explosives searches, and drugs operations.” The caption came with a photo of Anne stroking what appeared to be a black Labrador at the facility. READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Easiest’ way to remove mould from washing machine seals The 71-year-old was glowing in an on-trend outfit of jacket and trousers. She was wearing a navy blue wool jacket with a large silk scarf draped over her shoulders. The scarf was navy blue and decorated in a pattern of different blue hues, with hints of yellow. She paired this with a pair of light brown trousers with a navy blue check pattern. DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton re-wears cream Alexander McQueen coat dress [PICTURES]Weight loss: How to burn 3,000 calories without exercising [EXPERT]Lawn care: ‘Easy’ and natural way to get rid of weeds - 'Just 3 steps' [GUIDE] On her feet were a pair of black brogue-like shoes with a small heel. The Princess had tied her hair back in its signature bun and wore tiny dangling earrings, which seemed to be pearls. Princess Anne's hair has not changed in her 53 years as a working royal, as it is most definitely her favourite style. The Princess Royal's hair has been famously swept up in a beehive style for over five decades, and the fabulous bouffant has become legendary. More recently, the height of the beehive is shorter. Anne has been busy this week as she also visited the Royal College of Midwives and the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists with the Duchess of Cambridge on Wednesday, April 27. The Princess dazzled in a teal coat dress ad matching silk scarf. The coat dress featured a wide collar and had buttons running down its middle. Anne’s scarf was draped over her right shoulder and featured a subtle darker pattern. She carried a black handbag and wore black court shoes. The 71-year-old was joined by Kate Middleton, who glowed in a Self Portrait skirt suit. Kate’s jacket was beige and featured a belt around its middle and a floral pattern on its chest. Her skirt was the same colour and was slightly pleated. She finished off the look with beige suede stiletto heels. While Anne’s hair was pinned up at the top of her head, Kate’s flowed down over her shoulders and had been ironed straight – except for the slightly upturned ends. This was a rare look for the Duchess, as she is usually seen flaunting waves.