Manchester United icon Rio Ferdinand has labelled this season's Liverpool team the Reds' 'best in his time'. In Wednesday's Champions League semi-final first leg, Liverpool cruised to a 2-0 win against Villarreal and are edging closer to an unheard-of quadruple. Pervis Estupinan's 53rd-minute own goal opened the scoring after Villarreal had held off the hosts' attacking onslaught before half-time. Just moments later, Sadio Mane doubled Liverpool's lead and took the tie away from Unai Emery's side. After lifting the Carabao Cup in February, Liverpool are in the FA Cup final, on the brink of another Champions League final and are one Manchester City slip away from clinching the Premier League too. After full-time, Ferdinand hailed Jurgen Klopp's side as the best the club has produced in his lifetime. He told BT Sport: "We all thought they'd get chances, and it's just about being clinical, and they were in the second half. They got the goal, and the tempo changed. They upped the ante; they absolutely suffocated this Villarreal team. This Liverpool team; this is the best Liverpool team I have seen in my time." JUST IN: Man Utd stars sent impassioned Patrice Evra message  No team has been able to match United's treble success in 1999, but Liverpool are going to go close this season. On the Merseyside outfit's chances of surpassing his former club's feat, Ferdinand explained that Klopp's players would be hungry for immortality. "That has got to be the aim for these Liverpool players," Ferdinand added. "There are going to set themselves a target, and if they achieve that, they are immortal and better than anybody that has ever played football in this country, if they achieve that. That has got to be their target, but that is yet to be seen." READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp urged to quit football for politics  Ferdinand also urged Liverpool to fend off complacency heading into the second leg and admitted his confidence that they will. He said: "They have got to make sure that they fend off any type of complacency. They can't allow complacency to creep in anywhere. "Yes, it is 2-0, but you still have an away tie, you have to go over there and give a professional performance, but the one thing that I will say about this team, is that they are a solid bunch, there is a togetherness there and they won't allow that complacency to set in when there are so many important games. That is the only thing that can trip them up now." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.