Voting for the first round of the French presidential election started today. Emmanuel Macron is fighting to retain his presidency after a last-minute surge in popularity for the far right. Marine Le Pen is President Macron’s main rival and will be pitted against the incumbent in a head-to-head run off on April 24. In his five years of presidency, Mr Macron has become an influential figure in European politics. He has made over 150 international trips in his role as president, including six visits to the UK, where Mr Macron has been welcomed by British leaders and royalty. His last visit was in November last year for the United Nations Climate Change Conference, attended by Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. Mr Macron has had previous contact with the Prince of Wales, including a heartfelt letter from the prince following the devastating fire which damaged Notre-Dame in April 2019. READ MORE: Prince Charles will step in for Queen at Maundy Service - Inside the royal tradition However, while the Prince of Wales’ motive was sincere, Twitter users quickly criticised the royal for a supposed ‘mistake’. Within the letter to Mr Macron, Charles repeatedly used the word ending ‘ize’ instead of the more commonly used ‘ise’ for words such as ‘realize’ and ‘agonize’. This is thought to be the American spelling. One user wrote: “Wait what? A British uses 'realize' not realise? Are you an American or the future King?” While the user thought it was a mistake, the prince’s choice of spelling is in fact commonly used by the heir to the throne. Moreover, the use of the letter ‘z’ originates from the 15th century in England rather than the commonly held belief that it is, in fact, an American way of spelling. The letter from the royal read in part: “My wife and I were utterly heartbroken to learn of the terrible fire at Notre-Dame cathedral this evening and wanted to let you know immediately how much we were thinking of yourself and the French people at this most agonizing of times, and of the emergency services who are so bravely tackling the blaze.” At the time, Mr Macron vowed that the damaged parts of the cathedral would be rebuilt to be even more “even more beautiful”. DON'T MISSMeghan Markle compared to Macron's wife Brigitte as both women are 'touchy-feely' [LATEST]'Off-limits!' Kate and William told to be 'very careful' as royals risk social media fury [EXPERT]Emmanuel Macron is technically a prince - but will lose title if he's beaten in election [INSIGHT] The restoration is still under way and is expected to be completed by April 2024. In 2020, Macron travelled to London to commemorate the 80th anniversary of his predecessor Charles de Gaulle’s Appel (his BBC broadcast to occupied France after the Nazi invasion in 1940). He was hosted by Charles and Camilla at their home, Clarence House. He joined Charles for a ceremonial inspection of the Guards of Honour, before heading to a monument of General De Gaulle in central London to lay wreaths and pay their tribute not just to the French resistance but also to the Royal Family's efforts during World War 2. Both Mr Macron and Charles have been outspoken on Russia’s ongoing invasion of Ukraine, which began on February 24. The French President has spoken to his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin a dozen times in a bid to end the conflict. Mr Macron did not confirm his run for re-election until just before the deadline; his focus on the Russia-Ukraine war was said to have been a distraction. Meanwhile, the Prince of Wales openly condemned the actions of Putin and the invasion. 