The former Deputy Labour leader addressed the party’s issue with having a female leader and insisted parliament needed to “deal with this rump of neanderthals” after Angela Rayner was accused of trying to distract Prime Minister Boris Johnson by crossing her legs in the House of Commons. Harman told the Good Morning Britain hosts she also thought the press lobby in parliament should be a 50/50 split of men and women. Addressing if the Labour Party has an issue with female leaders, Harman stated: “It is embarrassing! “We haven’t even had a fully elected leader. Women in the Labour Party are more troublesome to the men, we’re less subversive.” She continued: “Next time we can have a male deputy supporting a woman leader.” However, it won’t be Harman leading the party as she explained why she is stepping down: “My work is done, but the job is not done. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Cain Dingle discovers he's not Faith's son “But there are some absolutely brilliant women on both sides who will take this forward…” One of those who could lead the party is Shadow Deputy Leader Angela Rayner, who was the focus of a misogynistic news article at the weekend. It was claimed Rayner was using “Basic Instinct” techniques to distract the Prime Minister. Reacting to the comments, Harman started: “It brings shame on the House of Commons, it’s an embarrassment at the very least. “It’s a way of undermining senior women in politics.” “It is just an unacceptable thing to say, I see it as a version of upskirting,” Susanna Reid replied. Harman agreed: “It is really seriously creepy. “Angela is very, very tough, but why should women MPs live in a state of eternal vigilance of what am I wearing?” DON'T MISS...GMB viewers ‘repulsed’ by Ed Balls’ dance move as Susanna left horrified [REACTION]Piers Morgan savages 'little weasel' Farage over 'sneaky' Trump plot [VIDEO]GB News' 'world exclusive' Thomas Markle interview slammed by viewers [LATEST] Harman explained to get more women in politics, things have to change in parliament to make it safer and more inclusive. “There will be more women coming in and they will change things, but we’ve got to deal with this rump of neanderthals,” she insisted. “Over the years, all of us who have been subjected to this kind of behaviour have just kept our heads down and thought, ‘I’m just going to try and ignore it and get on with it.’” Harman added she wishes she had raised the issue earlier and spoken up herself. “Absolutely, but you can only do that if there’s more than one or two of you,” Harman shared. “The men are just going to have to get a grip.” She added now there are more women who are being “assertive” over how they are treated, there are some men in parliament who “feel threatened”. Good Morning Britain weekdays from 6am on ITV and ITV Hub