Karl Tulloch, a director at Rightio, told Express.co.uk what happens if homeowners skip boiler services and what the first signs are that a boiler may have a problem. With the cooler months coming to a close in the UK, it can be tempting to shut off the heating and ignore the boiler until autumn. However, if your boiler is due a service, it’s paramount not to wait until later on. Mr Tulloch said boiler services can spot any issues with the appliance and can “prevent them from worsening”. He continued: “A faulty boiler not only consumes more energy, but it also increases the risk of catastrophic failure. “Plus, skipping boiler services increases the chances of carbon monoxide leaks, which can potentially be fatal.” There are several signs that a boiler may have a problem, but some are more common than others, according to the boiler expert. READ MORE: Pink Floyd's David Gilmour lives in Sussex' 2nd most expensive village He said: “Issues with water can occur, such as the temperature repeatedly changing from hot to cold. “Or, despite the tap being turned to the maximum temperature, water might only be warm rather than hot. “Radiators heating unevenly is another sign of a faulty boiler. “They may be cold in one spot, but hot in another.” DON'T MISSKill weeds on driveways and paths with boiling water [INSIGHT]Weeding: How to create an ‘affordable’ weed killer in seconds [UPDATE]Potatoes: ‘Important tip’ when choosing a potato variety to grow [ANALYSIS] However, this can also be a sign that a radiator needs bleeding. Radiators that need bleeding often have cold patches at the top but are warm at the bottom. Bleeding radiators means letting the trapped air inside them escape, allowing hot water to circulate again. If bleeding the radiator doesn’t solve the problem, it’s likely a problem with the boiler. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Mr Tulloch said boilers can also turn themselves off if there is a problem. He said: “While it’s a safety measure, it’s an alert that there is a problem with the appliance. “Something like a frozen condensate pipe can cause this to happen. “Water on the floor under the boiler as well as noises that are louder than usual are also signs of a problem.”  The average cost of a boiler service is £80. Fixing a boiler problem or replacing a boiler could cost hundreds if not thousands more. Rightio are a nationally recognised home maintenance company.