There are two different ways to get rid of weeds in your lawn - manually or with weed killers. Tristan Sissons, Garden Buying Manager at Homebase shared a step-by-step guide to removing weeds from lawn with Express.co.uk, and how to prevent them from reappearing. Tristan said: “A weed puller is easy to use – in just three simple steps you can remove weeds: step on it, pull and eject to remove the unwanted plant by the roots. “This tool makes the job easy by eliminating all digging and bending, reducing strain on your back.” Gardeners can also use a hand weeder to remove any unwanted plants by the roots, such as dandelions. Tristan said: “Grab your gloves and a knee pad, press down into the root with a hand weeder and pull the weed out.” He also shared a top tip: “When manually weeding, avoid digging too deep as you may disturb dormant seeds that could grow into weeds.” READ MORE: DEAL OF THE DAY: Save £140 off 'amazing' outdoor garden bar “If the weeds in your garden are proving resilient, or you don’t feel like getting your garden gloves dirty, opt for a chemical weed killer,” the expert explained. There are two types of weed killers; Selective and Triple Action. Selective Lawn Weedkiller treatments are ideal if gardeners have small areas of weeds in their lawn because they target just the broadleaved weeds, without damaging the surrounding grass. They are available in either a ready-to-use spray or as a liquid concentrate that needs diluting in a watering can or pressure sprayer before use. DON'T MISS...Tomatoes: Monty Don on how to 'maximise quantity' of tomato harvest [VIDEO]Garden pests: How to keep vegetable gardens ‘pest-free’ naturally [GUIDE]Garden jobs to do now: ‘This is time to buy’ garden furniture [ADVICE] Triple Action Lawn Treatments can be used for lawns with weeds all over. Tristan said: “Not only will they target broadleaved weeds in your lawn without damaging the surrounding grass, but they’ll also feed the lawn and kill off any moss. They are available as ready-to-use granules that can be applied by hand – or for faster and more accurate application use a wheeled lawn spreader. Tristain said “it’s best to use on a dry day in spring or autumn”. He also advised: “You should always check the back of the label for instructions of use.” Gardeners should also expect to wait a while for results: “Weeds can take up to several weeks to die. “Allow three to five weeks after using for maximum weed control,” the expert added. Once weeds have been removed from lawns, gardeners should work towards preventing them from reappearing. Tristan said: “To help reduce the number of weeds sprouting up in your lawn, don’t cut your grass too short. “If the grass is cut too closely, seeds on the surface will be exposed to sunlight and could start to grow. “Try mowing more frequently but at a higher setting, so you’re not removing more than a third of the grass blade.”