Manchester City are edging closer to agreeing a blockbuster move to sign Borussia Dortmund superstar Erling Haaland, but there are reportedly still several details to sort out before any deal is finalised. When Haaland originally joined Dortmund back in January 2020, the £63million release clause in his contract was noted by clubs all over Europe. That buyout fee is now active this summer and a host of European clubs have been lining up to prise Haaland away from Signal Iduna Park. Real Madrid and Barcelona had originally been the frontrunners for his signature, but it appears as though Haaland will now be heading to the Premier League. Reports emerged on Monday night that City had made a breakthrough in talks with Haaland and his representatives. And The Athletic now claim the striker has 'given the green light' to join Pep Guardiola's squad this summer. However, the same report adds that any deal is far from being finalised with three details still to be agreed. City have not yet agreed on their payment to Dortmund while the Premier League leaders will also need to finalise commission to Haaland's representatives. It's been suggested that Haaland will sign a deal worth £500,000-a-week, but the final details of his contract are also not finalised. City have declined to comment on the speculation over Haaland's future and Guardiola was equally less forthcoming when asked about the rumours in his press conference on Tuesday. When directly asked about Haaland, Guardiola said: "No answer to your question. I have another concern in my head to think what will happen in this club next season. Guardiola was then pushed on whether he feels City need to sign a recognised central striker this summer. He replied: "We are playing without a striker. For many years I dont think about transfer windows especially when we have incredible things to play for." City are already set to welcome a new forward to their star-studded squad this summer after signing Julian Alvarez in January. The 22-year-old is currently on loan at River Plate until this summer with Guardiola recently admitting that he wants the striker on board for pre-season training. “Next year he’ll be in preseason, for sure,” he said. “I learn from the players and I want to see him on the pitch, with his teammates, with what we want to do. If we were not convinced of this, we wouldn’t have signed.” Guardiola added: “If we signed him, it’s for us and if we signed him it’s because he has the potential to play with us. To be a scandalous ‘nine’ — and when he’s in front of goal, he smells a goal and the goal is worth a lot of money. And he cost money, and (it’s) what players are paid in Europe. "From South America to Europe, it may cost more. But we have exceptional reports of the boy and in the end he has that feeling of short space, how he finishes, it is very difficult to find.”  