Mitchell van der Gaag prefers individual conversations with players and is not afraid to dish out tough love, according to the man himself. The Ajax assistant manager is widely expected to join Erik ten Hag at Manchester United this summer and has already given players and fans an insight into what to expect.    Ten Hag is widely expected to become the next permanent Red Devils manager. The 52-year-old has impressed at Ajax, where a policy of developing young players has seen the Eredivisie side overachieve in Europe. And it is expected that he will be joined by Ajax assistant Van der Gaag, who has played a key role in the club’s recent success. A former Dutch under-21 international, he enjoyed an 18-year playing career with PSV, Sparta Rotterdam, Motherwell, FC Utrecht and Maritimo. Van der Gaag is known to watch matches from high up in the stands and communicate with the bench via a feed. He is so highly regarded that Ajax have tried desperately to convince him to remain at the Johan Cruyff Arena. JUST IN: Man Utd name price for Henderson after rejecting Newcastle's offers The 50-year-old is an excellent man-manager and prides himself on a good relationship with players. He recently said that he prefers one-to-one conversations with individuals and is not afraid to get tough. “I used to have discussions with the whole team, but as field coach I am moving away from that more and more,” Van der Gaag said, via the Mirror. “Players increasingly prefer individual conversations. That takes a lot more time and energy, but I have the feeling that I can reach my players better that way. “I sit down with players every week and we look at how he has played together with the footage. As a result, I can demand much more and you also get more sense of responsibility from the player. DON'T MISS...Arsenal hero Ian Wright agrees with Piers Morgan on Cristiano RonaldoMan City held 'secret meeting' with Erling Haaland agentsFive Man Utd youngsters who could get chance under Ten Hag next season “They can hide in a group. It’s not just fair weather conversations either. If I’m not satisfied, I’ll say so. Then everyone will know where he stands.“ While Van der Gaag will join Ten Hag at United, it has been widely reported that the new manager wants another assistant with a good understanding of the club’s culture. Sir Alex Ferguson’s former assistant Steve McClaren and ex-striker Robin van Persie have been mooted as possible coaches. The Daily Mail have claimed that the latter is expected to reject an offer to return to the club for whom he scored 58 goals in 105 appearances after joining so controversially from rivals Arsenal. McClaren is also unlikely to go back to Old Trafford. Ten Hag will have a tough job rejuvenating a squad that has become stale in recent seasons and seems set to finish outside the Champions League qualification places. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick has had to deal with several big personalities, so Van der Gaag’s man-management style will be needed to get big-name stars in line with expectations.   