Some French presidential opponents who have been faring poorly in the polls ahead of Sunday’s first-round are already planning their strategy for the second round and deciding who to support, should they lose. Far-left candidate Jean-Luc Mélenchon told RMC on Friday that he would stick with the cordon sanitaire policy and impede the far-right National Rally leader Marine Le Pen. But given Emmanuel Macron’s “similar programme”, Mr Mélenchon says he cannot vote for the incumbent President either. Mr Mélenchon asked: “There are two candidates, and you can't give votes to one, so inch me and pinch me are on a boat. Inch me falls off. Who is left? “I’ve always said we don't give votes to the extreme right. I've always said that. So, it’s complicated. “I don't give myself a right I don't have. "And I will not smash the movement we have built to take part in the unanimous celebrations of the television sets.” Though he said both candidates are not the same, he added: “But you have to admit that there are a lot of things in common between the two, particularly on the economic front, and in particular neither of them wants price freezes, neither of them wants to retire at 60 and put it back to 65, etcetera, etcetera.” This election campaign has seen many figures from the right emerging and splitting the vote. President Macron, a self-described centrist, is viewed as a right-wing candidate given his right-wing policies over his first term as president. Political outsider Eric Zemmour has also shown right-wing views on immigration, Islam, and national identity – just like Marine Le Pen. “So I have every reason to believe that it would not be a good idea for me to go and shoot myself in the foot”, Mr Mélenchon said. READ MORE: 'Frankenstein-style' Omicron subvariant sparks lockdown panic as it spreads across UK Mr Mélenchon is the founder and former far-left leader of La France Insoumise (LFI) – ‘France Unbowed’. He ran for president in 2017 as a candidate “outside the frame of political parties” and came in fourth in the first round with close to 20 percent of the votes. This week, he tried to give his campaign a boost by giving hologram addresses in dozens of cities, but he has remained in third position since mid-March with 17 percent of the votes in the latest polls. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: China launches sensational attack on NATO over Putin's war [LIVE]Sick Putin loses his grip on every front, says FREDERICK FORSYTH [REPORT]Brexit LIVE: Boris addresses tense Brexit deadlock with Olaf Scholz 'I brought it up!' [LIVE] His campaign was momentarily damaged by allegations of links with Putin and the Kremlin, but the far-right candidate has denied all the accusations of sympathy for Putin’s Russia, and no evidence has emerged proving Mr Mélenchon’s connection with the Kremlin. President Macron and Ms Le Pen are likely to face off in the second round - a repeat of the 2017 presidential election. The outcome of the second round, though, remains unclear as the polls show the gap between the two candidates has been narrowing. The French Presidential election's first round will take place on Sunday, April 10. Should no candidate secure more than 50 percent of the vote, a second-round will take place between the two top-polling candidates on April 24.