The Duchess of Cambridge, who is patron of the RCOG, was visiting in 2018 when she saw the midwife in the crowd. Professor Jacqueline Dunkley-Bent who delivered Princess Charlotte at St Mary’s Hospital in 2015 greeted the Duchess, who was seven months pregnant, and gave her a massive hug.  It comes as Kate Middleton returned to the RCOG yesterday to visit maternity healthcare organisations in her first ever joint royal engagement with Princess Anne. However The Duchess is not the only royal to be reunited with a midwife who has delivered one of their children. In 2014 Sophie, Countess of Wessex did exactly the same when visiting Frimley Park Hospital in Surrey. The Countess was visibly emotional as she hugged the Head of Midwifery, Adrienne Price.  Her two children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn were both born in the hospital in 2003 and 2007 respectively. The Countess had previously suffered an ectopic pregnancy in 2002 and almost died when she gave birth to her daughter the following year. In her 36th week of pregnancy, Sophie complained of severe internal pains and was admitted to Frimley Park. Doctors discovered she was dangerously ill from blood loss and performed an emergency caesarean. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry's 'protection' remark mocked  The Countess almost died from blood loss and was too ill to be moved to be with her baby for six days. When Lady Louise arrived, she weighed only 4lb 9oz, and she had to spend two weeks in intensive care in a specialist neonatal unit at St George's Hospital, South-West London. During the ceremony The Countess valiantly struggled to fight back the tears explaining how emotional her return was. She said: “Thank you very much for inviting me here today. DON'T MISS:  Queen’s right-hand woman part of ‘cruel’ bid to put Meghan in place [REVEAL] Historian tells Kate and William to send children to state school [INSIGHT] Meghan 'pushes Harry away' after televised kiss  [SPOTLIGHT]  "I want to say well done to everyone for your fundraising, and for all the work you do to help thousands of families - your service is the difference between life and death. "I know all the staff are really keen to get everything started. It is a great working environment and the results you are having are testament to this investment. "It has been something really important in my life and so I thank you again for inviting me here today." During their trip together the Duchess and Princess Royal learnt about the ways in which the Royal College of Midwives and the RCOG are working together to improve maternal health care. This ensures that women are receiving the safest and best care possible during pregnancy. 