Sophie Wessex, 57, and Prince Edward attended a Duke Of Edinburgh Awards ceremony at the Prime Minister's residence on April 26, 2022 in Castries, Saint Lucia. The Countess stunned in a blue and green floral dress, reminiscent of styles worn by Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle on royal tours. The dress had a V-neck framed with white lace that also went around Sophie’s waist to cinch her in.  The dress was short-sleeved and the sleeves were ruffled at the bottom. The ankle-length dress is in keeping with Sophie’s style so far on this royal tour, who has worn ankle-length dresses throughout the whole trip. She also wore amazing Jimmy Choo platforms in the ‘Dovina 10’ style, in a champagne metallic colour. The items cost a whopping £475 and looked incredible on the Countess. READ MORE: Sophie and Edward under fire as PM urges for slavery reparations  According to the website, they are set on a 100mm heel and shaped with thick crossover straps that “flatteringly frame your feet". Sophie accessorised with a plain beige clutch bag which she simply carried in her left hand. Although the Countess has mostly worn her Halcyon Days bracelets so far on this tour, on this occasion Sophie wore two different bracelets. On her left hand, she wore a thin gold bracelet and on her right, she seemed to be wearing a white bead bracelet.  She paired these with a pendant necklace in the shape of a hexagon. Sophie re-wore her blue drop earrings which she has also been wearing consistently on this royal tour. To cope with the hot weather in Saint Lucia, the Countess tied her blonde locks up in a low ponytail. She also wore heavy lashings of mascara to make the blue colour of her eyes pop.  The Countess of Wessex and Edward arrived in St Lucia to carry out just two engagements on Tuesday. This was after the last-minute postponement of their trip to Grenada. The Earl and Countess met with commonwealth military veterans, the Red Cross and St John's Ambulance personnel at the high commissioner's residence. This was before travelling to the Governor General's residence for a Duke of Edinburgh award event.  Royal fans took to social media to praise Sophie’s latest Caribbean style. Twitter user @mwalker2950 said: “She’s sweet.” Another user recognised the similarities in her outfit to Kate Middleton’s. Twitter user @Logically_Girl wrote: “I bet they were a gift from Catherine.” 