Cleaning mattresses and making the bed are often overlooked during routine housework, as most people focus outside the bedroom. The matter isn't helped by a vast assortment of advice around what to do with beds, with many people confused about what they should do to keep them comfortable. Mattress condition sets the mood for the day ahead and can impact people's overall health, and experts with luxury bed designers at And So To Bed have outlined the best ways to keep them in tip-top quality. People spend, on average, around six to eight hours a night lying on their mattresses, which can leave dust and moisture trapped inside. They need to breathe, and cleaners should consider peeling back the bed linens regularly, daily during the summer months. Without this step, trapped moisture may cause odours and linen discolouration. READ MORE: 'A huge mistake': Avoid ruining the surfaces in your home - 'be smart' A fresh and clean mattress will stay pleasant for longer if it has a buffer. Mattress protectors fit under the bed linens and absorb any moisture spilt above. They only need a quick round in the washing machine to clean between uses. And So To Bed provided three central tenets for mattress cleaning; don't vacuum or scrub, and regularly wash bedding and protectors. While they provide a quick anti-dust solution, vacuums may dislodge mattress stuffing and warp them in uncomfortable places. Scrubbing is also a no-no, as it can embed stains, and wet cleaning may also damage the upholstery, so people should blot instead with a dry rag. Regular washing of linens is paramount for cleanliness, ideally once every one to two weeks, while protectors need a round in the washing machine once a month. Mattresses should last people between seven years and a decade, provided they treat them right. They support people lying down, so jumping on them is not advised. Applying too much pressure could destabilise the inner filling and springs, making them uncomfortable, and sitting on the edge for too long can have a similar effect.