As the cost of living crisis continues to bite, charities are worried that many people are suffering in silence. Some Britons claim the process for claiming disability benefits like PIP is confusing and over complicated, however there are 14 questions people can ask themselves before applying, to determine whether they could be eligible. PIP replaced the Disability Living Allowance in 2013 and is paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to anyone under state pension age who meet certain criteria. To qualify they must have been diagnosed with a long-term illness, disability or mental health condition. How much someone receives depends on the intensity of their condition and how it affects their ability to carry out everyday tasks. Britons could receive up to £152 per week to help them meet additional costs associated with having a disability. READ MORE: ‘Can’t afford the licence fee’ Cost of living crisis forces pensioners to ditch TV. Pensioners are the most likely to be losing out on benefits according to Age UK, however they aren’t the only ones. Anyone with a disability or health condition can apply for PIP as it isn’t affected by how much savings or income someone has. PIP is paid to people who have difficulty completing everyday tasks such as preparing food, dressing and washing. Typically, there are 14 questions that could determine someone’s eligibility, Age UK suggested. DON'T MISS:Dragons’ Den cast ‘emotional’ after heart felt pitch for £60,000 [UPDATE]State pension: Britons urged to check National Insurance record [ALERT]Money making tips: One option sees pensioner earn up to £290 a day [INSIGHT]   The 14 questions are centred around:  Meanwhile, PIP has just increased 3.1 percent inline with inflation. The new rates are: What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea To start a claim for PIP, people can call 0800 917 2222. They can ask a friend or family member to call on their behalf but they will need to be present. They can also ask Age UK or Citizen’s Advice for help filling out the forms. More information can be found at Gov.uk