Speaking during Prime Minister’s Questions, Leader of the Scottish National Party in the House of Commons Ian Blackford asked the Prime Minister if he had “come to terms with the reality” that failure in the May elections could cost him his job. Mr Johnson then got up, explaining that his Party was one of “championing work and employment” and that when it came to longevity, he wouldn’t bet on the SNP. Mr Johnson said: “We’re helping families across the country with universal credit. We’re tapering it so people get another £1000 in their pocket. “And just to remind the House, there are now far fewer children in workless households than there were before this Government came in. “And that is because we believe in championing work, championing employment and helping people into high-skilled, high-waged jobs. “That’s what counts. And as for our respective political longevities, well I would not want to bet on him outlasting me, Mr Speaker.”   Mr Blackford suggested that the Prime Minister offered “nothing but empty words” when addressing the cost of living crisis. He accused Mr Johnson of “pre-election waffle”, before offering three ideas on how to alleviate the crisis. He said: “Scrap the national insurance tax hike, reverse the Tory cuts to universal credit, and match Scotland’s six percent benefits rise instead of imposing a real term cut.” He concluded: “Has the Prime Minister come to terms with the reality that if he fails to act now, the voters will send him and his sleaze-ridden Party a message by voting SNP next Thursday.” READ MORE: PMQs LIVE: Rayner dares Boris to 'unleash terrors of earth'  The local elections across the UK are due to take place on May 5 next Thursday. There have been fears that should the Tories fail to secure enough support in these elections, Mr Johnson’s leadership of the Party could come to an end. More than 4,350 seats will be contested next week on over 140 councils as the public elect their local representatives. The Government currently have a stronghold on the councils, but issues such as Partygate could prove costly. DON'T MISS: Jacob Rees-Mogg cabinet row with trade secretary explained [INSIGHT]PMQs LIVE: 'They spent £27k on EU flags!' Boris savages Labour for ... [INSIGHT] May local elections 2022: Are you registered to vote? Key deadlines [REPORT]   The last local elections in England were held last year and saw the Conservative Party make significant gains across the country. The Party added 13 councils and an extra 235 councillors to their final tally, while Labour lost eight councils, including the long-held Durham County Council. Overall, the Tories emerged victorious in 63 councils with 2,345 councillors; Labour finished with 44 councils and 1,345 councillors, more than 300 less than the previous year. But Labour fared much better in the Mayoral elections, securing 11 of the 13 positions available.   