The family of Jordan Mooney, whose real name is Pamela Rooke, have announced her tragic death at the age of 66 after a short battle with bile duct cancer. Jordan was known to many for her involvement with the Sex Pistols during their shows in the 1970s and as a model for Vivienne Westwood. Her loved ones confirmed her death in a statement which read: “Jordan (Pamela Rooke) has left her mark on this planet, whether it be as ‘The Queen of Punk’, or for her veterinary work and countless prize-winning cats. "She lived life to the full and was true to herself and others throughout the whole of her life. "She was totally trusted and respected by all those who knew her. "Jordan was a blessed rare individual indeed. She did not want any speculation regarding her passing and wished for the world to know that after a short period of illness, she succumbed to a relatively rare form of cancer known as cholangiocarcinoma (bile duct cancer)." READ MORE:Sandra Bullock stuns as Channing Tatum gazes at actress The statement added that Jordan "was a wonderful woman" who shall be "remembered for countless decades to come". As the Sex Pistols were forming, Jordan was working in the clothes shop SEX, owned by the band’s manager, Malcolm McLaren, and his then-girlfriend Vivienne Westwood. Her style made her a fashion icon at the time as she typically sported a platinum-blonde bouffant hairdo with very dark eye makeup. In an interview last year, Jordan reminisced about her aim to always express herself in “new and exciting” ways through her daring fashion.  Her favourites included a pair of rubber stockings with matching suspenders, and a T-shirt with two zips going across her breasts, which could be opened or closed. She told The Sun: “I have been described as the ‘first Sex Pistol’, because even the band weren’t wearing these clothes initially. Drummer Paul Cook and guitarist Steve Jones put them on as a costume. Before that they were simply musicians who wanted to be in a band.” She added that she never saw punk as a “political statement” and resonated more with “not conforming to the norms” that were set in society. In the late 1970s, Jordan was an early manager of Adam And The Ants and later married the band’s bass player, Kevin Mooney. DON'T MISSKelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home[LATEST]Chris Rock's brother hits out at Will Smith again over Oscars slap[INSIGHT]Zoe Ball forced to leave midway through Radio 2 show due to illness[NEWS] After they divorced in 1984, Jordan left London and returned to her hometown of Seaford, East Sussex. She trained as a veterinary nurse and began breeding Burmese cats, something she would become extremely passionate about, and has won Best In Show at the Supreme Cat Show numerous times. In an interview with The Guardian in 2019, she said that she had to leave London because “things became too hectic” but says that returning to normality “saved her life”. She released an autobiography, Defying Gravity: Jordan’s Story, in May the same year. Jordan is set to be portrayed by Game Of Thrones actress Maisie Williams in Danny Boyle’s upcoming TV drama, Pistol. The show is based on the memoir by Sex Pistols’ guitarist, Steve Jones, and will explore the band’s beginnings in the 1970s. The series is expected to be released in May.