Real Madrid players were involved in emotional scenes after eliminating Chelsea from the Champions League on Tuesday night. Los Blancos went into the game at the Bernabeu 3-1 up from the first leg. However, they had to dig deep to emerge victorious in their own backyard - and members of Carlo Ancelotti’s squad looked overwhelmed at full time. Mason Mount put Chelsea ahead in the 15th minute, with the England international blasting past Thibaut Courtois from just inside the area. Antonio Rudiger then doubled their advantage, with the Germany international powering home a header from a corner. Timo Werner looked to have fired Chelsea through in the second half, sparking wild scenes in the away end. However, after that, Real got the comeback started. Rodrygo, on as a substitute, struck to force the tie into extra-time. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And Karim Benzema, who scored all three goals in the first leg, then powered home a header late on to propel Real through. It was a stunning and breathtaking evening of football, one that ends with Real in semi-finals of the competition. And members of the Los Blancos squad were visibly emotional on the pitch in the aftermath, slumping to the floor in jubilation. Benzema, who has now scored seven Champions League goals from his last three outings in the competition, was mobbed by his team-mates. The likes of Vinicius Jr and Rodrygo chose to mob Luka Modric, with the Croatia international winding back the years with a sensational performance. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Marcelo and Federico Valverde slumped to the floor exhausted, with the duo both clearly delighted with their team’s win. Real now have genuine hopes of winning the Champions League again. And few would bet against the European giants, who last triumphed in the tournament back in 2018 when Zinedine Zidane was manager. While Chelsea won on the night, they were defeated over the course of the tie. And Rio Ferdinand, speaking on BT Sport, was delighted at the way Tuchel’s side pushed Madrid all the way. “Firstly, congratulations to Real Madrid, they showed great character, they were outplayed today,” he said. “But, to get through these types of games, you need that personality, that desire, that mentality to win and to get back after going three-nil down. “The Chelsea players will be absolutely sick. “They will be devastated after going three-nil up at the Bernabeu, having the momentum, and then all of a sudden, the game gets taken away from them.” And Steve McManaman thinks the better team lost the tie.