The second and holiday home crisis has caused uproar among residents in popular tourist spots across the UK. Wales are introducing new rules which have been branded as an "anti-English" tax. Cardiff is set to introduce a new 182 days per year theshold which means there will be a premium tax for those who don't reside in the area for many months of the year. Second home owners could be hit with a Council Tax bill up to 300 percent more. Chairman Ashford Price, who called the move "anti-English" believes that this will cause significant economic damage. Many agreed with his comments as the new tax was branded "utter madness" and "short-sighted". One holidaymaker said: "I holiday in Wales three times a year but due to costs of fuel etc going up that is now only going to be once this year. “If another tax has to be paid just for holidaying in Wales, that will stop altogether.” READ MORE: Flight attendant on why Meghan and Harry didn't pay bill on flight Many have claimed they will not return to Wales if they are forced to pay a premium. Other headed to Facebook to express their distaste. Charlie Jones stated: "Let's see what happens when all these properties flood the market causing house prices to slump, which is what these policies are trying to achieve. "Making housing more affordable through increased supply might not be so popular when home owners end up in negative equity or lose 30 percent plus off the value of their home!" However, Letty Macko said: "We're are not anti-English, we are not anti-tourist but are anti-destruction of our beautiful country - if you can't respect the area, don't come. "I am not against these taxes, I welcome them with a huge hug because the area is overwhelmed to the point where its not enjoyable anymore to visit certain areas." She continued: "Places we have spent our childhoods growing up, places we live are unbearable. "When the locals have to leave their homes because of the influx of tourists, there is a problem." Jonathan F Dean argued: "The new regulation is quite simple, if you claim to be a letting business, you must be at least 50 percent let. "Business thrives on performance targets and I’m sure the genuine businesses will rise to the challenge."  Some believe the tax would give British and Scottish tourism an edge over Wales. Ashford continued that some Welsh business owners will have "no option" but to close their doors if the new regulation is instated. Failure to meet the 182 days per year threshold may mean that holiday-let business owners face a second homes Council Tax premium of up to a gargantuan 300 percent. The National Showcaves Centre for Wales at Dan Yr Ogof, Brecon Beacons, is one such business. It currently has 20 self-catering units, but the proposed rule has meant it has abandoned plans to build 10 more luxury units.  Instead, The National Showcaves Centre will move this part of the business to England. A survey of more than 1,500 businesses by the Wales Tourism Alliance (WTA) revealed that 84 percent of self-catering operators fear that they won’t be able to continue new lettings. The WTA, with UK Hospitality Cymru (UKHC) and Professional Association of Self Caterers UK (PASC UK), called for a rethink. They argued that this tool would do little to make homes more affordable for locals, and a great deal for making the tourism sector struggle. “As a tool to bring properties back into a market which is affordable to local people, it will not work. “Rather, it will reduce local owners’ ability to earn an income and cause a decline in secondary jobs in hospitality, retail, house maintenance and cleaning." They suggested that it may lessen the cultural integrity of the country, as it will not safeguard the Welsh language. They predicted that these businesses will be lost to wealthier outsiders who are prepared to meet the higher costs of having a second home or self-catering businesses in Wales. 