Alan, 57, and Caroline Moher, who have three children, separated in 2016 and divorced in the Family Court. But Moher did not give her a "Get" a document that formally recognises the end of marriage in the orthodox Jewish faith. This means she is unable to remarry, have more children or enter into a relationship with another man. She brought a private prosecution, in what lawyers say is a landmark case. Southwark Crown Court heard that in the lead-up to her Family Court divorce, in August 2015, she was "so worn down" by "psychological and emotional abuse" that she attempted suicide. Her lawyer Anthony Metzer QC, said she texted Moher to tell him what she had done and he replied: "What colour do you want your gravestone?" On January 22, 2016 - the day that Moher received a letter from his wife's solicitor about the divorce proceedings - he told her to "p*** off", and "curl up and die". The property company owner, from Salford, later offered her a £700,000 settlement with the Get or £780,000 without it. The court also heard that Moher had a public order conviction after threatening Caroline following a family court hearing in Manchester. Mr Metzer said: "He shouted abuse at her and told her she was going to get what was coming to her." A victim impact statement from Caroline said: "Imagine you are dependent on your captor to set you free. That's how I feel still being married to Alan." Jeffrey Israel, defending, said: "Aside from a single public order incident I would ask the court to treat him as a man of previous good character."  He also asked that the judge take into account his client has autism andADHD. Judge Martin Beddoe told Moher: "You sought to manipulate and control her all in the knowledge that it would substantially impact her mental health." He was ordered to pay £11,000 towards the prosecution's costs. Under orthodox Jewish law the Mohers are still married. After the hearing Caroline said: "To those victims out there - you are not alone, and justice and humanity are on your side." 