After MPs voted for the Privileges Committee to investigate whether Mr Johnson misled Parliament about parties in Downing St during lockdown, Ms Sturgeon said she feels the latest events mean a no-confidence vote is now "a question of when and not if", leading to scrutiny over her own behaviour. The Prime Minister — alongside his wife Carrie Johnson and the Chancellor Rishi Sunak — was fined for breaking coronavirus laws by attending an event at No10 to celebrate his birthday. According to the Metropolitan Police, it has issued at least 50 fines as part of its inquiry. Meanwhile, Scotland Yard's investigation into the parties in Downing St and Whitehall is continuing. However, local elections on May 5 mean no announcement about further fines will be made until after polling day. For Mr Johnson, because he had previously told MPs laws were not broken in Downing St, the fine could as much as bring his premiership to an end. READ MORE: Inside the lives of the 6 people who will decide Boris Johnson's fate over partygate If accusations from opposition parties that he misled them are proven by the Privileges Committee, the special body that looks into allegations that an MP has committed contempt of parliament, he would be expected to resign. MPs approved the committee launching an inquiry once the police had finished its own investigation into the gatherings. Late on Wednesday night, it emerged the Government had tried to delay the vote but shortly before the start of the debate, the plug was pulled. Following opposition from its own MPs, the Conservative party performed a U-turn, which Ms Sturgeon described as a "very telling" move. She said: "The fact that the Tories had to U-turn at the last minute in terms of their instruction to their own MPs, I think, is very telling and is a sign that support appears at long last — and it’s overdue — to be ebbing away from the Prime Minister within his own ranks. "I think the Tories in Westminster have got a big question to ask themselves because every day they allow Boris Johnson to remain in office right now they become complicit in all of the wrongdoing that he stands accused of." The SNP boss added: "He will try to cling on, there is no doubt about it. "He will try to wriggle off the multiple hooks that I think he is on. He clearly has no shame. He clearly has no respect for Parliament, for democracy, for the institutions that our democracy depends on." But Ms Sturgeon, who failed to secure her own majority in the May 2021 Holyrood election, came under scrutiny over her remarks. Referring to the struggles her leadership is facing in Scotland, a Twitter user with the handle @CswMatty described the First Minister's comment about Mr Johnson: "A bit rich, ain't it." Another user, Giles Rocholl, claimed: "She not only clings on to power but assumes she has it where she doesn't." DON'T MISSGloating Keir celebrates Tory crisis – but can he win in May? [ANALYSIS]How Boris Johnson could avoid partygate backlash to remain PM [EXPLAINER]Baker starts Tory civil war as he demands Boris quit [REPORT] Philip Gazza added: "Of course she will! She's a hypocrite and people are buying into her narrative." A fourth user calling themselves JJ wrote: "She broke her own covid rules twice – hypocrite." Ms Sturgeon was reported to police after footage showed her appearing to break Scottish Covid laws on face masks in a video posted on social media during a local election campaign visit to a barber in East Kilbride, South Lanarkshire on Saturday. In the mobile phone footage, she is seen without a face covering as she speaks to customers and pats the head of a man in a barber's chair while imitating the sound of electric clippers. In a video from the same event posted on Ms Sturgeon's official Twitter account, she can be seen wearing a tartan face mask as she shaves a man's beard. Restrictions in Scotland until Sunday meant it was a legal requirement to wear a face covering in most indoor public places – including hairdressers. The rules became guidance on Monday, just two days after Ms Sturgeon's visit to the barber's shop. An SNP spokesperson said of the incident: "The first minister was invited into the barbers during an outdoor visit on the street. Within a few seconds, she realised she hadn't put her mask back on and immediately put it on."