Over 100 flights have been cancelled today Wednesday, April 6, and huge queues have been seen at Birmingham, Manchester and Stansted. British Airways has cancelled at least 78 flights which were scheduled to and from Heathrow on Wednesday. EasyJet axed at least 30 at Gatwick Airport. This is due to high levels of sickness among employees as well as staff shortages caused by Covid, the airlines reported. The managing director at Manchester Airport, Karen Smart, resigned earlier this week following chaotic scenes at the terminal where holidaymakers faced lengthy queues. READ MORE: Ryanair flight to Alicante declares emergency after take-off The airport has been suffering from staff shortages due to Covid and the aftermath of the pandemic. Many travel staff have left the industry during the pandemic and some have since found other jobs. John O'Neill, North West Regional Industrial Officer for the trade union Unite, warned travellers can expect similar situations in summer. He said: "Summer is going to be far worse than this.  "It is the time to get everything in place otherwise summer is going to be very difficult." Although the situation has slightly improved since the beginning of the week, Manchester mayor Andy Burnham suggested that the police could be called in to assist at the airport. He said: “I have been in touch with colleagues at Greater Manchester Police at the weekend to see what we can do to support the airport. “It’s a difficult moment for airports around the world having laid low for the pandemic, they’ve had to scale up quickly. “We understand the challenges that we’ve got. But at the same time, we don’t want to see the scenes that we saw at the weekend.” He added: “We need to work with them to work through these issues and make sure we’re managing those things and giving the right information to the public and being clear about the plan to get things to an acceptable level.” Michael Foote, Editor in Chief of Quotegoat.com, commented: "This is incredibly frustrating for travellers and their families. I do have some sympathy for airlines as they struggle to meet a new wave of demand from holidaymakers keen to get back to the skies after the pandemic. “Although tourists are ready to travel again, coronavirus is still a very present problem in the UK, and staff shortages due to illness can’t always be helped." Michael shared advice on what Britons can do if their flight is cancelled: "If your flight is cancelled you should be asked whether you want a full refund or to re-book on an alternative flight. EasyJet should cover the cost of transport if you need to travel from a different airport to catch your replacement flight. “You have a legal right to help with costs if the cancellation delays you two or more hours. "You’re also entitled to financial compensation if you’re delayed two or more hours by the replacement flight offered and you were given less than two weeks' notice. “If your flight is cancelled less than seven days before departure you may be able to claim between £110 - £520 compensation depending on the distance of your flight.”