Ms Gottemoeller conceded Vladimir Putin used to be a “very good tactician”, but now “he has lost touch with reality”. The ex-deputy Secretary-General of NATO also agrees with President Joe Biden’s claim on Putin, branding him a “war criminal” for his army's actions in Ukraine. Speaking with LBC News, Ms Gottemoeller said: “My personal view is that [Putin] has lost touch with reality. “In the past, he has been a very good tactician." She continued: “[Putin] always got what he wanted right to the edge, but in this case he’s been going for broke in a way that is destructive to Ukraine and Russia. "The Russian economy has been destroyed, and rightly so as in my view we have to shut down the Russian war machine”. Ms Gottemoeller refers to the ruble devaluation and consequential collapse of Russia’s stock and the market as a consequence of the sanctions put in place by the UK, EU, US as well as other countries such as Australia and South Korea in response to Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. The Former Deputy Secretary-General of NATO also stated: “I have to agree with my President Joe Biden, [Putin] is a war criminal. “Evidence is mounting and more atrocities have been uncovered in Borodianka and according to President Zelensky this is even worse than what was seen in Bucha." Referring to NATO's position of non-engagement in the current Russia-Ukraine conflict, she claimed: “I have been concerned when people kept insisting that NATO need to engage with the Russians directly”. READ MORE: Finland and Sweden could join NATO in weeks Ms Gottemoeller continued: “This could lead to WW3 and I do not think that’s not in anyone’s interest. “NATO’s objective is to prevent a general war from happening in Europe’’, reiterated the former Deputy Security General in light of NATO’s much-discussed decision to not actively engage in the war. “NATO has been very clear and firm and disciplined about the way they are responding, helping with humanitarian assistance and aids but very careful with not directly engage with Russia." DON'T MISS: BBC QT: Emily Thornberry tears into Greg Hands over Rishi's wifeFM called 'coward' after BANNING national papers from manifesto launchBBC Question Time: Not her again! Viewers in uproar Since the beginning of the conflict, NATO has assisted Ukraine with humanitarian and military aid. Weapons have been sent over the weeks following the beginning of the invasion in support of Ukraine, however, no troops have been deployed in Ukrainian territory. Such actions, together with a no-fly zone measure over Ukrainian airspace, would possibly lead to a general war involving NATO countries. The same Putin has in fact stated that such actions would translate into an immediate global conflict, which would NATO and Russia at war against each other.