The state pension is an important source of financial support to millions of people. However, there is currently a two-tier system in place, which will dictate what a person could receive. The older state pension scheme is known as the basic state pension. It is available only to men born before April 6, 1951, and women born before April 6, 1953. Those who were born later will not be eligible for the basic state pension. To unlock the basic state pension, individuals must have paid or been credited with National Insurance contributions. READ MORE: State pension age alert as number of 100-year-olds set to grow While the amounts people get will vary depending on this matter, the full basic state pension is currently £141.85 per week. However, there are marked differences when it comes to the new state pension scheme. Perhaps most notably is the amount potentially available to those who are eligible. The full new state pension is currently £185.15 per week. DON'T MISSState pension warning: You could miss out on Carer’s Allowance [INSIGHT]Pensioners targeted in cruel energy price scam [WARNING]Pension: Britons missing out on £200 of ‘free money’ per year [ANALYSIS] Some may get less if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. However, the two figures have a £43.30 difference weekly between them. The new state pension was first introduced in April 2016. People can claim it if they are a man born on or after April 6, 1951 or a woman born on or after April 6, 1953. The Government website adds: “If you reached state pension age before April 6, 2016, you’ll get the state pension under the old rules instead.” The introduction of the new state pension was to create a clearer system for the future, according to the Government. The DWP has explained the full yearly basic state pension is now over £2,300 higher than it was in 2010. It states many of those who are in receipt of the basic state pension will also be receiving additional income from either an occupational/private pension, or the additional state pension. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Basic state pensioners could get an extra amount through the additional state pension. However, there is no fixed amount so it is difficult to say how much this will add to their state pension sum. It is dependent on: The additional state pension is paid with a basic state pension into a person’s bank account. Consequently, this should boost the amount of state pension they receive.