Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher claims Jurgen Klopp must be brave in the club's quest for an unprecedented quadruple this season. Carragher says the German needs to show courage as early as this Sunday's Merseyside derby against Everton. Liverpool are top of the Premier League table following Tuesday's 4-0 win over Manchester United at Anfield. The Reds are aiming to add the title, Champions League and FA Cup to the Carabao Cup they won in February. Liverpool have at least 10 matches remaining this season, with it potentially rising to 11 if they get past Villarreal in the Champions League semi-final. Carragher says Klopp must start to rest players ahead of an extremely busy period. Everton make the short trip to Anfield this weekend and despite Carragher's feelings about the game, he thinks it is an opportunity for Klopp to rotate. He said on the Gary Neville podcast: "Well for me the derby, I always class that as the bigger game rather than actually [United]. READ MORE: Man Utd's two leading scouts 'leave club' in wake of mass transfer criticism  "For me, maybe being an Everton fan as a kid, being in the city, family and friends, some are Everton as well. So for me, it's always the biggest game of the season. “I think Jurgen Klopp may actually take the emotion out of it because he has got to be brave between now and the end of the season. He can’t play the same sort of eight or nine players every game, with 11 games to go if they get to everywhere they want to get to. "I think he may look at that game and say ‘I may need to be brave in this game’ and say ‘this is a team that are fourth or fifth from bottom, if we were playing Leeds or Brentford, then I would make five or six changes'." DON'T MISSMan Utd have four striker options after Haaland 'agrees terms' with Man City [TRANSFERS]Meulensteen tells Ten Hag how to succeed at Man Utd amid claims he could be No 2 [QUOTES]Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has another Romero in sights after 'personal request' [GOSSIP] Carragher believes the likes of Kostas Tsimikas, Curtis Jones and Roberto Firmino could come into the starting XI against Everton. He added: "So, the actual nine he has that are set in stone, nine or ten, I think we could see a game where maybe Tsimikas comes in, Firmino and (Diogo) Jota play, maybe Curtis Jones plays. "I think it could be that one because I don’t think he would do that in the two semi-finals of the Champions League."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here