Erik ten Hag has handed Manchester United a list of potential transfer targets he would like to sign if he lands the job and his shortlist includes several of his current Ajax players, according to reports. The Dutchman is now understood to be one of the leading contenders to replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season, as he targets an offer from the Old Trafford hierarchy. Before he could potentially earn that, Ten Hag may have to impress the United board for a second time with an additional interview scheduled. The Red Devils are thought to have held discussions with Ten Hag over two weeks ago, in which the Ajax manager impressed with his detailed philosophy. But Mauricio Pochettino also remains in the frame and there are now doubts as to whether the United board were entirely convinced by Ten Hag. According to The Independent, United were cautious of the fact Ten Hag believes this is a five-year project. READ MORE: PSG 'could sell Lionel Messi and Neymar to MLS this summer' in surprise transfer twist He made it clear that he feels there is lots of work to do before United are back where they belong. The same report claims during the interview, Ten Hag listed off a number of players he would seek to target in the transfer window. It's understood the list included some of his current players. There has been talk that Ten Hag would look to bring Brazilian winger Antony with him to Old Trafford - should he be offered the position. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'issued Man Utd transfer ultimatum' involving Ralf Rangnick during interviewTottenham 'reconsider Lautaro Martinez' transfer after agreeing £60m deal last summerMan Utd have interviewed 'mystery boss' battling Erik ten Hag and Pochettino for job  The young forward has been excellent under Ten Hag in Amsterdam where he is now considered to be one of the focal points in the team. Jurrien Timber is also of interest to Ten Hag following his rapid emergence onto the senior scene. The 20-year-old centre-back has really caught the eye in the Eredivise, so much so he is expected to be part of Louis van Gaal's Netherlands squad for the World Cup in Qatar. Ten Hag wants to ensure that if he is successful, United fully back and believe in the signings the club make. He has been left bemused by United's use of his former midfielder Donny van de Beek. The Everton loanee has barely had a chance at Old Trafford and is now being pushed closer to the exit door. It would cost United in the region of £4million if they were to free Ten Hag from his Ajax contract. The United dressing room is already said to be split on the potential appointment of Ten Hag.