Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel accepted blame for tactics and team selection after losing 4-2 at home to Arsenal on Wednesday evening, but proceeded to point out difficulties with the Stamford Bridge pitch during his post-match press duties. Blues defender Andreas Christensen was excused for his individual error which led to the Gunners' opening goal as Tuchel pointed out that the same pitch imperfections had hurt them before. Chelsea and Arsenal played out a breathless encounter in which Eddie Nketiah rewarded Mikel Arteta's faith with an impressive brace at Stamford Bridge. The youngster was joined on the scoresheet by Emile Smith Rowe and Bukayo Saka, with Timo Werner and Cesar Azpilicueta's first-half goals proving to be in vain. After the final whistle, Tuchel was regretful about his team's individual mistakes. Andreas Christensen clumsily gave the ball away for Nketiah's opener, but the boss also pointed out unusual issues with the home pitch. "We need to have the tactics right, it's doubtful if I had this right, and you need the team selection right, it's doubtful I got that right," he admitted. "To say the pitch is difficult to play here, it maybe sounds like an excuse but it is a very, very difficult pitch that we have here. It’s not in our favour. The ball bounces very awkwardly in front of Andreas when he wants to play this ball. But still, we had the same mistake against Real Madrid that cost us the next round of the Champions League and this one cost us the next match." JUST IN: Man Utd players 'informed' of Erik ten Hag appointment with announcement plan in place  Tuchel was predictably spiky after the disappointing defeat, and his verdict will come as unwelcome news for those that take care of the grounds in west London. The Gunners, meanwhile, made better use of the conditions and boosted their chances of finishing in the top four. The boss was forced into several tough selection calls just three days after a taxing FA Cup semi-final date at Wembley against Crystal Palace. In the cases of Christensen, Romelu Lukaku and Malang Sarr in particular, Tuchel may wish he had kept them on the bench after a trio of dismal displays. DON'T MISS...Chris Sutton slams Jesse Lingard's clothing choice vs LiverpoolMan Utd icon Paul Scholes tells club to finish 8th in 'saddened' rantMan Utd icon Gary Neville admits he was 'unprofessional' on Sky Sports An FA Cup final against Liverpool is effectively all Chelsea have left to fight for this season, which may not bode well for their Premier League results between now and the end of the campaign. The Blues were beaten in the Carabao Cup final, dumped out of the Champions League by Real Madrid and have been hanging in the relative safety of third spot for what seems like an eternity. A torrid run could see them dragged into the top-four race with the Gunners and Tottenham fighting tooth and nail for every point. And Tuchel seems to understand exactly why Chelsea fans were angered after the final whistle, with Cesar Azpilicueta even getting into an altercation with one of his own fans.  "We had a good start but again gave the first goal away which is impossible to do these things in consecutive matches," he added, "But we're doing it. We came back twice and we scored another two in the second half, unfortunately for the wrong side. "It's a level of mistakes, the number of mistakes in consecutive games here at home, it's impossible at this kind of level. You don't see this. It's simply impossible But we're doing this at the moment and you cannot win football games like this." 