And while gardening might be considered more of a therapeutic task than a full workout, adults are shedding 142 calories over the 38 minutes spent doing the chore each week. Hoovering is also good exercise, with adults typically doing this four times a week – burning up to 8,747 calories per year in the process. But in addition to shedding pounds, 60 percent think there are other benefits to cleaning – finding it a great way to destress after work and switch off from a busy day. It also emerged 59 percent feel it helps them lead a healthier lifestyle, with clean kitchens resulting in fewer takeaways. Three-quarters (77 percent) of those who habitually clean their homes say it also puts them in a better mood, with more than half saying they enjoy cleaning their home. Interestingly, the study also found that those with a regular cleaning schedule were better able to implement a good sleep routine, a healthy eating routine, and a decent fitness routine. Brooke Marchand, Coach at behaviour change company Noom, which commissioned the research, said: “The number of calories you can burn when cleaning certainly adds up, and can be a valuable way to move your body every day. “If you enjoy having a clean and calm home but dislike exercise, then doing a bit of housework might be the healthy habit for you, as it can be a full body workout as you reach for dusty corners or high-up shelves. “When we clean our homes, it helps to boost our mood – and when we are in a good mood, this can have a huge impact on factors such as what we eat, how motivated we feel to exercise, and how often we go outside for fresh air. “All of these, in turn, affect our physical health. Even the addition of a few small chores throughout the week can help you on your way to a healthier lifestyle and a clearer mindset.” The findings show that one in three people get sweaty cleaning the windows, cleaning the bathroom, and making and stripping the bed – while one in four say that their muscles ache after they mow the lawn. Gardening, hoovering and tidying were the most popular chores, according to the OnePoll study – while cleaning the oven, ironing, and putting away clean washing were the most disliked, the research found. Brooke Marchand added: “When people think about their health, they rarely think about their homes. “But the reality is, our physical environment can have a huge impact on both our mood and behaviours. “The findings show that having a regular cleaning schedule can help Brits to develop healthy habits in other aspects of their life, helping to improve their overall wellbeing and mindset. “Simple daily habit changes such as doing regular chores, walking up escalators, or sticking to a set bedtime routine, can be the small steps that lead to long-term behavioural change. “At Noom, we want to help people live healthier and happier lives. “For those who may be daunted by the thought of changing their lifestyle to improve their health, it is reassuring to see that even daily chores can help them establish long-term healthy habits and achieve their goals.” HOW LONG BRITS SPEND IN MINUTES DOING THESE HOUSEHOLD CHORES A WEEK AND CALORIES BURNT: NOOM'S CHIEF OF PSYCHOLOGY ANDREAS MICHAELIDES PHD'S TOP TIPS TO SPRUCE UP HEALTH AND WELLBEING: