Jonah Byrde (played by Skylar Gaertner) and Charlotte Byrde (Sofia Hublitz) face an uncertain final few episodes in Netflix’s fourth season of Ozark as their parents Marty (Jason Bateman) and Wendy (Laura Linney) continue to plot a way out of the murderous cartel business. However, there are more than a fair few obstacles blocking their exit plan - from a vengeful Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner) baying for blood, a nosey investigator in the form of Mel Sattem (Adam Rothenberg), and Agent Maya Miller (Jessica Frances Dukes) threatening an FBI deal. However, arguably one of the most intriguing and challenging plot points facing the Byrde family is the car crash fans saw via a flash-forward in the season four opener. Fans are still none the wiser as to whether the Byrdes will make it out of the car crash alive but the second part of season four will undoubtedly have to provide some answers. While it doesn’t particularly bode well for the Byrde family, a key line from Charlotte in the build-up to the crash has led some fans to predict it could be to flee after Jonah’s taken deadly action on one of the series’ biggest characters. To recap, moments before the crash, the Byrdes looked seemingly relaxed as they drove away from the Ozark’s before Marty told his other half: “We’re all set for the FBI tomorrow.” READ MORE: Ozark fans blast 'pointless' key character return in season 4 trailer “Oh, joy,” Wendy sarcastically replied before trying to gauge the mood of the meeting: “What’s their temperature?” “Does it ever get above chilly?” Marty answered before Wendy turned her attention to Jonah and Charlotte, telling them: “I’m calling the moving company this afternoon.” “Whenever. Jonah and I are packed,” Charlotte quipped, prompting a sharp look from her brother and awkward silence from Wendy. “Too soon?” Charlotte said with a smirk on her face as Marty stepped in: ‘Yeah, much.” A few seconds later, Marty veered the car off-road and it hurtled and flipped to a daunting stop by the roadside. But what exactly did Charlotte mean by her “packed” and “too soon” remarks? Well, it’s become a talking point among the fandom who believe it could foreshadow Jonah turning killer in season four. Redditor pinball_bard put forward the theory, penning: “Is the ‘too soon’ joke bugging everyone else? To refresh, right before the crash, Wendy tells the kids the movers are coming soon (and) Charlotte says ‘that's okay, Jonah and I are already packed!’ “There's an uncomfortable silence. She asks, ‘too soon’ They say ‘yeah!’ with a laugh both happy and strained. What happened to prompt that? My leading theory is... with Wendy's dad being local with Mel and them pressing on Ben ‘disappearing’, the kids get placed into temporary emergency custody with their grandfather, Wendy's dad. Hence being packed.” DON'T MISS:Ozark season 4: Ruth Langmore's survival 'sealed' by Frank Jr wedding?Ozark season 4: Sheriff Nix death opens up 'plot hole' - here's howOzark’s Omar Navarro star lines up huge new role ahead of Netflix exit They added: “Secondary theory, it's a play on words. They're ‘packed’ as in, they're armed. And maybe it's a good thing they were recently. Maybe one of them saves themselves/their sibling/the whole family by taking a shot. But no parent wants that, so, too soon to joke.” Both ideas got fans predicting the hidden meaning in her quote, with icy_cat4821 replying: ”I like the ‘packed’ meaning armed theory and Jonah had to blast some people lol.” While lynxlynxlynxlynx added: “Somehow, I like your 2nd theory more than your 1st one. That uncomfortable silence, awkward laughter, seems a bit over the top, for only moving to some kind of witness protection. “Having the children shooting/killing someone, seems to explain the tense situation in the car.” (sic) So who could Jonah have shot and why? Arguably the most likely candidate would be Mel given his invasive investigation into Helen Pierce’s (Janet McTeer) disappearance. After all, he already knows Jonah was in Helen’s house armed with a shotgun threatening to kill her just moments before she was whisked to Mexico and killed by Omar Navarro (Felix Solis) and hitman Nelson (Nelson Bonilla). With the Byrdes seemingly on the brink of a deal with the FBI - whether it be with Javi (Alfonso Herrera) or Omar - the last they’d want is Mel threatening to derail the entire thing by digging further into Helen’s murder/disappearance. Mel clearly has no boundaries when it comes to his investigation, so he may well overstep the line with Jonah if he presses about the photo taken from Helen’s security cam - but will he snap and pull the trigger? Ozark season 4, part 2 premieres on Netflix on April 29.