Gemma Atkinson recently headed back to the Channel 4 soap where she reprised her role as Lisa Hunter on Hollyoaks. The mum-of-one made her show comeback in recent episodes that aired in March. The 37-year-old returned to the village in her previous role which she first played aged 15. The character went from a bullied schoolgirl to the soap’s temptress, and recently returned for one episode. But the former Strictly Come Dancing contestant ruled out staying on the show longer because the hours are gruelling. Her comeback comes after it was reported that the actress was drafted in after her co-star Sarah Jayne Dunn was "sacked" after she refused to delete her OnlyFans account. READ MORE: 'Same Academy took 40 years to ban Polanski' Piers Morgan slams Oscars However, Gemma has confirmed that this is not the case. Speaking in a new interview, she explained that she returned to Hollyoaks months before Sarah was dropped from the programme. “I was asked to come back about four months before Sarah left. I don’t really know Sarah very well," the on-screen star explained. Gemma added to The Sun: "But [with regards to her OnlyFans page] I always say each to their own. As long as everyone’s happy and not hurting anyone, then go for it.”  Sarah, who has played Mandy Richardson in the Channel 4 soap on and off since 1996, previously said she felt "disappointed" about the outcome. The actress, who is one of the long-running soap's biggest stars, left the show after being unable to "reach a resolution" with bosses over her decision to join the subscription site known for its adult content. "I feel disappointed and I feel sad," she told Dan Wootton on GB News. "I will miss terribly the incredible, wonderful talented cast and crew there. I feel like they are family. DON'T MISS... Michael Bublé in disbelief over Elton John's help amid son's cancer[LATEST]Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show[MUSIC]Richard Madeley proposed to wife Judy three weeks into 'affair'[ADMISSION] "I've known them since I was 14." A Hollyoaks spokeswoman previously said that as a "youth-facing drama with many young viewers' the soap does not allow any Hollyoaks cast members to be active on certain 18+ websites". Elsewhere, Gemma issued a stark warning on Instagram after being caught up in airport chaos earlier this week. She returned to "chaos" after her first family holiday in Tenerife with fiancé Gorka Marquez and daughter Mia, two. The actress was stuck in Manchester airport for hours amid severe delays. She captioned the short clip, explaining that despite the slowness, the staff were great. "How we killed time waiting for luggage last night at Manchester airport….," she wrote. “The staff at the airport were brilliant with us, however, they are extremely understaffed which made everything so much slower.” 