Electric cars are a favourable alternative to petrol and diesel vehicles, but their low running costs often come with a considerable upfront price tag. As fuel prices continue to remain high, there’s no better time to consider investing in a low emission electric car, but what are the cheapest models on the market right now? How far can they travel before recharging? Drivers across the UK have contended with record fuel prices for weeks now, with no end in sight for those struggling to afford petrol and diesel costs. Electric cars are a much cheaper alternative when it comes to running your vehicle, with electricity prices now as low as 6.3p per mile on some models. These tempting rates are enough to make anyone consider switching to an electric vehicle (EV), but which models are the most affordable? To make things easier, Express.co.uk have rounded up car wow’s cheapest electric cars available for you to buy right now. READ MORE: Driver fined £65 because shadow of his car was in disabled spot Carwow offers this four door EV from £18,806, boasting a range of up to 78 miles between charging. This small but practical design is ideal for urban locations, though the impressive four-person capacity can be a squeeze for back-seat passengers. This is an ideal electric car for a busy city, with its compact dimensions making it an easy runaround for one or two people. Surprisingly, this small EV is more expensive than the Smart EQ ForFour model, retailing for around £22,159. Despite its condensed design, the Smart EQ ForTwo will allow between 70-80 miles of uninterrupted travel before the battery needs to be recharged. The Vauxhall Corsa-e shares much of the same building blocks with the Peugeot e-208, as the Peugeot and Vauxhall brands are owned by the same parent company. Corsa-e pricing is a little higher than the Peugeot’s but comes with a bit more kit within the vehicle. This electric model has a battery range of up to 222 miles, with carwow prices starting from £25,387. DON'T MISS:Electric cars: 8 common noises your EV might make explained [REVEAL]Diesel drivers face new parking costs three times higher than EVs [INSIGHT]Have Your Say: Is it right the petrol & diesel buy ban right? [COMMENT]  The Leaf is one of the most popular EVs on sale in the UK, and there are two options available when purchasing the latest model. A cheaper standard model with a range of 150 miles resembles the likes of the Volkswagen e-Golf, while the more expensive Leaf e+ offers a longer range of 239 miles. The easiest way to make the choice depends on the distance you intend to drive the car, though both models are easy to drive and come with a good safety kit. Carwow offers this model from £24,191 or £299 a month (for 48 months). Seat has created a small but mighty vehicle with the Mii Electric model, offering an impressive battery range of up to 160 miles. This sleek car can be purchased on a four year finance contract for just £314 a month through carwow. The Mii’s range is more than double that of the Smart car models and it’s more spacious too. The Zoe model is Renault’s cheapest electric car on offer, though the Twizy takes the top spot as more of a “quadricycle”, according to carwow. Renault’s Zoe model comes with a battery range of up to 245 miles, and is currently available through carwow for £26,746. 