The EU executive confirmed on Wednesday it has given the go-ahead to trigger the rule of law mechanism against Hungary which could result in Budapest losing crucial EU funds. It is the first time the Commission makes such a strong move against a member state. The mechanism was introduced in recent years to combat EU states' misuse of EU funds, something that Hungary has been accused of repeatedly in recent years. Despite years of criticism by rights campaigners that he was channelling EU funds to his associates, Viktor Orban won a fourth consecutive election victory earlier this month. The European Commission responded by launching its new sanction tool. Vera Jourova, deputy head of the Brussels-based Commission, said: "We identified issues that might be breaching the rule of law in Hungary and affect the EU budget. "Hungary will have to reply to our concerns and propose remedial measures."  Commenting on the news, Green MEP Daniel Freund wrote: "Soon the funding for Orbans corrupt autocracy will run dry. FINALLY!! "BIG BIG success for the European Parliament." MEP and EPP's Vice-Chair Petri Sarvamaa echoed: "Historical day today. "The European Commission is finally acting against the Rule of Law breaches it has identified in Hungary to protect the #EUbudget. READ MORE: Russian arms depot explosion after 'Ukrainian strike' "Glad to see the #ConditionalityRegulation in action." As well as financial concerns there are other issues which "aggravate the situation", a senior EU official said. "The whole picture is not good in terms of rule of law. [We have] serious concerns [and] concrete evidence" DON'T MISS: Trump reveals horrific threat to Vladimir Putin to prevent war [VIDEO] Putin facing race against time with Russian morale 'dangerously low' [INSIGHT] The world must get involved to end Ukraine conflict [ANALYSIS] Social democrat MEP Marianne Vind also welcomed the news. She wrote: "Finally! The EU Commission will initiate proceedings against #Ungarn for breach of the rule of law. "Could not come a moment too soon. "The EP has had to call on this for too long. "Incompatible no longer being a democracy and at the same time receiving EU funds!" The Hungarian government is yet to respond.