An interior expert has shared tips for transforming bedrooms on a budget. Rhiannon Johns, interior designer and brand manager at bedding company Piglet in Bed exclusively told Express.co.uk how to use curtains to “instantly transform” a bedroom. Bedrooms can often be forgotten about when it comes to decorating homes. Kitchens, bathrooms and living spaces are often prioritised as spaces that can add value to a home. However, a bedroom is integral to how homeowners relax, unwind and sleep. Rhiannon said using curtains can take a room from being cold and sterile to “chic”. She said: “One thing I find is that curtains are often overlooked in bedrooms and yet there are so many affordable solutions out there that can take your bedroom from cold and sterile to coastal chic. READ MORE: Weeds: Use baking soda to quickly get rid of ‘stubborn’ patio weeds “A sheer voile or linen curtain will instantly transform and frame a window by adding a modern rustic aesthetic. “If your view isn’t your bedroom’s selling point, they are also a great way to conceal this without totally blocking out the light. “Obviously, during the summer months, you’ll want to add a blackout blind to make sure you don’t wake up with the birds, but a neutral and textured curtain can really make a huge difference.” Black out curtains are essential in the summer, especially for those who work late.  DON'T MISSHouseplants: Use eggshells to ‘boost’ the health of your plants [INSIGHT]What to look out for when viewing houses - check natural light [UPDATE]Interior: How to update your bathroom cabinets to transform a house [ANALYSIS] But for those looking to add luxury, there are other options. Velvet curtains are a great way to add luxury and texture to a room. They are heavy and plush, can keep the heat in and therefore can help to keep energy bills down due to their weight and thickness. Lighter and brighter colours can work in more neutral rooms. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, deep, darker shades can work better in more decadent, luxurious rooms. Biophilic designs can also work in jungle-themed rooms. Palm and jungle prints can look good on both curtains and blinds, especially when teamed with rattan furniture. Green, especially jungle, teal and softer shades, have all featured heavily in 2022 interior trends.  Shades such as eucalyptus and sage can add a hint of colour to “Scandi” or “Japandi” style rooms. With “cottagecore” and “regencycore” trends becoming popular, modern country curtains are a great way to add a hint of the trend without committing. Greys creams, delicate florals and pale pinks all work in this theme. For a more country look, homeowners can opt for a pale gingham curtain or blind.