Making matters worse, the spending power of present day pensioners has been hit by the suspension of the state pension triple lock policy. Tom Selby, head of retirement policy at AJ Bell, said the state pension "should have gold-plated protection in the form of the triple lock". This is a Conservative party manifesto commitment to increase the payment in line with the highest of average earnings, inflation or 2.5 percent. Mr Selby added: “However, a combination of the decision to scrap the earnings link for 2022/23 and the use of September’s 3.1 percent inflation figure to uprate this year means that, in reality, millions of pensioners will see their state pension spending power reduced over the next 12 months. “It’s worth noting that only the basic and flat-rate state pension usually benefit from the triple lock. “Other elements of the old state pension and Pension Credit are just linked to inflation, with the September 2021 rate again used.” READ MORE: State pension, PIP, Universal Credit: Which benefits have increased? Full list Elsewhere, pension savers who reduce their contributions amid the cost of living crisis could face severe consequences in retirement, the expert has warned. Savers feeling the pain during the cost of living crisis could be tempted to reduce or cancel their pension contributions, but an expert has warned this could cause severe damage to retirement plans down the road. Mr Selby warned: “Whether you’re saving for the future, approaching retirement or already taking an income from your pension, the impact of the cost of living crisis is likely to be felt in various ways. “The extent of this impact will depend on a range of factors including your income, spending patterns and how long spiralling prices persist. “A short, sharp bout of inflation would be extremely painful for many, but the real fear is that the cost of living will keep rising over a prolonged period. “People in different stages of their retirement savings journey will also face different challenges in this environment, from maintaining a long-term savings plan when you’re younger to making a pension income stretch further." Mr Selby urged Britons to check their financial position in light of these new circumstances, cut back spending where possible and set a clear budget based on their spending and saving priorities. Saving for retirement during tricky financial times can become a much more difficult task. Mr Selby explained: “If you are saving for retirement the biggest challenge posed by the cost of living crisis will likely be maintaining your current pension contributions. “While saving for the future might feel like a luxury you simply cannot afford at the moment, it’s worth taking some time to write down your incomings and outgoings and think about your priorities. “You might be surprised at the difference a few tweaks to your lifestyle can make to the money you have left to save at the end of the month. “When it comes to long-term saving, the earlier you start the easier it is. What’s more, employees saving in a workplace pension not only benefit from upfront tax relief but matched employer contributions through automatic enrolment.” He added that quitting a workplace scheme will effectively mean someone taking a voluntary pay cut, and warned it is clearly not a decision to be taken lightly. To demonstrate the impact, AJ Bell used the example of a 30-year-old who has just started a new job and has yet to make a pension contribution, assuming they earn £30,000 a year and their salary increases by two percent each year. If they saved in their workplace pension scheme, then eight percent of their salary would go towards their retirement. If, despite the cost of living crisis, they decided to stay in the scheme and enjoyed four percent annual investment growth, AJ Bell says they could have a fund worth £306,000 by age 68, which would be their scheduled state pension age. This assumes their pension contributions are based on total earnings. If they opt out of their workplace pension scheme for three years, then their fund at 68 could be worth significantly less at around £269,000. Putting off saving into a pension for three years would therefore result in losing £37,000 from their pot. 