Manchester United's torrid Tuesday evening at Anfield was made even worse as League One Shrewsbury Town pounced on an opportunity to crack a hurtful jibe on social media. Defeat to Liverpool is never easy for the Red Devils, and they have had to cope with two batterings this season as last night's defeat came six months after their 5-0 massacre at Old Trafford. United hung in there at Anfield for all of four minutes before Harry Maguire's clumsy positioning opened the door for Luis Diaz to open the scoring. Ralf Rangnick and co were two down by half time, and shipped two more after the break before the referee mercifully blew the whistle on a 4-0 rout. With that, United fared worse than League One Shrewsbury who played at Anfield in the FA Cup this January. Granted, it was a second-string Reds side that romped to a 4-1 victory, but the minnows opened the scoring through Daniel Udoh and forced the home side into action. During the first half on Tuesday, one United fan described his team's performance as 'looking like Shrewsbury at Anfield'. The club's official Twitter account got hold of the statement, however, and ruthlessly added: "We scored at Anfield this season. You didn't. Levels." JUST IN: Harry Kane's reason for snubbing move away from Tottenham this summer The response, which attracted huge attention online, rubbed extra salt into United wounds on a night which was miserable enough to begin with. The club's fans and players appear to have given up on the season, despite last week's results offering a glimmer of top-four hope. Tottenham and Arsenal were both defeated on the same day United edged past Norwich to leave them three points off fourth, but their performance at Anfield showed nothing in the way of desire. After the final whistle, Bruno Fernandes effectively confirmed as much when he claimed his team had 'nothing to fight for'. DON'T MISS...Chris Sutton slams Jesse Lingard's clothing choice vs LiverpoolMan Utd icon Paul Scholes tells club to finish 8th in 'saddened' rantMan Utd icon Gary Neville admits he was 'unprofessional' on Sky Sports Rangnick's first few months in charge suggested that the ship had been steadied after turmoil and embarrassment during the latter stages of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's reign. The mood has once again soured at Old Trafford, however, and fans are already counting down the days until Erik ten Hag takes over and instigates dramatic change. With five matches left on the touchline, Rangnick told supporters what they wanted to hear on Tuesday night with the promise of a squad revamp this summer. Paul Pogba, Nemanja Matic, Edinson Cavani, Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata are all expected to leave for free, while a host of arrivals are also on the cards.  "There might be a couple of players — and I have already named those players to the board — that independent from formation, from style of football, and independent from a new manager, that could be of interest for a club like United," said Rangnick. "But in general, if you look at the size of the way the team needs to be rebuilt, I mean, it's not enough to bring in three or four new players. It will be more, bearing in mind how many players will no longer be here with the contracts running out." There might be a couple of players — and I have already named those players to the board — that independent from formation, from style of football, and independent from a new manager, that could be of interest for a club like United. But in general, if you look at the size of the way the team needs to be rebuilt, I mean, it's not enough to bring in three or four new players. It will be more, bearing in mind how many players will no longer be here with the contracts running out."