Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge have taken on an increasingly leading role in recent years, settling into their future positions within the monarchy. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have stepped up since the start of the health crisis in 2020 as the Queen was forced to take a step back from public duties. The Sun's former royal correspondent Charles Rae spoke on GB News about Prince William's plans to shake up his role as King in waiting and his plans to adopt Prince Philip's royal strategy model. Mr Rae said: "It seems like he and Catherine want to concentrate on five or six core charity projects, which was what Prince Philip did, rather than the myriad of charities that the Prince of Wales is involved in. "That doesn't mean that he's going to ignore all these other charities, it just means he's going to concentrate on some of them." The former royal correspondent said that now "this is going to look like as if it's a rift between father and son but it isn't really, it's just a reshaping of the role." He added that this is only "to be expected" as "this is a modern guy who, you know, will one day become Prince of Wales and who will want to do it his way." GB News co-host Anne Diamond pointed out that to be in the position of future monarch you "have to make it mean something". READ MORE: 'Doesn't like stage-managed events' Prince William tipped for overhaul of royal role Speaking of Prince Charles' role as future King, Mr Rae said: "Prince Charles has made it mean something, he started the Prince's Trust." Referring back to Prince William, he said: "He may not concentrate so much on the Prince's Trust but he will concentrate more on his foundation that he started with Prince Harry which in effect does the same sort of job. "It's there to help people, give them a leg up in life so that, you know, perform well in society." The Royal Foundation was originally established in 2009 by William and Harry with both Kate and Meghan joining as patrons later on. Since stepping down from their royal roles, however, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have gone on to create their own charitable organization—the Archewell Foundation. READ MORE: 'A distraction that's not needed' Aussie TV host savages Prince Andrew public return In recent months, Kate and Prince William have teamed up on a few key engagements with Prince Charles and Camilla. The four senior royals first carried out a joint engagement in February 2020. They visited together with the Defence Medical Rehabilitation Centre Stanford Hall in Loughborough. In October last year, the two royal couples dazzled on the red carpet of the world premiere of the latest James Bond film - No Time To Die. Given their shared interest in the environment and fighting climate change, father and son worked closely together during their stay in Glasgow for the COP26 summit. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge recently undertook a difficult tour to three Caribbean nations. During the royal tour, which was part of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, they faced protests as well as cheering crowds of well-wishers. For Kate, since marrying into the Royal Family, she has delved deep into her charity work. She is focussing her charitable endeavours on children’s charities across the years and specialising in the well-being of children and early years development. She made early intervention a huge focus in her charity work.