The spill occurred yesterday, on April 19, following a road traffic collision. But a cleanup operation is still underway for the second day today, on April 20, causing continued delays for drivers. Oil was spilt after a lorry collided with the central reservation. National Highways reported this morning the cleanup was still taking place and would likely last through the morning. It said: “The M25 clockwise in Hertfordshire remains closed between J23 and J25. “The road is likely to remain closed throughout the morning due to the complex nature of the clean-up. The agency asked drivers to consider alternative routes to lessen delays. The Metropolitan Police issued similar advice, telling divers to “avoid the area”. A spokesperson for the service, quoted in HertsLive, previously said: “Police are at the scene dealing with a lorry that was in a collision on the M25. READ MORE: British intelligence slaps down Putin as Ukraine's fightback laid bare "A lorry was reported to have been in collision with the central reservation and spilt cooking oil over the road. The M25 has been closed clockwise from Junction 23 to Junction 25.” Delays were made all the worse today, on April 20, when two cars collided on the M25 anticlockwise causing long queues. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Two remained closed for some time afterwards, causing delays to continue. Reports suggested that, even as the lanes reopened, traffic was moving at only around 10 miles per hour back to Junction 14. It said in a post on Twitter: “Severe delays throughout the Hertfordshire Network this morning due to the M25 closure between J23 and J25. “Expect long delays if driving in this area." Photo footage from motorway cameras show a vast number of cars and lorries queuing on the M25 and it is expected more time is needed for traffic to return to normal.