Arsenal fan Piers Morgan expressed further frustrations with the club and aimed his latest dig at manager Mikel Arteta during Sunday's mammoth Premier League clash between Manchester City and Liverpool. The Gunners were beaten in a second successive game a day earlier, falling to a 2-1 defeat at home to Brighton & Hove Albion. If Man City and Liverpool's title showdown at the Etihad Stadium proved anything, both teams are a class above their top-flight brethren, never mind Arsenal alone. But Arteta's side are currently falling short of their personal target this season, gaining Champions League qualification. Morgan has regularly shared his discontent with the Spanish coach, even during Arsenal's bright spell at the start of 2022. And his latest Twitter comments admitted he was watching Man City take on Liverpool with a 'heavy heart' because of the quality compared to the players at his beloved club's disposal. He tweeted: "Watching this exhilarating match with a heavy heart as I realise not a single Arsenal player would get into either of these teams. Arteta's much-vaunted 'process' hasn't made us any more competitive with the best clubs." JUST IN: Liverpool ended incredible Man City run in Etihad thriller Following the blatant barb at Arteta and his work in north London, an Arsenal fan commented on Morgan's post, telling him to 'just trust the process'. But the controversial columnist responded with a short but clear summary of his current feelings towards the Gunners boss: "I don't trust the process." Arsenal were soaring towards a Champions League return in February and March, winning six of their seven games in the two months, including five on the bounce. But back-to-back losses to Crystal Palace, 3-0 at Selhurst Park, and Brighton have handed Tottenham Hotspur the advantage on a silver platter. READ MORE: Liverpool draw with Man City: 5 things we learned from thriller Arsenal's top-four hopes have taken a cruel blow in recent weeks, with Kieran Tierney expected to miss the remainder of the campaign through injury and Takehiro Tomiyasu and Thomas Partey also absent. Nuno Tavares is yet to convince since his summer arrival, and Granit Xhaka failed to flatter in an unnatural left-back role on Saturday. But after spending more money than any other Premier League club in the summer and haven't had the distraction of European football this season, Arteta would come under fire if Arsenal failed to seal fourth. They trail Tottenham by three points but hold a game in hand over their local rivals, and derby day is still to come. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here