Jane McDonald took her viewers on holiday with her to Orlando, Florida, during the latest episode of her Channel 5 show, Holidaying with Jane McDonald. During the trip, she decided to show viewers what they could do if they also decided to travel solo, including a trip to the famous Disneyland Resort. Whilst walking around the magical kingdom and taking in the sites, Jane became emotional when Mickey Mouse paid her and her friends a visit. Jane's second day in Flordia saw her take to Disneyland with her old friend Sarah Lee and her friend Alice. Whilst getting ready for the fun-filled day, Jane advised her viewers about what they should do if they ever visited. She began: "I think it's for any age group Disney. If you're an adult, a child, whatever, but some tips for Disney is flat shoes. "Something that is really comfortable because you got to walk a lot, but because of the weather here in Florida, a mac for the rain. READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry "Sunglasses, phone for your photographs and some money, and that's it. It's expensive in Disney, but it is worth it watch out, Mickey, here we come." Kicking off the day, they entered Toy Story Land and went on the Slinky ride, which Jane was extremely excited about. As their day came to a close, Jane and her friends were paid a visit by Mickey Mouse, leaving Jane emotional. She exclaimed: "Oooh, there's Mickey Mouse, it's Mickey Mouse! Just let me get Mickey Mouse - so lovely to meet you! "Oh, can I have a picture with you? Girls get yourself in here, we have got Mickey Mouse, get in! Yay, I know you might think we're all a bit strange, but this is Mickey Mouse. "This is the Mickey Mouse, and I don't care who you are or what age you are, Mickey Mouse has been a part of our lives forever. "Thank you, Mickey, thank you so much. We love you." As Mickey walked away, Jane became teary and said: "That has been the best part of Disney for me, meeting Mickey Mouse with my friends. "It's quite emotional, you all think I am bonkers, but it is really emotional, it's lovely. Mickey Mouse came to see us, a hero." DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald forced to explain awkward wardrobe mishap [INSIGHT]Jane McDonald receives marriage proposal on same day as co-star [LATEST]Jane McDonald has 'awkward' moment as she boards boat in travel show [WATCH] Whilst Jane's trip saw her kayaking down a river, taking a trip to Disneyland, and swimming with Manatee, viewers were left annoyed over her "unrealistic" vacation. Jane was able to upgrade both her aeroplane tickets and room when she got to the hotel, as well as having transfers to and from the hotel and a helicopter ride was thrown in. Some viewers couldn't help but think the holiday was a bit of a stretch for the average family vacation and took to social media to express their annoyance. Carl Griffiths fumed: "Who’s ever getting a free upgrade to a suite, flying business class, or having a car like that delivered to the hotel. "I suspect she didn’t actually do anything herself. Some ok info on the program, but unrealistic for most. #HolidayingwithJaneMcDonald." @KyleSew2112 sarcastically added: "Let's show the poor people what they can't afford in this big penthouse." Natalie Booth commented: "It's ok showing us holidays to Florida #janemcdonald, but not everyone gets to jump queues in the Airport, get free flight upgrades to business class & penthouse suites. "How's about showing us the poor mans holiday next time, y'know, the realistic one?" (sic) Holidaying with Jane McDonald airs Sunday from 9pm on Channel 5.