The first half of Better Call Saul’s sixth outing will finally bring the story of Jimmy McGill/Saul Goodman/Gene Takovic (played by Bob Odenkirk) to an end, and fans have already started to lose some other major characters along the way. Fans of AMC’s acclaimed Breaking Bad prequel have taken to Twitter after the shocking death in Monday night’s episode, Rock and Hard Place, which is now available to view on Netflix. Fans have been paying tributes after the brutal reckoning of Nacho Varga (Michael Mando). In the third episode of Better Call Saul season six, viewers said goodbye to a vital supporting player who has been with the series since the beginning. After turning himself into the Salamancas to save his father, Nacho decided to go out on his own terms by shooting himself in the head. His number was up since the end of season five saw him trapped in cartel territory after Gus Fring (Giancarlo Esposito) launched an attack on Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton). READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy Even so, fans were saddened to see Nacho depart the series so early into Saul’s final outing. TR Lawrence posted a tribute on Twitter, writing: “Ignacio ‘Nacho’ Varga. “A character who went from a single reference line in Breaking Bad to becoming one of the greatest characters in the entire Breaking Bad universe in Better Call Saul, forever adding to the overall legacy.” And other fans have even started campaigning for Michael to receive an award nomination for his stunning work in the series. Chris Lair wrote: “I'm not a fan of Hollywood award shows. But if there's any rhyme or reason for having them anymore, they should give an Emmy to Michael Mando for his portrayal of Nacho. “From beginning to end, he has shown some of the best acting chops on TV.” And Jessica Mendes said: “@MandoMichael Michael!! Your scene with your dad made me sob like a baby. You got major acting chops man. You deserve an Emmy! Much respect!” Michael’s departure from the series was also marked by the show’s official Twitter account. DON'T MISS:The Rookie spin-off dealt huge boost after backdoor pilot [LATEST]Yellowjackets star Ella Purnell shares huge update on season 2 [UPDATE]Grace backlash: ITV viewers furious with pre-watershed violence [REACTION] The actor posed from behind the scenes of Better Call Saul’s New Mexico location, joined by a number of crew members all supporting Nacho t-shirts. After nearly six whole seasons with the show, Nacho went out in suitably explosive style, which promises even more tension and revelations to come in the following episode. Having struck a deal with Gus, Nacho has an emotional phone call with his father before handing himself over to the Salamancas. He subsequently launches into a vicious verbal attack against Hector Salamanca (Mark Margolis), revealing it had been him who put him in the wheelchair he’s used since his introduction in Breaking Bad. Finally, after holding Juan Bolsa (Javier Grajeda) hostage with a stolen gun, he instead decided to take his own life, concluding one of the show’s most compelling character arcs. Nacho’s absence in Breaking Bad had already convinced the majority of fans he wouldn’t make it out of the series alive, but his death so soon into the final season nevertheless took viewers by surprise. @pauwly tweeted: “For the love of Papa, what a ride it’s been! RIP Nacho. Thank you Michael.” Kristy Kitsune wrote: “AGH, gut wrenched me today #BetterCallSaul! Nacho, you f****n’ legend. On your own terms til the last second. Cried some heavy tears for you.” @realGansettGuy said: “I'm going to miss @MandoMichael on #BetterCallSaul. By far, Nacho was one of my favourite characters in the entire #BreakingBad franchise. Looking forward to whatever endeavours he takes on next.” Michael could soon be menacing Peter Parker (Tom Holland) as Mac Gargan/Scorpion after his appearance in Spider-Man: Homecoming, and he is also known for his appearances in the Far Cry video game series and Orphan Black. Better Call Saul season 6 continues Mondays on AMC and the following Tuesday on Netflix.