Contestants Evanie, Brian and Harsimar all joined Tipping Point host Ben Shephard for a chance to win a life-changing sum of money on Tuesday. During the first round, however, Ben teased Evanie as she made a mistake and forgot to press the button to release the counter, to which he reminded her about the rules of the show. Kicking off the show, Evanie buzzed in first and answered her question correctly, which meant she was the first to put a counter in the machine. She decided to play and opted for drop zone one as the place to drop her counter. However, after standing awkwardly for a moment, Ben had to remind her that she had to push the button in order for the counter to fall. "Take your time, remember it is you that has to do it, Evanie," Ben quipped. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces "Oh, sorry," Evanie exclaimed as she realised her mistake before beginning to chuckle at the error. Unfortunately, she didn't manage to get any counters off of the shelf and into her bank. Viewers of the show found Evanie's innocent mistake funny and took to social media to discuss her incident, with Twitter user @StevenLobel10 commenting: "Has Evanie seen this show?" @DanDan_1979 added to the social media discussion: "Wakey wakey #TippingPoint." @Chloe_Bows quipped: "Press the button, my hun, the counter won't drop by itself!" Roland Marrows laughed: "The contestants is what makes this show so enjoyable! Bless her forgetting to press the button when it's the whole premise of the show!" (sic) At the end of the first round, Evanie still had no money in her bank, while Harsimar had £100 and Brian stormed ahead with £1,200. Under the new format, the second round gave the contestants 45 seconds to answer as many questions as they could as opposed to previous series' time of 30 seconds. DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard admits wife stopped him from missing GMB episode [INSIGHT]Tipping Point uproar as Ben unveils all-new format change [LATEST]Louise Minchin touches on husband's cancer battle on Tipping Point [WATCH] It was during this round that Evanie made a comeback by racking up £500 and ended up kicking Harsimar out of the show, while Brian was still ahead with £1,800. The third round, unfortunately for Evanie, was where she was kicked from the competition as she didn't manage to correctly answer a single question or add to her bank. Brian went into the final round with £3,050 and was eager to try and get the jackpot counter out of the machine. After answering every question correctly and pushing his bank balance up to £4,400, he decided not to take the risk of three extra counters in exchange for his prize pot and went home with the money he had made. Ben and Brian decided to see if he would have been able to get the jackpot counter off of the shelf if he had decided to take the chance. Whilst Brian stood in silence watching, Ben nervously said: "I think you made the right decision, I think you might not even go over the top shelf. "It's flat, I don't want to breathe just yet," the ITV host added and soon let out a sigh of relief when the jackpot counter didn't make it out of the machine. Brian thanked Ben for the experience and explained that he would be putting the money towards his wedding and honeymoon. Tipping Point airs weekdays from 4pm on ITV.