Erik ten Hag has been spotted at his management's office building in Amsterdam after reportedly agreeing a contract to become Manchester United manager. The Ajax boss is expected to sign a multi-year deal at Old Trafford, with confirmation widely thought to be imminent. On Monday, Fabrizio Romano reported that an agreement on Ten Hag's United contract was 'set to be completed' as talks with Ajax over his £1.7million (€2m) compensation continued. The deal now looks to be on the brink of confirmation after the Dutchman was 'spotted' by a fan at his management's building. On Wednesday, @TheEuropeanLad, a popular Ajax account, posted an image on Twitter that seemingly showed Ten Hag with another individual inside a building. He captioned the post: "Bad pic but a friend of mine just spotted him [Ten Hag] in the building where SEG is located." Sports Entertainment Group (SEG) is based in Amsterdam's Endemol building, where Ten Hag was allegedly spotted with other figures. The agency represents some of the Netherlands' biggest names, including ex-United star Daley Blind. JUST IN: Harry Kane's reason for snubbing move away from Tottenham this summer Erik ten Hag is understood to have agreed to join United for an initial three-year period with the option of a further year or a straight four-year term lasting until 2026. Romano reported that negotiations over the length of his contract were continuing, but he may have now put pen to paper. United are widely expected to confirm Ten Hag's impending arrival this week after he emerged as the chosen candidate earlier this month. Once the appointment has been announced, planning for next season will likely enter the next gear as a disastrous campaign comes to a close. READ MORE: Carvalho breaks silence on Liverpool as Fulham secure Premier League  The Old Trafford dugout isn't the only segment of the club's structure expecting change over the coming months. United confirmed today that chief scout Jim Lawlor and head of global scouting Marcel Bout had departed after 16 and eight years of service, respectively. Since Ed Woodward's tumultuous reign as chief executive came to an end, Richard Arnold has replaced him in the hot seat, giving football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher freedom to make football decisions. Ralf Rangnick will join the boardroom in a consultancy role once his spell as interim manager concludes at the end of the season, whilst the search for a deputy football director progresses. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.