Allan Thorne was taking a hike across he Larrermuir Hills between East Lothian and the Borders on Easter Sunday when he stumbled across the massive reptile. The serpent, which had been lying coiled up in a heap of bracken, is believed to have been nearly a metre long. Mr Thorne took pictured of the coiled-up snake that was lying still before issuing a warning to other hillwalkers as more snakes are now likely to be coming out of hibernation into warmer habitats. He said: "Came across this guy today. Just a reminder that they are out and about. "The adder may be sluggish just now as it’s still not warm enough but they can still bite if you're not careful. "It was still too cold to really move but I still took the picture from about a metre away just in case. "It’s only the second time I’ve ever seen one out in the wild." Despite being relatively shy, the adder is the UK's most venomous snake and spends its days in woodland, soaking up the sun. It can swallow its prey in full and although their poison is of little danger to humans, their bite can still pack a huge punch. Adders hibernate in colder weather from October through until March where they sleep in sheltered, dry spots such as old rodent burrows or within fallen trees. The Wildlife Trusts warns although adder venom poses little threat to humans, a bite can still cause some inflammation and the person should still seek medical help "immediately". READ MORE: Land Rover driver fined £1,000 after passing cyclist It said: "The adder's poison is generally of little danger to humans: an adder bite can be painful and cause a inflammation, but is really only dangerous to the very young, ill or old. "If bitten, medical attention should be sought immediately, however. "Adders are secretive animals and prefer to slither off into the undergrowth rather than confront and bite humans and domestic animals; most attacks happen when they are trodden on or picked up." Gilly Mendes Ferrea, head of education policy and research at the Scottish Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SSPCA), warned: “Adders come out of hibernation in spring and are the only venomous snake in the UK. DON'T MISSTory MP launches furious tirade at officials BLOCKING progress [COMMENTS]Have your say: Should Boris be punished further for lockdown breach? [OPINION]UK storm warning: -7C freeze and heavy downpours to hit Britain [FORECAST] “They are not aggressive snakes and only tend to use their venom as a last resort, for example if they are stepped on or cornered. “Dogs can also occasionally disturb adders while on their walk. If you are worried your dog has been bitten by an adder please seek veterinary treatment immediately. “If anyone does come across an adder while out walking we’d simply advise them to give the snake plenty of space and leave it alone. "If you are concerned you may have been bitten by an adder we would advise that you seek immediate medical attention.” Several adders were also spotted in various spots throughout the Isle of Wight over the Easter weekend, particularly on Ventnor Downs, St Boniface Downs, around Ventnor Golf Course, and in Luccombe.