Gary Neville has named seven Liverpool players he expected more from in the first half against Manchester City on Sunday. Liverpool claimed a 2-2 draw at the Etihad to keep their Premier League title hopes alive. City remain a point clear at the top of the table. Pep Guardiola's side led 2-1 at the break but easily could have been further ahead. Neville thought Liverpool's spine was not at it in the first half. Speaking on the Gary Neville podcast, the former Manchester United right-back went on to name seven of Jurgen Klopp's team who should have performed better in the first half. He said: "Not disappointed with anything I've seen. I'd liked to, in the first half, see more authority from Fabinho, from [Virgil] Van Dijk, from Alisson. READ MORE: Man Utd hope to agree £1.7m Erik ten Hag deal 'this week' as talks advance  "That Liverpool incredible spine. Thiago on the ball, [Jordan] Henderson, that experience that they've got there. "I thought, really, the first half they didn't play well. They didn't play well, they didn't show up. "And [Mohamed] Salah and [Sadio] Mane didn't get in the game." Neville says Salah and Mane in particular stepped it up in the second half. DON'T MISSRoy Keane and Micah Richards criticise two Liverpool stars during Man City clash [REACTION]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel issues warning to Timo Werner ahead of Real Madrid clash [QUOTES]Antonio Conte relying on double Tottenham exit before making James Maddison bid [TRANSFERS]  Salah set up Mane for an equaliser less than a minute after the break. Neville said: "But in the second half they turned up. "Salah and Mane turned up in the second half. If you ever wondered if they should start, and whether [Luis] Diaz should come in or [Roberto] Firmino should come back, you saw in that second half between Salah and Mane why they're still operating at the very highest level. "They've built up so much trust, they've got too many credits in the bank for them to be hoicked off at half-time or for them to be even left out, because they still deliver. And they delivered on that second goal that Liverpool equalised with."  Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp said he wasn't too displeased with the first-half performance. The German commented: "Not unhappy, but I knew we could improve. "It is not that I went in and said, ‘How can we do that?’ I know how intense it is. The concentration level in these games is incredible, to be honest. "I have said now a couple of times, it is like two boxers, two heavyweights, and in the moment you put your arms down you get such a knock in the middle of your face and then you have to get up again, to try to get control again, and that’s what happened. What we said at half-time - and what we said before the game already - was [about] the way we have to defend because we had to be there [and] more braver in these moments."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here