Rumours surrounding the fallout between brothers Prince William and Prince Harry have dogged the Royal Family since Harry’s 2018 wedding to Meghan Markle. William has been reported as having concerns about their brief courtship, and Harry and Meghan’s subsequent departure from royal life only served to fan the flames. Now, royal author and expert Robert Jobson has shed light on the fractious time in the brothers’ lives in his new book, ‘William at 40: The Making Of A Modern Monarch’. In an adapted excerpt from the book, published by the Mail on Sunday, Mr Jobson outlines how William tried to be there for his brother ahead of his wedding. Mr Jobson wrote: “It’s often assumed that Catherine [Duchess of Cambridge] played the role of mediator when tensions began mounting during the run-up to Harry’s wedding. “Not so, says a source close to both brothers: in fact, William himself put the most effort into bridge-building.” The source is quoted as saying: “Every time there was a drama, or a member of staff was on the verge of quitting, William would personally try and sort it out.” READ MORE: Meghan 'pushes Harry away' after televised kiss  Meghan was later accused of bullying Palace staff, with a number of her team resigning. The Duchess firmly denies the allegations. Buckingham Palace subsequently launched an investigation into the matter, but no results have yet been published. One particularly widely-reported damaging story that emerged from the run-up to Harry and Meghan’s wedding involved the tiara that Meghan would wear. The Duke of Sussex reportedly shouted at royal dresser Angela Kelly when the tiara Meghan wanted to wear could not be made available for an unscheduled hair appointment. He allegedly shouted: “What Meghan wants, Meghan gets” at the aid. Writing on the incident, Mr Jobson said it pushed Prince William to “his limits” after his attempts at smoothing things over, and said that he “reacted rather differently” this time. Mr Jobson added: “The deterioration of relations between the brothers is now well known. “It had started when Harry took umbrage at William’s advice to be cautious and take time to get to know his American girlfriend before committing himself.”  Both William and Kate reportedly tried to warn Harry “not to rush” into getting married, according to another book by investigative journalists Dylan Howard and Andy Tillett, titled ‘Royals at War’. According to the book, the Duke of Sussex was less than impressed with the well-meaning advice. The authors wrote: “The rifts that eventually opened up in the Royal family after Meghan arrived could have been avoided if Harry was able to empathise and take his brother’s concerns in the spirit they were intended.” Since then, relations appear to have gone from bad to worse between the once-close brothers.  Mr Jobson wrote of comments made by Harry to a journalist during a trip to Southern Africa, in which he admitted he wasn’t as close to his older brother as he had once been. Mr Jobson wrote: “At the time, William kept silent but staff were aware of his simmering resentment. “‘To say William felt deeply let down would be an understatement. He wasn’t sure if he could ever fully trust his brother again,’ said one member of his circle.” Representatives of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been contacted for comment. 