The BBC cooking competition has continued to remain a favourite, with viewers tuning in to MasterChef to give their views on each episode. Contestants have to think outside the box to create unique dishes, but during Thursday's instalment, several picked up on the fact that the group seem to be fond of taking a traditional plate and "deconstructing" it. As Radha presented her deconstructed apple crumble, those watching the show at home couldn't help but weigh in with their opinions on the practice, with one stating: "when will people stop deconstructing?" Law graduate Radha made the unconventional crumble with a walnut brittle, blackberries, pickled apples, and a blackberry coulis. To top it off, she completed the dish with a helping of vanilla ice cream to be served alongside the desert. "Really like the blackberry coulis, I loved the pickled apples - I think that's great," judge John Torode commented. "I think you got the flavours of an apple crumble right, but to actually construct then deconstruct it, it's all out of proportion." READ MORE: 'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview Gregg Wallace remarked: "That's lovely vanilla ice cream. It's so creamy." He added: "I like the fact that you've got walnuts in with your crumble because walnuts give a slight bitterness. "You've got some nice ideas, you've got good flavours... but it looks really funny." "I don't think I showed them the best of me," an emotional Radha commented afterwards.  Viewers quickly took to social media to plead with contestants to stop using the technique, seeming to agree with the judges. Twitter user @Julie_McGann1 wrote: "'I've made a deconstructed... It's a NO from me... ' #MasterChef." @IshyPi penned: "The world doesn't need deconstructed Apple Crumbles, nor does the crumble need walnuts, so bog off #MasterChef." "I've made a deconstructed... Stop right there #masterchef," shared @darrenbizzle2. DON'T MISS... The Chase's Mark Labbett left red-faced after Bradley shut-down [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Penny Branning returns in blackmail plot twist [THEORY]'William and Charles will be furious!' says Carole Malone over Harry [VIDEO] Agreeing with the common view, @Erasmo2058 commented: "Apple crumble is pretty much a perfect pudding, not much else you can do to it to improve it. Whatever you do that’s not traditional is just going backwards. #Masterchef." @FlopsyPickle echoed this, posting: "Bloody love apple crumble, reminds me of growing up. "But the best part about a crumble is when the sharp apples caramelise and the crumble starts going a bit stodgy underneath. I don’t want a deconstructed version #MasterChefUK #Masterchef." @ScribensCheryl asked: "When are people going to stop pickling and deconstructing things? #MasterChef."  The end of the episode saw two more contestants eliminated, narrowly missing out on a place in the quarter-finals. "Well done," Gregg told the group, adding: "We really admire your ambition and your hard work, we really do. "Thank you very much indeed." He went on to announce the disappointing news that Dean and Martin had not made it through to the next stage. "It just didn't work for me today," Dean commented, as Martin stated: "No regrets whatsoever, it's something which I will treasure for the rest of my life." MasterChef continues on Friday at 8pm on BBC One.