Regional governor Pavel Kirilenko said at least 39 people were killed and 87 wounded in a Russian missile strike on a packed railway station in the eastern Ukrainian city of Kramatorsk on Friday, as civilians waited to be evacuated. Ukrainian authorities have said at least two children were among the dead. Donetsk regional police said in a statement: “Russia hit the railway station in Kramatorsk today. "The rocket hit the temporary waiting room, where hundreds of people were waiting for the evacuation train. "This is another proof that Russia is brutally, barbarically killing the civilian Ukrainians, with one goal only -- to kill." Kramatorsk railway station has been a crucial hub for evacuating civilians from the Donbas region, which has seen some of the worst of the fighting since Russia invaded Ukraine on 24 February. Thousands of people were reportedly waiting at the station when two missiles struck on Friday morning. The police said first responders were continuing to work at the scene. A statement from the City Council said: “The Russians are deliberately trying to disrupt the evacuation of civilians.” Most of the people waiting at the station were reportedly women, children and older people.  Mr Kirilenko said Russian forces would have been aware that civilians were being evacuated from the Donetsk region to safer areas of Ukraine. Mr Kirilenko said: "The rashists [Russian fascists] knew well where they were hitting and what they want: they want to take hostage as many peaceful people as possible, they want to destroy everything Ukrainian." Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said around 100 people were injured "to varying degrees of severity" by the strike. In a post on his Instagram page, Mr Zelensky said: "[Russian forces] are cynically destroying the civilian population. This is an evil that has no limits. And if it is not punished, it will never stop." The eastern city of Kramatorsk was one of the first places to be targeted by the Russian military when Vladimir Putin launched his invasion of Ukraine.  Tetiana Ihnatchenko, spokesperson for the Donetsk regional administration, said that the Russian military would have known thousands of civilians were at the station when they launched the strike. She said: "[Evacuations] have been going on since February 26, and the Russians knew that thousands of people are there every day. "I believe that's what they were counting on."  The Kremlin has denied that Russia carried out the strike. The attack comes after harrowing reports emerged of Russian troops killing civilians in areas around the capital Kyiv. More than 300 civilians were reportedly killed in the town of Bucha, where bodies were found lying in the street with their arms tied behind their backs in what appeared to be execution-style killings. Civilians were also found hastily buried in mass graves after Russian troops retreated from areas around the capital last week, adding to mounting evidence of Russia committing war crimes in Ukraine. A similar situation is unfolding in Borodyanka, just 15 miles away from Bucha. In his nightly presidential address on Thursday, Mr Zelensky said the amount of damage and killings in Borodyanka was becoming clearer. He said: "The work on dismantling the debris in Borodyanka began... It's much worse there. "Even more victims of the Russian occupiers. "And what will happen when the world learns the whole truth about what the Russian military did in Mariupol? There, on almost every street, is what the world saw in Bucha and other towns in the Kyiv region after the withdrawal of Russian troops. "The same cruelty. The same heinous crimes."    Putin has been accused of directly targeting civilians since the invasion began, with the UN confirming over 1,000 civilians have been killed so far, though the true number is expected to be much higher. Ukraine has said it aimed to establish up to ten humanitarian corridors to evacuate trapped civilians on Friday, but that people trying to flee the besieged city of Mariupol may have to use their own vehicles. It comes as Russian forces in the north have reportedly fully withdrawn from Ukraine as Moscow shifts its focus further to the east of the country, according to British military intelligence. The Ministry of Defence said on Friday that many of these forces will require "significant replenishment" before being ready to deploy further east, with any mass redeployment from the north likely to take at least a week. Officials have warned that the window was closing for civilians to flee as Russian troops regroup. Following the strike on Kramatorsk, the Ukraine railway service said that evacuations from the eastern Donbas region would continue from nearby Sloviansk. The local government body vowed that "anyone who wants to leave the region will be able to do so." 