Troops supported by air firepower and artillery shelling attempted to storm the Azovstal steel plant – the city’s last stronghold where more than 2,000 soldiers as well as civilians are holed up, starved of humanitarian aid. Oleksiy Arestovich, adviser to Ukraine president Volodymyr Zelensky, said: “Russian troops are trying to finish off the defenders of Azovstal and more than 1,000 civilians who are hiding at the plant.” It came as Mr Zelensky met Antony Blinken and Lloyd Austin, US Secretaries of State and Defence, in Kyiv – the first time top American officials to travel to Ukraine since the invasion and a month after Mr Zelensky addressed Congress. They discussed the weapons Ukraine needs as Russia continues to bombard the south and east. Russian troops have gradually taken control of most of south-eastern Mariupol, denying food, water and medicine to arrive and civilians to leave through humanitarian corridors. The factory is the final stronghold in the port. The ultra-nationalist Azov regiment of Ukraine’s national guard has released footage of two dozen women and children who have reportedly been living underground in the steel plant’s tunnels for the past eight weeks. In the video, one young girl says she and her family “have seen neither the sky nor the sun” since they left home on February 27. It is thought 100,000 residents also remain in the city, with extremely limited supplies of food and water. It led to calls for a ceasefire as Ukrainians and Russians celebrated Orthodox Easter but they were ignored. And efforts to help civilians escape Mariupol through a humanitarian corridor collapsed again yesterday, said Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk. Another attempt would be made today, she said. The siege of Mariupol is one of Russia’s few successes in an invasion that has sputtered and stalled since February 24. Analysts say President Putin is desperate to also capture Odesa and form a land bridge between Russia and Transnistria – the pro-Russian breakaway region of Moldova – in order to cut off Kyiv’s access to the Black Sea. Putin claims his forces have “liberated” Mariupol, most of which has been flattened by shelling over the past two months. But Mr Arestovich defiantly countered that “as long as we are here, Mariupol remains under control of Ukraine”. Over the weekend, as Putin was shown attending midnight mass at Christ the Saviour Cathedral near the Kremlin in Moscow, President Zelensky delivered an Easter message. He said no “wickedness” would destroy his country and prayed that God returns happiness to children and brings solace to grieving mothers. In the video address from the 1,000-year-old Saint Sophia Cathedral in Kyiv, he vowed Ukraine would overcome the “dark times” Russia’s invasion had brought. He said: “We still believe in the new victory of Ukraine and we are all convinced we will not be destroyed by any horde or wickedness.” Mr Zelensky plans to meet with UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres on Thursday.