Aristocratic families have mingled closely with the Royal Family for centuries. And over the Queen's reign, many noble families have asked the monarch for the ultimate honour - to be the godmother of their respective children. Here are some of the most famous of the Queen's godchildren. Charles Edward Maurice Spencer was born on May 20, 1964, the youngest child of John Spencer, 8th Earl Spencer, and Frances Shand Kydd, then known as Viscount and Viscountess Althorp. His parents divorced when he was three, and he held the title of Viscount Althorp after his father became Earl Spencer in 1975. Upon the death of his father in 1992, Charles became the 9th Earl Spencer. READ MORE: Thomas Markle to visit UK for Platinum Jubilee  Charles Spencer's older sister was Lady Diana Spencer, who became the Princess of Wales when she married Prince Charles in 1981. She died in 1997 in a car crash in Paris. Through his sister, Earl Spencer is Prince William and Prince Harry's maternal uncle. Charles' older sisters include Lady Sarah McCorquodale and Jane Fellowes, Baroness Fellowes. The Spencer family has long been associated with the Royal Family, and Diana even spent the first few years of her life at Park House on the Queen's Sandringham Estate.  David Armstrong-Jones, 2nd Earl of Snowdon, is the eldest child of the Queen's sister Princess Margaret and Antony Armstrong-Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon. He was born in 1961, and his parents also had a daughter a few years later, Lady Sarah Chatto. David's maternal aunt is Queen Elizabeth II, and she is also one of his godparents. He frequently appears at royal events, and his daughter Lady Margarita Armstrong-Jones was a bridesmaid at Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's wedding in 2011. When he was born, David was fifth in the line of succession to the throne and he was known as Viscount Linley until his father died in 2017. DON'T MISS:Platinum Jubilee celebrations MAPPED - The key events near me [MAP]‘Not bringing the children was another slap in the face to the Queen.’ [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan accused of 'disliking England' [LIVE]  Edwina Brudenell was born Edwina Victoria Louise Hicks on December 24, 1961, the eldest child of Lady Pamela Hicks and David Nightingale Hicks. Lady Pamela's father was Louis Mountbatten, 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma, Prince Philip's maternal uncle and close confidante of his son, Prince Charles. Lady Pamela was a bridesmaid and lady-in-waiting to the Queen, and the Queen is her eldest child's godmother. Edwina was married to actor Jeremy Brudenell and they had three children.  In 2002 to mark the Golden Jubilee, Buckingham Palace tallied the Queen's godchildren count at an impressive 30, although this number may have varied in the two decades since. Many of the Queen's grandchildren have close familial links to the Royal Family, while some are actually descendants of royal families in the UK and abroad.  As per Town and Country, the Queen's godchildren are: 