The Queen’s Sandringham estate has a small cottage located in the corner that has a rich royal history. The secluded corner of the Sandringham Estate in Norfolk is called Wood Farm and it is known for being one of the most normal houses owned by the royals. There are many historic and modern day links that stretch from the Queen's uncle Prince John to the late Duke of Edinburgh.  It is reported Her Majesty has a special place in her heart for Wood Farm and treasures the private time she spent Prince Philip before his sad death in April 2021. Sandringham House stands on a 20,000 estate in the Norfolk Coast Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. The estate also has several other buildings on the grounds, including Prince William and Kate Middleton’s countryside home of Anmer Hall, Park House and York Cottage. But there is one home on the vast estate that is tucked away from public view and has links to many famous royals. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'excited by his keen reception' in latest video  Wood Farm is a small cottage that was built around the same time as the main Sandringham House and was sold to and adapted for the future King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra. After his retirement in 2017, Prince Philip spent a large majority of his time at Wood Farm, rather than staying in London. Wood Farm has also been the location where divorced spouses of royals are put up over the holiday period so they can be near their children but also not officially at the Queen’s festive holiday celebrations at Sandringham House. The couple reportedly relished the time they could spend together at the secluded home. Royal biographer Robert Jobson previously explained Wood Farm had long been a place of retreat for the Queen. He said: "The Grade II-listed Wood Farm, located on a secluded part of the Queen’s Sandringham Estate looking out to sea, has long been a bolthole for the Queen and her late husband Prince Philip. "It is where the Queen, Philip, and their four children went to relax for more than 50 years. “And, of course, it is where Philip made his retirement home in his twilight years with the Queen’s blessing.  “The Queen was known to cook and even do dishes while she was staying there." He continued: "It is now the place Her Majesty, now a widow, has chosen to go for a bit of privacy and reflection after a traumatic 12 months. “With its simple furnishings and open fires, it is a lot less formal than life at Windsor, Buckingham Palace and even Balmoral, although it is spacious enough. “When Philip was there, he didn’t stand on ceremony and servants didn’t wear the usual royal uniforms," he told the Mirror.  While Prince Philip is the most recent royal to live at Wood Farm on a permanent basis, the most notable resident was Prince John, the youngest son of King George V and Queen Mary. Prince John was born on July 12, 1905 at York Cottage on the Sandringham Estate in Norfolk. At the time of his birth, his parents were the Prince and Princess of Wales and his grandfather was King Edward VII. He was also a great-grandson of Queen Victoria. The Prince suffered epileptic seizures, so in 1916, was sent away to live with his governess Charlotte Bill at Wood Farm. On January 18, 1919, Prince John died in his sleep at Wood Farm following a severe seizure. He is buried at St Mary Magdalene Church in Norfolk. 