Ms Le Pen faced down the incumbent Emmanuel Macron on Wednesday in the first televised debate between the two ahead of Sunday's second and decisive round of voting. Far-right Ms Le Pen trailed behind the centrist incumbent in April 10’s first round, and subsequent polling expects Mr Macron to win this weekend – but millions of voters remain undecided and there is everything for the candidates to play for yet. A highly charged evening, the pair went at each other over some of France and Europe's most pressing issues, including the cost of living crisis, Russia, and the EU. Mr Macron accused Ms Le Pen of harbouring an undiminished desire to pull France out of the EU, something that has been a hot topic between the two. For most of her political career, Ms Le Pen has taken an aggressive stance on the EU, praising Britain for cutting ties with the bloc in 2016. Until 2019, she consistently argued that the EU needed Britain much more than Britain needed the EU, and that a France under her leadership would similarly exit Brussels. But, after witnessing the lengthy, difficult and costly complications of the UK's withdrawal, coupled with the potential adverse economic effects, Ms Le Pen later pledged that she would keep France in the EU and reform it from within. Ms Le Pen, leader of the Rassemblement National (National Rally), has notably toned down her approach to the EU at this election. In 2017 — an election she lost to Mr Macron — her manifesto promised a referendum on EU membership following six months of talks to try to radically reform the bloc. This year's electoral program — 22 measures for France — does not even give the EU a direct mention. She has also dropped talk of pulling France out of the single currency, the euro. Despite this, it is undisputed that a Ms Le Pen presidency would shake Brussels to its core. This is largely based on the fact that France and the EU have one of the most entrenched political relationships: France was a founding member of the bloc and is now its second-largest financial backer. JUST IN: Putin SNUBBED by Mariupol commander Aware of this, Ms Le Pen wants to slash France's contributions to the EU, tighten the currently liberal Schengen Treaty that allows free circulation of goods and people — some say she may even ignore it altogether — and hold a referendum on stopping "uncontrolled" immigration. A fictional Politico piece that envisions what the day after a victory for Ms Le Pen would look like — based on her previous rhetoric on the EU — predicts: "In Brussels, President Le Pen announces she will effectively abolish the European Commission, the bloc’s executive arm, by transforming it into a Secretariat to rubber-stamp legislation agreed by the Council of EU heads of state. "She will immediately reduce France’s contribution to the EU budget by €5billion (£4.1billion) per year. "She will introduce the notion of a national priority favouring French nationals over foreigners for access to public goods and services into the Constitution. DON'T MISS Hillary Clinton urges judge to dismiss Trump's 2016 election lawsuit [REPORT] Putin's mouthpiece now claims British Nazis are fighting in Ukraine [INSIGHT] Putin ally Vladislav Avayev found dead in his Moscow apartment  [ANALYSIS] "She will ignore the Schengen Treaty that allows for free circulation of goods and people, in theory, around the bloc and reinstate border controls. "And she will ask the French people via a referendum if they want EU law to remain superior to French law, or reclaim their legal sovereignty." Ms Le Pen would undermine the liberal rule book the EU has rolled out across its member states, prioritising French people's access to welfare, social housing and jobs over other EU citizens. The policies, according to the notion of the primacy of EU law, would completely contradict Brussels. Jonathan Eyal, Associate Director at the Royal United Services Institute (Rusi) think tank, has said her plans could leave the EU in "paralysis". This is because other member states like Hungary and Poland could join forces with France to try and curb the powers of the European Commission. Mr Eyal told the BBC that the EU would soon look more like "a gaggle of nations states rather than a unified concept". Opponents of Ms Le Pen call her 2022 election manifesto approach to the EU as "Frexit in all but name". Pascal Lamy, who was chief of staff to the former European Commission president Jacques Delors, said a Le Pen victory would be a major shock on a bigger scale “than Trump was for the United States, or Brexit for the UK”. He said her “sovereigntist, protectionist, nationalist” agenda would “totally contradict the French commitment to European integration” and includes “proposals which are in total breach of the treaties to which France has subscribed". But supporters of Ms Le Pen say it is a chance to breathe new life into the EU, something they claim has grown too comfortable, bureaucratic, and inward looking in recent decades, As things stand, Mr Macron leads Ms Le Pen by 10 percent in the polls. After Wednesday evening's TV debate, many snap polls suggested that the French public believe Mr Macron handled the challenge far better than his far-right counterpart. The final and decisive election takes place on Sunday, April 24.