According to GardeningExpress, plants such as bamboo and palm trees can add a more “exotic” and “tropical look” to a garden while plants such as Passion flowers and the Californian lilac can add a “gorgeous pop of colour”. With spring in full force, what else can gardeners plant from countries abroad this year? Chris Bonnett, founder of GardeningExpress said: “Growing holiday plants at home is a really great way to add another element to your garden that other people may not have. “A lof of people won’t be aware they can grow a lot of these holiday plants in the UK because naturally your first thought is that they must need a hot climate to survive which isn’t always the case. “As long as the plants are pretty hardy there is no reason why we can’t grow them here, they’ll need to be kept away from frosts and harsh colds. “You’re definitely at more of an advantage to grow holiday plants if you have a greenhouse or conservatory because they tend to stay pretty warm and let lots of light but it’s certainly still possible to grow these plants without either of those things.” READ MORE: Simple, effective and cheap way to kill garden weeds using cardboard One holiday plant suggested by the experts is bougainvillea. The experts said: “This bright and colourful plant is found in places like Brazil, Peru and Southern Argentina. “Bougainvillea need plenty of room to grow and the key to growing them in the UK is to protect them from frost, making them perfect for those who have a greenhouse or conservatory. “In terms of watering, it’s important to allow the plant to fully dry before watering again.” DON'T MISS:Quiet Welsh town where properties sell for less than £250,000 named [INSIGHT]UK house prices hit new record in ‘spring frenzy’ [COMMENT]‘Indestructible’ garden plants which will ‘thrive’ on their own [EXPERT] Gardeners will also be happy to learn that palm trees can grow in the UK because they are hardy. The experts recommended the chasun palm and needle palm for growing in UK gardens. They added: “During the first week of planting you’ll want to water your palm tree everyday, after that you’ll want to keep it moist but not clogged.” Cherry blossom trees, which originated from China and found their way to Japan, are gorgeous trees which can be grown in the UK. GardeningExpress said this “beautiful” and “soft” tree adds a light touch of colour to any outdoor space. The experts said: “Cherry blossom trees will do best in full sun and it’s important to keep the soil moist but well drained also. “Container grown trees can be planted all year, but if you are trying to plant bare-root then this should be done between November and March.” Passiflora, a hardy variety of the passion flower, is a gorgeous flower which can add lots of bright colour to the garden. According to the experts, these climbing flowers look “incredibly exotic”. They added: “It’s best to grow these on a wall that is exposed to plenty of sun and try to protect it from cold winds.” Bamboo is also another addition to the garden which can add a tropical touch. What’s more, it’s known to be unkillable, making it perfect for beginner gardeners. The experts explained: “They’re pretty easy to grow as they’re hardy and low maintenance. The best time to plant bamboo is spring and you’ll want to ensure you keep the soil moist and well-drained. “Bamboo hates being dry so it’s important to keep an extra eye on it during the summer.”