With the price of food and heating skyrocketing, and the removal of the triple lock pension system depriving elderly people of a commensurate rise in funds, elderly people are at serious risk of falling victim to the cold. The state pension rose by just 3.1 percent today, five percent lower than the predicted raise had the Government not unsevered the link between pensions and average UK earnings. GB News Wales reporter Lily Hewitson visited pensioners in Pontypool in South Wales who said “elderly people will be dying of cold” following a second rise in utility bills this October. Responding to whether the three percent state pension increase would offset the cost of living crisis, a pensioner named Bridgette said: “It’s not sufficient to cover the cost of everything going up. “The utilities have just gone up and their going up again in October and I find that the triple lock has been taken away from us. “Elderly people will be dying of cold, not covid and the low intake of nutrition, which is vital at our age.” With the cost of living accelerating at its fastest rate in over 30 years, millions of pensioners face a brutal winter at the end of this year. Official forecasters expect the rate of inflation to peak at close to nine percent later this year, with experts warning that this will have a disproportionate and calamitous effect on the lowest income households. In real figures, the three percent state pension increase leaves the elderly with only a £5.55 a week addition to their current plan if they had reached the state pension age of 66 after April 2016. Pensioners on a basic state pension will receive only a £4.25 a week increase, leaving them with a mere £141.85 a week. READ MORE: 'Triple lock has been taken!' Pensioners fury 'I've worked hard' [REPORT] And in further devastating news, the state pension age is set to increase to 67 in the next five years, and then to 68 as early as the next 15 years. This could leave thousands more elderly and vulnerable people without the access to necessary funds to keep warm and well-fed. A second review into whether this schedule is appropriate will be conducted by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) in May 2023. The age increase was suggested by the department in its first review in 2017 using life expectancy data from 2014. DON'T MISS: Fury as state pension rises today - 'I'm getting just 74p a week more' [REPORT] State pension age change could see over 60s miss out on free travel [REVEAL]Pensioners urged to claim DWP benefit as energy cap could hit £3,000 [SPOTLIGHT] The Government decided to temporarily scrap the triple lock system after the coronavirus pandemic and the end of the furlough scheme artificially increased wages. The policy had ensured the state pension increased annually in relation to either inflation, earnings growth or 2.5 percent, with the highest of the three being selected. Ministers introduced a double lock system instead to save money, severing the link between wage growth and pensions. The change ensured that the smaller increase of three percent was based on the inflation figure of last September, a figure that has since increased significantly. 