Food recalls are issued when a product is unsafe to eat, either because it contains ingredients not mentioned on the label or traces of salmonella have been found. Here is a list of the current foods recalled by supermarkets in Britain due to health and safety issues. Sainsbury’s Sainsbury’s is recalling its Taste The Difference Pesto Swirled Houmous because of undeclared milk. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) stated: “This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents.” The houmous comes in a pack 200g in size and has use-by dates of April 20, April 22, and April 23 – all 2022. The FSA advised customers: “If you have bought the above product and have an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents do not eat it. “Instead return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.” READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'totally absorbed' in painting with Team UK Invictus kid Sainsbury’s is also recalling Scratch Chicken & Veggie Tikka Masala with spiced brown rice because it contains a (non-allergen) vitamin and mineral ingredient not listed on the label, which may cause an adverse reaction. The supermarket said: “We are asking customers who have purchased this product to not consume it and to return it to their nearest Sainsbury's store where they will receive a full refund. “For any concerns or queries please contact Scratch Meals Ltd on hello@mealsfromscratch.co.uk. “No other Scratch Meals Ltd products are known to be affected.” The product comes in a pack 380g in size and has best before dates of March 27, March 28, March 30, March 31, April 1, and April 2.  Tesco Baxters Food Group is recalling certain batches of its Fray Bentos Just Chicken Pie, which comes in a pack 425g in size. The pie is being recalled as it may contain small pieces of plastic. Batches of the pie are sold in Tesco stores, as well as in Sainsbury’s. Tesco is also recalling its own-brand Free From Digestive Biscuits because they may contain small pieces of metal. The biscuits come in a pack 160g in size and have a best before date of October 31, 2023. Morrisons The Fray Bentos Just Chicken Pie is also being recalled at Morrisons because of the presence of plastic. The supermarket is recalling a selection of Kinder egg products too. These are the Kinder Surprise (20g and 100g), Kinder Mini Eggs (75g), Kinder Schokobons, and Kinder Egg Hunt Kit (150g). The best before dates are between July 11, 2022, and October 7, 2022. Asda Asda is another supermarket recalling both the Fray Bentos Chicken Pie and a selection of Ferrero’s Kinder products. It is recalling Kinder Surprise (20g and 100g), Kinder Surprise Natoon Egg (20g), Kinder Surprise Egg (100g), Kinder Hunt Egg (150g), Kinder Schokobons (70g), and Kinder Surprise Eggs (75g). In a statement, Asda said: “Ferrero has taken the precautionary measure of recalling selected batches of Kinder Surprise as they may contain salmonella. “If you have purchased any of the products mentioned above, please bring it back to your nearest store where you will be given a full refund. You do not need your receipt.” The supermarket added: “We are very sorry for any inconvenience caused. If you would like any further information, please contact: Asda Customer Relations on 0800 952 0101.”