Mr Walker and Steve, from Bromley, were discussing the allegations made against Neil Parish MP, who was reportedly caught watching porn while in the House of Commons. The Conservative is expected to announce his resignation as a MP by the end of today. The pair were locked in a fierce exchange as the caller suggested that Mr Parish’s peers were “supposed to support him” and help him not watch porn while working on a taxpayer’s salary.    The caller said: “They're supposed to be [Mr Parish’s] colleagues. They’re supposed to be people he can rely on to be supportive.” Mr Walker jumped in: “What, they’re supposed to support him watching porn instead of doing parliamentary business at taxpayer’s expense? Steve, what is wrong with you mate? What is wrong with you?” The pair then proceeded to talk over each other as both became increasingly frustrated at the “circles” of conversation. Steve said: “What they should have done, let me finish please, what they should have said was ‘Look, that’s entirely inappropriate. Please don’t do it again. I’m uncomfortable with it’.”    He added: “Or whatever is the language these days, and that’s what they're supposed to be. They’re part of a team.” Mr Walker replied: “So, sorry, it’s everybody else’s fault for not telling [Mr Parish] to view porn? Is it their fault?” The caller then retorted: “It’s not everybody’s fault, is it? But the people that reported him, it’s their fault, isn’t it.” The accusation that it was the women’s fault for not helping Mr Parish left Mr Walker reeling. READ MORE: Parish to quit if found guilty after being named as porn-watching MP [REVEAL]   He said dismissively: “It’s not their fault! Steve, do you have daughters? No? I’m not surprised. Thanks very much for the call.” After hanging up the phone, Mr Wright said: “Dear, dear, dear. It’s like talking to somebody from a different planet. “It’s somebody else’s responsibility to tell somebody on a taxpayer's salary, who’s allegedly caught watching porn while at work, it’s their responsibility to tell him to stop? What nonsense!” The allegations were made by two female MPs on Tuesday, who alerted the Commons chief whip Chris Heaton-Harris MP. DON'T MISS: Brazen moment Tory MP Neil Parish quizzed over Parliament porn probe [REVEAL]Ban scrolling and do your jobs properly, says Ashley Smith [OPINION] ‘Should be named and shamed’ Alex Phillips rages at Tory MP over porn [REPORT]  Mr Parish’s identity was protected from the public until Friday when the politician made public his reported behaviour. He referred himself to the parliamentary standards commissioner and had the whip removed from him yesterday. It was stated that he would not step down from his duties as MP for Tiverton and Honiton but sources now suggest that he could resign by this evening. Caroline Dinenage, a Conservative member of the Commons women and equalities committee, said Mr Parish must go, saying: “I cannot see how his position is sustainable.”   