Tom Newton Dunn will host the new hour-long news programme on TalkTV, the broadcaster has confirmed. As well as presenting The News Desk and interviewing specialist journalists from print and broadcast, Tom will also be the show's executive editor. Ahead of the programme airing the journalist stressed the show serves "no political agenda or ideology".  Tom added: "We’re going to do that in a fresh and engaging format, and to help us we’re really pleased to have recruited 11 of the sharpest and most perceptive political voices in the UK who will take it in turns to make up our nightly panel.  "We’re also very lucky to have such a strong cadre of specialist journalists to draw upon for reports and analysis from across News UK’s breadth of titles. It’s hugely exciting to be offering something a little different.”  The panellists who will regularly appear on the show include, Adam Boulton, Anas Sarwar, Bim Afolami, Douglas Murray, Emily Sheffield, Grace Blakeley and Isabel Oakeshott.  James Slack, Kate McCann, Miatta Fahnbulleh and Tan Dhesi will also be featuring on the programme to give their insight on a host of topics. READ MORE:  What happened to the real Ann Walker?   Vivek Sharma, TalkTV executive producer, said: “The News Desk is a major pillar of the prime time offer for TalkTV. "In Tom Newton Dunn we have one of the most well-respected journalists operating in UK media. "Supported by Series Editor Caitlin Black, Tom will be able to call on expert journalists from across News UK who are at the front of the most important breaking news. "At the same time, we have hand-selected a cast list of commentators who will deliver must-watch analysis on the issues of the day, every evening.”  Ahead of joining TalkTV, Tom was the chief political commentator on Times Radio. It was a role that secured him the first broadcast interview with any chief of MI6. Prior to his radio position, Tom was The Sun's political editor and led the tabloid's coverage of four general elections as well as Brexit. He also carried out two candid interviews with the former President of the United States Donald Trump. DON'T MISS...'Rudest little madam!' Piers Morgan 'bans' Nicki Minaj from new show [LATEST]Piers Morgan swipes at ITV for demanding 'Princess Pinocchio' apology [UPDATE]Piers Morgan responds to Gary Linker following jibe over new show [RESPONSE] For the new TalkTV programme, journalists will join Tom each night to share the latest in their fields of expertise. The panel is made up of political reporters, sports commentators, business experts and showbiz journalists from across the political spectrum. Following the announcement, viewers have taken to Twitter to comment on Tom's new position and the programme itself. Philip Richardson said: "I would really appreciate it if each commentator could be provided with a label telling us their name and where they sit on the political spectrum. Otherwise, I might get confused. Balance is good but only if the basis of assessment is overt."   @Tristan26 added: "This looks like GB News all over again. Another right-wing TV news channel, with token leftwingers to give a sense of balance. This is The Sun on TV." (sic) Julian Karswell remarked: "It's actually a big improvement on what GB News has been giving us as an alternative over the last year." Sarah-Louise Robertson said of the panel: "Good to see Douglas Murray on there." TalkTV will go live for the first time on April 25 on Sky, Virgin Media, Freeview and Freesat.  