Which?’s annual beach resort survey ranks the UK’s seaside destinations based on Britons’ ratings. The winner in 2021, Bamburgh took the second spot for the second year running. More than 4,300 visitors rated coastal resorts based on the quality of beaches, the seafront, tourist attractions, food and drink, scenery, peace and quiet and value for money. READ MORE: Flight attendant on why Meghan and Harry didn't pay bill on flight One visitor to St Aiden Beach in Bamburgh said on Tripadvisor: “Castle at Bamburgh is stunning. “The beach is wide and easy to walk even when the tide is in. Easy, relaxed walking with the sea as our soundtrack.” Another said: “It is lovely, I really enjoyed the peaceful nature and only being able to hear the sounds of the waves crashing “I was so happy to see the lack of litter in this lovely piece of Northumberland. The water was cold but that didn’t stop me paddling.” The weather in Northumberland might not be the most reliable but that shouldn’t stop Britons enjoying the coast at Bamburgh. Wales took three of the top six sports and visitors said they enjoyed hiking to the top of Great Orme in Llandudno. Hotels in Llandudno cost a reasonable £95 a night on average according to Which? making it a great budget destination. St Andrews was the highest ranking Scottish destination and scored a full five stars for its food and drink offering. Dartmouth in Devon scored highly based on its seafront which received the highest ranking of five stars. Rory Boland, editor of Which? Travel, said: “The British seaside hasn’t boomed like this since the 1960s. “Holidaymakers had such a fantastic time in their caravans, tents and beach lodges over the past two years that a coastal break on home shores is on the cards for many, even with restrictions on overseas travel lifted. “Prices for a UK stay have increased, but there’s no need to pay over the odds. For a holiday on a budget, it’s best to aim for an off-season trip.” Skegness and Bognor Regis were ranked as the worst seaside destinations in the UK while Great Yarmouth and Weston Super Mare also had low scores. However, that doesn’t mean British tourists should avoid these British seaside destinations. Prices are low with plenty of cheap accommodation and candy floss and arcades to entertain kids. However, Which? Travel said that a culture of all day drinking in some British resorts had put some travellers off.