Carlos Real, gardening expert and Managing Director of TotalLawn, recommended weeding the garden this weekend. The expert said: “Even with the most careful of lawn routines, the most common problem in gardens are weeds. There are hundreds of types of weeds brought into your garden by wind and birds, but the best way to prevent weed growth is by keeping your lawn, flowerbeds and borders well maintained.” According to the expert, this means mowing, feeding and watering regularly. Gardeners can also prevent weeds from growing by making sure they are pulled out as quickly as possible. Carlos added: “If you have a weed problem that can’t be controlled, you’ll need to invest in a weedkiller. “Spruce up your decking or patio too. READ MORE: Shower cleaning: How to remove shower screen limescale - ‘never fails’ “Getting rid of winter grime can be as simple as jet washing down your patio, or failing that, a stiff brush with some water, soapy water. “Removing algae and stains from your decking and furniture is a simple way to give your garden that spring refresh it needs, and decorate with new pillows, throws and ornaments to create an alfresco living vibe.” As the lawn wakes up and begins to grow again, establishing a routine is very important. Removing moss when it appears and feeding it with a fertiliser can help maintain that “green glow”. DON'T MISS:Peace lily: How to care for ‘difficult’ houseplant [EXPLAINER]House price growth has slowed ‘modestly’ but remains in double digits [COMMENT]Key date to sow certain vegetables in May - ‘frosts are over’ [EXPERT] The gardening expert added: “Moss thrives in cold, wet, and dark conditions, which is why it takes control of lawns in winter months, and needs to be eradicated in spring. “When it comes to feeds, we’d recommend ensuring your feed contains iron, as even a small amount makes a huge difference. “You should also begin to mow as required to your desired height, once a week is usually enough. “But water only if it is unseasonably hot. “Watering too early encourages shallow root growth, and your grass would not be able to withstand the dry, hot summer weather we’d hope to expect a little later in the year, resulting in patchy, brown grass. “If you are faced with discoloration, why not try adding a green-up treatment? Your grass could be a beautiful green colour in as little as two hours.” May is also a great time to plant a variety of bulbs because most of the late frost has passed. Summer-flowering bulbs are often sensitive to frost so planting them in May is a good way to guarantee a display of flowers in the summer. Carlos explained: “Bulbs are incredibly easy to plant and should be done in the springtime when your soil is between 12 and 15 degrees. “Firm favourites for flowering in summer include freesia, oriental lily, gladiolus and bearded iris. “As we begin to spend more time outdoors during the summer months, creating an aesthetically pleasing space is not as difficult as you’d think. “Some simple changes and a quick tidy can make a huge difference to the overall aesthetic of your outdoor space, whatever its size.” Gardeners can also sow green beans, sweetcorn as well as potatoes.