Netflix’s historical Viking series, The Last Kingdom came to an end in March after it premiered its fifth and final season. Although the series has closed Uhtred’s (played by Alexander Dreymon) chapter, the actor opened up about working alongside Sigtryggr star Eysteinn Sigurðarson.  The Last Kingdom followed the life of Uhtred of Bebbanburg as he grappled with two identities, he was a man who was born a Saxon and raised a Dane. The series was the onscreen adaptation of a series of novels written by Bernard Cornwall. Season five was no exception as it was inspired by two of his books, Warriors of the Storm and The Flame Bearer. As a historical series set in the Viking era, the series was filled with a number of brutal battles as well as real-life historical accounts. READ MORE: 'William and Charles will be furious!' says Carole Malone over Harry While a majority of people died through battle, the show didn’t shy away from killing off major characters and fan favourites. This was the case for Sigtryggr who met his death in season five at the hands of Uhtred. Although his execution was ordered by King Edward (Timothy Innes), Sigtryggr asked Uhtred to be the executioner to put an end to his life. Dreymon opened up about the scene during an interview with Variety and shared that the decision for Uhtred to bear the sword was “actually an idea that was added by our stunt coordinator, Levente Lezsák”.  He added: “I thought it was so fitting doing that scene which was really heart-wrenching because, like pretty much every actor on the show, we’ve become very good friends. “He’s also somebody that I just deeply trust as a friend and fellow actor, and when we were doing that scene, I had to put the sword onto his heart and then get ready to thrust and he puts his hand on my hand just before I do it. “And while we’re doing that scene, I just crumbled inside every time he did that, because it was such a loving act of somebody saying, ‘It’s OK. This is the way it should be.’” The actor explained: “It was a scene that was difficult because of what was happening in the story, but as an actor there are always several levels to what you’re doing. DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway says Brits annoyed at Harry and Meghan's camera crew [INSIGHT] Bridgerton dealt huge blow as Last Kingdom bags Netflix rating record [INSIGHT]Is there a season 6 of The Last Kingdom? Show's future explained [EXPLAINER]  “You’re going through the story that is heart-wrenching, but at the same time, your actor brain is going, ‘Oh my God, this is such good material.’” “And it feels so good to be able to go through these emotions with somebody that you respect and trust that much,” Dreymon concluded. Although Sigtryggr met a heartbreaking death, fans can expect to see more of Uhtred after the show announced a sequel feature film, Seven King Must Die. This decision came after the author Bernard released an additional two books as the cast prepared for the season finale. Executive producer Nigel Merchant explained: “It was felt that the movie version was the right format to do that. “Season five does feel like the end of the TV series, and the movie will be much more stand alone.” Merchant added: “It'll be an extra treat for the fans of the TV series, but you could also watch it even if you’ve never seen the TV show.” The Last Kingdom is available on Netflix. 