Experts at GardeningExpress.co.uk have shared their top tips on how to control and kill weeds this summer. Drinks normally found in any household’s fridge can be used to do this, as well as to fertilise healthy plants. Orange juice, milk, and even vodka can be used on plants, according to GardeninExpress.co.uk. If used in moderation, some of these drinks can help plants grow, while others can help to control weeds. Chris Bonnett, founder of GardeningExpress.co.uk, said: “People might be surprised to hear that a lot of household drinks can actually be used in their gardens and on their plants. “If you have some spare or flat Coca Cola this is a great alternative to weed killers and some drinks like milk and tea actually work as fertilisers. READ MORE: Laundry: How to avoid ‘irreversible damage’ when washing clothes “Of course, they’re not as strong as store-bought ones but they’re definitely better for the environment and are a more eco-friendly option,” the gardening expert added. “A lot of these techniques are best off being used in moderation, for example adding too much orange juice and milk could potentially do more harm to your plants than good and could result in killing them if overused.” Chris went on to list the cheap drinks gardeners can use to make the most of their garden. The expert mentioned vodka, saying it is “one of the most unlikely drinks you would think to add to your garden”.  However, vodka can be used as a pesticide or a week killer. It can also be used for indoor plants – gardeners are advised to add a dash of the drink into the water of cut flowers to kill bacteria and promote growth. Coca Cola can be used not only as a weed killer but as compost too. All gardeners need to do is add any leftover Coke they might have to their compost pile. The drink’s sweetness and sugars mean that it’s a brilliant natural booster. Green tea is another handy drink to use on plants. The tea’s leaves enrich garden plants because they are high in nitrogen, and they are also good for keeping pests at bay. Normal tea leaves can be used on plants such as daffodils and roses as a fertiliser. Although not as strong as store-bought fertiliser, this is a good environmentally friendly option. Orange juice can also be used as a fertiliser – but in moderation. Too much juice could kill plants because of its acidity. Interestingly, milk has the same benefits for plants as it does for humans. Vitamin B and calcium promote plant growth and help plants that are at risk of calcium deficiency, such as tomatoes. Chris recommended creating a diluted solution of milk that is half water and half milk, pouring it into a spray bottle and spraying it over your garden. Lemonade is another staple that can be used to promote plant growth. Simply add a small amount to some water and pour the concoction onto your plants to increase their lifespan, said Chris.