Anton Du Beke has been hotly-tipped as a permanent replacement on the Strictly Come Dancing panel taking the reins from show veteran Bruno Tonioli. The BBC favourite, who temporarily stepped in on the show during the pandemic in 2020 and 2021, has suggested that it is yet to be confirmed and he doesn't have a clue if he will be on the judging lineup later this year. It comes as reports claimed that Strictly judge Craig Revel Horwood, 57, had confirmed the news that Anton, 55, will return as a judge on next year's show - replacing show stalwart Bruno, 66. Travel restrictions had prevented Bruno from being on the show and he made brief appearances via video link. But Anton has since declared in a new interview that he has no idea if he will be returning to Strictly as a judge. The BBC favourite said that as much as he would love to do it, "there's nothing he can do about it". READ MORE: 'Who are we to condemn?' Denzel says 'devil got hold' of Will Smith Anton shut down claims that he would be a permanent judge on the show. "The absolute truth is that I don’t know. I haven’t been told. They literally haven’t spoken to me about it. So, whatever you’ve read, it is just a rumour," he commented. "I’m hoping to get a call to say: “Look, here you go, come back judging please,” but we’ll wait and see." He continued: "I would like to think I’d be on the show in one way or another.   "I wouldn’t like to think they would just get rid of me altogether. That would be a bit dramatic to go from dancer to judge to off the show. "That would be quite a career path, wouldn’t it?" The Strictly star joked that it would be "stampede" if he didn't make a comeback to the judging panel. When quizzed about his co-star Craig, who is said to have wanted Anton back on the panel, the professional dancer admitted he was incredibly flattered. DON'T MISS... Estelle Harris dead: Seinfeld and Toy Story star dies at 93[LATEST]Andrea McLean says Denise Welch got her a gig amid Loose Women exit[EXCLUSIVE]'He was upset' Gemma Atkinson says she 'resented' Gorka touring[ADMISSION] He added to Great British Life: "I’m thrilled that he thinks that and wants me on the show. "I’m very fond of Craig and hopefully we will be back together to do it again next year." Anton took the opportunity to share the article on his Twitter account on April 1. Fans flocked to comment on the post, as Twitter user Vickie said: "I've been saying this for years." Jacie Austin echoed: "You have to return!! Your a fantastic fair judge, a wonderful dancer, you must return. Please... don't go." Carmel Harte added: "Please come back Anton you are as synonymous with Strictly as Bruce and you were such a fantastic replacement as a judge last year. I hope you are given the opportunity to return." It comes after it was reported that Craig revealed show bosses had told the judges that the ballroom dancer, would be waltzing back to the panel this autumn. Speaking at his All Balls and Glitter UK tour, Anton told The Sun: "I really love Anton. I think he is fantastic. I think last year he did a great job on Strictly as a judge. "And we have just found out he is going to do it again this year." Express.co.uk has contacted Strictly Come Dancing representatives for comment.