The things that do and don't work when it comes to saving money has been a hot topic of conversation amid rising energy bills. So, Angellica Bell, co-host of The Martin Lewis Money Show, has revealed her top energy-saving hacks which work – as well as dispelling the myths which don't. Other tips that she said could save the pennies include only boiling the water you really need to make a cuppa, and unplugging your electrical appliances when not in use. It comes after a survey of 2,000 adults found over a third (39 percent) already think putting your washing on at a cooler temperature will keep bills down. And while 22 percent are already saving money by cutting down their laundry temperature, 35 percent are doing so in a bid to protect their clothes and make them last longer. Following the findings, a quiz has been created to allow people to test their knowledge of the money-saving hacks that work, and those that don’t. Angellica Bell, who is working with Ariel, which commissioned the research to highlight its #WashColdChallenge, said: “I've started to make some simple switches and have mastered some tips along the way. “There's so much information out there on what works and what doesn't when it comes to energy-saving hacks. “As we’re all set to see rising energy bills, turning your laundry temperature down to a cold wash is a simple switch you can make to reduce your energy usage in the home. “Not only are you reducing your carbon footprint, but you’re also reducing your laundry energy usage – washing cold could save you up to 60 percent on your washing machine energy bill.” Other ways Brits plan to reduce the impact on their wallets – and the environment – include cutting down on their car use (39 percent). And as the weather warms up, two-thirds (65 percent) have cut right back on their use of central heating inside the home. Nearly half (45 percent) have started unplugging devices which aren’t being used, and four in ten make sure to keep curtains tightly shut to keep warmth in. On average, Brits get through three loads of washing each week – although more than one in 20 do one load every day. But 29 percent admitted to not splitting their washing into “lights and darks” – and just bundle it all in together. And one in five don't typically read instructions on how to wash their clothes, and just put everything through the same cycle – with men bigger culprits for this than women. However, while 41 percent are already washing their clothes at 30 degrees, 35 percent are still most likely to go for a hotter wash at 40 degrees. A spokesman for Ariel said: “Everyone is looking for ways to bring their energy use down, both to save money and resources. “Some tips are really good and will help in both regards, while some are old wives' tales that will only make a negligible difference. “Doing your washing at a lower temperature is something that will make a difference, both to your bills and the longevity of your clothing – lowering the temperature of your wash can go a long way to reducing the environmental impact of your laundry. “As part of our drive to get the nation to turn down their temperature, if the #WashColdChallenge campaign hits one million pledges from the public, we’ll donate £100,000 to WWF to help protect the planet.” TOP TIPS THAT DO WORK: TIPS THAT DON'T WORK: