This includes a property worth over £1million, a home with huge renovation potential and the average cost of a home in the area. Cardiff is one of the UK’s most popular and historic cities, with it known as a city of castles and culture, where seven Victorian and Edwardian arcades nestle amongst the biggest names on the high street. With a huge number of clothing stores and restaurants in the city, there are many reasons why people choose to live in Cardiff. There is lots to do and see in the city including visiting the castle, shopping in the arcades as well as visiting the Principality Stadium. It is also a great place to live for those who love walking, with many dedicated trails to discover on the doorstep of the city. Just 20 miles from the hustle and bustle of the city is Rest Bay Beach, a popular surfing area amongst locals. Wales is also a huge tourist destination for many, with a whopping 10,698,000 overnight trips to Wales reported by the Government during 2019, before the pandemic. During the same year, there were also 87,300,000 tourism day visits, generating £2,003million. This means there are plenty of jobs on offer, with some of the biggest companies’ headquarters located in the city. READ MORE: Princess Anne's £750k home has 'decor of a 100-year-old' - see inside The average house price within a 20 mile radius of Cardiff over the last 12 months stands at £304,000, according to OnTheMarket. Express.co.uk, in partnership with OnTheMarket, has found different homes for sale in the region. This includes a home worth over £1million, a property which has huge renovation potential and a property worth the average asking price in Cardiff. Property: Four bedroom detached house Location: Penylan, Cardiff Price: £1,250,000 Marketed by: Hentons, Cardiff, via OnTheMarket DON'T MISS:Phil Spencer: Top tips on preparing to move home [EXPERT]How to properly wash your bed sheets to ‘eradicate dust mites’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans use white vinegar to clean television screens [INSIGHT] This stunning property has four bedrooms and three bathrooms, set just 10 minutes away from the city centre. The home is double fronted with double bayed windows and is home to a large paved driveway. Inside, there is a downstairs toilet as well as two bedrooms with en-suites and a family bathroom. Prospective buyers could also make use of the utility room/study, lounge, sitting room and large rear garden. The bedrooms are large in size, decorated neutrally with all four bedrooms coming with fitted wardrobes. One of the bathrooms is also home to a shower with a multi-jet system. Property: Two bedroom block of apartments Location: Splott, Cardiff Price: Offers in excess of £180,000 Marketed by: Harry Harper Sales & Lettings, Cardiff, via OnTheMarket This renovation project is an ideal investment for those looking to rent out properties. The terraced house has been converted into two flats, with the ground floor needing full renovation. Available to cash buyers only, the property has partial double glazing and rear garden. Cardiff Central train station is just 1.2 miles away and the property is close to several parks. Property: Three bedroom semi-detached Location: Cardiff Price: Offers over £300,000 Marketed by: Darlows, Canton, via OnTheMarket This three bedroom, one bathroom property has been tastefully decorated throughout, with a large modern family kitchen. The open plan dining room overlooks the large garden, with plenty of natural lighting. There is also a downstairs toilet. With off road parking and a large enclosed garden with a workshop, this property is situated in a desirable Cardiff location. The workshop comes with lots of options and could be used as a home office, gym or even a playroom. Located within walking distance to Victoria Park, Cardiff city centre is just two miles away. The home is also close to great transport links via bus and train.