Leyla (Roxy Shahidi) has caused some concern lately on Emmerdale as her mind seems to have been elsewhere, particularly when it came to the week of Meena Jutla's (Paige Sandhu) trial. The beloved villager has also been distressed by the arrival of newcomer Suzy Merton (Martelle Edinborough) to the village as it seems the pair have a past together. As everything comes out in the open in next week's episodes of the ITV soap, viewers will be left wondering if this could be the end for the mother of one as she goes off the rails completely. The drama begins in the aftermath of a packet of drugs being found at the Take A Vow office earlier this week, which Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson) was blamed for. He has been pleading his innocence for days but it seems people are unwilling to accept his notion given he is a drug addict. However, Leyla tells him she believes he didn't take the drugs and this lifts his mood immeasurably, especially considering his own partner, Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) doesn't believe him. Offering her support, the businesswoman even suggests she will encourage one of her hen-do parties to have the event at The Hide to help his finances. As Leyla believes she has made everything right, she is not best pleased to find Suzy is sniffing around her colleague, Priya Sharma (Fiona Wade). READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry It seems Suzy is going to be spending a lot more time at the Take A Vow office as Priya likes the newcomer's suggestion of them collaborating together, given she runs a successful baking business. What makes this deal even more enticing is Suzy tells the pair she might have secured them a rich client for their books. When it seems things are on the up, the newcomer will be spotted with a stranger and seeing Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick) approaching, Leyla deters her from interrupting the pair. Unfortunately, it's not known why Leyla doesn't want the vet to find Suzy with this stranger but later on, it seems this will all be forgotten about as they manage to secure the rich client following a successful pitch. As the pair get ready to celebrate, the beloved villager's secret is finally revealed as behind the Hop, Suzy flicks a bag of white powder. This is a bag of cocaine and Leyla eagerly takes it out of her hand, ready to take the drugs after a successful day at the office. With the mood boosted, they decide they want to celebrate with their new client and when Suzy says she needs to make a quick call to Priya, Leyla convinces her to do otherwise. It will be clear to viewers the beloved villager is enjoying a high from the cocaine she has taken and will be in the mood to keep the celebrations going. However, in the midst of the part, Vanessa walks into the office and finds her new love interest with Leyla, who has just lined up another batch of cocaine. Viewers will have to wait and see if Vanessa is the first villager to discover this illicit secret but this is the start of a dark new storyline for Leyla. DON'T MISS...Zoe Henry's gripe with husband Jeff Hordley's Cain Dingle - 'Fuming!' [COMMENT]Emmerdale’s Malandra Burrows admits 'heartbreak' over cancer diagnosis [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker bids sad farewell to co-star Paige Sandhu [COMMENT] Although this is the first time Leyla has been seen taking drugs, it could be she has been using them for quite some time. As her habit gets worse and worse, it could become very clear she has developed an addiction and cannot get through the day without them. It could be very easy for her to overdose on the cocaine as she craves the high it gives her and this could line up her exit from the show. By the time someone finds her after she takes too many drugs, it could be too late as she might have already died. This would spark new storylines for the likes of her husband Liam Cavanagh (Johnny McPherson) and son Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant) as they try to uncover how she got hooked on the narcotics. But will anyone discover newcomer Suzy seems to have some intel on Leyla's drug habit and will they blame her for the beloved villager's death? It was teased earlier this year by the executive producer for the show, Jane Hudson, things were going to take a dark turn for Leyla. Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, the soap boss said: "Leyla has a big storyline coming up in 2022. "We've seen her be a huge support to Liam through the loss of his daughter Leanna [Cavanagh] but is all as it seems? "Is Leyla really coping as well as she seems to on the surface, or is there a bit more going on there that we'll uncover?" Producer Kate Brooks added to this in another recent interview with Express.co.uk and other media, hinting Leyla's struggle will continue for months to come. The soap boss added: "There's a massive story on the table for Liam and Leyla which is the result of what has gone down with Leanna and everything." It could be Liam who finds his wife's dead body and he could be left grief-stricken, having lost his daughter and wife in the space of a year. Could he also be making a departure from the village as he begins to think he is jinked from having any sort of happiness? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.