Channel 4 could be sold off or turned into an employee-owned mutual company as discussions within the Conservative Party have begun to take a step away from the broadcaster. Some senior government figures are in favour of divesting ownership of the TV station, which has been owned by the government since it launched in 1982. GB News host Eamonn Holmes discussed it with co-host Isabel Webster and their guests but couldn't resist a swipe at rival broadcaster BBC. describing its World News outlet as the "most boring channel". As they kicked off the discussion, Eamonn said: "What about Channel 4, people are going to say what do they know, what do they care? "People don't know that Channel 4 is part-owned by the government, they'd have to say why is it part-owned where do we see that? "All I see is why do we worry about a channel who shows men's dangly bits... it's not even entertainment, it's when they try and say to you this is a social experiment!" Isabel laughed at Eamonn's analogy and said: "I can't say that I have watched it, what I have watched on Channel 4 is things like Grand Designs or Location, Location, Location. I love all of those sorts of programmes! READ MORE: Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits  "Is this not just the government saying they are a bit left on Channel 4, the taxpayer doesn't care, this isn't a benefit to the tax paper to sell off a state-owned channel, 90 per cent of it is funded by adverts, it's a culture move isn't it!" National Leader of Education Tarun Kapur said: "Yeah, you have to look at what is happening, I have three girls, and they wouldn't dream of watching Channel 4. "They don't watch TV, they watch streaming completely, and when we put the TV on, they are quite surprised." Political commentator Dominique Samuels added: "And that is the concern, is that Channel 4 with its current funding model will not be able to compete with streaming platforms like Netflix and like Amazon Prime. "One thing that I am concerned about is that this move does open up Channel 4 being bought by foreign investors, and I am not trying to be xenophobic - I would want it to be bought by a British investor." Eamonn responded and lauded UK TV as he added: "British viewing and British television is different from French television, German television and American television. "I mean for all its faults or whatever, I like the news bulletin, I like the documentaries, I like the entertainment, but when you do that Apple, Amazon Prime, Netflix thing, it's a very nice drama series, but there is nothing else. "Where do we fill in the gap, you arrive in a foreign hotel room, and the only English speaking channel is BBC World." DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes unleashes airport chaos rant after Manchester delays [INSIGHT]GB News' Eamonn Holmes urges fans to vote after TRIC Award nominations [LATEST]‘Lost dad without warning’ Eamonn Holmes pays tribute after loss [WATCH] Pulling no punches, Eamonn blasted: "The most boring channel ever invented. I mean, what is that all about? But there is nothing else!" Despite the plans to move away from the channel being discussed, it would fiercely be resisted by Channel 4, which last year commissioned a report to justify its unique position. In a statement, Channel 4 said it was “disappointed” with the decision, adding that privatisation “will require a lengthy legislative process”. “Channel 4 has engaged in good faith with the government throughout the consultation process, demonstrating how it can continue to commission much-loved programmes from the independent sector across the UK that represent and celebrate every aspect of British life as well as increase its contribution to society while maintaining ownership by the public,” the broadcaster said. The broadcaster will remain a “public service broadcaster”, which means it will be required to commit to primetime news. The publisher-broadcaster model of Channel 4 has enabled it to deliver its public service without having to turn to taxpayer support. Government officials have allegedly said a change of ownership “will remove its straight-jacket”, giving the broadcaster the freedom to “innovate and grow so it can flourish and thrive long into the future and support the whole of the UK creative industries”. Lucy Powell, the shadow culture secretary, wrote on Twitter: “Nothing screams a rudderless government more than this. "Selling off Channel 4, which doesn’t cost the taxpayer a penny anyway, to what is likely to be a foreign company makes absolutely no sense. It will cost jobs & opportunities in Yorkshire and hit our creative economy.” Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News.