Sources close to Erling Haaland have insisted that the in-demand striker has 'not signed anything yet' after reports earlier this week claimed that Manchester City were closing in on the striking prodigy. The 21-year-old is expected to quit Borussia Dortmund in the summer after a stunning two-year spell with the Bundesliga giants. A host of top European clubs are targeting the Norwegian striker, who has a £63million release clause in his contract which is set to kick in at the end of the season. The reigning Premier League champions had emerged as the frontrunners for Haaland's signature earlier this week - but a new report has claimed that may not be the case. According to AS, sources closer to the striker have revealed that Haaland has not 'committed himself' to Manchester City due to his desire to play for Real Madrid. The report goes on to outline that the striker wants to 'make the most' of his chance to play for Los Blancos, and as such, is prepared to keep his options for now. Real Madrid are also in the market for an elite striker this summer and have been persistently linked with a deal to sign Paris Saint-Germain superstar Kylian Mbappe. The Frenchman is due to be a free agent in the summer, with Real plotting to lure the 23-year-old to the Bernabeu. READ MORE: Alexandre Lacazette wants to leave Arsenal due to 'problems' with Mikel Arteta The ongoing situation with Mbappe, however, has complicated Real's pursuit of Haaland. Real's bitter rivals, Barcelona, are also desperate to snap up the prolific Dortmund star, but their crippling financial issues are set to hamper any hopes of bringing him to the Nou Camp. Manchester City are willing to splash the cash on a striker this summer after missing out on a deal for Harry Kane last year. Pep Guardiola's side were unable to strike a deal with Tottenham for the England captain, but City have instead chosen to turn their attention to Haaland. The Daily Mail revealed earlier this week that City were prepared to make Haaland the 'highest paid player in the Premier League' by handing the Dortmund star a bumper contract worth an estimated £500,000-a-week. DON'T MISS...Man Utd star Harry Maguire to be 'benched' by Ralf Rangnick for crunch Arsenal clashJamie Carragher advises two Man Utd targets to 'run a mile' despite Ten Hag appointmentErik ten Hag shown first Man Utd task as Rangnick echoes Mourinho issue four years on But Guardiola's side could be forced to revise their summer transfer plans if Real Madrid are able to hijack their ambitious bid for Haaland. The City chief reiterated his desire to sign a top striker last month - but insisted that the club would only splash the cash for "someone special". Guardiola said back in March: "I think the club definitely needs a striker. We tried, but sometimes it’s not possible. We are not going to buy one for a number if they’re not going to give us something special. “I am a guy who is comfortable when we have 14, 15, 16 players and after five or six in the academy. We need a striker and I think the club is going to try. If it happens, it happens, but if it doesn’t, we’ll wait.”