Novak Djokovic remains optimistic about getting back to his best form for the French Open despite suffering a bagel set in his Serbia Open final loss to Andrey Rublev. The world No 1 has played just three tournaments so far this year and is still gaining momentum ahead of his Grand Slam title defence but is leaving Belgrade “pleased” with his progress. Going into the Serbia Open, Djokovic had suffered back-to-back losses for the first time since July 2021 but in Belgrade he was able to battle from a set down in his first three matches to reach his first final of the season. While he also won a tight second set after dropping the first, the Serb ran out of gas in the final set as Rublev sealed a 6-2 6-7(4) 6-0 victory to lift the title in Djokovic’s own Novak Tennis Centre in Belgrade. Despite the one-sided final set, the 20-time Grand Slam champion has offered himself some hope ahead of his upcoming French Open title defence. "Things are progressing slowly but surely, Paris is the big goal and hopefully by Paris I'll be ready,” he said after the final. "I have to look at the positives, playing the final in front of my home crowd, it was unfortunate that in the third set I ran out of gas and couldn't deliver more of a fight.” While Djokovic was forced to take the long route in his three match wins last week, he was happy to have some three-set battles under his belt going into the rest of the clay season. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic could 'boycott' Wimbledon due to 'crazy' Boris Johnson  The world No 1 continued: “After four three-set battles I can say that I am tired but also pleased that I managed to win the matches prior to this one. I think that will serve me for the continuation of the clay court season." Before his attempt to defend the French Open title, Djokovic will play the Masters 1000s tournaments in Madrid and Rome. It will be his first chance to gain some real momentum this season off the back of his run to the final in Belgrade, as the 86-time title winner only had a quarter-final showing from Dubai in February and a recent opening-round loss in Monte Carlo before his week in Serbia. DON'T MISSCarlos Alcaraz makes 'god' statement after Rafael Nadal comparisonsUkraine tennis star backs Wimbledon's decision to ban Russian playersAndy Murray set to 'defend' Wimbledon decision to ban Russian players  It will only get more challenging for Djokovic at the upcoming Masters tournaments, as Rafael Nadal is set to return from injury in Madrid and old rival Andy Murray has also taken a wildcard for the event to get some competitive matches in before the grass season. A three-time former champion in Madrid, Djokovic did not compete at the tournament last year. He did play in Rome, where he made it all the way to the final before losing to Nadal. The 34-year-old then got revenge on his rival weeks later at the French Open, knocking the 13-time champion out in the semi-final before going on to lift the title, and will be hoping he is able to reach his top form so he can do the same again this year. 