Which is why the Daily Express is delighted that the Government appearspoised to make a day in this summer’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations the start of a permanent “Thank Holiday”. This paper has campaigned for the extra annual day’s break, both to celebrate the Queen’s many years of service and to give our nation a well-deserved boost. After the greatest health emergency in our lifetimes, it would strike a rewarding note. Few would disagree with Brendan Cox, campaigner and husband of murdered MP Jo Cox, whose Together Coalition has campaigned for the extra day, saying it would enable the country to “come together and celebrate what makes our communities great”. Both Boris Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak are said to support the idea, which may have other good effects – quite apart from the benefit to our collective morale. Let’s have our Thank Holiday from next year on, and make it a joyous summer fixture. The cost-of-living crisis continues to bite. Inflation, supply chain issues and the effects of the war in Ukraine have caused the costs of goods and services to soar at the fastest rate in a generation. But there’s a glimmer of good news – our biggest supermarkets are starting to slash the prices of essentials. Asda and Morrisons led the way, and Tesco and Sainsbury have followed. True, each chain vies for customers, but if it benefits British households at a distressing time, there’s nothing wrong with that. In the midst of crisis, let’s enjoy these small mercies.  In 1897, Victorian choirboy William Elliott wrote a note in a chorister’s service order including the poignant words: “Whoever you are that finds this paper, don’t tear it up or throw it away, keep it in remembrance of me, W. Elliott... I love you if you love me.” A 13-year-old living in an orphanage put the message down the back of a pew in Sunderland Parish Church, where it languished for 125 years. In March, during renovations, the message was found and the nation was rapt. But no one knew what had happened to William. Now the Daily Express and ancestral researcher Findmypast have traced his life – and it turns out that despite his plaintive message he went on to an exciting career, moving to America and, most of all, finding love, as his great-grandchildren testify. William died in 1968, aged 84 – an example of the eternal truism that there is always hope. 