Last month, Kate and Prince William embarked on an 8-day royal tour around the Caribbean. The tour, which was their first overseas trip since before the pandemic, saw them make stops to three places - Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas. The Cambridges' tour to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee was billed as a royal charm offensive. Speaking on Royally US, presenters Christine Ross and Christina Garibaldi discussed the Caribbean tour and how the tours can "look a little different moving forward". Speaking on Royally US, Ms Ross commented on the choice of photograph opportunities, most noticeably the one of the Cambridge's greeting the children behind the fence. She said: "It's an interesting example of the press really needing the story" "It was purposeful for them to choose those photos of the chain link fence and not them greeting children on the other side of the field where you didn't have that optic" Ms Ross added: "There were definitely moments for improvement" "There were definitely some 'what were you thinking?' moments "Like you said [Christina Garibaldi], maybe the tours need to look a little different moving forward" READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Beatrice's 'risky gesture' to Andrew and Queen labelled 'shocking' Christina added by saying: "I think that is what needs to happen, royal tours need to change" "It can't be the same as it was 50 years ago" "People are different, mindsets are different, perspectives are different so we have to keep up with our times" She continued, with reference to a statement released by Prince William after the tour, and said "his eyes were open to what the people were hearing, he's listening to what the people have to say" "He [Prince William] is saying do what's best for your country, I will be here as your friend, not as your leader" Christina concluded by saying "this shows what kind of King he will be one day". READ MORE: Princess Charlotte's heartwarming gesture may have comforted a teary Beatrice When the couple arrived in Jamaica, the second leg of the tour, they were met by widespread protests from locals. Many protesters demanded that the British monarchy atones for their acts of slavery in the island nation with reparations. During the trip, The Duke acknowledged the issue during a dinner hosted by the country's Governor-General, but he did however, stop short of apologising for the Royal Family's role in the crimes. His words echoed those said by his father, Prince of Wales, during a trip to Barbados last year. Speaking last year, Prince Charles described the slave trade as an “appalling atrocity”. DON'T MISS In the tour speech last month, Prince William pledged to "respect the decisions" of countries that have chosen to cut ties with the monarchy. He added: “we respect the decision of countries like the Bahamas, Jamaica, and Belize when it comes to their future.” After the speech, Jamaica's republican government is said to be “incredibly disappointed” that Prince William failed to offer an apology for Britain's historic role in the slave trade.