Duo Steve Pemberton and Reece Shearsmith have been dropping hints of the hugely popular anthology series Inside No.9, which will air its seventh season on April 20. The League of Gentlemen creators, who have been praised by critics for their humour and creativity within their scriptwriting, have released a sneak-peak trailer for the forthcoming BBC series which sees an exciting new line-up of celebrity guests. Furthermore, leading actor Steve released an even bigger teaser for fans to feast on after he shared a cryptic crossword puzzle containing some key clues for the seventh instalment, making reference to season three’s The Riddle of the Sphinx episode.   The TV comics had taken inspiration for Inside No. 9 from an episode of Psychoville, a previous project, which was filmed in a single room, which had been, in turn, inspired by Alfred Hitchcock's Rope. The 30-minute episodes, which contain a new setting and new characters each time, often include a selection of guest actors, including the likes of Sheridan Smith, Tim Key, Emilia Fox, Jason Watkins, Tamsin Greig and Alison Steadman, appearing alongside the stand-up stars. Steve has now teased what fans can expect from the seventh series with a crossword puzzle posted on his Twitter account. Clues included: "Look after case of odious capital," and "Plenty of muffin ingredients eaten by subject”, alluding to season three’s The Riddle of the Sphinx episode, which first aired in 2017. READ MORE:MasterChef contestant sparks concern with chicken feet and blood stew The story saw Nina (played by Alexandra Roach) surreptitiously entering Professor Squires's (Steve) room on a stormy night where he teaches her how to decipher clues in cryptic crosswords before it takes a sinister twist when Dr Jacob Tyler (Reece) joins the unravelling. Taking to social media, Reece also shared the new trailer to his followers on Twitter, commenting: “Here you go earthlings! “The "Inside No.9" trailer for series seven! 10pm, 20th April on @BBCTwo. Enjoy!” The 52-year-old later tweeted: “Hope you're enjoying the trailer.      “We are all so very proud of series seven. I can't wait for you all to see it. #insideno9.” The short 28-second clip begins with Spaced actor Jessica Hynes suspiciously looking out of a window with a chilling remix of Louis Armstrong’s What a Wonderful World playing out in the background. Dressed up in a short brown bob, wearing a child-like hooded top and holding a birthday cake, Reece’s character looks directly at the camera with a spine-tingling expression on his face in true Inside No. 9-style. The clip then switches to the comical duo wearing outdoor attire in what appears to be a woodland, with their former League of Gentlemen co-star and co-creator Mark Gatiss, and their reunion doesn’t go unnoticed when the Benidorm star quips: “It’s been a while hasn’t it?” More eerie scenes follow when a freakishly looking monkey mask appears and quick flashes of Daisy Haggard and Daniel Mays also feature. Other confirmed guest stars include Jason Isaacs, Sophie Okonedo, Diane Morgan, Annette Badland, Siobhan Redmond and Ron Cook. Speaking about the new series when it was announced in September, the BBC actors said: “We hope you’ll join us and another incredible cast of actors for more surprises that will make your jaws drop and spines tingle. “Heads might even roll, and if not heads, definitely eyes.” Luckily for BBC audiences, it doesn’t appear the pair will stop writing after season seven with the series to potentially run for another three instalments. The Hull-born actor Reece, told the NME: “It just goes on. “It’s a brilliant thing but also horrific to try to keep coming up with the stories because there is such a high turnover of storytelling. The 52-year old comedian wondered: “What haven’t we done? It’s become a tyranny that we’ve got to keep trying to keep thinking of things. “If we can get to nine, Inside No.9 series nine then we can stop and then I can die,” he joked. Inside No. 9 series 7 airs on April 20, BBC One at 10pm