Sources have claimed that the group rented the basement of Egg London - a three-storey nightclub based in a warehouse in Kings Cross. They described the event as a "full-on rave", claiming that XR founder Roger Hallam was in attendance. This came after the group staged a number of protests across the UK last week, demanding an end to fossil fuels. They blocked ten oil facilities and took over four of London's bridges. In a statement, XR said: "We’re calling for an immediate end to new fossil fuel investments as part of the rebellion and ongoing actions by Just Stop Oil continue." Seventy people were arrested in London during the protests. Six people - including Olympic athletes Etienne Stott and Laura Baldwin- were arrested for glueing themselves to an oil tanker near Hyde Park on Saturday, April 16. Many more were arrested at Marble Arch after climbing the structure to attach a green banner which said: "End fossil fuels now". The week before, health professionals part of Doctors for Extinction Rebellion blocked the road outside HM Treasury, also demanding the end to the UK Government's reliance on fossil fuels. Around 50 protesters were stationed at Whitehall, pictured wearing labels on their blue and green scrubs saying "Doctor - protesting for public health". They held banners saying "Clean energy, less war". Speaking to the Sun about the alleged party, a source claimed: "It was a full-on rave. READ MORE: Extinction Rebellion block four London bridges in latest mass protest "Everyone was drunk and some of them looked high. "They were dancing all night. They added: "When Roger came in it was a bit like he was a celeb. "Everyone wanted a selfie with him." DON'T MISS: LBC host reveals XR protester not allowed in studio [REVEAL] Britons lose patience with eco-extremists [REACTION]'They are heroes!' Vine guest praises Extinction Rebellion for holding [INSIGHT] Photos obtained by paper show banners hung in the club saying "We are watching you" and "War is ecocide, planet repairs now". The event was reportedly publicised through Telegram, with organisers describing the event as an "after-party". Event details shared to the app said: "After a week of sitting down, it’s time to shake those legs. "We are inviting all rebels to an after-party full of energetic bands and DJs."