Also known as vishing, telephone fraud is among the common types of fraud that catch victims out. Fraudsters will call and encourage vulnerable people to give out their personal details, such as their card, PIN, Mobile Banking App activation/passcodes or card reader codes. A scammer will call someone on their landline or mobile phone pretending to be from the bank, building society or a government agency and will fish for information from them, so they can steal money or collect information. With personal details, they could then use the victim's identity to commit fraud elsewhere. Action Fraud reported over 146,000 reports of suspicious messages delivered by non-email methods in the 2020/21 financial year. This is an increase of 80 percent when compared to the previous financial year. The City of London Police’s National Fraud Intelligence Bureau, (NFIB), which assess the reports received by Action Fraud, said over half of these reports related to phone calls (vishing) so Britons are urged to watch out for the growing scam. READ MORE: TV licence: Thousands of Britons could get 50% off their bill - how to apply for discount  Fraudsters may create a false sense of urgency on the phone so that people think they have less time to think about what’s going on. They may say things such as: “We want to get this sorted for you as quickly as possible, so if you can follow these instructions immediately...” Britons are reminded to never share their online banking login details, card reader codes or mobile app passcodes on the phone with anyone, even in time of urgency. This could be a sign that the call is not genuine. NatWest noted that a common tactic they will use is asking someone to transfer money to a 'safe account’. This so-called safe account can’t be trusted. People could be transferring one’s money straight to the scammers. They may say: “We’ve set up a safe account where you can transfer your money.” If someone is ever asked to instal software, this could be dangerous. This could give the fraudsters access and control over one’s computer screen, so they can see victims enter their financial details, like their card number or their online banking passcode. If Britons are unsure if the call is genuine, they should “hang up and call back using a trusted number”. It’s important for people to take their time and not be rushed on a call. When someone is forced to act quickly, it can be easy to misjudge a situation Britons should not be afraid to hang up if they feel they are under pressure. Lastly, Natwest noted that Britons should never share personal information. On their website, it says: “Never give out personal or financial information and never share your any card reader codes or app codes. “Tell us straight away if you've given any details out or think you may be the victim of fraud or a scam.” If someone has received a suspicious phone call and think they provided any of their personal security details during the call, they should contact their bank immediately or Action Fraud. Fraudsters may pose as someone offering help or even share personal details with other scammers. According to the Financial Ombudsman (FO), many people over the age of 75 have been victims of phishing and have lost significant amounts of money - and in some cases, their life savings. Britons are urged to not rush when making decisions, always check who they are speaking to and to compare on offers or promotions they may hear on the phone before committing to anything.