Over 120 flights were cancelled on Monday with airports unable to open all of their security gates and hundreds of flights expected to be cancelled in the coming days. The industry is struggling after sacking thousands of staff during the coronavirus pandemic and failing to recruit replacements in sufficient numbers to meet the surging demand since the rules around international travel have been relaxed.  However, many in the industry have blamed the Government for long delays to the counterrorism checks that are required for new pilots, cabin crew and ground staff. Martin Chalk, general secretary of Balpa, the pilots' union, said that airlines had not yet been able to recruit enough staff to cope with demand. Mr Chalk also slammed the Government arguing that Aviation Minister Robert Courts had ignored their warnings. He said: “The chaos witnessed at British airports may well be repeated throughout the summer because airlines, laden with debt… have not yet rehired enough staff.  “We warned ministers several months ago of the threat of disruption during the Easter holidays because airlines were not building enough resilience in their operations. “We told Robert Courts. He listened politely, but the Government failed to act.” Another industry figure told The Telegraph that the industry was in a “very difficult situation”. They said: “Everyone is in a very difficult situation. Over the last two years we have all made deep cuts to survive. READ MORE:Britain braces as bitter -6C arctic blast to bring deep freeze  “And demand is coming back super super fast.” Referencing and vetting for new aviation staff usually takes between 14 and 15 weeks but industry insiders point to significant delays meaning the process can take twice as long. Vetting is required so that staff can receive an “airside” pass to obtain access to areas of the airport beyond security. Applicants are required to provide details of their previous five years of employment and a search of the criminal records database is also required. DON'T MISS:  Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants [REVEAL] Russian soldiers killed and hundreds seriously ill [INSIGHT] PIP claim: Thousands missing out on DWP benefit of £627 a month [SPOTLIGHT]  A spokesman for Easyjet blamed delays on the high levels of sickness from coronavirus for the delays. He said: “We expect to make similar levels of pre-emptive cancellations over the coming days, due to the ongoing high level of sickness.” A spokesman for Manchester and Stansted airports blamed the lengthy vetting process. He said: “We are doing all we can to recruit the staff we need to meet this demand, but this is taking time due to the lengthy vetting and training processes involved.” A spokesman for the Government insisted the checks were there to protect the public. He said: “The aviation industry is responsible for resourcing at airports and they manage their staff absences, although we want to see minimal disruption for passengers during the Easter period. “The requirement for counter terrorist checks for aviation security staff is important for the protection of the travelling public and the Government continues to process these security clearances in a timely manner.” 