Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward are visiting Antigua and Barbuda, St Lucia, and St Vincent and the Grenadines from today until Monday 28. The Royal Family have to follow a lot of rules when they go abroad, especially on royal tours. So what rules will Sophie and Edward be following?  Daena Borrowman, the Marketing Manager at jewellerybox spoke to Express.co.uk to outline the general rules, especially when it comes to style. She said: “There are dozens of protocols in place that stylists and dressers of the royals have to familiarise themselves with to prevent working royals from landing into embarrassing fashion faux pas. “It is customary for senior royals to dress modestly during public appearances, in order to preserve the sanctity of the royal family. “Royal women are expected to wear pantyhose whenever their legs are exposed in public.  READ MORE: Royals warned Commonwealth 'finished' ahead of Wessex tour “The Duchess of Cambridge, who favours nude pantyhose and has worn it with many iconic outfits, has often triggered the sellout of nude pantyhose. “Pennies or small weights are sewed into the hemlines of dresses to avoid them being blown up by a strong gust of British wind. “Royal women are also discouraged from showing off their cleavage. In order to still wear bespoke dresses with daring necklines, the Duchess of Cambridge has her evening gowns altered ever so slightly to keep with the rules, while her later mother-in-law, Princess Diana used to hold her clutch to her chest while exiting vehicles.” What item do royals always have to pack when travelling?  Daena continued: “While the Queen favours bold colours and prescribes them to her family because royals are meant to be easily distinguishable in a crowd, a tragedy delivered a life lesson, giving rise to a whole new protocol that applies to this date. “When Queen Elizabeth’s flight landed in England after the death of her father, her dresser realised they hadn’t packed a black mourning outfit for the new mourning Queen to be received by her ministers. “Ever since then, Royal Family members have to compulsorily pack a black outfit when travelling.” What other rules do royal women specifically have to follow with their clothes when abroad?  Daena added: “Royal women are expected to keep their coats on at social events, as disrobing in public is perceived as distasteful according to royal protocol. “This would explain why so many royal women prefer coat dresses. However, more recently, the Duchess of Cambridge has bent this rule and taken off her coat whilst attending indoor events.” What traditions must Sophie follow when touring in the Caribbean? Daena commented saying: “Whilst touring abroad, royal protocol dictates that royal women also honour local history and traditions by sporting the colours of the country they are in, wearing jewellery gifted to the Queen by that country or respecting local customs such as covering of the head with a scarf.”  Sophie recently broke a royal protocol when abroad on a royal tour in New York, according to fashion experts, by wearing dark nail varnish. Daena noted: “Royal women are not permitted to wear bright or dark nail paint on their fingernails. “Only nude shades, sheer whites and light pinks are allowed. A firm favourite of the Queen’s is Essie’s ‘Ballet Slippers’. “In fact, for their weddings, both the Duchess of Cambridge and the Duchess of Sussex, famously combined two nude nail colours. “While Kate wore a mix of, '28 Rose Lounge' from Bourjois and the now discontinued '423 Allure' from Essie, Meghan wore a mix of CND Shellac’s ‘Unmasked’ and ‘Negligee’. “However, both Duchesses have occasionally favoured dark red or oxblood toenails on open toed heels.” 