Liverpool are lining up a £25million swoop for Torino centre-back Gleison Bremer in anticipation that Joe Gomez could leave the club, according to reports in Italy. The Brazilian defender has been among the best players in Serie A this season, despite the fact his side currently sit 11th in the table. Bremer has been central to Il Toro's impressive defensive record that sees them boast the fifth tightest backline in the Italian top-flight. Torino have shipped just 30 goals, just one less than league leaders AC Milan and two more than fourth-placed Juventus. Now TuttoMercato claim Bremer is back on Liverpool's radar after the Reds perilously explored a deal in January 2021. It's suggested that a £25m bid in under consideration ahead of the summer - when Liverpool could make changes to their options at centre-back. READ MORE: Barcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star Gabriel That's because England international Gomez is expected to move on after nearly seven years at Anfield. Jurgen Klopp has been unable to offer the 24-year-old regular game time this season due to the consistency of Joel Matip and Ibrahima Konate alongside Virgil van Dijk. Aston Villa boss Steven Gerrard is understood be lining up a summer move for Gomez, who will be allowed to leave Liverpool. Although Klopp would love to keep his Premier League-winning defender, he cannot offer him assurances of regular playing time. It means Liverpool would need to plug the gap should Gomez indeed depart and Bremer is thought to be the primary target - should that be the case. Other English clubs including Leicester, Tottenham and Fulham have also been linked with the former Charlton man. The Reds are not the only club in contention for Bremer though with Inter Milan already at the front of the queue. However, Liverpool may have a small advantage in the sense that they declared their interest in a deal around 14 months ago, before they landed Ozan Kabak and Ben Davies. Bremer's stock continues to rise with every performance after he helped keep Scudetto race leaders AC Milan at bay on Sunday night. He was excellent for his side, heading, blocking and tackling to help secure a clean sheet. His contract with Torino - which does not contain a release clause - is due to run until the summer of 2025. Brazil are thought to be considering Bremer as one of their defensive options ahead of this year's World Cup in Qatar.