  The Apprentice star Karren Brady has spoken out against Northern Ireland women’s football manager Kenny Shiels for claiming that “women are more emotional than men”. The current vice-chairman of West Ham United F.C. went on to accuse Kenny of not delivering “much of an apology” after his words were met with backlash.      Karren, 53, called Kenny’s behaviour “annoying on so many levels” and pointed out that, ironically, his comments appeared to be the result of the manager himself becoming “emotional”. Kenny, 65, caused an uproar on Tuesday when he said: “In the women's game... when a team concedes a goal they concede a second within a very short period of time. “Right through the women's game, because girls and women are more emotional than men, so they take a goal going in not very well.” His comments came after Northern Ireland’s defeat against England earlier this week.     Karren laid into the Northern Ireland Women’s football manager with an article entitled: “Kenny, the 70s called and they want their sexist beliefs back.” After saying she hoped Kenny was now “seriously regretting his recent post-match analysis”, Karren said his “sexist declarations about women” appeared to come from the 1970s. On Tuesday, Northern Ireland were thrashed 5-0 by England at Windsor Park, which ended their hopes of qualifying for the 2023 Women’s World Cup. While she acknowledged the loss was “a shame”, Karren pointed out that Kenny was basically suggesting women are less competent than men due to being more “emotional”.     She also criticised him for making an insincere apology, writing: “Kenny apologised for his words the next day, saying he was ‘sorry for the offence that they have caused’. “That is akin to saying, ‘I’m sorry you are upset.’ Not much of an apology at all.” Karren went on to argue that Kenny was actually the “emotional one” in this situation. “It seems astonishing that these words came from someone in charge of a women’s team in 2022,” she mused. “In fact, it’s easy to wonder if he is in the right job. READ MORE... Fans ecstatic as comic Peter Kay returns to the stage [LATEST] Martin Kemp admits he and wife Shirlie have 'empty heart syndrome' [INSIGHT] 'Turned up with contracts’ Simon Cowell on Amanda Holden's BGT demands [NEWS]     “But it strikes me that his comments were made in the heat of responding to a 5-0 thrashing for his team. “Kenny was upset, basically. So isn’t it ironic that he was speaking out of upset and anger?” She also ended her piece with the cheeky jibe: “Well, he just needs to calm down, dear, and get with the programme.” Elsewhere in her piece, she also pointed out that the likes of David Beckham and Paul Gascoigne have been seen crying on the pitch over the years.     Arsenal legend Ian Wright even responded to Kenny’s comments with pictures of himself in tears on the pitch, she pointed out in her column for The Sun. Despite the backlash, Kenny will continue as Northern Ireland manager. Captain Marissa Callaghan said in a statement the squad "collectively stand by our manager" and praised Kenny as a "man of integrity who cares for us like we are family". “Kenny has transformed the game here in Northern Ireland because he understands how to get the best out of his players,” she added. Express.co.uk have contacted the Irish FA for comment.  