The Duke of Cambridge will turn 40 this year on June 21 and, according to several reports, the Duke and Duchess will have a shared celebration for their birthday in June. This comes after Kate Middleton reached the milestone birthday earlier this year.  Speaking about his bond with Prince Charles, Mr Jobson said: “Occasionally, it has needed his wife Catherine’s deft diplomatic touch to smooth things over between father and son. “Even their mutual passion for the environment has somehow managed to lay bare their differences.” Mr Jobson continued: “The Duke of Cambridge has done a brilliant job, injecting hope into the debate over climate change, instead of always saying we’re at the cliff edge. “His initiative [the Earthshot Prize competition] is about finding ways to stop and slow the damage.  “The Prince of Wales, while passionate, offers a doomsday scenario.” Like many of his generation, William is passionately concerned about climate change and about those far less fortunate than himself. Mr Jobson writes for Daily Mail: “Once he inherits the vast Duchy of Cornwall from his father, he says, he’ll look into using Royal property to house the homeless.” However, he went ahead and explained how Prince Charles deals with his son's “unpredictable moods”.  READ MORE: Meghan 'pushes Harry away' after televised kiss Mr Jobson said: “To this day, Charles admits he often finds it difficult to gauge both William and Harry’s occasionally unpredictable moods. “In private, the Duke of Cambridge has a notably short fuse. His fiery temper can blow up at any time – usually when he’s frustrated or when it comes to issues regarding his family. “Even senior members of his circle will ‘check which way the wind is blowing’ before becoming too self-assured in his presence or raising problematic issues that might be better addressed at another time. “Other insiders confide that William can be an emotional character who is, on occasion, ‘difficult to handle’.”  DON'T MISS:Biographer recalls Prince William as 'floppy-haired teen'Emmaneul Macron aims to beat far-right challenger Marine Le PenMan locks smart meter in cupboard He continued: “Sometimes, the level of William’s belligerence has shocked his father, who’s always loathed confrontation. “The result is that Charles tends to tread carefully when dealing with his heir, and fails to pull him up on his lack of respect. “This is a peculiarly royal problem. Charles has always been a stickler about showing deference to the Queen and her office, while his sons have rarely shown proper deference to him as King-in-waiting. “As a senior former member of the Royal Household explains, William sometimes appears to forget that there’s a hierarchy in which he ranks below his father. ‘When it comes to his father, it is as if William thinks they are, as direct heirs to the throne, on a level.’” 