Flight attendant Rhiannon Corbett explained how travellers should pack their luggage to save space next time they go on holiday. Rhiannon started by advising passengers to make "a packing list". The crew member said "a packing checklist is essential, as it will not only help you save time packing, but it will also cut down on the possibility of forgetting anything important needed for your travels". She said travellers should always "pack with plenty of time to spare". The flight attendant explained: "Staying organised and prepared is essential for a successful trip. If you pack well in advance, you are less likely to forget all of those smaller items and essentials to take with you on your trip. "You will also feel less stressed before your flight, with everything ready to go." In a recent video Rhiannon shared on social media, her number one tip was to "always check the weather" before packing for your holiday. READ MORE: Flight attendant on why Meghan and Harry didn't pay bill on flight   "Be sure to check the weather before you travel to prevent overpacking and to ensure you are packing appropriately for the climate," she said. The flight attendant added: "Pro Tip: Try to pack versatile items which can be used in more than one way e.g. clothes that are flexible enough to cover a variety of situations – this is a smart way to keep your packing list to a minimum and give yourself enough room for everything you need." Another essential item to pack for any trip is a "travel adaptor". "It’s a good idea to carry a selection of travel adaptors for all your different devices, as you never know whether they will be easily available in the country you are flying to," she explained. Travellers should try to leave extra space in their suitcase for any souvenirs or extra shopping so they won’t have to worry about fitting it back in, she explained. Rhiannon also shared a few simple ways to maximise the space in the suitcase. She said: "Do consider the benefits of rolling your clothes rather than folding. Tightly rolling clothes into compact pieces not only allows for fitting more items into the suitcase but it also cuts down on creases. "Do try use packing cubes or clothes pouches. Packing cubes are a great way to compress your clothing and accessories to maximise space in your suitcase, organise your items and prevent items moving around while travelling." Portable travel pouches, also known as clothes packing cubes or luggage organisers, can be found on Amazon for £4. Rhiannon continued: "Do wear your heaviest items rather than packing them, wearing your bulky items such as coats and jackets can help save up crucial space in your suitcase! "Don't overpack, one of the best ways to pack a suitcase to maximise space is to pack only what you actually intend to use, any items you forget or emergency items can usually be purchased at the destination of your travel." She also recommended "keeping your handbags in dust bags and your toiletries in a clear cosmetic bag, so you can easily see them".  This will also prevent any spills from leaking into the rest of the bag. The flight attendant also said it is important to get "travel-friendly toiletries," which are small refillable travel bottles. "Not only are they good for the environment, but they also prevent you from taking more product than you really need! Don’t forget to label them with a smudge-proof pen," she said. The crew member concluded by advising passengers to "keep toiletries within reach, as this will make it much easier and more convenient for you to grab items that will help you feel refreshed after a long flight".