Newcastle co-owner Mehrdad Ghodoussi has reportedly promised to give Allan Saint-Maximin a new deal and has told the Frenchman he intends to build his new-look squad around him. Saint-Maximin has starred for the Magpies since joining the club from Nice in 2019 and is said to be attracting interest from Paris Saint-Germain. Newcastle began the season in dismal form but were taken over by a mega-rich Saudi-led consortium last autumn. And, after appointing Eddie Howe as manager, they have turned their season around. The Magpies looked destined for the Championship at the turn of the year after winning just one of their first 20 Premier League matches. But they are now ninth in the table after winning 10 of their last 14 encounters. And that means the new owners will be able to build a stellar squad without having to contend with life in England’s second tier. According to The Mirror, Newcastle want to make Saint-Maximin central to their plans and tie him down to a new contract - despite the fact he still has four years remaining on his current one. And that could be bad news for PSG, who are keen to land the player following his fine form in England. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Rangnick slams three decisions after Arsenal defeat  Saint-Maximin has been viewed by many as the Magpies’ best player since he arrived in the Premier League. The 25-year-old has impressed with his silky skills and dribbling ability, and has proved to be a menace to opposition defences. The winger has contributed 12 goals and 15 assists in 89 games since moving to St James’ Park - but that tally could rise substantially if Newcastle can attract other top talent to the north east. Newcastle’s owners have big ambitions to take the club forward and the side’s form suggests they could even target European qualification next season if they sign wisely this summer. DON'T MISS Tottenham 'line up Gareth Bale return along with five signings' Erik ten Hag makes stance on Man Utd selling Marcus Rashford clear Mikel Arteta needs to 'make a change' for Saliba to snub transfer     So Saint-Maximin will surely want to be part of Newcastle’s journey if he can resist the temptation to move back to France. The ace came through the youth system at Saint-Etienne, before joining Monaco in 2015 and has also spent loan spells with SC Bastia as well as German side Hannover 96. PSG have mega-rich owners themselves and have built a formidable squad over the last few years, with the likes of Lionel Messi, Kylian Mbappe and Neymar plying their trade at the Parc des Princes. And the addition of Saint-Maximin could bolster them further if they can prise him away from the Premier League. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 