Residents in England will have the chance to reshape their councils and authorities when local elections are held on May 5. More than 4,000 seats are up for grabs, allowing voters a say on national issues such as the cost of living crisis and the ongoing row over parties held in Downing Street. Last year, the Conservative Party made significant gains across England, increasing the total number of councils under their control by 13. The Tories also added an extra 235 councillors to give them an overall sum of 2,345. By contrast, Labour held exactly 1,000 fewer seats and by the time all ballots had been counted, lost 327 councillors to their rivals.  READ MORE: Benidorm chaos as foul-mouthed row erupts on bus to hotel In terms of councils, Labour conceded control of eight authorities, giving them a total of 44. Elsewhere, the local elections in 2021 proved hugely successful for Sir Ed Davey’s Liberal Democrats. They gained control of one more council than they entered the election with to give them influence over seven authorities. The Lib Dems also grew their representation with regards to councillor seats by eight - giving them 588 overall. Meanwhile, the Green Party, Mebyon Kernow and Reform UK all made gains in the number of council seats they held.  This May’s local elections will be the first major test for Prime Minister Boris Johnson since a parliamentary inquiry was launched into whether he had misled MPs with regards to breaching lockdown rules. National polling is limited somewhat for local elections as not every region will be holding a vote, but the general consensus is that Labour could be set to make major gains. Leading pollsters Colin Rallings and Michael Thrasher told the Sunday Times that the Tories could be impacted by their handling of the cost of living crisis and the partygate scandal.  DON'T MISS: Horror as British man 'stabbed to death' in Algarve holiday resort [NEWS]'Boris can't keep it in his pants' Dr Shola blasts PM over Rayner [WATCH]Brexit LIVE: 'Invincible' Macron to unleash hell on 'isolated' Britain [LIVE] They said: “Most of the more than 4,350 seats falling vacant were last contested in 2018 when the party posted its best performance at local level since 2012. "Since then the [Labour] party has fallen back, especially in parts of so-called ‘red wall’ England at the 2021 local elections. “Its record in council by-elections has also been patchy during the past year, making fewer gains from the Tories than losses. "However, any swing to Labour now will make the Tories lose ground and confirm Labour's current opinion poll lead.  “And the bigger the losses, the more the Prime Minister's position will come under threat from his own MPs." When residents cast their votes next week, the results are expected in the early hours and throughout the day on Friday, May 6. Though some are also likely to wait until Saturday, May 7 before declaring their results in full. Across England, 146 councils will be holding elections, including all 32 London boroughs. 