In reaction to the reports of massacres in Bucha, near Kyiv, French President Emmanuel Macron argued that new sanctions on Russia need to be implemented. He said: “What happened in Bucha demands a new round of sanctions and very clear measures, so we will co-ordinate with our European partners, especially with Germany.” He added that “on oil and coal, we must be able to move forward. We should certainly advance on sanctions… We can’t accept this.” Europe relies on Russian gas for more than 40 percent of its total supply, with wide-ranging discussions around how to wean the continent off the Russian resource taking place since the Ukraine war broke out. The UK, however, relies on Russian supplies for just four percent of its gas demands, and the UK Government set out plans to reduce dependency last month. In March UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: “In another economic blow to the Putin regime following their illegal invasion of Ukraine, the UK will move away from dependence on Russian oil throughout this year, building on our severe package of international economic sanctions. “Working with industry, we are confident that this can be achieved over the course of the year, providing enough time for companies to adjust and ensuring consumers are protected.” The cost of gas for energy supplies has risen by a staggering 250 percent since the start of 2021, according to data from industry group Oil & Gas UK. Government economists have forecast that the Ukraine crisis and the soaring price of wholesale gas mean the price cap could rise a further 42 percent in October, reaching £2,800 for the average household. The UK could eliminate all Russian imports by investing in renewable power, increasing North Sea production and imports of Liquified Natural Gas – but this could result in further price hikes. The UK Government is due to publish its energy security strategy on Thursday, April 7.  Hopes that energy bills will fall next year have faded with Chris O’Shea, chief executive of British Gas owner Centrica saying prices would not start to decrease “any time soon”. He said: “High gas prices will be here for the next 18 months to two years”. And Douglas McWilliams, deputy chairman of the Cebr, said: “People can put up with high costs if only for a short period, but what our model suggests is, unless the Ukraine situation resolves itself, prices are likely to be high but falling for three or four years.” So what do YOU think? Are you willing to pay more for energy bills to cut off ALL Russian gas in light of “gruesome” Ukraine war crimes? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.