Hilary Fordwich has warned the contemptuous comments made by Prince Harry have placed his position at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee service in jeopardy. The royal commentator condemned “derisive comments” made by the Prince concerning the Royal Family. She highlighted recent statements made by the Prince to be “contradictory” and suggested an invitation to the Jubilee services may be revoked for Harry and Meghan. In an interview with American network NBC, the Duke of Sussex claimed his home was now “in the States” where he feels “welcomed with open arms.” Ms Fordwich warned declarations made by the Prince in the NBC interview were “too contradictory” to solidify his presence at the Diamond Jubilee celebrations. The Prince claimed he wanted to ensure the Queen was “protected” and his grandmother had “the right people around her”. The royal commentator condemned the statements of Prince Harry who chose to “leave the nation” with his move to the US. Ms Fordwich struck the inconsistency of the comments from the Prince who chose to “leave [his] grandmother” as he stepped back from royal duties. The royal expert declared the interview given by the Duke of Sussex had further tarnished his image to the nation. She claimed Prince Harry is suffering “plummeting popularity with the British public”. Ms Fordwich announced royal family members have been left stunned by the declarations of Prince Harry, in particular “Prince Charles is rather flabbergasted.” She remained certain the engagement with foreign media has “jeopardised” the opportunity for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to attend upcoming royal events. Read more: Meghan Markle 'open to idea' of own book about journey to royal life Reports suggested Harry and Meghan had been offered an invitation to attend the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee service. The invitation followed a recent visit by Prince Harry and Meghan to the UK in which they visited the Royal family at Windsor Castle. The trip marked the first return of the couple to the UK since they stepped back from royal duties in 2020. The Jubilee event in June will celebrate 70 years of the reign of Queen Elizabeth II. Don't miss: 'He hasn't been dragged' TV host rages at claims Meghan 'lured' Harry [REPORT]Prince Harry was 'always' going to leave Royal Family [INSIGHT]Kate and Prince William's body language analysed  [ANALYSIS] Harry and Meghan made their strictly low-profile visit to the UK ahead of their trip to Holland for the Invictus Games. The Prince described the meeting with the Queen as “great” and explained it was “really nice to catch up” with his grandmother in person. Discussing his move to the US, Prince Harry celebrated the “great community up in Santa Barbara” where he and Meghan had settled. Prince Harry has not yet confirmed if he or his family will be present at the Platinum Jubilee services.