Tumble dryers are amazing appliances for drying clothes fast, but they also contribute to high energy bills. As the energy price cap has increased by 54 percent now, if these time-savers were costly before, they’ll be even more so now. Household laundry is one of the biggest sources of energy cost for homeowners, and there are roughly 14 million households using electricity to dry clothes. Different household appliances use up different volumes of energy, meaning the costs of running each can vary. Devices that produce heat - like kettles, microwaves, and tumble dryers - use up a lot more energy than those that produce light or sound. So, those looking for ways to cut costs, they’ll want to be turning to their heated appliances. Laundry experts at Everything Homes said: “We have a handful of helpful tips which will save you money and energy consumption, at the same time as ensuring your laundry dries.” They advised that tumble dryer balls should be added to every drying load to save energy as they reduce strung time by up to 25 percent. READ MORE: Energy bills: ‘Cheapest’ ways to cook food to save on energy bills The experts said: “Not only are tumble dryer balls a natural way to soften fabrics, but they also lift and separate the laundry allowing the hot air to flow more efficiently, which speeds up the drying time – making your tumble dryer more energy efficient.” Pairing the tumble dryer balls with a full load will reduce the number of times you use the tumble dryer as well as reducing the length of time. The laundry experts added: “Although a second consecutive drying load will take less time to dry, drying larger loads at once will use less electricity and therefore cost you less money.” Smaller loads use just over half the energy, so those doing two or three small ones instead of one big one could effectively be using up more energy. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers using bleach - ‘cheap’ [TIPS]Laundry: How to properly remove ‘yellow’ stains from pillows [EXPERT]Weeds: How to get rid of weeds using ‘cheap and natural’ methods [INSIGHT] Tumble dryer filters should always be clean and kept free from lint. The lint filter collects fluff from your clothes - sometimes a very surprising amount. If this gets blocked, the hot air won’t be able to circulate as freely. It can actually become flammable if you let it build up too much, so it’s best to just clear it as soon as possible. The experts explained: “Tumble dryer guides advise to clean the filters after every use, and by doing so you can help keep your tumble dryer working efficiently as the air flow will not be impeded. “This means the appliance will not need to work as hard to dry clothes nor will it take as long to dry clothes.” Many modern dryers come with an automated setting and whilst this may seem like a good function, in reality it is likely to use more energy as the appliance will continue to tumble after the clothes are dry to remove creases. Instead, the experts insist on choosing a “manual setting”. They explained: “By choosing a manual setting, you won’t be unnecessarily using more heat to dry your clothes. “In fact, it is recommended to bring your clothes out of the tumble dryer when they are still slightly damp, as this will make them easier to iron.” Britons also need to consider the placement of their tumble dryer, as this can impact drying time. If the tumble dryer is placed in a damp room which traps condensation, it will increase the drying time, which is why – where possible – homeowners need to place their tumble dryer in a room which is warm. Placing it in a warm room will mean the appliance doesn’t need to work as hard to heat up, if this isn’t possible place it in a room where a window can be opened, so fresh air can circulate.