Nick Knowles, 59, has hit out at online trolls after pictures were published of him sharing a kiss with his new girlfriend. The DIY SOS presenter was papped with Katie Dadzie after the pair were seen shopping and enjoying a dinner date in London's Mayfair. But after comments about the age difference between 32-year-old Katie and Nick, the presenter took to Twitter asking, "what happened to 'be kind'?" Posting on the platform, Nick said he was "raging" about the jibes made about his new partner. He typed: "The woman I was out to dinner with when we were papped is 32, has degrees in two subjects, runs 3 businesses, is a mother of 2, is wealthier & more successful than me & is intelligent & independent unlike the abusive trolls attacking her.”(sic) In response, fans said “they had his back”, as they defended him against the negativity. READ MORE: Phillip Schofield and Luke Evans' secret friendship exposed on holiday @paulwilkins691 replied: “Jealous nick fair play to you.” @Patrick69868698 typed: “Sorry this happened, don’t lower to their level… you are the better person!!” @whiskeyfan001 said: “Behind you Nick. You’re a good bloke.” It comes after Nick enjoyed a romantic meal in London with Katie over the Easter weekend. The couple looked happy as they embraced during a cigarette break outside Hakkasan restaurant in Mayfair. They were then pictured strolling hand-in-hand as they browsed the cars in the Bentley showroom before jumping in a taxi together to head home. Despite an age gap of 28 years, the couple looked more in love than ever eight months after they were first seen out together in public. DONT MISS:Prince Harry savaged as ‘out of touch’ during NBC interview (PHOTOS)Prince Harry says he and Meghan Markle are 'living life of service' (NEWS)Alison Hammond feared she'd 'killed' This Morning co-star  (LATEST) Nick met the mum-of-two at a kids' group attended by his youngest son back in August, according to Mirror Online. He was previously spotted cosying up to PR exec Emily Hallinan in 2019 - who was 30 years his junior - and the pair dated for a year before calling it quits in 2020. He also dated Gemma Oaten, but it didn't end well. In 2016, Gemma was left in tears after their brief romance crumbled. At the time, she claimed that the DIY SOS star suddenly grew cold and distant after they were photographed cuddling together at an awards show. Following the release of the photos, Nick ruled out any more dates with Gemma after claiming he was trying to save his marriage with his then-estranged wife Jessica Rose Moore. His former wife Jessica is also 26 years younger than Nick, and the two share a son together. Their split took an awkward turn, with her accusing him of "emotional cruelty" in a blistering attack on Twitter. Thankfully, the parents were later able to resolve their issues and have been co-parenting amicably. Nick shares two grown-up children with his first wife Gillian Knowles. He also shares a son with Paula Beckett-Vass following a brief romance. 