Erik ten Hag has been tipped to take two Ajax players with him to Old Trafford if he is appointed Manchester United manager this summer. United could be getting a three-for-one deal by making Ten Hag their new boss, strengthening two problems positions in the process. The 52-year-old Dutchman is currently the leading candidate to take charge next season but faces stiff competition from Mauricio Pochettino. United will conduct a second and final round of interviews before deciding who they believe is the right man to take the club forward. Ten Hag has leapt every hurdle with flying colours and particularly impressed football director John Murtough with his vision for the future and English language in his interview. United are attracted to his ability to rebuild squads, promote youth and challenge for major silverware. The Red Devils would likely provide him with financial backing ahead of his first campaign at the helm, with several players set to leave this summer. And reputable Dutch journalist Mike Verweij has suggested Ajax winger Antony would follow Ten Hag to England. JUST IN: Man Utd will go against 'Rangnick's recommendation' if Ten Hag snubbed During De Telegraaf's 'Kick Off' podcast, Verweij was asked whether he agreed or disagreed that Ten Hag would sign Antony in his first transfer window as United manager. His short but sweet answer, 'agree', indicates he's confident the Premier League giants would choose the Brazilian starlet to solve their current right-wing problem. The Mirror also report that as well as Antony, Ten Hag believes his Ajax team-mate, Netherlands centre-back Justin Timber will help improve United's defensive woes. With Antony aged 22 and Timber at 20, both would represent exciting arrivals at the start of a new era and rebuild at the Theatre of Dreams. READ MORE: Alli gets Lampard support as Everton boss slams Collymore The former has enjoyed a superb season at Ajax, scoring 12 goals and registering 10 assists in 33 appearances in all competitions, including six goal involvements in seven Champions League games. Timber, meanwhile, has established himself as a critical component of Ten Hag's defence and has already earned six international caps. With Jadon Sancho showcasing better form on the left and Mason Greenwood unavailable, the right-wing problem has struck United again this term. Meanwhile, Harry Maguire's struggles and Eric Bailly and Axel Tuanzebe's potential summer exits could call on more investment in central defence. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.