Former Bayern Munich star Markus Babbel thinks Manchester United can secure the appointment of Erik ten Hag if they guarantee him transfer backing. The Ajax boss is currently the Red Devils’ top target to replace Ralf Rangnick at the end of the campaign. And all signs point to him moving to Old Trafford and being charged with the task of re-awakening a sleeping giant. Manchester United have endured a troublesome campaign under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Rangnick so far. They’re poised to miss out on Champions League football for the first time since 2019, while they’re already out of contention to win the Premier League, FA Cup and Carabao Cup as well. United used the recent international break to hold talks with managerial candidates, with Ten Hag among them. The Ajax boss is now the frontrunner for the position ahead of Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique. And Babbel, speaking exclusively to Express Sport, thinks Ten Hag will agree to take over at Old Trafford if he’s assured he’ll get the players he wants. “If Manchester United want him, they’ll get him,” he said via Bet365.com. “He’s been in Amsterdam for years now. A fantastic club, big club, but the Dutch league isn’t the strongest in European football. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “You can win the league, maybe the double, but that’s about it. “If you have the chance to join a club like Manchester United, you need to do it. But it depends on what he wants. “Of course, there are big problems at Manchester United, many players unhappy, unlikely to qualify for the Champions League so it’s not going to be easy. “Now, if he can choose four, five or six players in the next transfer window, he’ll do it. “But if not, then why would he leave his perfect life in Amsterdam?” Babbel also revealed he himself was close to joining United prior to moving to Liverpool. However, he opted to remain at Bayern after the Red Devils failed to give him the salary he felt he deserved. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players “Very close. At this time, it was a record fee, nobody had ever been signed for that fee before,” he stated. “It was 40 million German Marks at the time, I was talking to United, but my agent said to me ‘listen Markus there is something wrong.’ “‘They are willing to pay this much on your transfer fee, but your salary is ok, nothing more. “With this money on the transfer fee, they should be paying a lot higher wages. “I said, ‘OK I don’t have to leave if it’s not right, I’m happy to stay at Bayern Munich’, it’s a fantastic club and afterwards with hindsight, I’m so happy it didn’t happen. “They wanted to sign me as a centre back, but I wasn’t the best at centre back! “In Germany I always played with three at the back, so it was a different game for me: three versus two centre backs. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “The right side was the perfect position for me in that United back four, but they had Gary Neville, one of the greatest right backs at the time. “I’m so glad I listened to my agent and waited to go to Liverpool.” Babbel was part of the Bayern team that lost to United in the 1999 Champions League final. And he’s now admitted he never talked to former Red Devils strikers Andy Cole and Dwight Yorke about that memorable game while they were at Blackburn together. “No, we never talked about it, I was happy the referee was whistling,” he said. “I can only say I’m angry with myself because for me the Champions League was the biggest trophy that I could have won. It was more than a World Cup or European Championship. “My dream was always to win the Champions League so the two days before the final, I wasn’t the same person. “I was so nervous, under pressure but not from my teammates or manager - I brought this on myself. “I couldn’t enjoy the game and on the pitch, I was just thinking don’t make a mistake. “Afterwards, I thought what I was doing, I should have relaxed and if I had been more relaxed, we’d have won the game. I was under so much pressure; I couldn’t enjoy it. “It was the biggest disappointment of my career.”