Joan Parker-Grennan, 53, was delighted when she saw she’d landed the win on a scratchcard on a £20Million Online Spectacular game. However, when she contacted Camelot, which also runs the National Lottery, she was told there had been a "technical issue" which meant the game displayed numbers in the wrong boxes. So, the company bookkeeper, from Boston, Lincolnshire, only won £10 and has been in a fierce feud with Camelot in the seven years since. But she is now set to take the company to the High Court after launching a legal claim last year. Joan, who lives with 60-year-old husband Dave, said: "My solicitors have already offered them the chance to settle and pay £700,000, £800,000 or £900,000. "They took the game offline within a day of me making the claim. They told me in an email it was a glitch." Camelot was fined millions last month for separate technical glitches on its mobile app, reports Daily Mirror. The firm was told last month it would be losing National Lottery to a Czech company, after running for nearly 30 years. It claims software behaved "erroneously" during Joan’s "win" in 2015. In the game the top row of numbers were matched to those beneath. Joan matched two 15s for a tenner but also two ones for a million. Joan’s £1million claim is for "monies due under the terms of a consumer contract between the parties and/or damages for breach of a consumer contract". The bookkeeper is toying with ideas of what she’d do with any winnings. She said: "I’d like a kitchen island and we could invest but we’re more likely to spend it helping others."  Camelot said the incident related to "a very small number of National Lottery players who had a problem when playing the £20Million Cash Spectacular online Instant Win Game, relating to how the game animation displayed. "The outcome of every National Lottery Instant Win Game play is pre-determined at time of purchase, and the animation is purely for entertainment purposes. "The game had been on sale less than 12 hours when we became aware of the issue and immediately disabled it. "There is a hearing in June but a trial date has not yet been set." 