The incident, on Friday night, was described as an "explosion" by the leader of Preston City Council, while police said it is currently "unexplained". The two kids as well as a woman in her twenties, all present as the fire raged through the house, were rushed to hospital. Police and fire crews, who were called to an address on Coronation Crescent, raced to the terraced home to find two minors and one adult in need of medical treatment. Four fire engines from Preston, Penwortham, Bamber Bridge, and Hyndburn were sent to the area. North West Ambulance Service took the three people to hospital after Around 8.50pm, the fire was extinguished but crews remained on scene to complete the damping-down stage. Matthew Brown, leader of Preston City Council, wrote on Twitter: "Really concerning to hear about the explosion at a property in Avenham this evening. "Thoughts and prayers with all those affected by what looks like an extremely serious incident." READ MORE: M25 traffic hell as huge car fire brings traffic to standstill with MILES of queues What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea A spokesperson for Lancashire Police told LancsLive: "Three people — a woman aged in her 20s and two children aged three and five — have been taken to hospital in a critical condition. "Their next of kin have been informed and are being supported by specially trained officers. They added: "Firefighters used six breathing apparatus and two hose reels to extinguish the fire. Four casualties received treatment from firefighters and North West Ambulance Service (NWAS) paramedics before being conveyed to the hospital by ambulance." Lancashire firefighters made headlines last month as they donated a fire engine and rescue kit as part of a nationwide effort to support their counterparts in Ukraine. Justin Johnston, Lancashire's chief fire officer, said crews on the frontline were "often using old or worn equipment" and claimed the service was "proud to play our part".