EU Financial Services Chief Mairead McGuinness said earlier this week the bloc must cut its reliance on London in the same way as it is working to cut its dependency on Russian energy. She told a European Central Bank event: “It's time now for Europe, the EU of 27, to make very strong decisions on the financial stability and the financial system, just as we are doing today very critically and very urgently around our over-dependency on energy from Russia.” Her comparison of Britain to Vladimir Putin’s Russia has been described as “crass”. Now, Express.co.uk readers have hit back, branding the chief “delusional”. Sterling77a wrote: “Deluded McGuiness is a demented EU bureaucrat who thinks she runs the world. “Her hatred of the British is well known and proves she is totally incapable of holding such a position in the dysfunctional EU.” They added: “She is also a long-time Sinn Fein supporter. She is totally unsuited to be a bureaucratic Commissioner.” Artorious wrote: “Unfortunately this woman has form and suffers from anglophobia.” City Blue thru n thru added, in no uncertain terms: “Superfluous woman, a total non-entity.” Some readers described Ms McGuinness’s remarks as “ironic” given the EU’s own positioning with Russia. READ MORE: Children speaking in different accents after lockdown TV time Liverpool2020 wrote: “Well this can't be true because the EU is paying for Russian gas while Russia bombs Ukraine. “The EU is not being forced to use the UK banking system and we ain't bombing Ukraine, we are sending weapons to help Ukraine.” Behive also noted: “The EU trying to compare Russia with the UK is an attempt to deflect from themselves. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] “You do not attack the hand that feeds you. The EU and Putin are hand in mouth. The more people that accept it, the more that can be done about it.” For Tryingtobereasonable, the comparison was telling of the EU’s continued frustrations with the UK over Brexit. They wrote: “I just love it when leading lights of the EU have another session of throwing their toys out of the pram over Brexit. “Ms McGuinness who clearly hates the UK does it on a regular basis. She just hates to see Brexit Britain successful, it really sticks in her throat. “Makes me more and more glad we're out every time this happens.” Robogold read from the same book, noting: “She is still very angry because Brexit really stuck a spanner the works of the EU.” Ms McGuinness is looking to cut links with London particularly with regards to its derivative clearing houses. These will be allowed to continue serving EU banks and asset managers only until June 2025. In the meantime, the bloc is set to work to boost its own clearing capabilities, which appear at this moment not capable of footing the whole bill.