Neymar has launched an X-rated rant at former Liverpool star Fabio Aurelio after he blasted the attacker's failure to win a Ballon d'Or. Aurelio stated he would be 'disappointed' if he had shared the same career as Neymar considering the Brazilian's talent. That provoked a furious reaction from the Paris Saint-Germain star, who scored as his side defeated Marseille at the weekend. Neymar posted a story on Instagram with a laughing emoji next to Aurelio's comments before screenshotting all the titles he has won over his career. He followed that up with a video in which he lambasted former players who have taken shots at current stars after their retirement. In the video, Neymar said: “I’m tired of these ex-players who are there and only open their mouths to talk s***. A five minute interview and all he did was talk about other people’s lives. If you want to criticise, criticise. But talking shit like that is not possible." Aurelio, who spent six years at Liverpool where he won the League Cup, had been withering in his criticism of Neymar. That is despite the fact that the 30-year-old has won eight league titles, 12 domestic cups and the Champions League during his career at Sau Paolo, Barcelona and PSG. READ MORE: Djokovic 'loses' to Neymar Jr as Serb prepares for Monte Carlo return Even so, Aurelio made it clear that Neymar has not fulfilled his potential and that the Brazilian should feel disappointed as a result. In particular, the former Reds star highlighted the fact that Neymar has never won a Ballon d'Or, with his highest finish being third in 2015 and 2017. “I always say that I would be very disappointed if I was him. The ambitions he has, and for the quality and talent he has, the fact that he has never won a Ballon d’Or feels wrong. He has all the conditions to do it, but I don’t know what has happened," Aurelio told GOAL. DON'T MISS: PSG 'could sell Lionel Messi and Neymar to MLS this summer' (NEWS)Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Messi and Neymar ignore him (INSIGHT)Newcastle respond to Neymar links as Howe's summer transfer budget set (TRANSFERS) "Maybe some things are more important to him than the game, I don’t know? You see [Cristiano] Ronaldo, [Lionel] Messi, they were there at the top level for 10 or 15 years, and you never heard about problems away from the pitch, but Neymar is always involved in things like this. “He needs to stay away from those things, because he is capable of amazing things. Maybe now, the age he is, if you don’t look after yourself, it can come back and haunt you. He is still Neymar, and capable of doing things that you don’t expect, but you see now he is not as fit as he used to be.”