Dr Michael Mosley recently appeared on ITV’s This Morning to discuss ways dieters can easily lose weight. He started by talking about liquid diets: “There are lots of really good ones out there", Michael Mosley said and recommended the Shake and Soup diet. He explained: “It’s about 800-900 calories, more calories, more protein, all the right ingredients in it and it seems to be very effective." However, he claimed that for rapid weight loss, "it doesn't just have to be a liquid diet". "A few years ago with Professor Roy Taylor’s blessing I created something called the Fast 800, a rapid weight loss diet,” Dr Mosley explained. READ MORE: Michael Mosley's wife Dr Clare Bailey's weight loss salad  “This is based on real food but you can also use meal replacement shakes. We got similar results, 50,000 people have done it, the only side effects we’re aware of is constipation and headaches. “That’s the thing, if you’re on rapid weight loss diet, you need to drink lots and lots of water, otherwise, you might get constipated. “You need to be consuming 800-1,000 calories a day, and anything that you are consuming has a decent amount of protein and nutrients in it.” Michael Mosley said dieters need to consume a significant amount of protein for a successful weight loss journey.  He explained why: “I don’t think exercise alone is going to help you lose weight but it improves your mood if nothing else. “The data suggests if you combine it [diet] with exercise that’s a great way [to lose weight]. “And one of the things you want to do, and this is the importance of protein - you need at least 50g of good quality protein a day - that preserves your muscle. “The things you want to do when you lose weight is lose fat and not lose muscle and that was the danger of going on a really low calorie, low protein diet - tea, juicing - is that your body needs protein. "And if it’s not getting it from your diet, it’s getting it from your muscles. “So you need decent protein and exercise and that really means doing press-ups and squats,” the doctor said. Healthline states protein "keeps you fuller for longer, reduces cravings, increases calorie burn and changes weight hormones boosting the appetite-reducing hormones". The health site shared the best protein-rich foods to include in your diet in order to lose weight. Eggs Nuts Chicken Cottage cheese Cheese Greek yoghurt Milk Lean beef Fish Quinoa Lentils