Insulate Britain protesters ‒ who did not include Ms Mullaghan ‒ were praised yesterday by a Judge who fined them for M25 disruption. Twelve people were fined for wilful obstruction of free passage after they disrupted the journeys of an estimated 18,000 drivers by sitting across Junction 3 on the M25 on September 29. Protesters on trial were told by District Judge Stephen Leake at Crawley Magistrates' Court that they had "inspired" him. He said: "I have heard your voices. "They have inspired me and personally I intend to do what I can to reduce my own impact on the planet, so to that extent your voices are certainly heard. "These are difficult cases for us judges because we have to apply the law and that is what we have sworn our judicial oaths to do." Insulate Britain has divided opinion in the UK, winning praise from some for its calls to tackle the climate emergency, and attracting criticism from others due to the organisation's disruptive methods. The organisation is calling for a national programme to ensure homes are insulated to be low energy by 2030. Express.co.uk spoke to Insulate Britain activist Tracey Mallaghan, and asked her about the logistics of implementing their demands. However, she was unable to specify precisely what kinds of insulation would be used and how much it would cost. Asked whether the group wanted to see loft insulation, draft-proofing, double-glazing or wall injections ‒ all of which vary drastically in effect and cost ‒ Ms Mallaghan responded: “So, all of it, right? “So I'm not an expert in insulation, I don't find it sexy, I find it quite hard to sit in the meetings with the construction experts and the architects and take it all on board. "But my understanding is like in Norway, it is entirely possible to insulate a house to the point where human bodies heat them up and you need very little fuel and that is a case of waste not, want not. “We are in an energy crisis as we know so the less we have to use the better. So what we are asking for is a complete retro-fit and the insulation of properties." When it was pointed out that these details might affect how likely the Government is to engage with the idea, and that there are numerous complications ‒ such as the UK having a large number of Victorian houses that are built to allow circulation through the house and, without it, suffer from damp ‒ Ms Mallaghan suggested one of “our architects” could fill in the gaps. While she acknowledged that insulating every home in Britain doesn't come without complication, she argued that this would be far easier than dealing with the long term impacts of climate change. She added: "There are several eco-builders and architects if you want a really detailed explanation of how it could work. READ MORE: Insulate Britain activist married to former TFL boss charged "Insulate Britain has come up with a plan that includes the training of the people that will need to do it and how to get it done. "But what we must remember is the cost of not doing this is the destruction of a whole planet, right?" The activist also argued that implementing the demands of Insulate Britain can come with economic benefits, such as jobs installing the insulation into homes. She continued: "So it’s not the easiest of things to be done, but it is essential that we do it and get on with it and it is possible to do it, and in doing so we’re going to create a whole new industry, right, in Britain we don’t really make much here anymore, so we are going to create whole new industries. "We could make the insulation out of things like hemp and stuff, so it's not just the fitter that we will be creating jobs for, it will be the growing of the insulation materials, it will be turning them into the materials, you know. "Just because something’s difficult doesn’t mean you avoid doing it. A problem doesn’t go away if you ignore it." DON'T MISS Insulate Britain to spark M25 chaos and BLOCK motorway with 'raves' [INSIGHT] Losing 'top' team is good news for Boris Johnson, says JAMES WHALE [ANALYSIS] Time's up for smug Lords who ignore wishes of the public - COMMENT [INSIGHT] It isn't clear how much insulating homes in Britain will cost, but some statistics help offer insight into how big a task it would be. For example, the cost to retrofit a typical family home to net zero standard is estimated at about £26,000. This is based on an analysis of work by the Climate Change Committee – a body of experts that advises the UK Government. Multiply those 26 million homes by £26,000 and the overall price tag is £676billion. Averaged over the next 25 years, retrofitting Britain’s homes could amount to £27billion a year. That is about the same as the entire annual spend on home repairs and maintenance, and more than half as big as the market for new-build homes.