Manchester United believe Erik ten Hag can fit into their structure as they eye the Ajax boss, according to reports. The 52-year-old is currently top of their managerial wishlist, ahead of the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique. And it’s looking more and more possible that he’ll be given the keys to Old Trafford this summer. Manchester United didn’t expect to be pursuing a new manager 12 months ago. They were ticking along nicely under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, finishing second in the Premier League table behind Manchester City and also reaching the Europa League final. United’s hierarchy were so impressed with Solskjaer’s work that they gave him a three-year contract. However, after a dismissal run of form at the start of the season, he was then received of his duties in November after a 4-1 battering at the hands of Watford. Now, they’re looking to appoint a new boss before the end of the campaign so they can assist in planning for the future. And all signs are pointing to Ten Hag being that man, with the 52-year-old likely to leave Ajax at the end of the campaign after five successful years in Amsterdam. The former Bayern Munich coach has impressed United already after recently conducting an interview, where the likes of John Murtough and Daren Fletcher were involved. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And The Times say United believe Ten Hag is capable of fitting into their structure, that that behind the scenes detail emerging. United have altered their structure in private in recent years. Whereas Ed Woodward once ruled the roost on footballing matters, as well as commercial ones, his successor Richard Arnold is more than happy to delegate responsibility. Arnold reports into Joel Glazer, with Murtough and Fletcher then reporting to him in return. During Solskjaer’s reign, the Norwegian was involved in planning transfer business with the club. And that’s something that’s likely to continue should Ten Hag end up replacing interim boss Ralf Rangnick at the end of the campaign. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players United haven’t always done that. While David Moyes, Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho suggested signings for the club’s hierarchy to make they were still forced to accept players they didn’t always entirely want. Van Gaal had no say in the loan move for Radamel Falcao in 2014, with the Colombia international then proceeding to score just four goals during his only season with the club. Moyes was happy to take Juan Mata but only after United had done most of the work already to try and turn their campaign under the Scot around. And Mourinho would insist that he didn’t want Fred, though there have been suggestions that he initially was keen to take the Brazilian on board. Ten Hag to United looks to be gathering momentum. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Meanwhile, Van Gaal recently criticised United - calling them a ‘commercial club’ and imploring Ten Hag to turn them down. “Erik ten Hag is a great coach, and that is always good for Manchester United,” he said earlier this week. “But Manchester United are a commercial club, so it’s a difficult choice for a coach. He’d better go to a football club. “I’m not going to advise him, he’ll call me himself. But he must choose a football club and not a commercial club.” But interim boss Rangnick has now hit out at Van Gaal following those comments. "Louis himself as an experienced coach signed a contract here some five or six years ago and he could have known that in advance if he had that opinion,” he said. “I think football worldwide and even more so in the English Premier League when any rich person or company can buy a club, as long as they pass the fit and proper person test, is a commercialised business, that's for sure. "No matter which club in which city. “What I can only tell you from the last four months is that this is a club with a big tradition with a close relationship with the supporters and to the whole city, region and area. "For me, it's a great club and if the club draws the right conclusions on what's happened in the last couple of years, yes, the last couple of years have not been as good as expected. “But if they draw the right conclusions I still see a very bright future for this club."