The bumbling 46th US President has committed a string of gaffes in recent weeks, causing some Washington critics to question Biden’s competency as leader of the free world. Commissioning the commemoration Ceremony of the USS Delaware on Saturday, Mr Biden mistakenly failed to remember that Michelle Obama served as first lady.  He said: “I’m deeply proud of the work [Jill is] doing as first lady with Joining Forces initiative she started with Michelle Obama when she was vice president.” The mistake was forced to be corrected by the White House late Saturday, which in a transcript posted on its official site, embarrassingly corrected the President and declared he should have said “I”, in reference to him serving as Barack Obama’s second in command. “I’m deeply proud of the work she is doing as First Lady with 'Joining Forces' initiative she started with Michelle Obama when she [I] was Vice President and now carries on,” the White House posted in a transcript, titled Remarks by President Biden and First Lady Jill Biden at the Commissioning Commemoration Ceremony of the USS Delaware. In his rambling speech, the President added: “As First Lady, she doesn’t — she’s been to more military installations around the world. She’s hosted more than 20 events for military families.”   Criticising Mr Biden for his statement, foreign policy analyst and former Thatcher aide, Nile Gardiner, tweeted: “Biden’s evidently declining memory and increasingly confused state of mind is a growing concern for our Allies across the Atlantic and across the world, esp. at a time of great crisis in Europe and mounting threats from our adversaries. “This is increasingly a presidency in chaos.” A little over a year into the Biden administration, the White House has become used to correcting misstatements and verbal slip-ups by the president. Just last week, Biden told US troops in Poland that they will witness the bravery of Ukrainians fighting the Russian invasion of their country “when you’re there,” appearing to imply US soldiers would enter Ukraine after he repeatedly said they would stay out of the European conflict. READ MORE: Putin shouting at staff – expert explains signs of ‘impending coup'  A White House official quickly clarified that Biden wasn’t changing his stance on deploying the military into Ukraine. The following day, Biden made a spontaneous call for Russian President Vladimir Putin to be removed from office, saying, “For God’s sake, this man cannot remain in power.” Not long after, an unnamed White House aide said in a rushed statement to reporters: “The President’s point was that Putin cannot be allowed to exercise power over his neighbors or the region. “He was not discussing Putin’s power in Russia, or regime change.” DON'T MISS:Boris to ‘step up’ pressure on Putin’s war machine Search operations underway as plane crashes into English ChannelGermany left scrambling as Putin cuts off Gazprom gas supply In February, dozens of Republican lawmakers called for President Biden to take a cognitive test. The 38 Republicans, led by Trump’s former White House doctor, Rep. Ronny Jackson (R-Md.), sent a letter to the president on Tuesday “express[ing] concern with your current cognitive state” and asking the 79-year-old to take the test. They wrote: “We believe that, regardless of gender, age, or political party, all Presidents should follow the example set by former President [Donald] Trump to document and demonstrate sound mental abilities. “While you underwent your annual physical exam on November 19, 2021, you either did not have a cognitive test or those results were withheld from the public. “White House Physician Kevin O’Connor, D.O., attested to you being ‘fit to successfully execute the duties of the Presidency’ in a purely physical manner; however, we are worried about your cognitive and mental abilities.” 