The Tesla and SpaceX billionaire last month announced he had already acquired a 9.2 percent stake in the popular communication app, yet refused a position on the company board at the time. Following his announcement, Mr Musk stated he wanted to buy the remaining shares at £41.50 ($54.20) each, hence valuing the company at a staggering £33bn ($43bn).  However, the board of directors at Twitter have reacted heavily to dissuade Mr Musk from taking the company into private ownership. The globally used platform has decided to adopt what is known as a "limited-duration shareholder rights plan", also referred to as a "poison pill”. Such a move will see block all shareholders from being able to control more than 15 percent of the company. Twitter said the move aims to enable its investors to "realise the full value of their investment" by reducing the likelihood any one person can gain control of the company without either paying shareholders a premium or giving the board more time.  Speaking of the move by Twitter, Josh White, a former financial economist for the Securities and Exchange Commission said a “poison pill” is “one of those last lines of defence against a hostile bid takeover". Mr White added: “We call it the nuclear option.” The expert added shareholders may not feel the sum offered by Mr Musk reflects the true value of the company as they seek to obtain a higher bid should it finally be forced through. Whilst acquiring his initial 9.2 percent stake in the company, Mr Musk said he believes Twitter is limiting freedom of speech on the platform. The Tesla CEO reiterated this again in recent days at an event in Vancouver. He has said his primary motivation would be to expand free speech - a US Constitutional right - on Twitter.  READ MORE:Farage backs Elon Musk Twitter takeover as 'best news for free speech' Speaking of his desires and plans for the company, as well as the aggressive move to buy out all shares, Mr Musk said he would have to sell his shares if the deal did not go through. He said: “This is not a threat, it's simply not a good investment without the changes that need to be made. "I believe in its potential to be the platform for free speech around the globe, and I believe free speech is a societal imperative for a functioning democracy. "However, since making my investment I now realize the company will neither thrive nor serve this societal imperative in its current form. “Twitter needs to be transformed as a private company."  DON'T MISS:'Panther' like 'big cat' spotted in Somerset [REPORT]Kittens rescued after being born in gutter [REVEAL]Putin horror as Russian soldiers 'digging up' bodies [INSIGHT] Mr Musk has previously shown interest in developing and launching his own social media platform similar to Twitter. However, such a task has been proven to be harder than first imagined.Following his ban from Twitter, former President Donald Trump’s attempt to launch his own platform, known as “Truth Social” has largely flopped over software and distribution issues. Mr Musk’s aim of buying Twitter will see his ideas launched on an already globally successful platform, and will hence avoid the catastrophe faced by Mr Trump. Other Twitter board members have taken offence at Mr Musk’s attempts to buy the company. Saudi Prince, Al Waleed bin Talal, himself a 5.7 percent shareholder, took to Twitter himself to vent his views and said: “I don’t believe the proposed offer by Elon Musk ($54.20) comes close to the intrinsic value of Twitter given its growth prospects. “Being one of the largest and long-term shareholders of Twitter, @Kingdom_KHC & I reject this offer.”  Many critics are also asking how Mr Musk will be able to run three major brands all at once. Defending his multi-faceted approach to companies, Mr Musk once said in 2018 he effectively split his time between his various ventures by hiring a strong team and allocating responsibilities appropriately to them. By doing this he said: “Almost all of my time is spent on engineering and design.” Mr Musk said at the TED2022 conference in Vancouver he was “unsure” if his attempt to fully acquire Twitter would succeed. He noted he had a backup plan but didn’t specify what this entailed. 