So far the Bank has carried out three consecutive rate hikes to take interest rates to 0.75 percent with the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) next due to take a decision on 5 May. With inflation today revealed to have surged to seven percent pressure is now mounting on the Bank to continue raising rates. Daniele Antonucci, chief economist at Quintet Private Bank, said the inflation rate "virtually guarantees" another rate hike of to one percent at the next meeting. With inflation expected to run higher still analysts are also predicting further rate hikes to come after May.  Ruth Gregory, Senior UK Economist at Capital Economics, predicted: "With high inflation feeding into price/wage decisions, we think the Bank of England will have to raise rates further than it expects, perhaps to at least 2.00 percent next year." Even with the action seen so far inflation is still expected to peak at around 8.7 percent by the end of the year according to forecasts by the Office for Budget Responsibility. Paul Craig, portfolio manager at Quilter Investors, said: "The Bank has underestimated the extent of inflation in previous forecasts and given this month’s increase, there could be even worse to come than previously feared. “The Bank of England is looking more and more as if it is on the back foot in this fight against inflation.  "While trying to remain coordinated with other central banks, it appears they may have been too late in tightening monetary policy conditions and subsequently inflation has spiralled out of control." A key problem for the Bank is that inflation has so far largely been driven by external factors with global energy prices, in particular, proving a major problem. Energy prices have been strained over winter by a range of factors including underproduction of oil and a slump in wind-generated electricity. The Russia Ukraine conflict has since put even greater pressure on commodities such as oil and gas as well as various other markets ranging from wheat to precious metals which are now filtering through to the consumer level.  A big concern for the Bank now though is second-round effects as rising prices see workers demanding higher wages, in turn forcing firms to increase prices further creating a feedback loop. The Bank's governor Andrew Bailey was previously criticised after suggesting workers should show "restraint" when asking for big pay rises. With vacancies at record levels though businesses are already being forced to increase salaries to attract new staff with recent data finding starting salaries rising at their fastest pace in over 20 years. While typically used as a means of controlling inflation, raising interest rates will push up the cost of borrowing for both businesses and consumers, potentially leading to a slow down in the economy. With a significant lag time for effects to be felt the UK also looks set for a period of both high interest rates and a soaring cost of living. As a result the Bank has a difficult judgement call to make given the current precarious nature of Britain's growth outlook, with GDP already slumping to 0.1 percent growth.   DON'T MISS: German economic outlook darkens amid soaring inflation [ANALYSIS] US facing recession as inflation surges to 8.5 percent [SPOTLIGHT] Russia faces default verdict at key meeting today [LATEST] Ed Monk, associate director at Fidelity International, warned: "The Bank of England has so far been steadfast in its plan to raise rates to head off price rises but it must now also contend with growth that appears to be slowing. "The spectre of stagflation stalks the UK economy.” Although markets appear to be pricing in significant increases by 2023 the Bank could potentially be more cautious after May, particularly if the conflict in Ukraine drags on further and the economic fallout becomes more apparent. Mr Antonucci said: “While the economy has so far been resilient, one risk is that the supply disruptions could negatively affect economic activity. "In this case, tightening monetary policy would not really help. "So, while markets expect a significant amount of extra tightening, we suspect that, after the next hike or two, the Bank may perhaps pause and reassess the outlook.” 