The US and EU are set to impose fresh sanctions on Russia after the atrocities committed in Bucha. Gruesome pictures and videos are emerging from the Kyiv suburb, with latest satellite images showing some of the dead had been lying on the street for more than three weeks. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky gave a speech to the UN Security Council on Tuesday, in which he accused Russia of carrying out the worst crimes since World War 2. He listed a catalogue of horrors including throats being slashed, women raped in front of their children, and tanks running over civilians “for pleasure”. The harrowing images have sparked worldwide condemnation, including from India, which has so far abstained from UN votes condemning Putin’s invasion. Mr Zelensky, however, said after personally visiting Bucha that peace talks with Moscow would continue, because his country “must have peace”. Yet, Europe is “split” on the direction in which these talks should go, journalist Mutaz Ahmed told a podcast. READ MORE: Over 300 dogs found starved to death in Ukrainian shelter Speaking on The Telegraph’s ‘Ukraine: The Latest’ podcast, he said: “I was intrigued by a couple of statements that came from Zelensky [on Sunday]. “There’s been a very soft, subtle split in Europe on negotiations. “The UK has, I wouldn’t say urged Ukraine to take a tough line, but the UK has not pushed as hard as Germany and France for a negotiated settlement with Putin. “And it was interesting [on Sunday] that Zelensky urged the leaders of Germany and France, so Scholz and Macron, to go to Bucha and to see the war crimes that were committed. “And when it came to Boris Johnson, he thanked Boris Johnson for his historic leadership.” Mr Ahmed added that Mr Zelensky’s words “suggest something about where his mind is at when it comes to these negotiations”. Peace talks between Kyiv and Moscow in Istanbul last week failed to reach a settlement, but both sides are reported to have made concessions. David Arakhamia, one of the Ukrainian officials tasked with negotiating with his Russian counterparts, said on Ukrainian television on Saturday that Moscow had verbally agreed to all but one of their demands. DON'T MISS:Car crashes into Russian Embassy and bursts into flames - VIDEO [WATCH]Putin's forces slammed as 'animals' for atrocities in Ukraine [LATEST]Keir Starmer in brutal Putin slapdown 'You will be hunted down' [QUOTES] He said: “The Russian Federation has given an official answer to all of our proposals, which is that they accept the (Ukrainian) position, except for the issue of Crimea.” Mr Arakhamia and his colleagues had agreed to give up Ukraine’s ambition to join NATO, but sought security guarantees from other countries as a concession to doing so. They had also proposed a 15-year timeframe to discuss the legal status of Crimea, which has been occupied by Russia since 2014. Mr Arakhamia said that any possible meeting between Mr Zelensky and Putin would “with a high probability” take place in Turkey. Mr Zelensky has frequently called for face-to-face talks with the Russian President since the invasion six weeks ago. Dominic Nicholls, The Telegraph’s defence and security editor, suggested any face-to-face meeting is unlikely. He said: “The leaders are not going to meet, unless it’s via video link, how’s it going to happen? Putin would not risk leaving the country, I’d be very, very surprised if he did that. “It would be a very high bar for some other state or third party to try to take action against him were he to leave Russia, but it’s not out of the question.” He added: “And for Mr Zelensky to go into Russia for face-to-face negotiations is almost unthinkable.” NATO foreign ministers will gather in Brussels later today to discuss how to best support Ukraine in the next phase of the conflict, as Russia reevaluates its own military operation. After failing to seize Kyiv and Chernihiv, Putin’s troops have withdrawn from northern regions of Ukraine and will instead focus on the south and east of the country. Jens Stoltenberg, NATO’s secretary general, said the military alliance expects Russian forces to attempt to capture the “entire” Donbas region. Capturing the region, he said, would help create a land corridor from Russia to Crimea. Mr Stoltenberg added that no NATO troops or planes would be sent into Ukraine, a position that has been maintained since the very beginning.