American billionaire Ken Griffin has made a promise to Chelsea fans that he will help build 'the most competitive team possible' if the Ricketts family consortium successfully buys the club.  Current owner Roman Abramovich had sanctions placed upon him after a UK Government statement stated that he had close links to Vladimir Putin amidst the Russian-Ukraine conflict. Abramovich's 19-year tenure at the Blues therefore is set to come to an end, although it remains to be seen who will take over. Griffin, who is reportedly worth over £20billion, was in London with his siblings last week in talks, alongside Cleveland Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert as the group forms a consortium. An aggregate capital of £50bn would take control of the Stamford Bridge outfit if a takeover was to come to fruition. And Griffin displayed his delight at the bid forming ahead of potential move. “I am thrilled to come together with my long-time friends and partners, the Ricketts Family and Dan Gilbert, who have built legendary championship teams," Griffin said. JUST IN: Man Utd 'have approached Everton for Richarlison' but face competition  “All of us love to compete and, even more, we love to win. Our group will work closely together to put the most competitive team on the pitch every year. If selected, we will validate the trust placed in us to continue Chelsea’s winning tradition while delivering a terrific game-day experience for the fans.” And Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert also shared his delight at a consortium being put together. Gilbert added: “We are excited to join the Ricketts Family and Ken Griffin for their bid to acquire Chelsea, one of the most admired football clubs and professional sports teams in the world. “We have great respect and deep admiration for the long and winning tradition of Chelsea and their millions of fans across the world. Rock Entertainment Group will approach the bid for Chelsea with the same philosophy as we operate our other professional sports teams. DON'T MISSTottenham boss Antonio Conte hints at transfer plans involving Harry Kane[QUOTES]Erik ten Hag 'wants to take trusted Ajax coach with him to Man Utd' after Rangnick warning [REPORT]Arsenal signing Hazard could force Arteta to fast-track plan and save millions[OPINION] "An open mind and a listening ear to the fanbase, ample investment and an unwavering commitment to both winning on the pitch and serving the community.” Chelsea currently sit third after their superb win against Southampton on Saturday. The Blues are on 62 points, eight ahead of Tottenham. Thomas Tuchel's men face Real Madrid on Tuesday in a bid to keep their Champions League hopes alive. 