 The French President Emmanuel Macron and Ms Le Pen will go head-to-head in the final run-offs on April 24 in what is expected to be a very tight race for the presidency. On Sunday night the results of the first round of voting concluded that centrist candidate Mr Macron received 27.9 percent of the votes in his fight for a second term, while Ms Le Pen won 23.2 percent.   Both candidates will now be fighting for the supporters of hard-left politician Jean-Luc Melenchon who came in behind Ms Le Pen with 22 percent of the votes. Mr Melenchon told his voters to not give votes to Ms Le Pen, but did not specifically back Mr Macron. Speaking to Dan Wootton on GB News on Tuesday, Nigel Farage discussed the capabilities of the far-right candidate. He said: “What Marine is good at is she’s good at speaking about the concerns of ordinary French people, about the massive demographic transformation that is taking place in France, about the fact that there are the suburbs of Paris and Marseille and elsewhere that are now unrecognisable.”   However, he added: “Her weak point was economics; her economics are actually quite hard left. “To me, a statist who thinks people should all retire at 60, I don’t think it works in the medium to long term economically, but it might be appealing to the French people.” Mr Farage warned the European Union that Ms Le Pen would be bad news for the bloc if she wins the runoff at the end of the month. The National Rally party leader has a mixed stance on the EU, as her party recently dropped the proposal to leave the Union but remains Eurosceptic. READ MORE: Cornwall and Devon holiday chaos as hospitality ‘on its knees’  Ms Le Pen plans to lower Frances’ contributions to the EU and endorse an alliance with other nations such as Poland and Hungary that have leaders with similar views. Mr Farage added: “She would be a nightmare for Brussels. It was once said that Nigel Farage is Brussels' worst nightmare because he wants to leave the EU. “Marine Le Pen could be Brussels’ worst nightmare because she now wants to stay. She wants to stay and disobey all the rules.” Other proposals that have come from Ms Le Pen’s camp oppose freedom of movement principles from the EU and include reintroducing checks on imports in France and increasing border staff. DON'T MISS: POLL: Should Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak resign? (POLL)Electric car owner fined £100 after charging his vehicle in car park (INSIGHT)Russian karting champion breaks silence amid probe into 'Nazi salute' (COMMENT)  Mr Farage concluded: “Ultimately, this is the globalist Macron against the Eurosceptic, patriotic, nationalist Marine Le Pen and at the end of the day that is the choice the French people face. “Right at the moment, if I were a betting man, I would say Macron will win this by 4 or 5 points.” Mr Macron warned his supporters that nothing has been decided yet and that “the fortnight to come is decisive for our country and for Europe”. 