Cristiano Ronaldo could be left to survey his transfer options this summer as he edges towards the Manchester United exit door. Despite his healthy goals return, the Portuguese veteran has done little else to convince incoming boss Erik ten Hag that he is worth the extortionate wages and solitary spot through the middle next season. Failure to finish in the top four, which certainly seems likely, could be the final nail in the coffin. Express Sport looks at four clubs who could welcome the five-time Ballon d'Or winner before next season: For a team that loves superstars, they don't come much bigger than Ronaldo. The chance to see him and Lionel Messi, arguably the two greatest players of all time, featuring in the same side could be too tempting for the Parisians to pass up on despite the eye-watering wages at stake and the possibility of friction between the Ballon d'Or rivals. Kylian Mbappe is believed to be on his way out of the Parc des Princes with Real Madrid ready to finally act decisively on their long-running interest. That could leave a vacancy that only few could fill, and despite being 37-years-old, Ronaldo remains one of them. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag urged to sign 'next Ruud van Nistelrooy' when he joins Man Utd - EXCLUSIVE  At the other end of the next move spectrum would be a sentimental return to Sporting Lisbon. Ronaldo joined the club as a 12-year-old and saw his first senior action in green and white, before he was snapped up by Man Utd in 2003. Trailing six points behind Porto, it looks like Sporting will miss out on domestic glory this season but Ronaldo could be the man to fire them to another title next time around. The senior goal-scorer would have to take a sizeable pay cut and drop out of Europe's 'big five' leagues, but it would certainly represent a wholesome way to close out the show. DON'T MISS...Arsenal's new-look XI if Gabriel to Barcelona swap deal helps solve striker issueErik ten Hag planning Man Utd backroom staff team 'with three on shortlist'Villarreal ace Capoue rubs sult in Bayern boss Nagelsmann's wounds Los Blancos could see two high-profile exits this summer with Gareth Bale out of contract and Eden Hazard still failing to convince, which would leave a space in attack for Ronaldo. The forward and manager Carlo Ancelotti spent two seasons together during the Italian's first stint in charge, when Ronaldo was arguably at the peak of his goal-scoring powers. The Red Devils megastar already holds virtually every record that there is to hold at the Bernabeu so there is not much more that can be achieved. But they could at least provide a ticket back into the Champions League and a hearty embrace from the fans who will always remember his jaw-dropping nine-season spell at the club between 2009 and 2018. Ronaldo was not shy in talking up Major League Soccer back in 2016, when he claimed the division was 'getting better and better'. Inter Miami, partly owned by David Beckham, could be the most likely destination for numerous reasons. A taste of the Florida high life would hardly be a bad way to end one's career, Beckham carries the Man Utd connection and Ronaldo could cap off a squad growing in star-studded names alongside former Madrid team-mate Gonzalo Higuain and World Cup winner Blaise Matuidi.