Designing a bedroom can be hard, with lots of colours to choose from and a plethora of furniture options. According to experts, too much colour can make it hard to fall asleep, while too little and the space lacks character. Mattressman has partnered with MyJobQuote’s interior design expert Kane Hughes to share how to design a bedroom to maximise sleep quality. Kane told Express.co.uk: “Harsh colours can make it difficult for you to fall asleep. “By distracting you from relaxation, strong primary colours are known to have a severe impact on the ability to relax. “To counteract this, designers should consider using softer colour palettes with warm tones throughout the bedroom. Beige, whites and browns are fairly soft on the eyes, allowing us to drift off easily.” Kane also recommended introducing plants into the bedroom, as they can add greenery as well as provide several health benefits. READ MORE: ‘Now it’s like new’: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean car seats Houseplants can boost mood as well as purify the air. The expert added: “This is why having houseplants in your bedroom can really help aid a good night’s sleep. “Some plants will be known more than others as sleep aiders, lavender for example. “Lavender has a unique smell, and the smell is a great aid for relaxation. Other plants to incorporate into your bedroom include jasmine, which has a smell that helps with decreasing anxiety, according to studies, and the snake pant, which is a natural air purifier and emits oxygen at night, again helping with your snoozing. DON'T MISS:‘Perfect time’ to eradicate moss from lawns - how to ‘kill it’ [EXPLAINER]Property for sale? Noisy neighbours could reduce house price by £23k [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows - ‘great’ [COMMENT] “Just make sure these plants are being looked after.” To help create a cosy and relaxing bedroom, lighting choices are really important. Warm tones and colours are less harsh, helping to create a relaxing environment. The interior design expert continued: “Recent research has shown that red light in particular might help stimulate sleep, as well as a 2017 study that suggests your personal preference of colour will relax you the most. “So, the best case scenario is if your favourite colour is red. A nice way to incorporate this into your bedroom could be a mood light on your bedside table, or an LED strip behind your headboard for an atmospheric glow.” According to the expert, having a messy bedroom could lower the quality of sleep. This is because it can raise cortisol levels due to stress. Kane recommended having an organisation system in place which will help homeowners to do a quick tidy at the end of each day if it is not possible to keep it tidy throughout. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He added: “Without tidying and cleaning, your room will collect dust and dirt and could make you unwell, but dirty bedding also just isn’t as comfortable as clean ones. “Nothing makes a good night’s sleep quite like that fresh bedsheet feeling right? “It might seem obvious, but also don’t underestimate the importance of blackout curtains. “They help you keep control over the amount of sunlight in your bedroom, particularly in the summer months when it stays light outside until late.” Another great benefit is that they help to block the heat during the warmer months. Kane added: “Having a stable body temperature will keep you relaxed, and therefore get to sleep much quicker.”