Jay Blades is best known for presenting The Repair Shop which sees experts restore family heirlooms belonging to guests. But earlier this year, his fans witnessed another side to Jay when they watched a moving documentary about him learning to read in his fifties. The documentary received high praise and earlier this week Jay hinted something "unbelievable" could be around the corner. The dad-of-one left secondary school with no qualifications and nothing to his name other than his reputation as a great fighter. Jay went on to secure a place studying criminology at Buckinghamshire New University, but he only had the reading age of an 11-year-old child. The presenter was diagnosed with dyslexia at the age of 31 during his time at university but waited until he was in his fifties before he got the help he needed after struggling with literacy for decades. Jay's reading journey was documented over the space of six months where he opened up on his challenging past as well as how he was able to present The Repair Shop without reading from a script.  READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? By the end of the programme, viewers were left in tears following a particularly moving scene which saw Jay read a book to his 15-year-old daughter Zola for the first time. Jay was invited to the Royal Television Society Awards where he spoke to Express.co.uk about how viewers have responded to the documentary. He explained: "It’s unbelievable to see people’s reactions, one of the things I did it for was to influence people I am never going to meet. "And there are eight million people who are suffering from reading [difficulties] like myself and if they have a partner that is 16 million people who I am helping."  When asked what he has planned for the future, Jay teased: "There’s more stuff to come, wait until you see what’s coming - it’s unbelievable." However, fans of the inspirational Repair Shop star will have to wait for more details on his next project. According to the Literacy Trust, a total of 7.1 million adults in England have very poor literacy skills. Research also suggests a quarter of children in England leave primary school unable to read to the expected level.  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street star Maureen Lipman takes aim at The Repair Shop [LATEST]Why is The Repair Shop not on tonight? [EXPLAINER]Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role [INSIGHT] Jay improved his literacy skills using a system developed for use in prisons by the Shannon Trust. Throughout the documentary, the London-born presenter revisited key moments in his life which were shaped by not being able to read. He also met with school pupils and adults who struggled with their reading and writing and discovered the reasons why they had difficulties too. Following the release of the documentary, Jay took to Twitter to express his gratitude to viewers in a video.  He said: "Thank you from the bottom of my heart. All of the comments that I've received with regards to the documentary have been unbelievable. "I'll tell you what, I'm a little overwhelmed. You guys have been so kind." He continued: "I know the documentary has potentially touched 80 million people in this country who are affected by dyslexia or unable to read that well." Jay Blades: Learning to Read at 51 is available on BBC iPlayer. 