Players could stand to win an unbelievable £133m during tonight’s EuroMillions draw if they can step forward with the winning ticket. All will be revealed later at 8.45pm. So, do you have the winning entry? Draws for the EuroMillions are made every Tuesday and Friday. Players have until 7.30pm on the day of the draw to buy their ticket and enter the jackpot. The National Lottery website sells tickets at £2.50 each for UK residents, who can also purchase them from a number of venues, such as post offices and supermarkets.  READ MORE: Fury over 'dreadful' price difference for items with Tesco Clubcard On non-draw days, players can buy tickets for the EuroMillions between 6am and 11pm. Five main draw numbers and two lucky stars are all that’s needed to walk away with the money. Players can opt to either choose their regular numbers or take a chance on the EuroMillions Lucky Dip. Just five numbers and one lucky star will be enough to claim £130,554.30, while five main draw numbers alone are worth £13,561.20.  You can play up to seven lines of numbers and buy no more than 10 slips at a time. So have you won? Read on for tonight's EuroMillions winning numbers. Express.co.uk will update you with the winning numbers as soon as the draw has been made later tonight.  DON'T MISS: Have your say: Should UK rip up deal over EU impasse? Who's to blame? [POLL]Royal Family: Harry and Meghan 'stunned' by 'shut door'  [INSIGHT]Ghost of Kyiv hero of Ukraine war dies in battle [NEWS] To play along in the UK you must be aged at least 18 or over to play. Should nobody find a winning ticket, then the total sum will roll over to the next draw, and so on until a winner is found. Currently, the EuroMillions jackpot cap is set at 230m euros, after it was increased last October. Originally, the EuroMillions was launched on February 7, 2004, by France's Française des Jeux, Spain's Loterías y Apuestas del Estado and the United Kingdom's Camelot.  A transnational lottery, it requires seven correct numbers to win the jackpot. On its official website, the EuroMillions describes itself as the “game with jackpots so enormous you can probably see them from space”. The largest UK EuroMillions jackpot ever won was recorded in 2019 by an anonymous ticket holder. While in October last year a record jackpot of £184m was won by a French ticket holder. The odds of a person winning the jackpot are estimated to be a one in 140 million chance. 