Individuals who are approaching retirement will have the matter at the forefront of their mind. Many are coming close to actualising the plans they may have developed over a number of years. However, it is important to ensure one is on track to achieve their financial goals - namely the retirement they had hoped for. At this point, it will be important for Britons to both protect and boost their pension income. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Karen Barrett, CEO and founder of Unbiased, who shed more light on the matter. She said: “As a guide, if you’re less than 15 years away from retirement, it’s a good idea to start moving some of your pension. READ MORE: State pension is ‘valuable’ - Britons urged to ‘make the most’ of it “You could move some of your pension investments from funds that invest primarily in shares to ones that invest in bonds and cash. “Many personal, stakeholder and workplace defined contribution pension plans offer a ‘lifestyle fund’. “This automatically shifts the balance of your investments towards less risky investments as you get closer to retirement.” However, not all Britons will have this set-up established when it comes to their pension. DON'T MISSState pension: When you were born may dictate what you could get [INSIGHT]Council tax: Households may have to wait six months for £150 rebate [ANALYSIS]State pension age could be decided by ‘postcodes’ - ‘nightmare!' [LATEST] Some individuals could be in alternative arrangements which require a different approach. Ms Barrett continued: “If your pension isn’t in a lifestyle or target-date fund you can reduce the risk yourself. “You can do this by switching your pension from riskier funds to ones that have a lower risk. “You might be able to do this easily online on your pension provider’s website. “Although you should check if there’s a switching fee and what the charges on the new funds will be.” The options for pension saving can often be extremely varied. There are different options depending on a person’s circumstances and their plans for retirement. Ms Barrett concluded: “Even if you’re confident selecting the most suitable funds, it’s always worth speaking to a financial adviser. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “This will make sure you are maximising your pension pot in time for retirement.” In addition, the Government also offers the service Pension Wise. The service provides free and impartial pensions guidance about retirement options to over 55s. Individuals will be able to book their free appointment online should they need further guidance on the matter.