Mrs Hinch has become a household name, after posting nifty tips and tricks for cleaning on social media. She has inspired an army of fans who set up Facebook group Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips, which provides hacks for making chores easier. Laura Kirby took to the group: "I’m after a new hoover that keeps its suction. "I’ve tried three different cordless vacuums now that all seemed decent initially but lost suction and clog easy after a time. "I’d like to go back to traditional corded as I feel like they are better." She asked her fellow Mrs Hinch fans: "Any recommendations? I have both carpet and hard floors, kids and pets, so it needs to be good. Thanks in advance." READ MORE: Hereford: The £1m property, the doer-upper & average home Cleaning enthusiasts came to her rescue in their hundreds. Julie Remmer stated: "The only way to keep a good vacuum working well is to empty it every time you use it and strip it down completely every month." She also recommended "giving it a thorough wash in warm water" and when drying the filter, pouring a little Zoflora on it for "great" smells. Tracey Marsh offered: "We're on our second Vax Pet Corded - the suction is incredible." The only downside is that "it's so good you can't do small rugs or vinyl flooring with it as it tries to suck it up". She concluded: "Great on all thickness carpets, laminate and tiles though." Melissa Vassallo, a cleaner of 19 years, shared some expert advice: "I hate all cordless hoovers - they all block up so easily. "I’ve given up and bought a corded Dyson for at home." She added emphatically: "I would NEVER EVER buy a Shark Vacuum, not even the corded." Another cleaning enthusiast, EJ Carroll, also stays away from the Shark variety, stating: "They are not good! Mine isn’t a year old and is unusable. "Taking it up with my warranty is also a hassle I could do without." Nicola Barker agreed: "I would never have another Shark either - rubbish." Trish Wright took an opposing view: "Each to his own. I hate Dysons. I love my Shark, but also love Kirbys." Cleaner Rachel Morgan offered the following advice: "I'm a cleaner, cordless hoovers in my opinion are rubbish. "l have a Sebo - it's brilliant." She concluded: "I've had it for more than 16 years and I've never had anything go wrong with it." Margaret Gould boasted a popular opinion: "Meile has great vacs and excellent suction; I've had mine for five years and still the suction is great."