The Range Rover Velar HST follows in the wake of HST versions of the Range Rover Sport and Evoque models. A combination of design enhancements and chassis features are based on the existing R-Dynamic design. It also features a Black contrast roof and full exterior Black Pack. Available in the full colour palette and exclusively in new Arroios Grey, privacy glass and Gloss Black 21-inch 5 split-spoke alloy wheels complete the exterior. The dynamic theme continues inside, with Black Suedecloth headlining and steering wheel. A sliding panoramic roof ensures a light and airy cabin, while a combination of chassis technologies aim to deliver the perfect balance of ride comfort and handling. The new HST features Electronic Air Suspension with Adaptive Dynamics for optimum comfort and control, with Adaptive Dynamics constantly monitoring the road conditions and adjusting the suspension responses accordingly. READ MORE: French driving laws could land motorists with fines up to £3,000 Configurable Dynamics also ensures drivers can tailor the driving experience to suit their preferences. In keeping with the dynamic theme, the HST is available with a choice of six-cylinder Ingenium engines. Customers can choose from the P400 (400PS) and D300 (300PS) Mild Hybrid Electric Vehicle (MHEV) petrol and diesel powertrains for effortless performance and refinement. The Range Rover Velar has claimed a succession of international awards, including the World Car Design of the Year title at the 2018 World Car Awards. DON'T MISSSpanish driving laws could see holidaymakers fined up to £2,500 [WARNING]Drivers could be fined thousands if they don’t tell DVLA about changes [REVEAL] Fuel shortages to blame for ‘widespread disruption’ across the UK [INSIGHT] A sliding panoramic roof ensures a light and airy cabin, while a combination of chassis technologies aim to deliver the perfect balance of ride comfort and handling. The new HST features Electronic Air Suspension with Adaptive Dynamics for optimum comfort and control, with Adaptive Dynamics constantly monitoring the road conditions and adjusting the suspension responses accordingly. Configurable Dynamics also ensures drivers are able to tailor the driving experience to suit their preferences. In keeping with the dynamic theme, the HST is available with a choice of six-cylinder Ingenium engines. Finbar McFall, Land Rover brand director, said: “The new Range Rover Velar HST offers a combination of carefully curated design enhancements and chassis features; to add to its breadth of capability, without compromising its trademark refinement and comfort.” In addition to the HST model, the Range Rover Velar Edition has been reintroduced to the line-up. Based on the R-Dynamic SE, this special edition is now available with the full Velar paint palette and features a black contrast roof complemented by Black Pack exterior detailing and 20-inch Gloss Black alloy wheels. A sliding panoramic roof and privacy glass complete the enhancements. Amazon Alexa is now available on the Velar when fitted with the advanced Pivi Pro infotainment system, bringing the familiar Alexa experience and providing natural voice interaction with Pivi Pro’s navigation and entertainment features. Alexa can be used to set destinations or find points of interest en route, stream media, make lists and set reminders, make calls and control a smart home. The Velar also features the latest Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) technologies, including Adaptive Cruise Control with Steering Assist. This intelligent technology is available as part of the Driver Assist Pack and makes automatic steering adjustments to keep the vehicle in the centre of the lane it is travelling in. Customers can choose from the P400 (400PS) and D300 (300PS) Mild Hybrid Electric Vehicle (MHEV) petrol and diesel powertrains for effortless performance and refinement. The Range Rover Velar has claimed a succession of international awards, including the World Car Design of the Year title at the 2018 World Car Awards.