Even though the UK has a long history of building beautiful homes, there are pros and cons to buying older houses as well as newer homes. Express.co.uk has consulted the experts on what you need to consider when looking at new and old homes. A recent survey by whathouse.com suggested those in the market for a new home are favouring new build properties over older properties. The survey of over 500 house hunters found 67 percent have their heart set on a new build property. With more time spent at home than ever given the cultural and working changes brought on by the coronavirus pandemic, purchasers have new priorities in mind when shopping for a house. Whathouse.com found buyers place energy efficiency and lower running costs at top of their criteria, closely followed by a dedicated home office and access to green space. Daniel Hill, Managing Director, whathouse.com, said: “The way we use our homes has changed so much during the pandemic. “The results of the whathouse.com New Home Buyer Survey show that we’ve entered a new era of lifestyle-savvy home buying. “With more time now spent at home, whether working from home or entertaining, and with energy bills only set to rise further, it’s never been more important for homebuyers to weigh up the pros and cons of new vs old.” READ MORE: Sarah Beeny: How to increase value of home to sell - make 5 changes Ross Counsell, chartered surveyor and director at GoodMove, said buyers want a more energy-efficient house, and want to add more personal touches to their homes. He told Express.co.uk: “The obvious benefit of buying a new build is its fresh and modern feel, designed with all the latest features. “Similarly, a new home means a blank canvas for you to express your own personality and imprint your character throughout the property via your layout and design choices. “New homes are developed with an eye on efficiency too, with well-insulated walls and double glazing often the norm. “These features allow you to heat your home more quickly, and make saving on household bills that little bit easier.” “A major hesitancy for many buyers is the prospect of entering a long and tiring property chain. “However, buying a new build ensures you can move straight into the property. “New homes generally come with a decade-long building warranty assurance, which covers structural integrity and quality of building work. Before you commit, however, make sure you’re fully aware of the terms and some elements might expire before the 10-year mark.” Mr Counsell explained that despite the lack of chain often meaning a quick sale, new build homes can still be subject to long delays - something that has been an issue recently with the lack of available materials due to global supply chain issues. He explained: “If you’re buying a home before it’s been fully built, you may have to accept potential delays or development difficulties that push the move-in date back.” However, Mr Counsell said new homes can actually come at more of a cost, especially if you’re looking to add those personal touches before you even move in. He continued: “Similarly, you won’t be able to fully experience or see the finished product until you actually move in. “You’ll likely be offered the opportunity to explore a show home, but it’s not yours! “Built with modern specifications in mind, new builds are generally more expensive than their older counterparts, so expect a bigger hit to your budget.” DON'T MISSWill house prices drop? Damning growth warnings issued after 2021 boom [REPORT]Cost of living crisis: The 4 best options for first time buyers [ANALYSIS]Why April is the month you should secure your dream home [INSIGHT] Mr Counsell explained that an older home is much more than just original features and charm. He told Express.co.uk: “With a period property, whether you’re looking for original features, such as rustic exposed beaming or tall and impressive windows, or you’re after that priceless charm that only comes with time, old properties are renowned for offering charismatic personality. “Grand-scale housing developments haven’t always been common, and older homes were generally built with more land attached to them. “As such, traditional properties often come with more spacious rooms and bigger gardens to enjoy. “This is especially helpful if you’re hunting for a home fit for the family. Old houses are usually built with nice, thick walls that offer a sturdy structure designed for resilience against the elements. “Traditional homes have stood the test of time, and continue to hold up against weathering and wear and tear.” But the current cost of living crisis gripping the UK means that unless you have thousands to hand to make insulation improvements, a period property could rack up huge bills over time. Mr Counsell explained: “However, despite old houses generally being built with thicker walls, their structure can lead to drafts becoming commonplace. “This makes insulating your home a little trickier, with each room taking longer to warm up. “And while an old build’s external and structural resilience is a favourable factor, you should expect internal wear and tear or general signs of tiredness. “From dated interiors and layouts to neglected features, damp, and leaks, you might be required to give an old home a little TLC to get it up to scratch. “When managing an older home, difficulty may arise when the time comes for renovation or repair; some vintage and traditional features or methods may not be commonly used today, so you might have to enlist the help of a specialist at a premium.”