  Regan Gascoigne, 26, who is the son of legendary footballer Paul Gascoigne, has admitted he “misses” Dancing on Ice since he won the ITV show last month. One week ago, the celeb posted a heartfelt message to Instagram, remembering his time on the ice with skating partner Karina Manta.       Paul, 54, was a celebrated attacking midfielder who played for Tottenham Hotspur, Middlesbrough, Rangers and the England national squad. The star went on to have three children: oldest son Mason, who was born in 1989, glamour model daughter Bianca, 35, and dancer Regan. Regan recently made headlines after he won ITV’s Dancing on Ice last month, and has since revealed he is suffering withdrawal in the wake of his big victory. The star beat out former Strictly Come Dancing professional Brendan Cole and Pussycat Doll Kimberly Wyatt to the top spot. READ MORE: Simon Cowell, 62, unrecognisable at Kids Choice Awards     Taking to Instagram last week, the dancer shared a video of himself and partner Karina skating in view of his 34,400 followers. He captioned the clip: “I’ve been waiting to Post our Bolero x today feels the right day! “The Fact we made it all the way to the Bolero meant so much! X “Thank you so much for making this moment, I never thought it would happen, Happen! X (sic).      “Just got back home from showing @karinamanta around London! “We walked for hours and it made me realise how badly I miss skating with you on @dancingonice!!!” he added with a sad emoji. “Wish you lived in the UK! I carry on touching & staring at the trophy on my shelf thinking how is this even real? “But we actually WON this! It's not something I bought and paid to stick my name on haha it’s actually the real bl***y trophyyy from @dancingonice Crazy! Xx” (sic) READ MORE... Piers Morgan unleashes scathing attack on 'fascist' left-wing [LATEST] Johnny Depp's sister says Amber Heard called him 'old, fat man' [UPDATE] Dan Walker admits 'upsetting' Sally Nugent amid replacement update [NEWS]      Responding to the sweet message, Karina wrote: “Aw this made me so emotional. “We made so many great memories these last few months! “I’ll probably be back to the UK again before too long!” Regan and Karina wowed judges in the final with their showcase skate to Mary Poppins skate to Step In Time and impressed with their take on Torvill and Dean’s Bolero skate.      In other posts a couple of weeks earlier, Regan told his co-stars he “wished the experience would never have to end”. One post on March 30 read: “Missing you already! Thank you for making the experience so special! X Wish we could carry on skating @karinamanta.” A day later he shared a photo with his fellow finalists, adding: “Missing this whole experience already! Wish it never had to end!” As a promising performer, Regan has proved there is no end to the Gascoigne family’s talents, with dad Paul already being described by the National Football Museum as “widely recognised as the most naturally talented English footballer of his generation”.   