F1 fans have been reminded of a pledge Nico Rosberg made several years ago, when he revealed only a new race on the calendar in Las Vegas would be enough to tempt him out of retirement. The former world champion quit the sport in 2016 after pipping Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton to the crown after an exhausting season. The battle between Hamilton and Rosberg six years ago proved a tempestuous won, with ill-feeling from the previous two seasons spilling over. A surprise was soon to come though, with the German suddenly retiring just five days after sealing his championship win in Abu Dhabi, aged 31. The pair have since patched up their differences and Rosberg has remained active within motorsport, working as a pundit for Sky Sports F1. He's also established Rosberg X Racing, with the team winning the inaugural Extreme E constructors' title in 2021. Despite the likes of Michael Schumacher and Fernando Alonso famously making comebacks though, Rosberg, now 36, has resisted the urge to race again at the top level himself. However, he has previously hinted that one thing could change that, after being asked in a question and answer session on Twitter: "What old track do you want to return to F1 Race calendar?" JUST IN: Mick Schumacher backs Max Verstappen as he plots to copy Red Bull star "Las Vegas!!!!!!," was the reply. "I will have to make a comeback if they put that race on the calendar." Some three-and-a-half years after that exchange, Rosberg has the chance to fulfil his pledge. Last week, it was announced that 'Sin City' will be hosting a night F1 race from 2023, in what CEO Stefano Domenicali described as an "incredible" moment for F1. It will be the third American race on the schedule, alongside Grand Prix events in Miami and Austin. DON'T MISS:Mick Schumacher backs Max Verstappen as he plots to copy Red Bull starLewis Hamilton's hopes of Australian Grand Prix win rubbished by Mercedes boss Toto WolffMercedes' George Russell has grim Australian GP prediction for himself and Lewis Hamilton Rosberg's post has now resurfaced thanks to dotesports writer Pablo Suarez, who retweeted it with the line: "2023 is going to be tough for Lewis Hamilton." Indeed, the seven-time world champion currently has enough on his plate without having to deal with a renewed rivalry with his former partner. Despite managing a third-placed finish in the opening race in Bahrain, Hamilton suffered a shock exit from Q1 in Saudi Arabia. From 15th on the grid, he eventually finished 10th.