The DVLA has been working to cut down on the prevalence of drivers avoiding paying the tax on their vehicle with its “tax it, don’t risk it” campaign. The Government agency has been targeting the areas across the UK where some of the highest numbers of enforcement actions took place, including fines, penalties and clamping. In 2021, London had almost 100,000 total enforcement actions, with Birmingham coming in a distant second with 52,000 actions and Manchester in third with nearly 29,000 incidents. Paul Davies, DVLA’s National Wheelclamping & ANPR Manager, said the risk of having a vehicle towed was not worth it. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “Well it's quite peculiar to see a motorhome. “It's not something we often see, but when the wheel clampers did spot it, we did the necessary checks and it was clamped. READ MORE: Driver who queued for 17 minutes to pay for parking gets fined £270 “Whoever owns that vehicle didn't pay the lease fee, so it was due to come into the vehicle pound. “It’s one of the stranger ones. We normally get a range of vehicles. “We’ll have the high end vehicles like the Range Rovers and the BMWs, ones that you would expect to be taxed. “Then you've got the older ones that are falling apart or have got damaged and people likely just abandoned the vehicle and are happy to see it go.” DON'T MISSGB News guest claims electric car 'broke after a few months' [SHOCKING]Motorists risk £1,000 fine for asking for spare change at car park [WARNING]'Is this fair?' Motorists call on classic cars and EVs to pay car tax [DEBATE] He added that it can cost far more for a driver to retrieve their vehicle after it has been clamped or towed than it would be to tax the vehicle. From March 2020, the annual vehicle excise duty (VED) for new motorhomes and campervans was set at a flat rate of £265, which rose to £270 from April 1, 2020. These chargers may be seen as a relief to some drivers in the UK, as it meant a move away from the European Union regulation 2018/1832. This would have required all motorhomes, campervans and light commercial vehicles to be taxed based on their emissions output. If this had continued, VED rates for new motorhomes and campervans would have risen from £265 per year to £2,135 - a shocking 700 percent increase. Paul Davies added: “It's quite a range of vehicles we spot on the roads. “I think they’ll be a small minority, although the second hand car market is booming at the moment and you would expect them to be able to move the vehicles on. “Once it is clamped and taken into the pound, it is very expensive to get it out. “A few weeks ago, two people came to retrieve their vehicles and paid £400 or £500 to get it out. “They could have taxed it for about £150 to £200 so it's bizarre.” Prices will vary for how much it costs to retrieve a vehicle that has been impounded, with the Metropolitan Police stating most cars and light vans come with a £150 removal charge and £20 per day storage cost. Other impounds have different prices, which depend on the size of the vehicle, how long it has been left there and the condition of the vehicle. They will then need to tax the vehicle again to make it road legal which add hundreds of pounds to the mounting costs.