Kate Middleton is famed for doing her own makeup - even on her wedding day. Over the years, the Duchess of Cambridge has mastered the ‘minimal makeup’ look, with a glowing complexion, simple smokey eyes and a sweep of pink blusher. While it is easy to plan what makeup she will wear for a public engagement, according to a Laura Kay, a makeup artist and beauty expert from Laura Kay London, the royal has a “strategy” for when she is on tour and changing her outfit several times a day. Speaking about Kate’s choice of outfits and makeup, Laura said: “On the Caribbean Royal tour, Kate mainly wore new outfits, which is unusual for her as she often recycles pieces for public events. “From her 16 outfit changes, Kate had many stand out moments from casual tropical looks, bright block colours to glamorous gowns. “Kate likes to impress and she always looks radiant and polished with a timeless feel from her choice of clothing, hair style and make-up.” READ MORE: 'Wow' Camilla rocks 'gorgeous' blue and white ensemble and Chanel bag The expert explained: “She usually prefers a smooth blow dry or a bouncy curl but her hair on the tour was widely different to what we are used to seeing. “Because of the humidity, Kate opted for hairstyles that stayed off her face. “This tactic helps to prevent any transfer of make up and helps keep her hair in position. “In the daytimes, both Kate’s hair and make up choices made it easy to transition to night time glamour as she was able to ‘glam up’ without much effort.” DON'T MISS...Gregg Wallace lost 4st by eating three ‘hearty meals’ a day [CELEB DIET]Easter travel chaos latest: Queues form at St. Pancras for Eurostar [UPDATE]Meghan drops Duchess title in Archetypes ‘to rebrand herself' - claim [EXPERT] Laura added: “With her make up, she added a bit of drama and contour with cream highlighter and a heavier eye look. “Overall, her make up was mostly very simple and within keeping to her signature style, but she embraced the use of cooper eyeshadow and bronzer to give her a sun kissed look and these tones are known to make a tan more noticeable. “In addition, the cooper and bronze hues helped her skin look fresh and youthful. “Usually in London she goes for more muted colour palettes when on public engagements. “With many stops on the tour I am not surprised Kate stuck to a similar make up look because she could wear almost the same make up on each occasion - it was a strategic move - Kate simply changed certain elements to suit the event, such as, more smudging on the eyes for a smouldering evening vibe, a deeper pink lip gloss and defined brushier brows for more formal events,” Laura commented. One lip colour Kate favours is Clarins Natural Lip Perfector in Rose Shimmer. Eagle-eyed Wimbledon viewers, back in 2019, will have spotted her reapplying this very lip gloss while she watched a tennis match from the royal box. As for how the Duchess keeps her complexion flawless, back in 2017, it was reported that Kate was a huge fan of organic rosehip oil. She also achieves lightweight coverage and lasting hydration on her face with Laura Mercier’s Tinted Moisturiser Oil Free Natural Skin Perfector after she was spotted walking out of Chelsea’s Peter Jones department store. As for the shimmer and blushes she uses, after her wedding in 2011, it was rumoured that Kate applied her own make-up on the big day with artistry assistance from beauty brand Bobbi Brown. It is also widely reported that one of Kate’s favourite products is the Bobbi Brown Shimmer Brick.