Amber Heard “clawed” at her then-husband Johnny Depp after a row on holiday, according to a witness in the defamation trial. Bahamas estate manager Tara Roberts told the court today Amber also called Johnny a “washed up actor” who would “die a fat, lonely old man”. Ms Roberts told the court about an argument she overheard between the couple, recalling that Amber was “clawing, grabbing at [Johnny’s] clothes... trying to viciously pull him back”. She claimed Johnny “didn’t react” and “stood there with his arms by his side”, While questioned in court, Ms Roberts said she heard Amber tell Johnny: "You're a washed up actor... You'll die a fat, lonely old man." She also claimed she heard Johnny tell Amber: “You hit me with a can.” READ MORE: Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore Ms Roberts was being questioned over two incidents, one in 2013 and one in 2015, when she was joined by Johnny and Amber on the estate she managed. She described Johnny as “social and outgoing”, but added that she mostly saw him “asleep on the couch”. Recalling a fight she saw between the former couple, Ms Roberts alleged Amber was holding a bottle in her hand and tried to drag Johnny back by his clothes. The witness claimed she never saw any injuries on Amber, but told the court she saw a bruise on the bridge of Johnny’s nose after one row, and said she put an ice pack on it to help ease the swelling. She agreed she “wouldn’t know whether there was any kind of physical abuse going on behind closed doors”. Johnny is suing Amber for $50million after writing in the Washington Post that she was a victim of domestic violence. She did not name him, but he says the public nature of their relationship caused his film career to essentially end. Amber, who denies any accusations of abuse, has yet to testify in the ongoing defamation trial and is counter suing Johnny for $100million. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’Zoe Henry's gripe with husband Jeff Hordley's Cain Dingle - 'Fuming!'Johnny Depp says he was domestic violence victim amid text 'shame' Yesterday, Johnny could be heard calling Amber a “fat a**” and a “c***” in recordings played in court. Other text messages from Johnny about Amber heard in court included him calling her a “lesbian camp counsellor” a term he says Amber originated. In the recordings, Johnny referred to his arguments with Amber as a “bloodbath”, while Amber could be heard sounding emotional, telling him “listen to me cry”. Johnny told the court that Amber brought his friend Paul Bettany’s teenage son to tears during a row on holiday. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor said Amber “despised” Paul because she saw him as a threat for taking Johnny’s attention from her. Meanwhile, a letter from Johnny to Amber’s mother was read out in court, in which he praises the Aquaman actress for supporting “an old junkie” such as him. Another text exchange between Johnny and his agent was less favourable, with Johnny typing about Amber: “She will hit the wall hard!!! “I can only hope karma kicks in and takes the gift of breath from her...” he added, in messages shown in court. The trial continues.