Queen Elizabeth has very rarely been seen in trousers or any casual clothing in her 70-year-reign. She is always seen in grand dresses for state occasions and even virtual appearances on Zoom. Along with her dresses, she always accessorises with grand jewellery and a majestic brooch that often has a hidden meaning. However, Bethan Holt, a fashion journalist who has written the upcoming book ‘The Queen: 70 Years of Majestic Style’, argues that the Queen most likely dresses much more casually at home. Instead of always dressing like the sovereign, she is much more likely to be in a “knitted jumper” at home, according to the expert. She has debunked some common style misconceptions that surround the Queen. Ms Holt appeared on Roberta Fiorito and Rachel Bowie’s podcast ‘Royally Obsessed’ to explain.  READ MORE: Queen spotted being driven to check up on her beloved horses The podcast hosts asked Ms Holt: “Parts of the book debunk the common misconceptions, for example about the Queen’s style. "There is the myth that she has over 200 handbags when in reality she probably has only about two or three styles in a few neutral colours. “Are there any others that come to mind that you can think of that are common misconceptions?” Ms Holt replied: “One that I thought was very interesting was when I was researching about the Queen wearing trousers.  “Obviously we hardly ever see her wearing trousers. “The few times that she was photographed in trousers, I notice that there was so much attention in the newspapers about it. “There would always be all these stories about the Queen seen wearing trousers. “On one occasion, I think it was in the 90s, the tailor who made the trousers was interviewed.  “He said, ‘Well this is crazy that everyone is getting excited about the Queen wearing trousers because I have actually made many pairs of trousers for her and she wears them all the time!’ “So I think maybe in her private life she does wear or she did wear a lot of trousers but obviously not in her more formal engagements.” The hosts responded saying: “It’s almost as if people think she’s dressing in these bright pastels behind closed doors when in reality she’s probably very normal!” Ms Holt added: “I think she’s in trousers and a nice knitted jumper or something very functional!”  The fashion expert also expanded on the misconception that the Queen owns so many handbags. She spoke about the company that has the royal warrant on making handbags for the Queen, Launer London. The expert said: “Launer were very keen to stand that myth corrected. “I don’t think anyone liked the idea of the Queen having 200 handbags!” 