Downing Street said in a statement: "The Prime Minister and Chancellor of the Exchequer have today received notification that the Metropolitan police intend to issue them with fixed penalty notices. We have no further details, but we will update you again when we do."   Carrie Johnson has confirmed she is also to be fined. A spokesperson for Mrs Johnson said: "In the interests of transparency, Mrs Johnson can confirm she has been notified that she will receive a Fixed Penalty Notice. She has not yet received any further details about the nature of the FPN." The news comes after police investigating allegations of lockdown parties held in Downing Street and Whitehall made more than 50 referrals for fines. At least 30 more fixed penalty notices will be issued by the ACRO Criminal Records Office, the Metropolitan Police said in its latest update on Operation Hillman, which is looking into breaches of Covid-19 regulations.      The identities of those issued with FPNs have not been disclosed publicly by the Met nor the event a fine relates to. Downing Street had said all along that it will confirm if either Mr Johnson or Cabinet Secretary Simon Case were handed a fine.  It is understood that those to be issued with FPNs receive an email notification from the Met that the force intends to fine them. There are no details about which event or events Mr Johnson, Mrs Johnson and Mr Sunak attended. However, of 12 events investigated at least one saw the PM and Chancellor both in the same room - a birthday celebration in the Cabinet Room. This has not been confirmed. The fines put Mr Johnson's political fortunes in peril after he told Parliament that Covid rules were followed in Downing Street. The PM had promised to update Parliament, although MPs are not sitting because of the Easter break. It also comes in the wake of Mr Sunak facing questions over his wife's tax affairs as Britons grapple with a cost of living crisis. READ MORE ABOUT BORIS JOHNSON'S FAMILY DAY OUT    Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer tweeted: "Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak have broken the law and repeatedly lied to the British public. They must both resign. The Conservatives are totally unfit to govern. Britain deserves better." Before news of Mr Johnson and Mr Sunak's fines was made public, Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey said the additional fines "expose the shocking scale of the criminality in Boris Johnson's No 10". The former cabinet minister added: "The police have now completely shredded Johnson's claims that no laws were broken. "He cannot be trusted and cannot continue as Prime Minister. No other leader in any other organisation would be allowed to continue after law-breaking on this scale. "If Boris Johnson won't resign, Conservative MPs must show him the door."  DON'T MISS: Fury as branch customers turned away to back online [REVEALED] Meghan Markle caused ‘shudders at palace’ [LATEST] Meghan savaged after ‘all she has done' to Firm [REPORT]  The Liberal Democrat leader later accused the Government of being in crisis and said it is neglecting a country in crisis. He tweeted: "Parliament must be recalled for a vote of No Confidence in the Prime Minister." Campaign group Covid-19 Bereaved Families for Justice UK tweeted: "Whilst families obeyed the rules & couldn't comfort each other at loved ones' funerals, Boris Johnson [and] Rishi Sunak broke the rules. "'We did everything we could to save your loved ones' said the PM to us in person. Hollow words in the same garden rules were broken. #Resign."  Bereaved families have said there is "simply no way" the Prime Minister and Chancellor can continue in post. Lobby Akinnola, spokesman for Covid-19 Bereaved Families for Justice, said Mr Johnson and Mr Sunak broke the law and took everyone for mugs. He said: "There is simply no way either the Prime Minister or Chancellor can continue. Their dishonesty has caused untold hurt to the bereaved. "Not only that, but they have lost all credibility with the wider public, which could cost lives if new variants mean restrictions are needed in the future. If they had any decency they would be gone by tonight."  Should Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak go? Join the debate in the comments section  ACRO Criminal Records Office, the body responsible for issuing the penalties, is to deal with the latest tranche of fines confirmed by London's police force on Tuesday. Issuing guidance as to why they were opting not to name those handed fines, the Met said they were following advice that "identities of people dealt with by cautions, speeding fines and other fixed penalties - out-of-court disposals - should not be released or confirmed". The advice also says that forces should "say that 'a man' or 'a woman' has been dealt with and only release general details of the offence". It comes after a former senior official last week became the first person to confirm they had received an FPN as a result of the partygate investigation.   Former deputy cabinet secretary and Whitehall ethics chief Helen MacNamara said she was "sorry for the error of judgment I have shown". Ms MacNamara, who now works for the Premier League, was reported to have received the fine in connection with a leaving do held in the Cabinet Office on June 18 2020.   