WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Split season 3. The Split series three returned to viewers' screens on Monday night, with Hannah Defoe (played by Nicola Walker) and Nathan Stern (Stephen Mangan) navigating their way through their own divorce and the struggles of becoming a blended family after Nathan revealed he had met someone new. The latest season also saw Rose Defoe's (Fiona Button) husband, James Cutler (Rudi Dharmanlingham), die after being hit by a car, and Nina Defoe (Annabel Scholey) continuing her affair with her boss Xander Hale's (Chukwudi Iwuji) husband, Tyler Donaghue (Damien Molony). Annabel Scholey joined Morning Live hosts Gethin Jones and AJ Odudu to discuss her time on the show and explained how emotional filming her last scenes were. After watching a sneak preview of what viewers can expect to see during next week's episode, AJ asked: "Series three is the final series, was it emotional to film?" "Oh god, it was so emotional," Annabel admitted. "We have been together, that cast, for five or six years, and they are like my real family. "I have grown up with them professionally and personally, we've had babies between us, not together obviously, but yeah, it was. "The last day we had a scene where, we don't shoot in order so it was a random scene walking into a lift and Nicola and I were there, Nicola Walker who plays Hannah. READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show  "We walked in, and they cut on the final scene, and we were absolutely bawling our eyes out, holding each other shaking. "I think I cried in the scene, and it wasn't even an emotional scene, I was totally unprofessional, but I just totally lost it at that point!" she said. Gethin went on to ask about how she felt about leaving her character Nina behind: "I am not surprised like you said, its been like five and a half years you have been playing the character. "I imagine a lot of fun to play because there has never been a dull moment for her?" Annabel explained: "As soon as I read the script from start to finish, I fell in love with her because she lives like a whirlwind, she has her heart on her sleeve, she lives like to the max. "She sort of acts and then thinks about things, which is a lot of fun to play as an actress, and I've had loads of different challenges. "She'd had an alcoholism storyline, she was stealing in the last series and this series, she is a mother. "So I had to explore the progressional woman versus being a new mum, which I think is really important." DON'T MISS...The Split showrunner speaks out on potential BBC spin-off series [INSIGHT]How many episodes are in The Split season 3? [LATEST]The Split season 3 episode 1 cast: Who is in the cast? [WATCH] Viewers of the show were devastated to find out that this would be the last instalment of the BBC series, with many binge-watching the series on BBC iPlayer. After finishing the series, many took Twitter to reveal what they thought, with user @MissHannahDuncs commented: "Just finished series 3 of #TheSplit, and I’m so sad they’re not making another series." @SLiversey added: "I watched the first five episodes of series three yesterday and stopped at episode six as I don't want it to end! Just about to watch it now!! Fabulous show!! #TheSplit." @Milly1978 praised: "Finished binge-watching #TheSplit series 3. Loved it! Great cast and a brilliant group of strong female characters too." (sic) Director Abi Morgan has recently teased fans with the idea of a spin-off series after looking back over the last three series. In an interview with RadioTimes.com ahead of the season premiere, Morgan said she was still hoping to work with the cast again in the future, claiming there were "more stories to be told". "Watch this space, I'm sure there'll be news about that very soon, but I really love those actors [and I'm definitely hoping I get to work with them again. "And I think we know that there's a real audience and appetite for this world, certainly the world of divorce law, which is just infinitely exciting and fascinating there are just more stories to be told. So fingers crossed." Morning Live airs weekdays from 9:15am on BBC One.