The “exciting” Viking discovery was made by archaeologist Jani Causevic of the Norwegian Institute for Cultural Heritage Research. The remains were uncovered near Øyesletta, Norway, during a survey along the proposed route of the “E39” European route highway which will run from just south of Trondheim down to Aalborg in northern Denmark. The fact that the burial included a ship suggests that the grave belonged to an individual of great importance. Mr Causevic said: “Boats were an expensive thing back in the day. “So whoever is buried there was probably someone important, and they wanted to signify that by giving them a rich burial.” “Usually people of high status would be given a boat burial.” Furthermore, he added, most Viking boat graves contained vessels that were much smaller than the one found at Øyesletta. It measures a whopping 30 feet long and had seating for six men — more than enough room to bury one person. Øyesletta and the surrounding municipality of Kvinesdal were already known to contain a number of similar burial grounds, but this is the first time one had been found with a ship. In fact, the boat grave — which was detected using ground-penetrating radar — lies in close proximity to the sites of several smaller burial mounds, the archaeologists said. None of the burial mounds in the region have survived to the present day as a result of agricultural developments. The find was exciting, Mr Causevic explained, in part because it shows “how the use of georadar gives us the opportunity to explore and document cultural history through new and exciting methods.” Boat graves tend to be associated with both the Late Iron Age — which ended in Scandinavia in around 800 AD — and the subsequent Viking Age. According to the Norwegian Institute for Cultural Heritage Research, boat graves typically represent some of the most lavishly-adorned Viking burials. They added that the Øyesletta burial grounds were active between 2,000 and 1,500 years ago. READ MORE: Archaeologists stunned by 700-year-old ship At present, the boat grave has not been fully excavated — and so the exact nature of the remains and artefacts that might be held inside are unknown. According to Mr Causevic, if the E39 ends up taking a different route, it is possible that we may not find out in the immediate future. He said: “It is yet unclear what will happen to the boat. “If the road construction passes through, it will be excavated, but if they choose a different route, then the burials will most likely just be left alone.” DON'T MISS:EU tries to bully Britain with ultimatum for UK-based scientists [INSIGHT]Archaeologists left baffled by grim Roman discovery made in Wales [REPORT]Study reveals risk of heart problems after Moderna or Pfizer vaccines [ANALYSIS] Archaeologist Nils Ole Sundet, project manager with the local government, said: “That the project has managed to produce knowledge that we thought was lost is very exciting.“This means that we can understand and convey better stories about society and the use of Øyesletta in the Iron Age.” The most famous Viking ship burial — the Oseberg Ship — was unearthed from a burial mound on a farm near Tønsberg, some 140 miles north-east of Øyesletta, from 1904–05. The 71-foot-long vessel, which is presently on display at the Viking Ship Museum at Bygdøy, Oslo, is thought to date back to around 800 AD. Additional reporting by Michael Havis.