Ramadan is one of the Five Pillars of Islam and is observed by billions of Muslims around the world each year. This significant event in the Islamic calendar is a time for reflection and contemplation - both of which are commemorated through fasting and prayer. As Muslims across the globe prepare to mark the holy month of Ramadan from Saturday, April 2, Express.co.uk reveals the best Mubarak Kareem quotes and greetings, so you can wish someone a happy Ramadan this year. During the holy month of Ramadan, Muslims endure a period of daily fasting in order to demonstrate their dedication to their religion. Fasting during Ramadan means Muslims do not let food or drink pass their lips from dawn to dusk, and is considered to be the biggest act of religious observance of its kind. This year, the holy month begins on Saturday, April 2 and ends on Sunday, May 1, with celebrations beginning on the Saturday evening to mark the start of Ramadan. With 4.1 million Muslims in the UK and two billion worldwide, the annual event is a poignant moment for the Muslim community to devote their time and attention to their faith - but what’s the best way to wish someone a happy Ramadan? READ MORE: Ramadan Mubarak: What does Ramadan Mubarak mean and how do you reply? Whether you observe this holy month or not, there are many ways to share best-wishes with those who do commemorate Ramadan. The most widely used greeting is “Ramadan Kareem”, which means “have a generous Ramadan”. This simple statement shares your acknowledgement for the event while wishing someone a positive month of abstinence from a number of life’s luxuries. An appropriate response to the greeting “Ramadan Kareem” is “Allahu Akram” which translates to “God is much more generous”. Saying “Ramadan Mubarak” to someone who observes the holy month means you are wishing someone a happy Ramadan. This quote translates from the Arabic word meaning “blessed”, so you could also wish someone a “Blessed Ramadan” instead. Both statements express well-wishes to Muslims who are preparing to fast, pray and make charitable donations throughout the holiest month in the Islamic calendar. According to the Times of India, this simplistic greeting is a heartwarming way of greeting brothers, sisters, families and friends throughout Ramadan, and has been used alongside the term “Ramadan Kareem” to mark the significant event for many years. DON'T MISS:New social media scam offers free Cadbury's chocolate - beware [INSIGHT]Ramadan crescent moon sighting: What does it mean? [REVEAL]Ramadan 2022 full guide: Key dates, fasting guidance and teachings [ANALYSIS] While these common greetings are all variations of the term “Happy Ramadan”, each quote has its own unique meaning. Wishing someone “Ramadan Kareem” means “May Allah give you all the prosperity and success”. This statement also sends wishes of health and happiness, which translates to “May Allah bless you with wealth and happiness and give you a healthy life”. Ramadan Mubarak translates to “May this Ramadan clear your understanding and judgement between right and wrong”. The poignant message behind this greeting is a nod to choosing good over evil. Ramadan Mubarak points to the fact that Ramadan is “a month to repent from our wrong-doings and sin”. This greeting is used to wish all Muslims “peace on this Ramadan”. “Happy Ramzan Kareem” is another way to wish someone a happy Ramadan.