Nicola Walker is back on BBC One tonight (April 11) starring as Hannah Stern in The Split. The drama is in its third outing and it focuses on Hannah's divorce from her husband Nathan (Stephen Mangan). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about TV actress Walker, including her age. In the upcoming episode of The Split, Hannah's relationship with Nathan takes another drastic turn. The actress is known for her roles in gripping primetime dramas, such as Unforgotten and Spooks. Walker was born in the East End of London and she took acting classes when she was 12 years old. She was the first member of her family to go to university, before pursuing her acting career. The actress is 51 years old, celebrating her birthday on May 15, 1970. READ MORE: Timothy West opens up on wife Prunella's memory battle 'It's sad' With this in mind, her special day is coming up in the next few weeks. The actress, who is married to actor Barnaby Kay, has an older brother. She is a mother-of-one, with a teenage son called Harry. Back in 2021, she opened up about ageism after being warned her career would have an expiry date. She said: "Older brilliant female actors pulled me into a corner. "Saying 'Look you've got to really do as much work as you can because once you're over 40, it really slows down.' "So I was waiting for that to happen," she told The Independent. Thankfully she still has a fruitful career post-50 and has signed up for a new project. Walking will be starring in the TV series Marriage, in an undisclosed role. The series is being written and directed by Stefan Golaszewski. DON'T MISS... All Creatures Great and Small star speaks on Mrs Hall romance [INSIGHT] The Split Annabel Scholey speaks on ending BBC series [INTERVIEW] The Split showrunner speaks out on potential BBC spin-off series [INSIGHT] After taking on the role of Hannah in The Split, she went on to star in the series Annika. Back in 2018, she spoke out about being grateful for the projects she has picked up since her 40s. Speaking to The Scotsman she said: "There’s not been a plan. It’s just being an actor, and I’m really grateful that in the last few years the parts have got really interesting. "I love that it’s since I hit my forties. I’m getting involving parts because there are people out there that want to tell more complex stories about women and men. "I’ve benefited from the fact that women I worked with years ago are now in positions of power where they can put forward work that involves women my age.” In the upcoming episode of The Split, Nathan reveals Kate (Lara Pulver) is pregnant. Hannah and Nina (Annabel Scholey) then deal with a case involving a pregnant woman, her wife, and a sperm donor who may be entitled to parental rights. Once again, her personal and professionals lives are blurred beyond her control.  The Split continues on BBC One tonight (April 11) at 9pm.