The price cap has now increased by nearly £700 in April, leaving many Britons with a new burden as they anticipate a cost of living crisis. The decision pushes the amount companies can charge from £1,277 to £1,971 per year, an additional £693. Approximately 22 million households will see that difference in their bills and look for ways to reduce them or ensure their cash goes further. Heat will arise as the primary concern for many, given the weather could remain cold for the next month or so, and central heating efficiency varies. Each unit receives one of seven ratings varying from A to G, highest to lowest. Like school grades, the highest-rated boilers are the most efficient. But even they don't use gas at a 1:1 rate, wasting approximately 10 percent. READ MORE: Single mum pleads for support – ‘Nothing left’ Efficiency may also wane over time, and units left for too long may cost people thousands to repair. Experts recommend people not wait to get their boiler looked at and act preemptively to save on efficiency and repairs in 2022. Bob Kerr, Gas Services Director at Gas Safe Register, told Express.co.uk that most people anticipate a "financial squeeze" over the next year. He urged people to focus on "prevention" rather than a "cure", with consumers best served by keeping their bases covered. They may find they can reduce prices and avoid pricey repair bills costing more than twice a regular servicing. Mr Kerr told Express.co.uk: “Boilers are among one of the most important gas appliances within our homes, as they keep us warm when most needed – so it’s important that we stay on top of their upkeep. Alternatively, people dismayed by their energy usage could look for a replacement boiler. While gas models may vary in efficiency, their electric equivalents do not. Electric boilers produce one heating unit per kilowatt (kWh) via a conductive element instead of a gas-powered flame. New electric central heating systems are less costly to install, setting people back roughly £3,790 compared to the approximately £5,250 needed for gas. There are negatives associated with the alternative heating system, however. On average, the efficiency makes electricity more expensive than gas, nearly four times as much. Experts estimate that gas heating costs 4.65p per kWh, while electricity is 16p. But standing charges are lower, costing 5p (60p per day) for electricity and double this (10p or 80p per day) for gas.