The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland passionately defended Boris Johnson, stating the Prime Minister has been able to "rebuild trust" to "win the next election". Speaking to Dan Walker on BBC Breakfast, the MP added Johnson "has got the big decisions right". Furious viewers took to social media to argue against Lewis' claims, with some fuming the MP is "a disgrace". Addressing Johnson and chancellor Rishi Sunak's first appearance in front of MPs since they were both fined by police over breaches, Dan stated: "Can I ask you, Brandon Lewis, about trust? "Do you think the Prime Minister is able to rebuild trust with those who voted for him to be Prime Minister a few years ago?" "Yes I do," Lewis replied. "I, fortunately, get to work with him as I have done with previous Prime Ministers, and I have done on a day-to-day basis, he is somebody who is focused on the issues which are affecting people across the country. "He cares passionately about improving the lives of people across the UK and I think people will see that and he will be able to rebuild that trust and successfully win the next General Election." READ MORE: Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series "Do you think he accepts that he broke his own rules?" Walker asked. Lewis responded: "As he said in the statement last week, he absolutely accepts the decision the police have come to. "He's paid the fine, he's apologised for that. He, a few months ago, outlined that he accepts that some of the things that happened at Number 10 were not done in a way that people would see as being right and proper and that's why he's been changing the team at Number 10, and he's done exactly what he said he would." Walker probed: "It's interesting though, isn't it? Because this isn't the end of this and I know there are lots of your colleagues in the Conservative Party who are waiting to see what happens, there could be more fixed penalty notices, the Sue Gray report of course. "Is there a point at which, if the penalties continue, if the Sue Gray report is found to be damning, if he is found to be in trouble over what he said to Parliament, will he lose your support at some stage?" "We've got to wait and see what that outcome is," Lewis answered. "I've never been tempted into hypotheticals, I'm not going to start on that now. "What I would say is people are going to want to see the outcomes so they get the full picture. "The Prime Minister, as I say, has outlined things that happened in Number 10 he understands people would be angry about." DON'T MISS... Jessica Cunningham opens up on life after The Apprentice [EXCLUSIVE]Emmerdale theory: Pete Barton returns with brother Ross after hint [THEORY]Simon Cowell labels fellow Britain's Got Talent judge 'desperate' [LATEST] The MP went on to argue: "His focus has been, and this is why he's continued to have my support, all the way through the pandemic, about making those decisions. "And he's got those big decisions right on Covid, on Ukraine and we're working on those decisions as we move out of Covid." Angered Twitter user @JamesDhammer57 responded by writing: "Unbelievable #bbcbreakfast #skynews #GMB What a waste of space #brandonlewis still talking c***." @BCollier2012 added: "#bbcbreakfast Brandon Lewis is a disgrace to British politics... And don't tell me what I think is important, you arrogant Tory p**** .. #ToriesUnfitToGovern #ToriesPartiedWhilePeopleDied." @macman9999 penned: "#BBCBreakfast Lewis quote, Johnson feels passionately about people across the UK, ha ha ha ha ha, get off my screen you clown." Adrian Gosling raged: "More weak bull**** from Brandon Lewis in defence of Boris Johnson this morning. He does have form when it comes to defending the indefensible though... "Now just waiting for his classic phrase that he only broke the law 'in a very specific and limited way' #BBCBreakfast." "BREAKING: Minister confirms if you break the law and the say "sorry", everything is forgiven and forgotten. #BBCBreakfast," @r0bwfoster shared. @PatrickFife121 argued: "I'm just so sick of these @Conservatives constantly lying and taking the public for Idiots. "Please note @BorisJohnson is going to address his MPs, not the public, his MPs, because they are the only ones who can get rid of the slime bucket. We have to wait for G.E. #BBCBreakfast." BBC Breakfast airs daily at 6am on BBC One.