Gentleman Jack is back for a second season on BBC One from April 10, and the new series is set in Yorkshire in 1834. A month after her private marriage, Ann Walker (Sophie Rundle) remains under the care of her doctor. Fans are keen to find out more about the TV actress, including whether she is married. Gentleman Jack follows landowner Anne Lister (Suranne Jones) who is determined to save her home at Shibden Hall. She has no intention of marrying a man and documents her relationship with Ann Walker in her diaries. Her love interest Ann is played by 33-year-old actress Sophie Rundle, who has been fairly open about her own relationship off-screen. She is dating actor Matt Stokoe, but the couple are not married. They are, however, engaged and they first met on the set of Jamestown. READ MORE: Gentleman Jack writer details key link to real-life Anne Lister In February 2021, she fell pregnant with her first child and their son was born in April of that year. Back in August 2019, the actress opened up about what her Gentleman Jack sex scenes taught her about love. Speaking to You, she discussed the help she received from an intimacy coordinator. She said it was an "empowering" experience, adding: "In the end, Gentleman Jack was simply a love story we can all relate to. "I’ve never had a breakdown like Ann [Walker], but I’ve had my heart broken and fancied people I shouldn’t have fancied. Everyone’s been through that." She and her partner Stokoe launched their own production company and have made several projects. Stokoe, 33, is also known for his roles in Misfits, Bodyguard and The Village. He and Rundle were pictured together in March 2022 whilst on a walk in Cheltenham with their son. Their 10-month-old child's name has not been announced publicly. At the time of his birth, she said on Instagram: "Our little boy, who arrived safely and happily over the Easter weekend and changed the game forever. DON'T MISS... Gentleman Jack season 2 release date, cast, trailer, plot [INSIGHT] Peaky Blinders' Sophie Rundle ‘still reeling’ from Helen McCrory loss [INTERVIEW] Sarah Parish addresses getting confused for Suranne Jones [DISCUSSION] "My little egg. My overflowing, grateful heart." She and Stokoe also share a dog, a retriever called Buddy. Speaking to the Daily Mail about the prospect of marriage, she said in 2019: "The whole wedding thing is weird. "Everyone expects you to be desperate to be a princess for the day – that's not really my scene." The pair have been pictured wearing rings but there has been no mention of a wedding. She starred alongside her partner in the horror film, Rose: A Love Story, which he wrote. They played a couple living in a remote woodland cabin. One of Stokoe's latest roles was in the TV series Cursed.  Gentleman Jack returns to BBC One on Sunday, April 10 at 9pm.