The Kremlin cut off Poland and Bulgaria's gas on Wednesday after it warned that it would stop sending gas to "unfriendly" countries that refuse to pay in rubles. Backed up by data from the EU network of gas transmission operators, Poland’s state gas company PGNiG confirmed that gas was not flowing for a brief period.  While it has since restarted, Poland is not phased by the Russian threat, arguing it is more than ready should Moscow move to slash its gas supplies again.  Warsaw has insisted that the Russian gas cut would not even impact households as it has been planning for this moment anyway. Energy Minister Anna Moskwa said: "Poland has the necessary gas reserves and sources of supply that protect our security.” She added that gas storage facilities were 76 percent full in Poland and that the country has been making sure to diversify its gas and energy sources. Poland has demonstrated one of the tougher stances in response to Russia's aggression in Ukraine with regard to energy sanctions. Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said: "We have been threatened with the suspension of gas supplies by Gazprom and have taken steps to diversify supplies. "We will protect Poland against this Russian measure.” Mr Morawiecki unveiled what he called the "most radical" plan made by any country in an attempt to ditch Russian fossil fuels. He said: “Today we present the most radical plan in Europe to move away from Russian hydrocarbons - Russian oil, Russian gas and Russian coal. READ MORE: UK in huge energy boost: Deal struck with Morocco for ‘game-changin... “When others in Europe looked at Russia as a business partner, we knew that Russia was primarily using gas as an instrument of blackmail. “That is why we have been persuading for years to take the tools of blackmail from Putin and Russia.” Despite Putin's warnings that nations would face losing Russian supplies if they did not submit to his demand, they have still refused. Warsaw's Commissioner for Strategic Energy Infrastructure Piotr Naimski hammered home that Poland will not cave to Putin and is ready to stand up to the authoritarian leader. DON'T MISSBulgaria and Greece break EU ranks with new nuclear plan [INSIGHT] Macron's grip on Britain's energy exposed - France to gain billions [REVEAL] Xi sparks Taiwan panic as new hypersonic missile launched [SPOTLIGHT] He said: "We will not pay. "Various possibilities and risks are being considered and we’re prepared for them. "If it is necessary, and if such a decision is made, we’re able to cut ourselves off from the gas supplies at a moment’s notice, and we’re ready for Russian actions, including an interruption in supplies.” In an appearance on RMF FM radio, Mr Naimski laid out details of a plan to shore up secure gas supplies, which involves finishing its floating liquefied natural gas terminal in 2025, earlier than planned. He said: "We want the facility to be ready in 2025, we are speeding this up. The plan was to have it ready in 2027." But Bulgaria, which also saw its gas travelling through the 2,552-mile-long Yamal-Europe pipeline cut, has argued that it did cave to Russian demands. The Ministry in Sofia said: "Bulgargaz received a notification today, April 26, that natural gas supplies from Gazprom Export will be suspended starting April 27. "The Bulgarian side has fully met its obligations and has made all payments required under its current contract in a timely manner, strictly and in accordance with its terms.” 