The Princess Royal and the Duchess of Cambridge are throwing their weight behind a bid to improve maternal health care. The royal women will visit the headquarters of the Royal College of Midwives and Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists on Wednesday for a rare joint appearance. The pair are both patrons of the different organisations, with Kate being a patron of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG), while the Princess Royal is a patron of the Royal College of Midwives (RCM). The occasion marks their first-ever engagement as a duo as the pair have only ever carried out public engagements as part of a larger family group. Both Anne, 71, and Kate, 40, are among members of the Firm who took on more responsibilities and duties for the crown after Prince Harry and Meghan Markle quit royal duties in 2020. Teaming up two Royal Family members in this way could be part commonplace as the monarchy evolves, according to royal author Pauline Maclaren. Ms Maclaren, co-author of Royal Fever: The British Monarchy in Consumer Culture claims the unusual pairing of the two royal women is means of “modernising the royal brand”. Ms Maclaran, who is a Professor of Marketing and Consumer Research in the School of Management at Royal Holloway, told Express.co.uk that it nods to the future of the Firm when Charles will replace his mother as Head of State. Ms Maclaran said: “It foregrounds once again, the crucial role that the young royals will play when Prince Charles becomes king. “They are particularly important at this time when we see more of a transition taking place because they are the bright future of the monarchy and the most appealing aspects of the royal brand.” READ MORE: Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore She also adds that the visit allows Kate to “benefit from Anne’s expertise” in the royal spotlight, while Anne’s work will be given a boosted profile with Kate in tow. Ms Maclaran said: “We have heard that Kate is going to be given more single duties to perform and who better to learn from than her aunt who has frequently been praised for her dedicated service. “Kate will therefore benefit from Anne’s expertise and Anne’s work will gain a higher profile with Kate by her side. “Pairings like this also put the emphasis on the family brand elements of the monarchy and are likely to be seen more frequently to ensure the spotlight does not only fall on Charles and Camilla as its future representatives.” DON'T MISS Kate and William show 'emotional exhaustion' after 'comments by Harry' [ANALYSIS] Prince Harry takes ‘direct shot’ at Palace to protect Meghan [REVEAL] 'Incredibly tactile' Meghan and Harry's unusual public interaction [INSIGHT] During their visit, Kate and Anne will meet with representatives from Tommy's National Centre for Maternity Improvement to learn about digital tools being used to identify and support women with higher risk pregnancies. They’ll also form part of a roundtable discussion during the visit, where The Princess Royal and The Duchess of Cambridge will meet with experts from the sector and new mothers. The conversation will focus on measures being taken to tackle the inequalities in maternity care. Their Royal Highnesses have both recently returned from royal tours they’ve undertaken as part of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Kate and her husband Prince William, 39, undertook an eight-day Caribbean tour in March. The pair visited three nations – Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas – but faced some difficulties due to protests calling for reparations from the Royal Family over their ties to the slave trade. While Princess Anne undertook her first royal tour since the start of the pandemic, visiting Australia and Papua New Guinea with her husband, Vice-Admiral Sir Tim Laurence. The Queen’s daughter is often praised for being the hardest-working royal and she carries out hundreds of engagements each year. During her four-day trip, Anne packed in an impressive 20 engagements.