Spring is a crucial time for garden grass but it can quickly become weak and patchy without the right care. Weeds, bare patches and yellow hues can all leave your lawn looking unhealthy, but what can you do to revive the centrepiece of your garden? According to Gardeners’ World, improving the health of your lawn can be done in just 12 weeks - and now is the “perfect time” to make a start. March, April and May provide the perfect growing conditions for your garden lawn, but it can be concerning when you don’t see the results you hoped for. Gardeners’ World said: “Grass grows whenever temperatures rise above 7C. “With days lengthening and temperatures rising, early spring is the perfect time to begin a lawn rescue plan.” Improving the health of your lawn won’t take up all of your time either, in fact, it is much better to take a ‘little and often’ approach to achieve a luscious green lawn in time for summer. Read More: Shower cleaning: How to remove shower screen limescale - ‘never fails’ Cut, rake and edge your lawn Refreshing your spring lawn should start with a good cut on a warm, sunny day. The best way to achieve an even finish is to mow in two different directions in order to catch any blades of grass you may have missed. Finish up by raking away the clippings to keep the surface open for emerging shoots, and adding a final touch by edging the lawn. Aerate the grass Aeration is the best way to improve drainage while encouraging fresh blades of grass to grow. Gardeners’ World said: “Improve aeration where growth or drainage is poor by pushing a garden fork 10-15cm into the soil. “Wiggle it around to heave the soil up by a centimetre or so. Work backwards, spiking the lawn at 15cm intervals.” Lift stubborn weeds The safest way to get rid of lawn weeds is to take a clean, sharp trowel and dig them up from the roots. Regular mowing can also help to displace weeds and moss. DON'T MISS'A huge mistake': Avoid ruining the surfaces in your home - 'be smart' [INSIGHT]How to kill brambles: 3 steps to kill, clear and prevent brambles [EXPLAINED]Gardening jobs: ‘Perfect time’ to ensure garden ‘thrives’ in summer [TIMELINE] Mulch with grass clippings Grass clippings can be used as a mulch for the very lawn they’ve come from. According to Gardeners’ World, you should leave the clippings in place after mowing the lawn to act as a nutrient-rich feed for your grass. Feed and water the lawn A slow-release fertiliser such as pelleted chicken manure, a spring lawn feed or a multi-purpose feed should also be applied during a mild spell. Water the grass well during dry periods and trim the edges if necessary. Overseed bare patches Patchy areas of your lawn can be repaired after feeding the grass, just break up the soil, scatter the seeds and cover with potting compost. Use half as much seed to cover thin areas, using a rake to lightly set it into your lawn. A lawn roller can be used a few days after sowing seed to help establish new growth. For your lawn to fully rejuvenate, grass seed should be left alone until it begins to sprout to around 4cm tall. Continue to mow the lawn Keep the grass well watered and continue to mow at least fortnightly during your 12-week care plan. Regular lawn edging should also be done when necessary to maintain a dense, healthy look. Gardeners’ World said: “Raise the mower cutting height in hot, dry weather and water newly sown areas well. “Keep the lawn lush by applying slow-release fertiliser to established areas, and add a milder, diluted liquid seaweed feed to recently re-sown patches.”