John Inverdale, 64, returns to our screens this afternoon for an episode of ‘The Chase Celebrity Special’. The veteran pundit takes part in a special Christmas edition of the hit ITV quiz show hosted by Bradley Walsh. John is joined by Judy Murray, Bernard Cribbins and Scarlett Moffatt as they seek to outrun the Chaser. The celebrities work as a team to use their knowledge to win money for charities of their choice. He told The Times that his role as a commentator for England matches would not have been compatible with his new RFU role. He said: “I got a call out of the blue asking if I wanted to sit on the RFU Council and represent the National Clubs Association. “Having spent 30 years saying that the RFU needs to sort itself out, I decided to think about it. “I approached the BBC and they said that if I was a member of the governing body, I couldn’t do any England matches. “And in the background was the doubts as to whether the BBC would be involved in the future anyway.” John was asked about why he gave up the thrills of covering live sport for a more technical position. The star, who has been critical of some of the RFU’s decisions in the past, said he looked forward to now being able to help the organisation. He said: “I’m almost ashamed to say, but I’m not ashamed at all, that I’m actually really enjoying it. “I’m finding it fascinating being on the inside rather than lobbing stones at it from the outside.” John has been a stalwart of the game since he first took to the airwaves more than 30 years ago. DON'T MISS: Queen Jubilee 2022 dates: The four-day bank holiday schedule in full [LATEST]Royal POLL: Do you think William and Kate should move closer to the Queen? [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have 'no room to heal' relationship with Royal Family [ANALYSIS] The presenter started out at Radio 5 Live, before moving into TV as the host of ‘Rugby Special’. During his long career, he has also presented Wimbledon, the Olympics, football, Cheltenham and golf. Drawing on his wealth of experience, the star admitted to The Times that he did harbour some doubts over the future of rugby. He said: “Where does rugby sit in the sporting landscape at a time when e-sports become an Olympic sport? “When you have an NFL franchise heading for London? “What we’ve always viewed as rugby’s traditional jigsaw could well get smashed in the next decade or so, so how does rugby stay relevant?” ‘The Chase Celebrity Special’ airs on ITV from 5pm today.