In light of state pension increase by 3.1 percent from April 11, Chris Brooks from Age UK believes that the increment is “woefully insufficient” and “it is really important that the Government takes some measures to tackle”. Speaking with GB News, Chris Brooks said: “It’s woefully insufficient to help many pensioners make ends meet”. He continued: “It is less than half the present inflation rates” “I have been hearing from a lot of people who are simply unable to afford even the household essentials in many cases”, he added. Mr Brooks reiterated: “They have to make very difficult decisions about where to spend their money on”. READ MORE: Le Pen ally hits Macron for ‘taking people for fools’ over pension “Obviously the rate itself was set back in September inflation which is why it is such a huge gap”. He explained: “It is really important that the government takes measures to tackle”. Mr Brooks also added: “There has been a huge increase in price since that time”. “It was quite unfortunate actually that the rise is based on September, which was soon before inflation really started rocketing and before the energy crisis became tough”, he continued. READ MORE: Oil prices plummet: Relief for UK motorists as cost for crude crashes Chris Brooks highlighted: “It is for this reason that the government takes some measurements to tackle”. He continued: “To essentially help the people who are suffering”. “In many cases it is people on low income whose pensions rely on the state pension”. He added: “People who are really struggling to pay for food or for essential services”. DON'T MISS: Gibraltar Brexit breakthrough: Rock 'strongly optimistic' of new deal [WATCH] Ukraine LIVE: Russian convoy blown up [LISTEN] Putin humiliation as naval cruiser ‘seriously damaged’ [INSIGHT]  Mr Brooks concluded: “Although the weather has warmed up now and we are not talking about heating so much, it is still really important that people can maintain their living”. The claims follow the Government decision to increase state pension payment by 3.1% from April 11 2022. Despite the Government increment on state pension payments, economists have warned that the uplift will not be enough to allow pensioners to offset the current cost of living crisis. Current inflation levels are currently 6.2%, but seem to be expected to increase and hit more than 8% during the year as consequence of the current soaring energy bills, Chris Brooks explains speaking with GB News. 