Manchester United are primed to make Erik ten Hag their next manager. The Ajax boss has fended off competition from Mauricio Pochettino to secure the keys to Old Trafford come the summer. And some would love to see Edwin van der Sar come with him - with the Red Devils already previously contacting their former goalkeeper over a return. Manchester United have chosen Ten Hag to become their next manager. But there’s also a clamouring for Van der Sar to come with him, having done well as Ajax director since hanging up his boots back in 2011. United were successful with the Dutchman between the sticks, winning four Premier League titles when he was their No 1. And Van der Sar confirmed last year that he’d been in contact with United about a potential return. “Manchester United? It’s always nice to read positive things about you,” he said at the time. “Everyone is ambitious in life. Did they contact me? Yes, a few years ago already.” THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Van der Sar did say, however, that any potential return to United would have to be on his own terms. “What kind of CEO is Manchester United looking for? I am not your typical CEO,” he added. “I am a CEO more for the football side of things. Ajax is very structured. Manchester United is so different and you have to work with several owners there too. “Does that suit you or do you like your life in Noordwijk and Amsterdam enough? That is the question. “I couldn’t do this job at a club I don’t like. “I am extremely happy with what we have been able to achieve at Ajax. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players “Ten years ago we had the ambition to join Europe’s elite and we have lived up to those words. We did that through hard work and without a rich sugar daddy or government funding to help us.” While United are primed to raid Ajax for Ten Hag, there’s no indication Van der Sar will join him in the Premier League at the current moment in time. And that’s despite former Red Devils coach Eric Steele recently saying they’d be a brilliant double act. Instead, Ten Hag will work under John Murtough and Darren Fletcher. The pair interviewed the 52-year-old prior to the Dutchman recently meeting Richard Arnold for the first time. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And they were blown away by what he had to say. Ten Hag made it clear he was unhappy with United’s recruitment in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson walked away. And he also didn’t mince his words when it came to talking about their structure and the club’s current way of doing things. Meanwhile, former Manchester City star Joleon Lescott thinks Ten Hag can succeed in English football. He also thinks Marcus Rashford can benefit from the Dutchman’s imminent appointment, too, adding: “Marcus Rashford is one player who I think could be reinvigorated under Erik ten Hag. “Nobody can deny that Marcus’ form has tailed off hugely in recent times. He’s looked a different player to the one who burst onto the scene years ago. “At his best, he’s a forward who plays with complete freedom and enjoys his football, but this season he’s looked weighed down by everything. “Confidence plays a huge part in performances and having a manager who believes in you is key. “If Ten Hag gets his arm around him and encourages him, he can get back to where he was.”