It's said Joyce McCarty made the claim in a text message after Newcastle City Council leader Nick Forbes was deselected ahead of the May elections. She has been accused of Islamophobia and administratively suspended from the Labour Party, pending investigation. Coun McCarty was the council’s deputy leader until last year and is a long-time friend and key ally of Coun Forbes, who has announced he will leave city politics in May. It is believed Labour Party no longer endorses her as a candidate in May’s local elections. However, she is still on the ballot as a Labour candidate in her Wingrove ward because her nomination forms to stand for re-election were submitted before her suspension. In February, Coun Forbes suffered an embarrassing defeat in a contest to select Labour’s candidate in his Arthur’s Hill ward, reports Chronicle Live. Local party members voted by 13 to four in favour of local activist Abdul Samad. The moderate council leader has alleged an ambush by left-wing members and claimed the selection contest was "clearly manipulated" against him, but decided not to seek election in another ward. Coun McCarty, who was Labour’s second in command in Newcastle for 14 years, wrote in the text seen by Chronicle Live that she had heard there was a "specific Muslim plot" organised by councillors in the West End of Newcastle to remove the leader and get more black, Asian, and minority ethnic (BAME) candidates selected. She is currently the local authority’s cabinet member for inclusive economy, taking responsibility for issues including support for refugees and asylum seekers through Newcastle’s status as a City of Sanctuary. Mish Rahman, a member of Labour’s National Executive Committee, tweeted that Labour "cannot call itself an anti racist party with examples such as this", referring to Coun McCarty being allowed to stand in next month’s elections despite her suspension. He added: "It seems to take some instances of racism more seriously than others and depending on who carried out the offence. Comes to tackling Islamophobia – I have zero confidence in this leadership."  Coun McCarty has been a councillor since 1994, was Labour’s deputy leader in the city from 2007 to 2021, and deputy leader of the council from 2011 to 2021. She and Coun Nick Kemp, who was elected as Labour’s new leader in Newcastle last month, have both been approached for a comment. Nick Forbes has also been approached for comment. 