In 2018, Jack Brooksbank popped the question to Princess Eugenie who he had been dating for seven years. The Princess’ engagement ring was bright pink which was quite unusual for royal rings, which were normally a clear diamond or a blue sapphire. Lorna Haddon, head of diamonds and jewellery at Beaverbrooks, spoke to Express.co.uk about Eugenie’s ring and how it reflects her personality.  She said: “Vibrant coloured gemstones paired with diamonds are becoming increasingly popular for brides who are looking for a statement engagement ring. “They have been a key feature in royal proposals for many years. “Eugenie’s engagement ring features a classic gold band set with a stunning padparadscha sapphire. “The rare gem is nestled within 10 brilliant-cut diamonds and two pear cut diamonds to emphasise the central gem and create an eye-catching finish. “The slim gold band accentuates the central piece and draws the eye straight to the gorgeous and unusual sapphire.” But how much is the engagement ring worth? Lorna continued: “Eugenie’s historic ring is estimated to be worth around the £100,000 mark, due to its rare padparadscha sapphire.” Eugenie’s ring did strike similar characteristics to her mother, Sarah Ferguson’s engagement ring from 1986.  Both rings were colourful pink and red designs, using rubies and rarer diamonds that were different from many other royal engagement rings. Claire Adler, the founder of Claire Adler Luxury PR, spoke to Express.co.uk to explain the similarities between the two colourful rings. She said: "Princess Eugenie’s eye-catching engagement ring features a Padparadscha Sapphire surrounded by diamonds on a simple gold band. “Her ring follows the recent trend of more untraditional engagement rings with colourful gemstones.  “The ring features a flower-like shape known as a cluster ring and coloured stone similar to the engagement ring of Eugenie’s mother Sarah Ferguson.” Did Jack take inspiration from Fergie’s iconic ruby red ring? Claire added: “Princess Eugenie’s now-husband Jack Brooksbank probably took inspiration from Sarah Ferguson’s ring. “In fact, the colours of both rings have deeper meanings.  “Princess Eugenie’s husband Jack Brooksbank explained that he picked this ring because ‘it changes colour when it hits certain lights, much like Eugenie.’” But are the rings the exact same design? Claire continued: “However, the rings are not exactly the same, and Princess Eugenie’s ring is a different design from her mother’s. “Because of their similar design, both rings have also been compared to Kate Middleton’s ring which belonged to Princess Diana." 