People from Cornwall often call tourists "emmets", which is a word from the Cornish dialect that refers to the holidaymakers that visit the popular spot. There is debate over whether the term is derogative or not. Many tourists visiting Cornwall have found the term offensive but others think is just an affectionate term. Gordon Ramsay recently said during an interview that he loved Cornwall but "couldn't stand" the Cornish. "Your word for tourists, emmets, is actually quite rude and unwelcoming isn't it?" he said. The word, which means "ants", is being heard more than ever in Cornwall, as the town is severely hit by "overtourism". READ MORE: Spain urged to allow UK holidaymakers fast-tracked entry  The word describes the tourists who are often red to sunburn while holidaying in Cornwall. Some people took the debate to social media and shared their thoughts online. One user said: "It's okay to call tourists emmets as they swarm like ants." Another one named Paul explained: "I called myself an emmet when wandering around London seemingly with no aim."  However, many didn't agree. User Samuel said: "To boil a person down to a word that serves you and not them is morally wrong." Another added: "It is negative, divisive and ignorant." Chief executive of Visit Cornwall, Malcolm Bell, explained: "Firstly, it is nowhere near as commonly used as it used to be. "But more importantly in this era it could easily be seen as an insult i.e. on a par with Paddy or Taffy or calling someone with red hair a 'ginger'. "We are more sensitive to others feeling than we were in my youth. "Regarding tourism businesses – the Cornish are known for being polite and welcoming and although it does not help it won't make any real impact," he told Cornwall Live. Earlier this week, holiday company Sawday's vowed to cap the number of holiday lets available in some parts of Cornwall in order to tackle the overtourism problem. A spokesperson explained the issue is heavily impacting communities and said that "the number of visitors needs to be managed responsibly". Although the company has not shared any more details, this decision means there will be a maximum number of five properties available to rent in St Ives, Mousehole and St Minver through Sawday’s. In the town of St Minver, for example, over 70 percent of the houses are reportedly holiday lets.