One of the hounds savaged the two-year-old boy at his home in Egdon, Worcestershire on March 28. His family rushed him to hospital. On the advice of the ambulance service they stopped at Worcester. Countryside Centre, before being taken by paramedics to Worcestershire Royal Hospital. The young boy was then transferred to Birmingham Children’s Hospital in a critical condition. He passed away from his injuries on March 30. Locals had already dubbed the dogs “the beasts”. As investigations were ongoing, they were securely housed by West Mercia Police. Today it emerged the animals have been put down, although no arrests have been made. The force has confirmed that investigations are ongoing. A police spokesperson said: “I can confirm that the three dogs which were seized as part of the investigation into the dog attack in Egdon have now been put to sleep. "Other than that there are no updates at the moment. There have been no arrests and the investigation is ongoing." Superintendent Rebecca Love, local policing commander for South Worcestershire, previously confirmed the boy's death at a media briefing. She said: “Officers responded to a report of a two-year-old child in cardiac arrest at approximately 11.20am on Monday 28 March. “It was quickly established the child had suffered injuries as a result of being bitten by a dog at the address in Worcestershire. “The child was transferred from Worcestershire Royal Hospital to Birmingham Children’s Hospital, and despite medical treatment, he has died as a result of his injuries.“This is a truly tragic incident and our thoughts are with the family at this very difficult time." One local said previously: "I've seen the owners of the white cottage before, they have rottweilers. READ MORE: Photos show missiles being loaded onto HMS Audacious in Gibraltar [REVEAL]Brexit Britain leads the way as number of non-EU migrants soars [INSIGHT]Kent horror: Passengers 'rescued from stranded train' after person hit [ANALYSIS] "You can hear them barking from the fields. I used to see them walking the dogs, one time they got out onto the main road. "It's all secluded so you don't really see anyone, everyone is kind of hidden away. "I walk my dog here a lot because of the route and you can hear the dogs barking, lots of barks.” Another resident added: "Everyone keeps themselves pretty private around here and no one asks many questions. "I think people are a bit intimidated by the family with those dogs. We call them 'the beasts' because they are always making such a racket. "My wife refuses to walk our dog anywhere near there in case they get out. Everyone is so sad for the little lad who died. It's an absolute tragedy."