Arsenal are apparently lining-up a sensational summer move for Real Madrid winger Eden Hazard, who has fallen out of favour at the Bernabeu. And the former Chelsea star has already made his love for the Gunners known. Hazard made his Premier League exit in 2019 after Los Blancos splashed out an initial £89million to prise him away from Stamford Bridge. But the 31-year-old has looked a shadow of his former self in Spain. The Gunners reportedly made an initial inquiry about the ace in March and have returned to talks this week to discuss a possible loan move. And he could return to England if Arsenal get their way. Hazard grew up at a time when Arsenal were dominating the Premier League alongside Manchester United. And the Belgium international has previously revealed he “really liked the Arsenal team” as a youngster. READ MORE: Benzema proves Rio Ferdinand wrong as Real Madrid star bags Chelsea hat-trick    “When I was little, the team I watched the most was the French national team,” Hazard said back in February 2021. “For me, the players I looked up to were Zinedine Zidane and Thierry Henry. “It's difficult for me to admit because of my relationship with Chelsea - but I really liked the Arsenal team at the time. They had players like Robert Pires, [Sylvain] Wiltord, and [Patrick] Vieira - so it was mainly French players that I followed growing up.” Hazard has found the back of the net just six times since moving to Real Madrid. And his spell in Spain has been rocked by injuries. So the ace could jump at the opportunity to end his La Liga nightmare by returning to the capital, despite ruling out a move back to the Premier League last year. DON'T MISSLiverpool have Carvalho deal 'done' with £7.7m fee agreed for summer signingChelsea's Mount has defiant message for Real Madrid - 'If anyone can do it, it's us'Thierry Henry's puzzled reaction when Micah Richards compared Benzema to Harry Kane      “I still have a three-year contract with Real Madrid, so going back to England is out of the question,” Hazard insisted last May. “Everyone knows that my first two years were not good, so first I want to prove myself at Real Madrid. I will do everything to do that. “I certainly don't see myself leaving Madrid, given the contract situation. I know myself and I know when I'm in shape. If that's the case, I can give it my all for Real next season. That's my plan.” But Hazard has failed to rediscover his best form since those comments. And Real are apparently willing to allow him to leave the club on loan next season, before trying to offload him permanently in the summer of 2023 - a year before his contract expires. Arsenal will therefore be looking to take advantage of his plight and welcome him to the Emirates Stadium as they look to continue their upward momentum under Mikel Arteta. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 