Derry Girls went down a huge hit with fans when it first started airing on Channel 4. Viewers fell in love with the close-knit group of friends from the Northern Irish city. Sadly the TV series will be ending with the third season, and here is all you need to know about what to expect. The series will air on Channel 4 from Tuesday, April 12 at 9.15pm. Both of the previous seasons have been made up of six episodes and the same is expected for the final outing. The series will air weekly on Tuesdays, and each episode will be available to watch back on the streaming service, All4. A first look video has been shared and it shows the group of friends in a video store. There are some hilarious exchanges in the teaser clip, so fans are in for a treat. READ MORE: Nicola Coughlan states Derry Girls delay caused ‘insane stress’ All of the main cast are expected to return for the final outing. Saoirse-Monica Jackson is Erin Quinn and Louisa Harland plays Orla McCool. Bridgerton's Nicola Coughlan returns as Clare Devlin, although she will not feature as heavily this time around due to filming schedule conflicts. Jamie-Lee O'Donnell returns as Michelle Mallon in the final season. Dylan Llewellyn rounds off the Derry Girls gang as James Maguire. The family members will also return with Tara Lynne O’Neill as Mary, Kathy Kiera Clarke as Aunt Sarah and Tommy Tiernan as Gerry. Ian McElhinney plays Joe, with Kevin McAleer as Uncle Colm. Siobhan McSweeney will also make a comeback as Sister Michael, and Leah O'Rourke as Jenny Joyce. Yes, a trailer for the new series has been shared and it shows news reporters discussing the Troubles in Ireland. James is heard saying: "We lived on the edge back then, we were young, wild, fearless". James is still struggling to fit in with the gang as Michelle questions his heavy breathing. She says: "I'm sorry, can nobody else hear the absolute racket you are making?" The words 'Remember when you felt unstoppable' appear on the screen as the gang gets up to all sorts of antics. DON'T MISS... 'I tried my best' Screw star Jamie-Lee O’Donnell on major change [INSIGHT] 'Don’t want to patronise' Bridgerton's Ruby Barker on Nicola Coughlan [INTERVIEW] Derry Girls’ Nicola Coughlan on returning as Clare for season 3 [INSIGHT] Not much has been revealed about the plot just yet but Coughlan said on Twitter it was the "best we've ever done". The teaser clip does give some insight into what fans can expect. The gang is seen speaking to Dennis (Paul Mallon) at his video store as they ask for his recommendations. Sister Michael is seen walking in on crutches as she says: "This is nothing, you should see the other guy." Coughlan teased the final season on Twitter, saying: "I can’t tell you how worth it the wait will have been." The show's creator, Lisa McGee, explained back in September 2021 why the series will be ending with season three. She said in a statement: "It was always the plan to say goodbye after three series. "Derry Girls is a coming-of-age story following five ridiculous teenagers as they slowly… very slowly… start to become adults, while around them the place they call home starts to change too and Northern Ireland enters a new more hopeful phase — which was a small, magical window of time. "Derry Girls is a love letter to the place I come from and the people who shaped me. It has been an honour to write it and I will be forever proud of everything it's achieved."  Derry Girls season 3 airs on Channel 4 on Tuesday, April 12.