Princess Anne, 71, has two children, Peter Phillips, 44, and Zara Tindall, 40. Through these two she has five grandchildren, Savannah Phillips, 11, Isla Phillips, 10, Mia Tindall, eight, Lena Tindall, three and one-year-old Lucas Tindall. But what sort of parent is the Princess Royal? Body language expert Judi James spoke to Express.co.uk to analyse particularly the relationship between Princess Anne and Zara Tindall. She said: “This is one of the closest and most functional parent/child relationships in the Royal Family. “There are many signals of mutual respect and empathy. “There are obviously many loving parental blends among the royals. READ MORE: Kate 'carving royal path in own right' with Princess Anne's help “But with Anne and Zara, there seems to be a meeting of minds at every level. “If you took the weight of the air of royal formality out of Anne’s body language what you would have left would probably look very much like Zara,” the expert claimed. Judi continued: “Anne appears to have given her daughter the freedom she missed out on as a top-tier and very dutiful royal. “Zara seems to have paid her mother back by leading the kind of life Anne might have wanted for herself. “Anne’s gift of freedom has never appeared to have been wasted on Zara. “This probably accounts for some of their friendship signals together now.” What is Zara’s general body language like? Judi commented: “Zara’s body language is unrelentingly upbeat and spontaneous.  “She seems to be openly happy and openly emotional whenever we see her in public. “She is tactile and expressive and it is notable she appears to bring out those qualities in her mother when they are together. “Anne has often looked dour and rather haughty in the past, but with Zara, there are clear links of shared humour and a sense of fun.” What do these two royal women have in common?  Judi added: “The two women also share high levels of success outside the Royal Family. “This has given both of them what must feel like a certain amount of confidence that they have earned their place in the public eye and the public’s respect. “Both have had amazingly successful careers as Olympic-level riders. “This shared love of horses plus her shared respect for the discipline involved has thrown up many signals of professional as well as parental respect.” 