Arsenal are in dire need of a striker this summer with Mikel Arteta's men struggling for goals. Having only scored four goals in their last five league matches, the Gunners need a new talisman to lead the line. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was sold in the winter transfer window, whilst Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are both out of contract in the summer. Arteta's men were linked with Darwin Nunez recently, although Chelsea and Manchester United are reportedly eyeing up a move for the Uruguayan. That could massively impact Arsenal's plans, but Express Sport understands they still have five names on their shortlist if Nunez was to move to one of their rivals.  Alexander Isak Real Sociedad star Isak was the second name on Arsenal's shortlist in the winter after their move for Dusan Vlahovic failed, with the Serbian moving to Juventus instead. Arsenal will be rueing what they missed out in Vlahovic, who has scored five goals in nine league games for his new club - the same amount that Isak has in La Liga since the start of the current campaign. But at the age of just 22, and having scored 17 last season, a move for Isak could prove to be fruitful over the next few years. Jonathan David David has been a revelation since his switch from Gent to Lille in 2020. The Canada international has scored 26 league goals in just 68 games in the French top-flight, marking his name as one of the best young forwards on the continent. READ MORE: Liverpool 'exploring Raphinha transfer' despite signing Luis Diaz due to Leeds clause  And his ability to play anywhere across the front three could prove vital to Arsenal's cause due to their relatively small squad. Dominic Calvert-Lewin Calvert-Lewin would be almost certain to leave Everton in the summer if the Toffees suffer relegation from the Premier League for the first time in their history. If Arsenal offer enough money, they could well prise the England international from Goodison Park even if Everton stay up. But whether or not Calvert-Lewin would fit Arsenal's style is yet to be seen while West Ham are also said to be interested in him. Victor Osimhen Napoli striker Osimhen joining Arsenal would be seen as a real statement of intent given his exploits for Lille and the Gil Azzurri over the past three years. DON'T MISS  An £80million price tag could rule the Gunners out of the running to secure his signature. That would make him a club-record addition. But if they are desperate to sign one of Europe's best up and coming strikers, they could go all out for the Nigerian. Armando Broja Broja has starred on loan for Southampton this season away from his parent club Chelsea, scoring six goals in 26 league games under Ralph Hasenhuttl. It may be hard to do a deal with Chelsea however. The Blues will know Broja at Arsenal could be detrimental to their own hopes of securing Champions League football next season if he enjoys a fruitful season under Arteta. Yet with Chelsea keen to sign Nunez, Broja could be a genuine option given they will be eager to raise funds.