More than 15 Just Stop Oil (JSO) activists have been arrested after blocking two petrol stations at services on the M25. The climate group said 35 of its supporters blocked stations at Cobham Services and Clacket Lane Services in Surrey. The action began at 7am BST, with videos posted to social media showing activists destroying petrol pumps and gluing themselves to the floor. One protestor had glued themselves to the top of a lorry. Surrey Police said further arrests were likely to take place throughout Thursday. Reports suggest that some members of the public had sour words for the protestors, with one shouting "get a job" at the scene. It is something that members of all climate groups, including Extinction Rebellion and Insulate Britain, have faced. But Hannah Hunt, a 23-year-old student and member of JSO, snapped back at this criticism, arguing it is this exact privilege that is the reason for their action. She told Express.co.uk: "It is exactly why we are doing it — we have that privilege. "I understand that there are people who work to pay their rent and struggle to get through day-by-day. "But those of us who have stepped up are doing it because we have that privilege. "Me and my friends have been asked a lot whether we feel selfish because other people aren't able to do that, but how can it be selfish when I'm risking my liberty, my future, my prospects for people I've never met. JUST IN: Steve Coogan’s Scottish Independence U-turn laid bare "I'm risking my own future for other people's children, for the children that I want to have. "For me, it's not us that are being selfish, it's the Government and the media." Earlier this month, Miranda Whelehan, a member of JSO, went on Good Morning Britain to talk about the group's plans and hopes for the future. Explaining the urgency of the situation, Ms Whelehan was shouted down by presenter Richard Madeley, who was later accused of being patronising. DON'T MISS US Air Force Osprey spotted flying over England [REPORT]Non-binary garden centre worker 'sacked in row over pink hair' [INSIGHT] Woman's surprise as 'Purebred French' puppy grows into different breed [ANALYSIS] Showing little patience for JSO, Mr Madeley hit out: "This Just Stop Oil slogan is very playground-ish, isn’t it? Very Vicky Pollard. It’s quite childish." He also commented on Ms Whelehan's clothes, saying it was ironic because oil was likely used in their production. He said: "The clothes that you’re wearing, to some extent, owe their existence to oil, because they were taken in a car or a truck or a van to a shop. "There are so many ways that oil impacts on your life as a protestor, but you don’t acknowledge that." Calmly, Ms Whelehan replied: "We’re talking about crop failure by 2030, we’re talking about people in this country right now in fuel poverty because of the prices of oil, and you’re talking about the clothes that I’m wearing? This is so serious." The clip, which has nearly a quarter of a million views on Youtube and has been compared to a scene from a satirical film about the Earth's impending demise, 'Don't Look Up'. Mr Madeley has since been hit with Ofcom complaints following the controversial interview. Mentioning the interview in an opinion piece for The Guardian, Ms Whelehan wrote: "The response to the interview on social media has been very supportive, but we need to translate that support into action. "If the thousands of people on Twitter who disagree with Madeley’s approach joined the actions of Just Stop Oil, the possibilities for change would be endless. "When the interview finished, I tried to speak more to Ranvir Singh and Madeley to stress how serious this is; Madeley just told me to be quiet and watched the weather presenter. "My fear is that they will only understand the reality of the climate crisis when it is on the doorstep, perhaps when the floodwater is uncontrollably trickling into their homes, or when they can no longer find food in the supermarkets. "Maybe then the brutal reality of what losing a 'liveable planet' means would actually sink in. Maybe then the journalists, presenters and climate delayers would think: 'Oh, maybe we should have listened, done something.' And, of course, it will be too late." JSO members up and down the country have been taking action against oil companies. On Tuesday a number of members of Just Stop Oil were arrested after breaching an injunction outside the Kingsbury Oil Terminal in Warwickshire. A new High Court injunction in the area allows police to use "enhanced powers to prevent and disrupt any unlawful activity". In all, more than 1,000 arrests have been made.