One claimed they had been fined for a stay of five hours in an Asda car park after popping in for more than one five-minute visit during the day. Several residents in Darwen, Lancashire, who had to return to the supermarket now say they have been saddled with hefty penalties as a result of the same issue. Courtney Brown, who lives in the town, said her partner visited the Asda in question one morning and was issued a £40 fine from Parkingeye, who manages the site. She said: "My partner went to Asda for my baby's nappies in the morning, parked up and left after five minutes. "Later on, I forgot something we needed, so he went back and then came home again after five minutes of being there. "He then received a fine saying he had been there for five hours when this was not true. We paid the fine as it was a threatening letter, saying it would go higher." READ MORE: Motorist furious at £540 fine after driving through Clean Air Zone She added: "We then got the same letter weeks later after going to the Asda again. "My partner emailed them and they didn't even check anything, they just dropped it. It seems they are charging people for no reason, it seems like a con. "We have lost money from the first time unfortunately, as we paid it so it didn't extend, but we fought the second one. “I think it's ridiculous, people should be able to travel twice to the same place without being charged. Darwen is also a very small place, there isn't much to do for five hours." Another resident, Cheryl Magee, also claimed the fine was a "massive stress and inconvenience" to her. The caregiver was fined £40, which if unpaid within 14 days, will have increased to £70. She told Lancs Live: "I went in the first time round for no longer than 20 minutes. “However, I forgot to collect my pants at Asda and then I went back in for another five minutes." Ms Magee was issued the fine through the post after her visit to the supermarket on March 22. One woman asked Parkingeye to prove that the fine she received was the same person driving, and if they could provide evidence that the car had been parked for as long as the fine stated. After bringing this up with Parkingeye, she was later informed that the fine had been dropped. A local business also stated on social media that they had written letters and made phone calls to Parkingeye about the parking issues. One shopper has vowed never to return to the supermarket again after the controversy. A Parkingeye spokesperson said: “The car park at Asda in Darwen is monitored by ANPR camera systems and has six prominent and highly visible signs that give motorists clear guidance on how to use the car park responsibly. “Parkingeye operates a BPA (British Parking Association) audited appeals process, which motorists can use to appeal their Parking Charge Notice. “If anyone has mitigating circumstances, we would encourage them to highlight this by appealing to Parkingeye. “The motorist Cheryl Magee’s PCN was cancelled following an appeal.”