Coronation Street star Alexandra Mardell spoke with Dermot O'Leary and Alison Hammond about her exit from the ITV soap on Friday's This Morning. The actress, who plays Emma Brooker will exit from the programme in scenes set to air next week. However, when asked about her highlights from Corrie, Alexandra said one of her favourite parts was being part of the McDonald family. "You have been involved in so many storylines which are absolutely incredible," Alison began. "Have you had a favourite storyline where you just thought, 'Oh, I love this storyline, this is the best'?" The actress replied: "That is such a tough question because I've loved every single one of them, they've been amazing. "I think being part of the McDonald family, finding out Steve McDonald is your dad and working with Simon Gregson, I love him to pieces." Alison chipped in: "He's lovely, isn't he? I did a haunted mansion with him and he's one of the funniest guys." READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? "He's a lovely guy," Dermot replied as Alison continued: "You must have loved...because then I suppose you started working with him a lot?" Paying a tribute to her onscreen dad, Alexandra added: "He's such a laugh to work with I miss him so much, but that's definitely got to be a favourite for me." Alexandra's character has seen some dramatic storylines since she joined the soap in 2018. Not only did she find out Steve McDonald (played by Simon Gregson) was her dad, but she's not had much luck finding love either. As Alison and Dermot played some clips of her character from over the years, Alexandra admitted to feeling emotional. "Some of those things I'd forgotten about actually," the Emma Brooker star admitted. "It was nice to see it all again." Discussing her reasons for quitting the soap, Alexandra explained she'd told show producers about a year ago that she wanted to leave. "I wanted to get the full story in before Emma left but there wasn't a particular reason for me wanting to go," she admitted. DON'T MISS...Olivia Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Olivia Frazer now? [CAST]A Place in the Sun's Danni speaks out on buyers rejecting properties [INSIGHT]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [VIDEO] She added: "I think I've had amazing stories over the past four years and it came to a nice round circle so I thought, 'Yeah, it's my time now'." The actress went on to admit it was a relief that her character wasn't being killed off so her character could make a return in the future. "The door is open for you to come back, isn't it?" Alison asked as Alexandra replied: "Yeah, it is which is lovely." As Dermot probed further about her reason for leaving, the soap star said: "It's easy to see why people stay there for years." "It's in its own timezone, everything goes so fast," she went on to say. "I still feel really new myself. "I think every actor that has worked there or ones that have left and gone back you just having a feeling where you think, 'For this character now it's time for me to go and try something else'. It is unclear how Alexandra's final scenes will play out, but Emma could end up moving to Australia. In recent scenes, Emma has grown close to Jon Spear (Jordan Ford Silver), although little does he know that the barmaid was responsible for his grandad Ted's (Duggie Brown) death. Will she end up moving and her secret will stay hidden, or will Emma have a more dramatic exit? This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.