Emotion will spark motivation today due to the passionate Scorpio Moon opposing Mercury in Taurus, however, it might spur a battle between hearts and minds. Make a conscious effort to remain grounded to spot the fruitful opportunities - and the not so beneficial ones. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for April 17. Planet Mercury rules communication and Venus rules love and relationships, and combined with the Scorpio and Taurus energies, the planet positioning creates the perfect formula for the ultimate creative powerhouse. Today, we will have “a greater need for self-expression and personal freedom, but we are also quite at ease in social situations", according to Cafe Astrology. “Original, creative ideas are easy to come by, particularly through conversations and collaboration. “We can feel inspired to think, connect, or communicate in new, fresh ways.” READ MORE: Charles and Diana were ‘credible’ and ‘tactile’ during engagement Today could be the day for more mental breakthroughs, innovative thinking - and even slightly more nervous energy. Cafe Astrology said: “With these transits, we’re not content merely recycling old ideas or performing repetitive processes, and we are quick to latch onto progressive approaches and methods. “We might stir things up or shock others with our opinions, ideas, and communications, but we also seek cooperation. “It’s a time for a special appreciation and understanding of the arts and attention to creative or romantic communications.” With the potent Mercury energy - the planet of communication - you might feel more inclined to verbalise or analyse your affections and relationships, but you might not necessarily connect with them on a deeper level. Cafe Astrology said: “On the other hand, the Scorpio Moon - which transits all day - suggests there could be a need for some emotional intensity or attachment.” Scorpio signs are known for being more sultry, secretive and mysterious. Intensity is what the Moon transiting Scorpio is all about. Cafe Astrology said: “Whether it’s passion, elation, sorrow, or desire, emotions are felt on a deeply personal level. “We are motivated by the desire to get to the bottom of things, and we instinctively read between the lines. Superficiality won’t work for us now. “The Moon in Scorpio urges us to uncover our own power, and it’s an excellent time to rid ourselves of old fears and limiting habits. Avoid manipulative tactics, brooding, and suspiciousness.” The Moon’s trine with Venus in Pisces will lend a helping hand today to make the right choices, so make sure to tap into your intuition and go with your gut.