The Liberal Democrat leader appeared on Wednesday's Good Morning Britain to chat with Kate Garraway and Richard Madeley about whether Russia should be kicked out of the UN and how the rise in national insurance will affect low paid workers. However, just minutes into the interview, viewers became annoyed with ITV host Garraway for "interrupting" Mr Davey when he was trying to speak. Discussing the sanctions against Russia, Garraway asked the MP whether Russia should be kicked out of the UN. "Absolutely," Mr Davey replied. "If I had my way out of other areas actually. "They're in too many things that give them credibility, we have to get tougher. "But I have to say if we come back to the economic sanctions... political sanctions, getting to Putin and his cronies would be to really hit him in the pocket." READ MORE: University Challenge finalists despair over drag slang round However, Garraway quickly moved the conversation to discuss the rise in National Insurance and how it may affect the NHS and care workers. "Make sure our care services and family carers," the MP began to say before the host interrupted: "To get an idea of the creative because I think you know my personal circumstances. "No one is against better funding...no one is more pro funding for the care system than me but what is your creative solution to that?" "At the moment, we don't work and don't support family carers in the way that we could," Mr Davey replied. "If we did..." he began to explain before Garraway interrupted again: "No, I agree, I understand the problem, I think everyone does." Mr Davey explained: "I think my point there if we did support them, people would be able to leave the hospital more quickly and wouldn't have to keep on going back to the hospital." Garraway chipped in before the MP could finish his sentence: "No we get it, Ed, we all get that is the way forward, I have personally experienced that. "Derek had to stay longer in hospital because of an operation because I was incapable of looking after him because he had plaster." DON'T MISS...Ozark season 4 theory: Sam to attack Wendy as fans work out major clue [THEORY]Which The Last Kingdom characters are based on real people? [CAST]‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show [REACTION] Many viewers were left outraged by the segment, and while many were frustrated at Garraway for "interrupting" the MP, others branded the interview a "car crash". Mal Harries said: "A ‘car crash’ of an interview ….. all the answers …… none costed …… and no detail. Typical of the Liberals." (sic) Nikki Middleton tweeted: "@kategarraway Well done GMB, you have put Garraway back on to let her interrupt guests, talk over people and not listening unless it’s her own voice. Kate, just listen you might learn the answer you are seeking if you give people a chance to talk." (sic) User @DonAng1968 fumed: "Here we go again Kate interrupting everyone."  While Cathy M went on to comment: "Please stop Richard Madeley and Kate Garraway from hosting this programme. Constant interruption, spout politics they know nothing about and they actually think that viewers are interested in their personal lives. Another 2 viewers lost until the real presenters return." (sic) "Kate Garraway let Ed Davey speak constantly talking over him is not going to get the answer you so desperately want, everyone one of you constantly butt in, we can never hear what they want to say so annoyingly," Debbie raged. Paul Cragg wrote: "Will Garraway please stop shouting and over-talking the guests. She really needs to be told that she has 2 ears and 1 mouth and use them in that proportion." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 