Kate Middleton, 40, is a mother of three, and will often be seen taking them to royal events where they must be on their best behaviour. Royal children have to follow more rules than the average British child would, especially at formal state occasions where the Queen is present. Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, six were both present at the memorial service for the late Prince Philip last month for example.  Kate spends a lot of time with her children and appears to be a very hands-on mother. The Duchess of Cambridge has even revealed she experiences "mum guilt" when she has to leave her children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis at home. Elaine Soller, Head of Customer Experience at Babysense spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to offer her analysis. READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham marries into astonishingly wealthy family She said: “In the eyes of many parents across the UK and further afield, Kate Middleton is seen as a fantastic parent. “She conducts herself in a strong and disciplined manner and this is often reflected through the behaviour of her children. “As many parents know, occasions such as weddings, funerals and memorial services can be a daunting time when your children are attending with you. “Especially when they’re not used to being in a sombre environment, such as Prince Phillip’s memorial service”. Elaine continued: “The memorial service would have been a special day for the whole family and there’s no doubt that Charlotte and George would have been made aware as to why the service was being held. “Therefore, it would have been a lot of information for them to take on board at such young ages. “With that being said, both children were well behaved.  “Although they’re old enough to understand when to be more reserved and not, it’s clear the parenting skills of William and Kate have had an influence on their good public behaviour and manners.” Elaine added: “Children aren’t used to having to remain still and silent for long periods of time, as it’s just not in their nature, so it’s inevitable that they will become agitated at times. “Eagle-eyed viewers would have noticed that on occasions, Kate would say ‘shh’ in Charlotte’s direction during the service. 