Nearly a quarter of free-to-use cash machines have gone out of service since 2018, according to consumer company Which?. Nearly half of bank branches are also reported to have been earmarked for closure since 2015. The recent national lockdowns moved the country further away from regular cash use, with some companies opting to accept card payments only, citing fears of Covid transmission. But campaigners have warned moving away from cash being readily available risks many Britons “being cut adrift”. Which? this week wrote to the Treasury, highlighting: “With rising living costs placing additional pressure on people's personal finances, the consequences of being unable to withdraw cash for those consumers who already rely on it could be significant.” It added: “Unless legislation is introduced urgently, the ability to access, spend and deposit cash could be permanently lost for many consumers, leaving some of society's most disadvantaged at risk of financial exclusion with no way to pay for the goods and services they need in their daily lives." Andrew Rosindell MP believes becoming a cashless society would be a “grave mistake”. The Conservative MP for Romford insisted it is “paramount” Britons continue to be able to easily access cash, describing this as “a cause worth fighting for”. Mr Rosindell told Express.co.uk: “By moving solely to digital currency and online banking, it discriminates against older people and is often more difficult for families on the lowest incomes to budget effectively. “Not only that, we cannot and should not rely on technology being responsible for our day to day lives, especially when it comes to our money. READ MORE: Elon Musk takes over Twitter as deal agreed “Many of us like knowing where our money is and being able to physically touch it.” Mr Rosindell added the campaign for cash was about more than aiding elderly consumers, not that this was a worthless cause. He stressed: “The potential of more identity related fraud also opens up too, as it exposes your personal information to a possible data breach which could be catastrophic.” DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Age UK, Fairer Since and the British Retail Consortium, among other organisations, backed Which?’s call for the Government to legislate to protect the future of cash in its next (May) Queen’s speech. It highlighted that, since 2018, 12,178 free-to-use ATMs have been cut. On top of this, 4,685 bank branches have shut their doors since 2015, with a further 226 already scheduled to close by the end of the year. Cash fears are even more significant in parts of the country which the consumer champion described as having “particular poor access to cash”. It identified 17 parliamentary constituencies with three of fewer bank branches and 30 or fewer free-to-use ATM machines. These accounted for more than 1.5million people. A spokesperson for the Treasury responded to concerns: "We know that cash remains vital for millions of people and we are committed to protecting access to cash across the UK. That’s why we have consulted on plans for new laws to make sure people only need to travel a reasonable distance to pay in or take out cash, and have already legislated to enable shops to offer cashback to customers without them having to make a purchase." They added: "We have considered responses to the consultation and will set out next steps in due course."