Manchester United are serious about signing Sergej Milinkovic-Savic this summer after a long-standing interest in his services. Lazio are preparing to receive offers from across Europe including from Bayern Munich, Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain. United are looking to bolster their squad this summer ahead of the arrival of a new manager - with Erik ten Hag leading the pack to take over. One area of the team that needs addressing urgently will be in midfield. The Red Devils are set to undergo some major changes at the end of the season when Ralf Rangnick will relinquish his managerial post and move upstairs in a consultancy role. As well as Ajax boss Ten Hag, Mauricio Pochettino is also being eyed for the vacancy. But as well as the manager's dugout, there will be a new look to the squad with plenty of players looking to leave when their contracts expire. That includes Paul Pogba, who is leaning towards a summer exit when his deal is up in June. Whether or not the Frenchman leaves, the midfield at Old Trafford is in dire need of refreshment with Scott McTominay and Fred willing but limited options. There has already been talk of the likes of Declan Rice and Aurelien Tchouameni being signed. And another target on the shortlist is Milinkovic-Savic - who has long been linked with a Red Devils switch from back when Jose Mourinho was in charge. The Lazio star has continued his brilliance in Serie A. According to CalcioMercato, via Sport Witness, United are serious about making a move for the Serbia international this summer and are plotting ways to bring him to Old Trafford. It is further stated that there are strong signals coming from the club over a potential transfer in the window. But United are not the only ones interested in the 27-year-old with Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, PSG, Juventus and Inter Milan also chasing a raid on Lazio. Carlo Ancelotti is a huge fan of the player having kept tabs on him for several years while PSG and Juve consider him a top target. While a feeding frenzy for Milinkovic-Savic's signature looks set to go ahead this summer, United might feel confident ahead of their European rivals simply from a financial point of view. Lazio have priced the former Genk star as high as €70million (£59m) which would rule out several parties. The Serbian also has some hefty wage demands, that might not be able to be met by plenty of teams across the continent while the Red Devils can meet his wishes. There is also speculation that Milinkovic-Savic would prefer a move to United over their rivals.