Louis, 51, takes part in ‘The Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up to Cancer’ on Channel 4 tonight. The British-American documentary maker puts his baking skills to the test in the charity version of the show. Joining him in the Bake Off tent are comedians Jenny Eclair and Russell Howard, and basketballer and ‘Love Island’ contestant Ovie Soko. The stars are helped by regular hosts Sandi Toksvig and Noel Fielding as they try to impress judges Prue Leith and Paul Hollywood. In this episode, which Louis introduces, the celebrities make a giant biscuit, a classic bake, and a choux sculpture showing their perfect day. Although Louis is a regular on our screens with his documentaries, he usually doesn’t speak about his life away from the cameras. However, the filmmaker once gave a rare insight into his relationship with his first wife Susanna Kleeman. In 2005, Louis opened up about tying the knot with the writer, who he first met aged 15, and lived with in New York. In an interview with the Financial Times, he said he was worried he would be arrested for his “marriage of convenience” to her. JUST IN: Tipping Point fans 'heartbroken' as slip-up costs player £20k jackpot 'I'm so gutted!' He told the newspaper: “You see, I was married. “What happened was that my girlfriend was living with me in New York. “She was having trouble finding work… legally. So, we got married, to make it easier for her. “We never really considered ourselves married in the full sense – there were no wedding photos or anything like that. “It was really a marriage of convenience. I hope that I am not going to get arrested for that.” Louis also claimed in the interview that he was not an “obsessively private” person. He said: “No. Though I do think that if you are in the public eye you have to keep something back. You don’t want to become a human soap opera.” Louis and Susanna were married in 1998 and had divorced by 2001. Today, Louis is married to BBC producer Nancy, who has worked on award-winning productions for the Corporation such as ‘Timewatch’ and ‘Imagine’. With Louis, she co-founded Mindhouse Productions, a TV company based in London. DON'T MISS: Emmerdale theory: Cain Dingle discovers he's not Faith's son as dark adoption plot exposed [LATEST]Barbra Streisand and Prince Charles' 'unforgettable' encounter during royal's naval career [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan branded 'safe to ignore' by boss Rupert Murdoch in throwback tweet [ANALYSIS] In 2019, Louis spoke about how he met his wife at a BBC Christmas party in 2002. Speaking on ‘Desert Island Discs’, he told host Lauren Laverne how the song ‘What's Luv?’ by Fat Joe, featuring Ashanti, sparked happy memories for the couple. He said: “I met my wife at a BBC Christmas party in 2002 and on our third or fourth date together, we were at a nightclub and this track came on. “And although I knew that she was very special and that I was falling in love with her, there was this kind of catalysing moment when I saw her dance. “I'd always thought of myself as a reasonably good dancer, although many would disagree. “But when I saw her, I just thought 'wow'.” ‘The Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up to Cancer’ airs on Channel 4 from 8pm tonight.