Meghan Markle took to the stage at the Invictus Games opening ceremony last weekend and made a speech before introducing and inviting her “incredible husband” Prince Harry to the stage. The Duchess of Sussex faced backlash from Invictus Games supporters and royal fans for making a public speech, with some claiming it was not her event to do so, despite her making a speech at the 2018 Invictus Games closing ceremony. Express.co.uk spoke to Tina Wilson, a relationship expert and founder of Wingman who analysed what Meghan said. Tina claimed: “Meghan and Harry are once again making sure they grab the headlines even to the extent of overshadowing the Queen's Silver Jubilee. “Prince Harry appears nervous as he is handed the microphone - he is tapping his hands and biting his bottom lip constantly. “He also appears to want to cut to the chase as he presses his index finger on his lips and points to the crowd in an attempt to stop the cheering so he can waste no time. “He informally addresses Meghan back and coughs uncomfortably and makes a little joke to divert the audience’s attention when the spotlight is on him. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's 'sexual attraction' clear in The Hague “He also fiddles with the back of his trousers or jacket which indicated he is uncomfortable or nervous,” she added. “I think that Meghan wanted to introduce Prince Harry to support him because he was potentially nervous and they could practice the handover speech in private. “My bet is Prince Harry asked Meghan to introduce him and they worked on it together. She is his ultimate cheerleader.” Tina continued: “Meghan’s demeanour is completely the opposite and addresses Prince Harry by his official title ’The Duke of Sussex’, although she does make a point of highlighting they are husband and wife on a number of occasions. DON'T MISS...Camilla officially swipes major role from Meghan Markle [NEWS]Prince Harry's family snub raises eyebrows with US TV host [VIDEO]Queen birthday: Kate and William's touching tribute [LATEST] “She also fondly refers to Prince Harry as ‘my husband’. “Their relationship is front and centre and they want to show the world they are a loving couple who are dedicated in marriage.” The expert said: “During her talk, Meghan pauses and very softly says, it is her ‘distinguished honour’ to introduce Prince Harry, even telling the audience she loves and respects him - she is wanting to communicate her love and devotion to Prince Harry and tells the world she holds him in the highest regard. “Perhaps this is a dig at the royals following all of the press and speculation about the inner conflicts in the family, and Meghan is making a point of saying their marriage is strong and long-lasting. “Meghan reminds the audience just how hard Prince Harry has worked on the games and his military achievements. “During the speech she appears upbeat and relaxed. Her body language is open and she moves her eyes around to the room to the audience. “Her demeanour is relaxed and she smiles a lot to appear friendly and is evidently thrilled to present the opening ceremony. “Meghan makes a statement about family, friendship and community, repeating the words for impact. “She also mentions their own children and name checks them - it is here towards the end of her opening speech Meghan seems to get a little emotional about her husband and family. “Her overall presentation is impeccable, and the speech seems well-rehearsed. “There are a number of strong characteristics with the way she focuses on certain words and then pauses before continuing, to that of presidential style speeches,” Tina concluded.