WARNING: This article contains major spoilers from The Pact season 1. The Pact was the talked-about thriller in May 2021, whereby the cause of an unexpected death bound five friends together who vowed to keep the truth a secret. The BBC series went down a storm with viewers and has since been renewed for a second season. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows so far about The Pact's comeback. The Pact season one saw five friends and colleagues from Evans Brewery take part in a drunken prank in the woods which they believed led to the death of their boss Jack (played by Aneurin Barnard). They agreed to keep quiet but were being blackmailed by someone unknown who was later discovered to be their friend Nancy (Julie Hesmondhalgh) who was desperate for cash due to her husband's gambling debts. By the finale, fans found out it was Anna's (Laura Fraser) daughter Tamsin (Gabrielle Creevy) who murdered Jack as she became pregnant after a one-night stand with him. They rowed about the pregnancy and when things got out of hand, Tamsin killed him. However, Nancy decided to take the fall for Jack's murder, guilty that she had tried to blackmail her friends and so went to prison in Tamsin's place. READ MORE: Kate Bliss children: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? The Pact is looking like it will become an anthology series as series two is going to follow entirely new characters. With season's one plot wrapped up, this second outing will focus on another story. Teasing what's to come, the description reads: "Christine’s family, oldest son Will, youngest son Jamie and daughter Megan, are trying to get on with their lives after the recent tragic death of their brother Liam. "As they look forward to Megan’s wedding, the family has their lives turned upside down when a stranger, Connor, arrives in town claiming a connection that nobody could have imagined. "As buried secrets come to light, they must consider who they are and grapple with morality and divided loyalty. "As their lives spiral out of control, a terrible pact may be all that can save them." Taking on the lead role of social worker Christine in season two is actress Rakie Ayola. The Welsh actress starred in the first season of The Pact as the leading detective DS Holland but will now be taking on another part for series two. Prior to this, Ayola has been in Black Mirror, No Offence, Shetland, Noughts and Crosses and My Almost Famous Family. She is also best known for playing Kyla Tyson in the BBC medical drama Holby City for five years. DON'T MISS...Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits [REAL LIFE]The Split's Fiona Button reflects on 'really sad' ending [CAST]5 questions we need answered after Peaky Blinders ending [EXPLAINER] Talking about the drama, Ayola commented: "I'm thrilled to be working again with Little Door and BBC Wales leading this talented cast to bring Pete's wonderfully mysterious story to life. "As an exec-producer on this series, it's hugely important to me to see the wealth of opportunity this production is offering both to established talent and those new to the industry both behind and in front of camera." Ayola won't be the only familiar face in the second season of The Pact either. She will be starring alongside Stella's Elizabeth Berrington, Sex Education and Line of Duty's Lisa Palfrey, Broadchurch's Matthew Gravelle and Behind Her Eyes' Aaron Anthony. The Pact is expected to return later this year on BBC One for the new six episodes. Head of Commissioning for BBC Wales, Nick Andrews, added: “‘The Pact gripped the nation, its impact spread like wildfire dominating BBC iPlayer’s most popular lists. "When asked if we would go again, it was a very easy decision to make. "It’s brilliant to be going again and fans can be reassured that you’ll be guessing the ending right up until the final credits.” The Pact season 1 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.