 The actor stars in Martin Scorsese’s ‘Cape Fear’ which airs on BBC One at 10:40pm this evening. The thriller, which also features Robert De Niro and Jessica Lange, sees brutal rapist Max Cady released from prison after 14 years behind bars. Free to exact revenge on Sam Bowden, the lawyer who attempted to keep him in jail, the devious ex-convict begins a reign of terror against his nemesis’ wife and teenage daughter.   Determined to crush Mr Bowden, Cady’s sadism causes massive tension with devastating results. Cape Fear was released in 1991, while Nick’s stock was at an all-time high. The same year he won a Best Actor Golden Globe and was nominated for an Oscar for his performance in ‘The Prince Of Tides’ while in 1992 he was named the “Sexiest Man Alive” by People magazine. Then, in 1994, audiences got to see the decade’s it-girl, Julia, star alongside Nolte in the romantic comedy ‘I Love Trouble’. Read More: Queen and Adam Lambert tour: Win VIP tickets to a show of your choice  However, the pair’s performances were panned by critics due to a lack of onscreen chemistry, while behind the scenes the friction between the co-stars allegedly led to them refusing to be on set together. According to The Telegraph, Nick and Julia’s “mutual distaste translated into a distinct lack of on-screen chemistry” which reportedly led to the pair “having to shoot some of their scenes separately.” In a 1993 interview with the New York Times, Julia admitted there was tension on the ‘I Love Trouble’ set. She said: “From the moment I met him we sort of gave each other a hard time and naturally we got on each other’s nerves.”  The actress added that Nick could be “completely charming and very nice”, but also “completely disgusting”. She continued: “He’s going to hate me for saying this, but he seems to go out of his way to repel people.” As per US Weekly, Nick, who was not impressed with Julia’s comments, responded: “It’s not nice to call someone ‘disgusting’. “But she’s not a nice person. Everyone knows that.” Don't Miss:Robert Redford's relationship with Meryl Streep once caused 'ripples'[OPINION]Paul Newman’s 'nervous' personality laid bare by Robert Redford[INSIGHT]Robert Redford's 'whole new life' with wife 19 years his junior[ANALYSIS]   Julia, who has starred in an array of Hollywood hits including Pretty Woman and Notting Hill, has since admitted that she was poor company while climbing Hollywood’s ranks. In an interview with Harper’s Bazaar UK, she said: “I was my priority, a selfish little brat running around making movies.” Indeed, Julia has locked horns with other colleagues across her four-decade career. After working with Julia on the 1991 film ‘Hook’, Steven Speilberg was asked on 60 Minutes if he would ever work with the actress again.  He replied: “No. It was not a great time for Julia and I to be working together.” Julia's personal life was in disarray when filming began as her engagement to Kiefer Sutherland had been called off just four days before their wedding. She responded to Steven’s comments years later in Vanity Fair, saying: “I saw that and my eyes popped out of my head.  “I couldn’t believe it. I couldn’t believe that this person that I knew and trusted was actually hesitating to come to my defence. “It was a hard lesson to learn. It was the first time that I felt I had a turncoat in my midst.” Watch ‘Cape Fear’ on BBC One at 10:40pm.