Starz’s highly anticipated thrilling crime series Power Book II: Ghost will soon be making its return to screen with season three. As the instalment is currently in production Gianni Paolo who starred as Brayden Weston opened up about his character’s evolution in the upcoming episodes.  Season two of the Power spin-off came to an explosive end after fans watched Mecca’s shocking (Daniel Sunjata) death. As Tariq St Patrick (Michel Rainey Jr) had paid him a visit, the teenager was now wanted by police after spotting him on the surveillance camera. However, it was his romantic partner Monet Tejada (Mary J Blige) who pulled the trigger and ended his life. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... With season three promised to be another thrilling instalment for viewers, Gianni revealed what was in store for his character, Brayden. As Tariq’s roommate and best friend, Brayden was his close confidant and the two even shared a drug distribution business together. Throughout the series, Brayden had always been the light-hearted friend, while this season saw the character be pushed out of his boundaries when he went behind Tariq’s back and dealt with his enemy Cane Tejada (Woody McClain). Although the two made up, viewers saw a different side of Brayden as he was more unafraid and stepped further away from his family‘s shadow. According to Paolo, in season three Brayden will be: “Getting darker and darker.” The actor warned Cheatsheet.com: “Just wait for it, Brayden is just getting darker and darker and deeper into the game. “I think season 3 is Brayden’s coming-out party for who he really is. You’re gonna see. I’m telling you.” The season two finale also saw the teenager pull out of studies at Stanfield University after helping Tariq’s legal woes by testifying he was behind course-correct. DON'T MISS...Power Book 4 fans ‘distraught’ as major character killed off [REACTION]Power Book 2 Season 2: Tariq star reveals main similarity with Ghost [INSIGHT]Power Book 2 season 3: Will Naturi Naughton return for season 3? [THEORY] While this may have solidified their brotherhood, there’s still a major secret Brayden is keeping from Tariq which involves his deceased girlfriend Lauren Balwin (Paige Hurd). Viewers watched in shock as Laurenn was coerced by her professor to wear a wire which could implicate Tariq for the murder of their other professor Jabari Reynold (Justin Mcmanus). Although he did pull the fatal trigger, it was a major betrayal from his girlfriend and as Tariq tried to figure a way out of this mess, he asked Brayen and Effie to take her to a secure location. This was because if the truth came out Cane would also be implicated as he was the first to shoot Jabari and Monet, his mother would have Lauren murdered for snitching. However, this was also too much for Effie and Brayden as they wanted Lauren to pay for betraying Tariq. As a result, Brayden kidnapped her while Effie killed her, all without Tariq’s knowledge.