The Vagrancy Act of 1824 technically refers to begging or asking someone for spare change, and was repealed earlier last month in the House of Commons. However, it has not been abolished yet, leading to drivers being warned of a potential fine of £1,000 when looking to park. Although it was repealed, many fear it will reach its 200th anniversary in 2024 before the final action is completed. The Vagrancy Act 1824 has become controversial in recent years, with critics claiming it criminalises the homeless. Motorists who find themselves short of change or with the incorrect coins in car parks should be aware, as it could be classed as begging under the Vagrancy Act. People could be ordered to spend a month in “the house of correction” but more likely a £1,000 fine these days - if put into action at all. READ MORE: Driver who queued for 17 minutes to pay for parking gets fined £270 Motoring expert Graham Conway, from van leasing company Select Car Leasing, spoke of the strange law and how it might affect drivers. He said: “There remain a handful of bizarre laws in this country that have the potential to land drivers in hot water. “These include having a football team’s flag flying from your vehicle and sleeping in the back seat while drunk. “But this has to be one of the weirdest.” DON'T MISSGB News guest claims electric car 'broke after a few months' [WARNING]'Is this fair?' Motorists call on classic cars and EVs to pay car tax [COMMENT]Driver handed £100 parking fine at Bristol Airport for two minute stop [SHOCKING] The act was originally introduced to address the problem of soldiers who had returned and been left destitute. It has more recently been described as “cruel and archaic”. Mr Conway added: “Thankfully, many car park payment machines now offer the option of paying with a debit or credit card. “There are also a range of mobile phone apps that make covering the cost of leaving your vehicle simple and efficient. “But everyone knows of at least one car park that is behind the times and where you can only pay with coins. “In fact, I’d wager that the vast majority of motorists still carry some sort of loose change in their console compartments in case they get caught out.” Eddie Hughes, Rough Sleeping and Housing Minister, said: “The Vagrancy Act is outdated and needs replacing, and so I’m delighted to announce the Government will repeal it in full.” This comes as a new version of the national Private Parking Code of Practice is set to be introduced to protect drivers from rogue parking operators. The new measures will reduce the maximum parking charge notice to £50 in most cases outside of London, with a 50 percent discount for early payment. The upper limit of £100 will remain in extreme cases for more serious breaches. A compulsory 10-minute grace period will also be introduced, allowing drivers to have extra time to consider the terms and conditions and change their mind about parking. In this grace period, firms cannot issue a late fine, as well as a five-minute cooling-off period. Signs and conditions of parking will also be made clearer, as well as improved guidance on how aggrieved road users can appeal a fine.