Tina Brown, author of a new book on the Royals, shared insight about the relationship between each Royal Family member. According to Ms Brown, author of ‘The Palace Papers’, William and Harry were extremely close until Harry left the Army.  She told the Telegraph relations between the two brothers is “very bad”, adding, “I’m told there’s absolutely nothing going on between them at the moment.” She continued to say that after Harry left the Army and lost the military structure that came with it, he was left “rattling around and not really knowing who he was” leading to a strain with his brother. She said: “The truth is the more charismatic prince was the younger brother. “That was very difficult because Harry had to be contained and a role found for him.   “He had all these interests in Africa and conservation, but so did William and Harry always had to play second banana.” In recent years, much has been made about the feud between Harry and William. It was reportedly sparked by William’s concerns over Harry’s fast-developing relationship with Meghan ahead of their royal wedding in 2018. Since leaving the UK in early 2020, Harry has only seen his brother twice in the flesh. Once at the funeral of Prince Philip and the other for the unveiling of a statue of their late mother Princess Diana. READ MORE: Charles and Camilla's 'LOVE CHILD' unveils new 'undeniable proof'  Ms Brown continued: “Diana insisted, much to her credit as a mother, that the two boys would be treated the same, but they were never going to be the same, that’s the problem. “Gradually, that became a major tension between them. “William had this great destiny ahead of him, he knew who he was. “For Harry, it’s like, ‘Who am I going to be – Uncle Andrew? Am I really going there?’” DON'T MISS:Marine Le Pen gains ground on ‘feverish’ Macron as final stages loomVDL vows to ‘make Putin pay’ with 6th wave of ‘heavy sanctions'Royal Family LIVE: Meghan makes 'crucial misstep' However, Ms Brown continued to paint a complex yet sympathetic picture of the Duke of Sussex as a “very insecure, fragile, hot-headed guy who never really dealt with the death of his mother and then he’s confronted by a slightly chaotic life.” She added: “He did so badly in that situation.” And although Harry had a close bond with Kate prior to her marriage to William, after the ceremony Ms Brown believes “they were the perfect couple and Harry felt like Bridget Jones”. 