Gogglebox duo Mica Ven and Marcus Luther joined the Channel 4 show in 2018 and soon became a fan favourite couple. While watching the famous clip from the 2022 Oscar Awards, Mica opened up about her journey with the medical condition alopecia and how she related to the actress. The short replay of comedian Chris Rock's "G.I Jane" joke about Jada Pinkett Smith, which backfired and resulted in a slap from Will Smith, was aired on the Friday night show. Debating the hit, Mica said: "I don't really think it was worth the slap." It was Marcus' reply which revealed his partner's condition. Understanding first-hand why Will defended his wife, he said: "I've seen how you feel about your alopecia at times. Read More: 'Been through a lot together' Cillian Murphy says goodbye to Peaky Blinders after 10 years "A woman's crown is a woman's crown." She added: "I don't think I'd expect you to get up and start slapping the s**t out of people." Relieved to hear her response, he joked: "Oh, thank God for that." Fans of the show took to social media to share their support for the TV personality.  Agreeing with Mica's husband, @minipoppit said: "Bless @MicaAndTheGang - you always look fire, your crown is perfect." (sic) Millie Sansoye declared: "Nahh Marcus and Mica are ultimate couple goals. "The banter, the flirting… they're absolutely still madly in love with each other! #gogglebox." (sic) @23Nate added: "Mica and Marcus are the best couple on #Gogglebox." DON’T MISS…All Creatures Great and Small's Mrs Hall star explains her reluctance for romance [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin heartbroken as Toyah Battersby adopts baby Alfie [SPOILERS]The Walking Dead’s Leah star promises fans zombie series will 'never really end’ [LATEST] Emma Taylor felt the same and commented: "Mica and Marcus are the stars of this show. "They're so sweet and hilarious! #Gogglebox." Since the altercation, which received global coverage, many individuals have come forward about the condition. In a 2018 episode of her talk show Red Table Talk, Jada revealed that she was "having issues with hair loss" and "it was terrifying when it first started".  The Best Actor Oscar winner Will Smith apologised for his actions at the awards ceremony a few days after the event. The 53-year-old actor has also resigned from the Academy, which means he will no longer be a voting member and will not be able to vote on nominated films. At present, the star is keeping hold of his award and will be able to be nominated for future awards. However, with the topic still being a big talking point and reviewed by the Academy, things could possibly change at a later date. Gogglebox airs Friday on Channel 4 at 9pm. 