Jeremy Vine was joined by broadcasters Lowri Turner and Henry Bonsu on Tuesday’s instalment of his Channel 5 show. The panellists were discussing the fate of Rishi Sunak and whether he should remain Chancellor of the Exchequer after his wife Akshata Murthy’s tax affairs emerged. However, one caller defended Sunak claiming he isn’t the only MP who should be scrutinised. Vine asked his viewers whether they thought Sunak was “too rich” to be the Chancellor. Maria from London vented: “We shouldn’t have a public hanging and make it personal. “I’m not a ring-wing person, my son did an apprentice scheme he’s team Rishi he’s like, ‘They guy’s brilliant, I love him.' “We’re taking a pebble and there’s a lot of bad stuff crawling underneath it and that’s the Tory Government, they’ve got to change the system. Read more: Richard Madeley blasts proposal to make avoiding chores a crime “I think we should leave him alone, I think he’s a clever man but whether his position is sustainable, I don’t know. “But I do think we should stop focussing on one individual and his family.” Vine interjected: “Hang on, when a guy is worth £600million do you think he understands the pain he causes when he increases National Insurance by 1.25 pence in the pound.” “No, I don’t,” Maria replied. “He’s uncomfortably rich but there are so many other people that are like him you would have to get rid of half the cabinet if you were going to get rid of him.  “There’s rich and then there’s Rishi rich,” Vine argued. “£2million is rich, £600million you could buy Buckingham Palace.” Taking calls from other viewers, Vine questioned: “Should Rishi Sunak quit as Chancellor over his tax affairs and being out of touch and being too wealthy?” Peter from Wolverhampton argued: “Clive James used to say that no one without a sense of humour should be in power but I think no one who hasn’t experienced hardship should be in power.” “I’m wondering if you’re right,” Jeremy replied. “I’m starting to think you need stories of people who have been brought up [with hardship]. DON'T MISSRichard Madeley called out by GMB fans for 'bullying' oil protestor [INSIGHT]'See you later!' Vernon Kay walks off This Morning after cooking jibe [VIDEO]Lowri Turner hits out at stop-oil protest 'Disrupting ordinary people' [INTERVIEW] “The [Margaret] Thatcher thing she was brought up in a very modest situation, people who wake up with ice on the windows.” Peter agreed with Jeremy but Henry interjected: “Let’s remember the Thatcher record. “Yes she grew up as Hilda Roberts from Grantham but there are an awful lot of people who suffered in the 80s whose communities still haven’t recovered 40 years later. “Although Peter I understand what you’re saying she came from modest middle-class means but they’re an awful lot of people who would rather have a rich person who thought about them differently than the way Thatcher did.” Jeremy asked Peter: “You think Rishi hasn’t got a sense of what that tax rise did to people?” “I think it was one of the most ignorant budgets I have ever seen.” Sunak’s wife announced on Friday that she would voluntarily pay UK taxes on all her income as she did not want to be a “distraction” for her husband. Jeremy Vine airs on Channel 5 on weekdays at 9.15am.