BBC Breakfast sports presenter Mike Bushell, 56, detailed his unique ritual when watching sport which prompted his wife, Emily Bushell, 42, to poke fun at him on social media. It comes as the former Strictly Come Dancing star will appear on James Martin’s Saturday Morning today. Back in December during the Ashes series, Mike took to Twitter to share his superstitions. Alongside a sped-up video of him changing his tie, Mike asked his 61,000 followers: “Anyone else superstitious when following sport? “Makes Emily chuckle when I change during games in the crazy belief it can make a difference. “Let’s see with the Ashes tie on.” READ MORE:Dan Walker laments relationships with BBC Breakfast co-stars amid exit Marketing executive Emily found the whole thing very amusing and joked: “You and your superstitions… from socks to shirts to changing rooms mid-game. It’s always fun on match day! “Note… none of it makes a scrap of difference darl.”(sic) Many of Mike’s fans also got in touch to share their own sporting rituals. Twitter user, Mark confessed: “I have a lucky shirt and lucky scarf for the football, if it's a bad game I've been known to change halfway through the game, if it's a disaster I blame the shirt I was wearing. It's actually very common and all part of the passion.” Rocky echoed: “Don’t get me started on my sport superstitions. Here’s one: I must turn the TV to another channel and leave the room if my team get a penalty.” Ann lamented: “I try the ‘my team will score if I leave the room’. Tried it seven times versus Man City but, sadly, it didn't work.” Mike and Emily have been married since 2019 after meeting in a village near his home. The BBC Breakfast has three children - Lucy, 25, Isabel, 23, and Sophie, 19 - from his first marriage to Kim Payne, who he split from in 2009. DON'T MISSRhea Perlman 'wishes' she and Danny DeVito were 'still together'[LATEST]Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’[INSIGHT]Martin Roberts in hospital with 'hours to live' after chest pains[NEWS] Emily is also a mum to one son, Josh, 13, from a previous relationship. Shortly after they wed three years ago, Emily confessed that she always “thought” she would have more children. However, following conversations with her husband they decided that expanding their family was not something they wanted to do. She said: “I thought I’d have more than one child, but life has moved on so much and we're happy. “To go back to the start again would be madness. "We’re talking about whether to get a dog or not,” Emily added to OK magazine. The couple have been going strong and often share loved-up snaps with their gorgeous black Labrador, Hunter. You can watch Mike on James Martin’s Saturday Morning on ITV at 9.25am.