A 60-year-old man allegedly had himself vaccinated against coronavirus dozens of times in order to sell vaccination cards to people who did not want to get the jab. The man, from the eastern Germany city of Magdeburg, is said to have received up to 90 shots against Covid at vaccination centres in Saxony. According to German news agency dpa on Sunday, April 3, the man carried out the racket for months until he was caught by police. The suspect was not detained but is under investigation for issuing vaccination cards without authorisation and document forgery. He was caught at a vaccination centre in Eilenburg in Saxony when he showed up for a Covid shot for the second day in a row. Police confiscated several blank vaccination cards from him and initiated criminal proceedings. By taking the jab doses the man would have been given real vaccine batch numbers to put on the cards. It is unclear what impact approximately 90 shots of Covid vaccines, which were from different brands, had on the man’s health. German police have conducted many raids in connection with forgery of vaccination passports in recent months. READ MORE: NHS updates list of coronavirus symptoms to include nine new signs It comes as in Australia, a woman is facing charges of vaccine fraud. Chapel Hill woman Susan Louise Clarke, 52, is accused of paying a vulnerable woman a sum of money to receive a Covid vaccine in her name in the Adelaide Hills in early January. Police said Ms Clarke accompanied Tania Marshall to the Mount Barker vaccination clinic and deceived SA Health workers into giving the 57-year-old the vaccine in her name by pretending to be her carer. Police said Ms Clarke needed evidence of the vaccination for her employment. In the UK, police have tweeted screenshots warning of a new scam showing fake NHS texts and websites charging people for Covid tests, ahead of the cut off to order free lateral flow tests. Mobile screenshots shared by police show a text message headed "NHS-UK ALERT! You were recently around a confirmed Omicron case. Urgently manage your vaccine or order a testing kit here:" The message then shares a link, which has been blurred out in the screenshot to prevent more people visiting the site and falling victim to the scam. Two other screenshots show a very convincing spoof of the NHS mobile website, featuring the blue banner and NHS logo across the top, and a personal information form asking for the user's full name, date of birth, mobile number, and address on the first page. On the second page, users are asked for payment information, claiming there will be a £1.34 charge for delivery, before asking for the user's payment card details, including the CVV security number. Lancashire Police tweeted: "Covid restrictions might have ended, but fraudsters' efforts have not. Criminals are using COVID testing to target the public with fake texts, but the NHS will never ask for payment/any financial details. Forward suspicious texts to 7726 (it's free!)"