Mercedes' car is in “no-mans land” and there is not a “quick fix” to the issues, warns Sky Sports F1 pundit Anthony Davidson. He thinks fans should not expect Lewis Hamilton and George Russell to get on top of their car problems quickly and said the team find themselves in a “grey area” between the front and midfield. Speaking to Sky Sports F1, Davidson explained: “The car isn't as good as the Red Bull and the Ferrari, it's in no-man's land. It hovers in the grey area where you can't challenge the front but you're certainly faster than the midfield behind you. "I do expect them to make gains... but it will take time, it's not a quick fix. And we shouldn't expect a quick fix, from Bahrain to Jeddah. There was hardly any time in between and it was basically exactly the same car that they took there." Mercedes have been unable to challenge the Red Bulls and Ferraris over the first two races of the season. The Silver Arrows lucked into a podium in Bahrain after the Red Bull pair retired in the closing stages. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton's remarkable Australian Grand Prix run likely to end However, the team were the third-fastest car in Saudi Arabia with Hamilton only good enough for tenth. The poor run of form leaves Hamilton almost 30 points behind championship leader Charles Leclerc. But Mercedes hold onto second in the constructors' standings after Red Bull scored no points at the first race Mercedes trackside engineering director Andrew Shovlin mirrored Davidson’s comments after Saudi Arabia. He admitted the team were behind the leaders but understood the team had a margin that they could use to “experiment” on the car. Shovlin said: “We're under no illusions what that performance gap is, and in Jeddah, it was ultimately a bit bigger than in Bahrain. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton and George Russell can play huge part in Mercedes plans [INSIGHT]F1 chief Rob Smedley eases Lewis Hamilton fears with clear warning [ANALYSIS]Wolff claims Mercedes car is ‘not quick enough’ [COMMENT] “We've got quite a lot to find both in qualifying and on long run if we want to challenge the Ferrari and the Red Bull cars. However, behind us it looks like we have a bit of margin to that midfield. “We need to do a good job to be ahead of them, but we have a bit of margin and that buys us a bit of breathing space to allow us to experiment on the weekends, to try and bring solutions to lift the level of performance of the car. Everyone is working very hard to try and understand the issue and bring solutions and we are going to be doing that in a phased way over the next few races.”