With the cost of living crisis underway, households are looking for ways to save money. Mark King, Managing Director of The UK's Biggest Gone Past Best Before Warehouse, Rogers Wholesale spoke to GB News about his business and how shoppers can bag a bargain when buying items in bulk that have gone past their best before date. GB News reporter Bradley Harris asked Mark: “Tell me, how does it work? It’s past its best before date but it’s still edible?” Mark explained: “Best before date is about quality, meaning past these dates, products can lose taste, texture and colour, and nothing else. “We have to remember, with today’s fantastic packaging, these products don’t just last days, or weeks, past the best before date, they can last years past their best before date. “That means we buy them from manufacturers, wholesalers, at a much-reduced price and we can pass those savings on.” READ MORE: Morrisons slashes prices on 500 items to help Britons Mark added: “With the cost of living crisis, we’re getting quite busy and more people are turning to this.” “Do you know what strikes me Mark, is how much food there is,” Bradley remarked. “This is a huge warehouse, you’ve got five of them across the country and it’s filled to the brim with food.” Mark revealed: “This one is 36,000 square feet in Manchester, this is our biggest one, and there’s something like 2,500 pallets in here at any one time of food, going through here, and it’s always going to be different, every time you shop with us. DON'T MISS...Weight loss: Woman shed 3st by focusing on portion control [INTERVIEW]Kate Middleton re-wears cream Alexander McQueen coat dress [PICTURES]Lawn care: ‘Easy’ and natural way to get rid of weeds - 'Just 3 steps' [GUIDE] “Our customers quite enjoy the fun element, it’s never going to be the same. “Some customers shop with us to see what we’ve got then buy pieces elsewhere. “We’re stopping food going to landfills, that’s the biggest message.” In the UK, 6.7 million tonnes of food is wasted every year, that’s around one-third of the 21.7 million tonnes purchased. Put simply, approximately 32 percent of food purchases each year are not eaten. Mark continued: “For many people, they are looking for bargains to cut costs, I keep saying this, this is the future of food shopping, you’re buying in bulk, it’s good food that’s going to last a while, up to a year for some items. “We see people who turn up who may have been using a food bank for a period of time, right the way through to people who turn up in very expensive cars, some people come because they want to stop the food going to landfill - environmentally. “But some people are coming here because they have to, there’s no other way for them to feed their families. “It’s a broad spectrum of people who come to our sites.” Mark also said for anyone worried about buying items in bulk, why not share them with family and friends and split the cost. Rogers Wholesale Foods buy surplus food and drink products in bulk. Anyone can buy from the warehouses, which offer an extensive range of drinks, biscuits and cakes, crisps and snacks, sweets, chocolates, food in jars, tinned and dried groceries - all perfectly safe to eat and drink - at a fraction of the cost you'd spend in the supermarket.