A video posted to social media has emerged showing Ms Sturgeon mingling with people indoors while not wearing a mask. The video was taken while the First Minister was visiting Iconic Gents Hair in East Kilbride on Saturday where she was videoed shaving a customer's beard. Jane Lax, former treasurer of the Moray Conservative Association, accused Ms Sturgeon of "sheer arrogance", reporting her to Police Scotland.  Police Scotland confirmed they had received a complaint, with a spokesperson telling Express.co.uk that it is "currently being assessed". Writing on Twitter, Ms Lax said: "I've had enough of this disdain and sheer arrogance of Nicola Sturgeon. "Someone has to report her to Police Scotland and as the opposition parties aren't holding her to account, it will have to be little old me. "It needs more than me doing it though. "I am sure that Police Scotland will not do anything about it but if we do nothing, we are complicit in her ability to mock us."  In Scotland, it is currently a legal requirement to wear face coverings in many indoor settings, including shops, bars, restaurants, public transport and at work. The legal requirement is set to be lifted on Monday when it will become guidance. The video emerged just days after the First Minister reminded the public that wearing face masks is "the best way to protect themselves and protect those they love". She called the practice of wearing a face mask a "sensible, basic precaution".  Speaking about the relaxation of the rules, Ms Sturgeon said: "I’m not saying every single person will (continue to wear masks), people will make their own decisions. "But I think, just as the vast majority of people have abided by all that we’ve asked of them over the last two years – not because politicians have been asking or the law necessarily has required it – because people understand that the best way to protect themselves and protect those they love is to abide by these really sensible, basic precautions against the spread of a virus. "We can’t keep things in law beyond a point where that is deemed to be proportionate, so we will move the face covering requirement out of law and into guidance." The relaxation of face mask rules in Scotland has been delayed twice as the country battled record numbers of Covid cases.  Case numbers in Scotland are finally dropping, with around 5,000 new cases being reported a day. In March, daily case numbers reached 12,000. Ms Sturgeon's alleged breach of the rules comes just weeks after UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak both received fines from the police for breaching lockdown restrictions. The Scottish First Minister called for Mr Johnson to resign, saying: "Tory MPs trotted out to say this is no different to teachers and nurses going to the staff room at the end of a shift for a drink, you know I'm sorry teachers and nurses did not do that at the height of lockdown, and it's insulting to suggest that that did. "Then perhaps the lowest of the low, the use of the horror and suffering of people in Ukraine, as a reason why Boris Johnson should stay in office." She added: "At a time of real serious issues for the UK to confront, surely its all the more important that in Number 10 is a Prime Minister who can lead with moral authority. "Look there are basic norms of democracy here, parliamentary democracy, particularly one on under first past the post. "Where you have often have a single-party majority, the checks and balances required for that to work properly mean that accepted rules of behaviour have to be in place." Express.co.uk has contacted the SNP and Police Scotland for comment. Express.co.uk has contacted the SNP and Police Scotland for comment. 