Leeds United are facing a summer of pressure in their attempts to keep Raphinha after the Brazilian winger's legendary compatriot, Ronaldinho, urged him to ditch Elland Road for Barcelona's Nou Camp. La Blaugrana are believed to be eyeing up the 25-year-old ahead of the summer transfer window, when the Whites may have a tough time keeping him under lock and key. Despite Leeds' collective struggle in the Premier League this season, Raphinha has once again put in good performances and solid numbers. Whites fans may steadily be growing insecure that perhaps their most talented player is itching to take on a new challenge elsewhere. Barca boss Xavi is reportedly a big fan. The pull of the Nou Camp is powerful enough on its own but Raphinha's agent, Deco, spent four fruitful years as a Barcelona player between 2004 and 2008. As if enough stars weren't already aligning for the Leeds winger to get a big move this summer, Ronaldinho has now weighed in on the situation. JUST IN: Liverpool have Mo Salah concern for Man City as Klopp admits star enduring 'tough' period "I would very much like him to come [to Barcelona], he has a lot of quality," he said, per The Mirror, "He would fit in very well with Spanish football due to his playing characteristics. In my opinion, Barcelona is the best and the biggest club in the world. Very few have the opportunity to play for a club like Barcelona." Ronaldinho was in the prime of his career at Barca, collecting the coveted Ballon d'Or back in 2005. He also notched close to 100 caps for Brazil, lifting the world cup with the Selecao in 2002 - his words are therefore clung onto more than most. Raphinha has been on the national scene since last year, and he has already racked up three goals in seven senior caps. A move to Catalonia would see him follow an illustrious lineage of fellow Brazilians to have worn the famous colours including Neymar, Rivaldo and Ronaldo. DON'T MISS...Shaun Goater names two next Man City boss options that would annoy ArsenalSimon Jordan responds after Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp declared he's not a fan of punditMan Utd icon Wayne rooney trolls Gary Neville over 'highlight' of his career The trickster will reportedly be available for a meagre £21million this summer if Leeds are relegated from the Premier League, due to a release clause in his contract. If they stay up, however, the Whites are at liberty to set their own price, and a steady upturn in form under Jesse Marsch has left them eight points clear of relegation trouble as the table stands. Reports indicate that Barcelona, who are still strapped for cash after years of reckless spending, are only willing to throw £34m on the table to tempt Leeds into doing business. It seems reasonable to predict that the Yorkshire side will hold out for a significantly greater sum than that. Another option could be for Raphinha to hand in a transfer request in an attempt to force through an exit, but it remains to be seen whether the player would take such action after spending two seasons as a firm fan favourite at Elland Road.