Long-serving Emmerdale stars Lucy Pargeter, 45, and Emma Atkins, 47, opened up about their apprehension when they found out they would be filming a food fight outdoors in the middle of January. The actresses, who have played Chas and Charity Dingle on the show for around 20 years, said shooting the scene was “awful”. The brawl came after the cousins had been at war for weeks as Chas struggled with losing the Woolpack and Charity took over as the new landlady. After the revelation that Chas had tried to sabotage the boozer’s reopening, Charity went to confront her and the row ended in a massive food fight. In an interview with Express.co.uk and other press, Emma described her dread after reading the script. The mother-of-one said: “We immediately had a Zoom call with [our producer] Laura and we were like, ‘What is going on? Why are we doing this in the middle of winter?’ READ MORE:Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show “We were throwing chocolate at each other, cold chocolate!” Lucy then chimed in: “The thought of doing a food fight at the village which is at least 20 degrees colder than anywhere else in the world, in January, involving wet food, was not appealing at all. “It was awful!” Despite the less-than-ideal circumstances, Emma was still able to look on the bright side. She explained: “Weirdly, adrenaline always seems to kick in in these moments. “I actually had a really good time! In one of the takes, I pulled a blinder at the end of the scene. Charity grabs something, I won’t say what it is." Lucy then laughed: "And fills her face!" The pair were referring to the moment Charity shoved a handful of homemade potato salad and rubbed it in Chas’ face. DON'T MISSNaga Munchetty hits out as BBC viewer asks if she 'forgot to get dress[LATEST]Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row[INSIGHT]Mark Labbett announces new show after he's axed from The Chase US[NEWS] It comes after Emma celebrated her 47th birthday with Charley Webb, who played her daughter Debbie Dingle. Charley shared a snap of the festivities to her 561,000 Instagram followers. The selfie saw Emma wearing a “Birthday Queen” headband and Charley added the caption: “Tea and cake for the birthday girl.” Last month, the pair also reunited with their Emmerdale colleagues including Jeff Hordley who plays Cain Dingle, Zoe Henry who plays Rhona Goskirk, and Belle Dingle actress Eden Taylor-Draper. The group looked like they were having a whale of a time as they posed for pictures. Charley captioned the post: “I will forever love my old work family. “My heart feels so full and grateful they came into my life all those years ago. They will last a lifetime.”