Mikel Arteta has been left with a huge selection dilemma after it was confirmed that Kieran Tierney has been ruled out of the rest of Arsenal's season through injury. Tierney missed Monday's defeat to Crystal Palace with a knee problem, which the Scot now needs surgery to repair. That surgery will leave him on the sidelines for several months, with serious doubts he will even be fit enough to take part in Scotland's World Cup qualification play-off campaign. Tierney had only started 14 of Arsenal's Premier League games this season, with the left-back suffering a number of injury issues over recent years. Nuno Tavares has mainly deputised in his place, making 21 appearances in all competitions this term. The Portuguese's best spell came in the Autumn, when he started six successive games in the top-flight. But since then, the summer signing from Benfica has come in for heavy criticism, being hauled off after just 35 minutes in the FA Cup third round defeat to Nottingham Forest. He was also at fault for Palace's second goal, leading to him being subsituted at half-time and being blasted by Jamie Carragher. READ MORE: Arsenal told to sign 'perfect fit' Abraham as striker teases PL return "He is at fault for the second goal, but it is not just this goal, Arsenal have to bring him off and make a change, I will be very surprised if he comes out for the second half. You have to admire the goal from a Crystal Palace point of view," Carragher told Sky Sports. "It is something you are taught as a young kid, if you are a defender, you have always got to think that the player next to you is a dummy, and a poor player. Tavares stops, and Ayew keeps running because he thinks Gabriel is going to miss it, Tavares thinks he (Gabriel) is going to cut it out, but he doesn’t." DON'T MISS: Arsenal provide Takehiro Tomiyasu and Thomas Partey injury updates (INJURIES)Arsenal 'cool' interest in Dominic Calvert-Lewin in new development (TRANSFERS)Goater names two next Man City boss options that would annoy Arsenal (INSIGHT) With Tavares having failed to impress, it would be unlikely to see him trusted by Arteta to take Tierney's place for the rest of the season. Granit Xhaka has been deployed as an emergency left-back on occassion, and filled in there when Tavares was hooked at Selhurst Park. Potentially the best option for Arteta from among his current squad could be to move Bukayo Saka to full-back. Saka has 21 appearances at left-back over the course of his career, though moving him would remove one of Arsenal's best attackers. With no clear solution, Arteta has been left with a huge headache as the Gunners chase a place in the top four.