NCIS Hawaii is one of the latest spin-offs in the NCIS universe. The show follows a team of Naval criminal investigators who operate on the Hawaiian islands. After a recent crossover between NCIS stars Wilmer Valderrama and Katrina Law when they headed to Hawaii to revisit an old case spiked fans' interest, the next episodes of the spin-off show has been delayed until later this month. Currently, 18 episodes into season one of the spin-off, NCIS Hawaii, launched in September 2021. Led by the first female Special Agent in Charge of NCIS Pearl Harbor, Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey), a team of specialists balance their duty to their families and country while investigating high-stakes crimes. Usually airing on Mondays in the USA, the next episode of the show has been halted due to sports coverage of the NCAA basketball competition next week. It will also be delayed a further week, with preemptive coverage of the 2022 CMT Music Awards taking place the following week. Read More: 'Been through a lot together' Cillian Murphy says goodbye to Peaky Blinders after 10 years  The plan laid out by CBS is to bring the show back on Monday, April 18, for American viewers. Season one, episode 19 will be titled Nurture, and the show's broadcaster has released a synopsis of the future episode to tide fans over hopefully. It reads: "'Nurture' – The NCIS team investigates a shipwreck carrying exotic animals that now threaten the native wildlife on Oahu. "Also, Alex (Kian Talan) sustains a career-ending injury and Kai (Alex Tarrant) asks Melanie (casting yet to be announced), a fish and wildlife agent, out on a date, on the CBS Original series NCIS: HAWAI'I, Monday, April 18 (10:00-11:00 PM, ET/PT) on the CBS Television Network, and available to stream live and on demand on Paramount+*."   The synopsis is packed with potential drama. It teased romance, a big incident and animals causing mischief. NCIS as a franchise is going from strength to strength, with CBS recently announcing the renewal of several of its shows. Starter show NCIS isn't going anywhere, and spin-off NCIS Hawaii will be returning for season two, and NCIS Los Angeles will also be back for season 14. DON’T MISS…All Creatures Great and Small's Mrs Hall star explains her reluctance for romance [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin heartbroken as Toyah Battersby adopts baby Alfie [SPOILERS]The Walking Dead’s Leah star promises fans zombie series will 'never really end’ [LATEST]  CBS boss Kelly Kahl last month announced: "NCIS, one of the most popular and enduring series in the world, and fan favorite NCIS: Los Angeles have been hugely successful on the CBS schedule for years. "With the strong new addition of NCIS: Hawai'i, we are able to expand the strength of this formidable franchise across our schedule. "We couldn't be more excited to have all three talented casts and creative teams back to bring more compelling NCIS stories to viewers in the US and around the globe." (sic) The recent crossover between NCIS and the Hawaiian team could also tease fans about possible other future linked cases.    