With a new manager set to be appointed this summer, many are expecting a major shakeup at Manchester United in the transfer window. With hopes of returning to the Champions League and becoming title contenders again, the Red Devils are weighing up whether Christopher Nkunku could help their revival. The Frenchman has been one of the best performing players in the Bundesliga this season and is capturing the attention of several clubs. Nkunku has 17 goals and 12 assists in 29 league appearances for RB Leipzig and looks ready-made for a move to the Premier League. According to Sky Sports, United has held internal talks about Nkunku and the 24-year-old has been given the seal of approval by interim boss Ralf Rangnick. However, the Red Devils are reluctant to enter talks with Leipzig over the versatile playmaker because they feel there are other options already in the squad. Nkunku has played a variety of positions over the course of this season which would make him a prized asset for any team. The former Paris Saint-Germain player has played on the wing, as a striker, in central midfield and as a no.10 for Leipzig and would therefore provide United with depth all over the pitch. READ MORE: Antonio Conte using same Romelu Lukaku trick on Dejan Kulusevski with two things banned Reports circulated in January that Rangnick was pushing for the signing of Nkunku, but the higher powers at the club decided against any business in the mid-season window. They wanted to ensure that any signings made were by the new long-term boss and would rather Rangnick go without reinforcements so that they could offer a bigger budget in the summer. Though they may have already paid the consequences for that as the Red Devils are currently sitting in the seventh spot in the Premier League and are six points off of fourth-placed Tottenham with just seven games remaining. Without Champions League football next season – or potentially even Europa League – United could struggle to attract the talent that they need to become the force of old. DON'T MISSChelsea's expected XI to launch heroic Real Madrid comeback with Timo Werner snubbed [TEAM NEWS]Arsenal chief Edu left with egg on his face after double Kulusevski mistake [OPINION]Dele Alli struggles blamed on Everton as Neil Warnock makes wild transfer claim [QUOTES] But it may not just be United’s squad that will need a revamp in the summer. According to ESPN, Rangnick was infuriated in January that the club had no scouting reports on Nkunku despite his impressive form. The former Leipzig boss was ‘startled’ that the France international was not even considered as a potential target at the time. It remains to be seen whether United’s new manager has a clear out of the players in the squad that are surplus to requirements in the summer, which could therefore create space for Nkunku.