The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel actress Judi Dench has addressed ruling out marriage with her partner of 11 years, conservationist David Mills. In an unearthed interview, the acting legend, 87, candidly shares her thoughts on marrying her partner of over a decade, adding that they needed to "pull themselves together" following the thought. it comes as the star is appearing as Evelyn Greenslade in The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel tonight. David and Judi began dating in 2010, nine years after the death of Judi’s first husband of 30 years, Michael Williams. When asked about the prospect of marrying for a second time, the star revealed that marriage wasn't on the cards for her and beau. Judi staunchly said: "He is not going to propose. "No, no, no, no, no. READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham and wife issue plea for Ukraine after £3m nuptials "Let's just pull ourselves together and be our age!" she added. David chipped in: "We talked about that but I think we are far better off as we are as we have got two separate houses. "And we are either in one or the other and we are four miles apart," he added to Good Housekeeping magazine. Elsewhere, David went on to admit that he found the beginning of his relationship with the Calendar Girls actress a little "daunting". However, eventually David told how it became normal having a partner in the limelight, and he admitted he "found it all fine". Appearing at the RHS Chelsea Flower show together last year, former dairy farmer David said: "Initially it was a bit daunting but we go everywhere. "It has made me famous but I have found it all fine. "I have met all the Hollywood stars, I get on well with them." DON'T MISS... Simon Cowell, 62, unrecognisable at Kids Choice Awards [UPDATE]Al Pacino, 81, and Jagger's ex Noor Alfallah, 28 'getting on well' [INSIGHT]George Alagiah leaves fans tearful at BBC return amid cancer battle [ANALYSIS] David continued: "I am not an actor you see. "I am not competition to them and that is how it works," he added. It comes as the star admitted that her eyesight is not as it was, with the Oscar-winning actress revealing she often has trouble recognising people due to her deteriorating sight. The actress suffers from macular degeneration, a common age-related condition that affects the middle part of a person's vision Judi has since told how it's caused a few problems on set, most notably recognising her colleagues and learning her lines. During the pandemic, Judi headed back to work to film new release Belfast, a black and white coming of age movie set in 1960s Northern Ireland. At the European premiere for the film, which took place during the London Film Festival earlier this month, Judi went into more detail about the problems the condition causes her at work. "I kept going up to the wrong person, having a conversation, and they'd say: 'I'm not who you think I am,'" she told the Daily Mail. The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel airs tonight at 10.40pm on BBC One.