Mr Maddox explained the current unrest in the Conservative party as Tory members turn on Mr Johnson over his rule breaks. Whilst others stick by the Prime Minister and accept his apologies. The political editor claimed that Mr Johnson's own MPs had allowed the net to close in on him and discussed 'ambitious' MPs, referring to Mark Harper and Steve Baker. Both 'ambitious' MPs Mark Harper and Steve Baker had called for Mr Johnson to resign over his failures. Mr Maddox also went on to claim that Boris bring in more Conservative voters than other alternatives for the position of Prime Minister of the UK.  Mr Maddox told GB News: "I think you're probably right, I mean my article was really based on the fact that I can see the net closing in on him. "And his party to a large extent or the MPs in his party have allowed that to happen. "In some cases encouraged that to happen, I mean some of them are of course ambitious, themselves. "Mr Baker and Mr Harper, I agree with you I have no doubt that... I think the Conservatives would have won the last election. "But they wouldn't have won by a bigger amount, I mean Boris has a cut through that none of the alternatives have." Mark Harper ex-chief whip and Steve Baker a Conservative politician have both been calling for the Prime Ministers' resignation due to his rule breaks. Mr Harper handed in a letter of no confidence for Mr Johnson to the 19922 committee earlier this week. Mr Harper told the Commons this week:  "I strongly support the Government's actions in standing up to Putin's aggression and helping Ukraine defend itself and our values and it's exactly at times like this that our country needs a Prime Minister who exemplifies those values. "I regret to say that we have a Prime Minister who broke the laws that he told the country they had to follow, hasn't been straightforward about it and is now going to ask the decent men and women on these benches to defend what I think is indefensible. "I'm very sorry to have to say this, but I no longer think he is worthy of the great office that he holds."  READ MORE: Macron delivered hammer blow as poll finds Le Pen 'more in tune with daily issues' And Mr Barker demanded Boris resign immediately, after insisting Mr Johnson's time was up. After paying the fines imposed on him by the MET, Mr Johnson Addressed MPs in the Commons, following the Easter break, the Prime Minister said: "I take this opportunity on the first available sitting day to repeat my wholehearted apology to the House (of Commons). "As soon as I received the notice, I acknowledged the hurt and the anger, and I said that people had a right to expect better of their Prime Minister. "It did not occur to me then, or subsequently, that a gathering in the Cabinet Room just before a vital meeting on COVID strategy could amount to a breach of the rules. I repeat that was my mistake, and I apologise for it, unreservedly." 