Trostianets mayor Yuriy Bova said officials had discovered traces of the deadly substance sarin and other chemical substances. Sarin is a clear and odourless substance that is classed as a potentially lethal nerve agent. The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has warned it is considered to be among the most toxic and rapidly acting of known chemical warfare agents. Mr Bova said in comments published by the National News Agency of Ukraine: "We found the remains of chemical weapons in the village of Bilka—sarin and other substances. "We discovered ampoules. The Security Service of Ukraine is currently working on this. In a further chilling warning, the mayor added: "It is possible that the occupiers wanted to use this chemical to strike Kyiv, Poltava or other cities." The comments come just days after Ukraine accused the Russian military of using chemical weapons against troops in the under-fire and besieged city of Mariupol. The Azov Regiment, a far-right nationalist unit of the National Guard of Ukraine, said three people had been poisoned after a drone dumped a mystery chemical on terrified troops. One of the troops injured in the reported attack described the terrifying explosion and a "sweet-tasting" white smoke. Another of the victims caught in the alleged poisoning said he quickly started struggling for breath and collapsed with the feeling of having "cotton legs". Over the past few days, Western forces have been desperately trying to verify the poisoning claims. READ MORE: Putin energy hammerblow as Italy signs huge gas deal - Draghi demands The US has been cautious over comments on the attacks, but the Pentagon has said the issue is "deeply concerning". Washington warned it was "reflective of concerns that we have had about Russia's potential to use a variety of riot control agents, including tear gas mixed with chemical agents". US President Joe Biden and NATO has previously warned the West could directly get involved in Russia's war with Ukraine if Moscow was found to be using chemical warfare. A number of US lawmakers, including Florida Republican Representative Michael Waltz, have backed called for NATO to become more involved in the conflict if Russia is found to be using deadly chemical weapons. DON'T MISSPutin and Xi to exploit Brexit Achilles heel and spark 'chaos' [INTERVIEW]Former NATO commander rules out Crimea returning to Ukraine [COMMENTS]Thousands of refugees return to Kyiv - John Marrone [OPINION] He told Fox News: "President [Joe] Biden should have been setting red lines from the beginning with the use of weapons of mass destruction. "I believe that red line...that would be the line for NATO to become directly involved. "We cannot allow chemical weapons, or God forbid, tactical nuclear weapons, to be the next rung in the escalation ladder that we allow Putin to go to  The UK's armed forces minister James Heappey also warned "all possible options" would be taken into account regarding a response from NATO troops. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said the claims would be investigated. He has warned the use of chemical weapons would mark a "new stage of terror" against his country. 