Archie Mountbatten-Windsor was born in May 2019, and is the older brother of the Sussexes’ ten-month-old daughter, Lilibet Diana. Although young Archie did not cross the Atlantic from California to The Hague with his parents, he still enjoyed the action of the Games and "can’t wait" for more, Prince Harry has divulged. The young Windsor has seen snippets of the 2018 Invictus Games in Sydney, which he was enthralled by, according to his father. Harry told PEOPLE: "I showed Archie a video of wheelchair basketball and rugby from the Invictus Games in Sydney, and he absolutely loved it." He added: "I showed him how some were missing legs and explained that some had invisible injuries, too. "Not because he asked, but because I wanted to tell him. "Kids understand so much, and to see it through his eyes was amazing because it's so unfiltered and honest." The fifth Invictus Games, which will finish on Friday, were set up by the Duke to showcase the achievements of injured or sick military servicemen and women. The first Games were launched back in 2014, before Prince Harry married Meghan, and prior to Archie and Lilibet’s births. He described: "Being a dad certainly adds another emotional layer to it." READ MORE: Harry hints at bringing Archie and Lili to UK to meet Queen He continued: "When I was in the Army, I promised myself I would be out before having a wife and kids, because I couldn't imagine the heartache of being apart for so long during deployment, the risk of possibly getting injured, and the reality that my family's lives could be changed forever if that happened." Prince Harry served in the armed forces for a decade, during which he completed two tours of Afghanistan. He said: "Every member of the Invictus community has experienced varying degrees of these things. "I have tremendous respect for what they and their families sacrifice in the name of service." DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Would you welcome Harry and Meghan back to live in the UK [VOTE] Beaming Queen in her element as she poses with ponies for birthday pic [REPORT] Harry accused of 'taking advantage' of Queen for Netflix documentary [ANALYSIS] The Prince’s career and personal life are bound up in the Invictus Games, and the people he called his "Invictus family". The Duke and Duchess of Sussex first debuted their relationship at the 2017 Invictus Games in Toronto, describing the Invictus crowd as the “perfect community” to share this first public appearance with. Prince Harry commented: "There is nowhere you can feel more embraced and supported than with the Invictus family." He went on to say: "The Toronto Games were our first time out and about publicly in an official way. "We were dating at the time, so it was a lot to take in, but fortunately, we were with the perfect community for that. "Now, five years later, here we are in The Hague at the fifth Invictus Games, as parents of two, and living in the US. "I had always wanted to share these incredible moments with someone special, and to have Meg by my side means everything." Harry shared his wish for Archie to achieve his goals and dreams, but his hope for his character to match "what we see before us today" at the Games. He said: "What I remind him is that no matter what you want to be when you grow up, it's your character that matters most, and nothing would make his mum and me prouder than to see him have the character of what we see before us today."