Aries (Mar21/Apr20) You might start to realise that you have been expecting too much from some people. They may not share your dreams and aspirations or someone lacks the skills or knowledge to carry out jobs to the standard demanded of them. Taurus (Apr21/May21) You are tuned into the feelings of those around you and you feel sympathetic to their needs. You can sense what your family and friends expect from you and when you feel it is necessary you will go out of your way to please them. Gemini (May22/June21) There's nothing predictable about the start of the week and this is just the way you will like it. You have been hoping for something exciting to happen and you won't be disappointed. Communication is a key factor to all relationships. Cancer (June22/July23) A reduction or discount on an item you need to buy will give you something to be pleased about. You will need to find out more about what a developing situation might mean to you. It will be a while before you feel you have been told everything you need to know. READ MORE: Horoscopes & love: Taurus to expect day of ‘emotional extremes’ Leo (July24/Aug23) Travel will be extra pleasant. If you're offered a chance to join a group outing, grasp it with both hands. You will have a good time at a surprisingly low cost. The main menace facing you mid-week is the temptation to take on more than you can handle. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) Spirits may be low as the week begins when disappointing news will make everyone a little glum. Even though you half expected this to happen, you were still hoping for the best. Problems can be rectified but you need time to look at the situation from a different angle.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) When you look at all you have achieved so far this year you will be amazed by how your confidence in yourself has grown. Your ability to cope with an ever-changing array of duties, responsibilities and pleasures will astound others too. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) Environmental and political issues will all come up in conversation. Try not to impose your will on younger family members. Give them a chance to form their own decisions. Although your boss won't object to anything you are doing, they may not be as committed as you are. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) People will look to you for advice and guidance. Don't be surprised when you end up teaching someone how to manage tricky tasks similar to ones you have tackled with success in the past. An uphill struggle you recently faced is not going to be repeated. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) Rewards will come from past hard-working efforts but you won't spend a lot of time thinking about this. It is the future that interests you most now. A fresh shot of hope and inspiration will help if you have links with the media or one of the caring professions. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) A restless feeling makes you want something new and different to do. You need to find an outlet for your emotions. There's a strong urge to splurge on luxury items, entertainment and romance. Have you considered the cost? Pisces (Feb20/Mar20)