ITV’s must-watch talent show has returned to shine a spotlight on some of Britain’s most promising rising stars. This week’s auditions featured a jaw-dropping escape act from a Houdini-inspired performer from Italy, Andrew Basso. Britain’s Got Talent fans were awestruck by his daring escape, though some of them took to Twitter to pick apart the circumstances of his death-defying act. Escape artist Andrew received a divisive reception from BGT fans after his act appeared to go wrong in the crucial last seconds. Andrew began by requesting a helping hand from judge Amanda Holden, who placed him in handcuffs. He was then dangled upside down and submerged in a tank of water, giving him just a few minutes to stop himself from drowning. Amanda, David Walliams, Alesha Dixon and Simon Cowell all struggled to watch as it took Andrew over three minutes to free himself from his cuffs. READ MORE: Owain Wyn Evans husband: Who is the BBC Breakfast star married to? Simon held his face in his hands and admitted: “This actually does freak me out.” Presenters Anthony McPartlin and Declan Donnelly were equally tense as the performance neared the three-minute mark. Screams started to be heard from the audience as they realised his music had run out. Alesha asked her fellow panellists: “Is this part of the act?” Thankfully, moments later, Andrew managed to unlock the restraints on his feet and emerged with three minutes and three seconds on the clock. The judges, Ant and Dec were clearly all relieved as Andrew jumped down from the tank unscathed. However, some viewers weren’t won over by his performance and claimed the escape artist intentionally took longer to keep the audience on their toes. @TinyPurplePug tweeted: “Oh no he’s finally out the tank after making the audience think he was stuck.” DON'T MISS:Moon Knight crew member exposes meaning behind hippo god twist [INSIGHT]NCIS LA season 13: Callen and Anna on verge of split [THEORY]Gogglebox backlash: Shirley called out for ‘insulting’ co-star [REACTION] @philm2244 wrote: “Oh, he escaped in the nick of time. What a surprise! Not. So predictable.” Some viewers also thought the pre-filmed auditions took some of the excitement out of the escapologist act. Amy fumed: “If that wasn’t staged, the crew would have rushed on to get him out… it’s embarrassing how fake this show is.” And Julie Young said: “Oh come on this is all staged! This programme is so false. How come the camera just happens to focus on people talking in the audience?” Others also accused Andrew of using faulty equipment he could easily undo during the act. @LenzoToggz said: “#BGT Who makes these s**t handcuffs that can be undone with a f*****g paperclip?” The last act of the night clearly drew a mixed response from the crowd, though there was still plenty to enjoy this Saturday evening, from a gospel choir to David’s emotional golden buzzer. Britain’s Got Talent airs Saturdays at 8:15pm on ITV and is available to stream on ITVHub.