Rapper Travis Scott has been on-and-off with TV personality Kylie Jenner since 2017 after hitting it off at Coachella. The couple welcomed their first child Stormi 10 months later and in February 2022, Jenner gave birth to their second, son Wolf. However, there are now questions on whether or not he will star alongside his girlfriend in the new Hulu and Disney+ series about the famous family. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Kardashians.Keeping Up With The Kardashians may have finished last year but they didn't let the grass grow under their feet for very long. At the end of 2021, it was revealed a new revamped series would be on its way but this time, simply entitled The Kardashians, which would air on Hulu and Disney+ in the UK. Mum Kris Jenner, as well as Kourtney, Kim, Khloe and their half-sisters Kylie and Kendall Jenner, will once again star. Their partners are also expected to play major parts in the reality series but will Travis Scott be returning? READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts In November 2021, eight people died and dozens were left injured after a crowd tried to make their way towards the stage during Scott's Astroworld Festival at Houston's NRG Park. At the time, it was revealed that he would cover all funeral costs and provide further help to those who had been affected by the events at the festival. He didn't attend the premiere of The Kardashians alongside the rest of the family which caused some to believe that he wouldn't feature. However, Scott reportedly “thought it was best” that he didn't attend due to the Astroworld Festival tragedy happening so recently. A representative of the 30-year-old rapper told HollywoodLife: “Travis thought that if he was at the premiere, he would have taken away from what the night was meant to be. "He has a lot of things to deal with and if he was out at a premiere having a fun time, he knows exactly how that would look like." There have been some conflicting reports on if Scott will be in the new Hulu series as a result of the devastation at the festival. A source informed Radar that he had been "edited out" of the show. DON'T MISS...'Can't stand to look!' Meghan and Harry blasted over security row [ROYAL]Kourtney Kardashian forced to explain 'frugal' to Kendall Jenner [EXPLAINER]Kim Kardashian sobbed after son Saint, 6, saw advert for her sex tape [CAST] But a Kardashian representative later told the publication that this was "absolutely false". At the time, they stated that "Travis has actually not yet been filmed". While it is believed Scott will be in The Kardashians as planned, Express.co.uk has approached Disney+ for comment. The eagerly anticipated reality show has since kicked off on the streaming service. The Kardashians premiered on Thursday, April 14, on Disney+ and Hulu. The show will be made up of 10 episodes with a new one dropping every Thursday. As long as there are no scheduling delays, the grand finale should air on Thursday, June 16. The Kardashians continues every Thursday on Hulu in America and Disney+ in the UK.