Ex-Manchester United goalkeeper Tomasz Kuszczak has blasted the club's recruitment policy that has helped to shape the Red Devils' squad over the past few years, calling for yet another shake-up in the playing staff at Old Trafford. And the former Polish shotstopper has claimed that only David de Gea and Dean Henderson are 'safe' at the club ahead Erik ten Hag's arrival. United sit sixth in the Premier League and have failed to impress in any of the competitions they have been in all season. Early domestic cup losses to Middlesbrough and West Ham and their round-of-16 loss to Atletico Madrid in the Champions League spelt yet another trophy-less campaign for the fifth year in a row. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked in November, and whilst current interim boss Ralf Rangnick was expected to 'steady the ship' in the bid to at least qualify for the top four, that has also failed to happen. Ten Hag will come in over the summer with a huge rebuilding job on his hands, and the Dutchman is expected to make wholesale changes if United are to become top four candidates once again. But according to Kuszczak, there are only two players worth keeping in De Gea and Henderson. "Obviously, I expect a lot of changes," Kuszczak told the Daily Mail. READ MORE: Man Utd may be about to sign their own 'Xavi and Andres Iniesta' for Erik ten Hag "I want to see my beloved team playing at the right level and not conceding nine goals against Liverpool in one season and two games. It's shocking and every position is under question, apart from the goalkeeper. David [De Gea] and Dean [Henderson] are very strong. Those are the only two who are safe. "The rest, each position you look at there's always questions. [Cristiano] Ronaldo is doing very well but he's getting on now and can't be given so much responsibility at the age of 37. But in summary every part of the team needs to be changed! Obviously, the whole process from last season has come to an end. A lot of disappointment." Kuszczak evidently still cares about the club and believes they can return to the former glories they endured whilst he was there. However, the Polish star believes that will only come with the admittance that the team is heavily underperforming. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag ‘pushes Man Utd’ into exploring free agent transfer this summer[REPORT]Mohamed Salah leaving Liverpool could deliver huge blow to Erik ten Hag's Man Utd plans [TRANSFERS]Barcelona identify third summer transfer as vultures descend on Erik ten Hag's Ajax side [GOSSIP] "We've brought in a new manager and he's tried to change things within the team, but we're now in a place where we have to be honest, admit this team is underperforming and change the players," he continued. "We've been through so many managers now and I think it's time the players go. If Manchester United want to get back on the right track and start performing again, they need fresh blood. "It all depends though on how the new manager wants to play. The philosophy of Manchester United has always been attacking football and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer tried that. [Ralf] Rangnick tried that and it doesn't work. Two different managers in the past 12 months with the same core squad and nothing works." 