GB host Dan Wootton laid into the Duchess of Sussex’s attempt to trademark the word as “crass commercialisation”, proclaiming she is “about as far from a victim as you could possibly get”. Megyn Kelly, who spoke to Mr Wootton on her namesake show, echoed the sentiments, saying she was going to “fight the patriarchy” by “giving up her entire career” as well as her religion, country and family “for a guy”.  She said: “She has decided that she wants to trademark a word that is 436 years old, the word is ‘archetype’. “She wants to use it in the context of women Dan because she’s a champion for female empowerment. “So she’s going to fight the patriarchy, after giving up her entire career, her entire religion, her country and her family for a guy.” Mr Wootton responded by labelling the move as “ridiculous” as well as slamming Meghan’s rebrand as a “victim”.  He said: “You might say Megyn this is an archetypal Meghan Markle move because it’s just crass, isn’t it? “It’s crass commercialisation that makes no sense, it’s like you're making tens of millions of dollars from Spotify, you don’t have to try and own a word. “It reminds me, Megyn, of when Victoria Beckham tried to trademark the word ‘posh’ and she was roundly condemned for it, because it's ridiculous. “I can use the word archetype in whatever context I want, I'm afraid Meghan. READ MORE: Prince Andrew photo row erupts at lavish London art club  “But it just shows you how bad their advice is and how they are surrounded by these ridiculous Hollywood types who think like celebrities. “I feel that Meghan’s rebrand is just to say ‘I’m a victim’ and she’s about as far from a victim as you could possibly get.” Asked by Ms Kelly if people in the US or Brits were interested in hearing from Meghan Markle, Mr Wootton replied “absolutely not” and gave the Spotify Joe Rogan debacle as an example. He said: “Absolutely not, and what I found so hilarious, Megyn, was when the other Meghan said ‘oh goodness me maybe I’m going to leave Spotify unless they sack Joe Rogan’. DON'T MISS:  ‘Silence says it all’ Harry left in awkward silence after question  [REVEAL] Charles and Camilla's 'LOVE CHILD' unveils new 'undeniable proof' [INSIGHT] 'Massive slap in the face' GB News host slams Harry's security demands [SPOTLIGHT]   “Obviously Spotify said ‘hang on, Joe Rogan ain’t going anywhere’ and then she said ‘oh in that case I’m ok with it’. “When push comes to shove, she will share a platform with Joe Rogan because she needs the money.” He added: “How dare Meghan accuse Joe Rogan of misinformation, she is the queen of misinformation. “You remember the Oprah interview, she even lied about when she got married. The interview was literally 2 hours of misinformation.” 