It has been confirmed that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be travelling together Holland for the Invictus Games. This will be their first trip outside of the US, as a couple, since their decision to step down as working royals last year. The news comes almost two weeks after the couple chose against attending the memorial service for the late Prince Philip in London. Speaking on his YouTube channel, Neil Sean's Daily News Headlines, Royal Family expert Neil Sean discussed Meghan and Harry's upcoming Holland trip. Mr Sean said: "We have now been told that Harry simply won't be travelling alone. "There's an extension to that travel permit as well because someone else is braving the elements, non other than the former cable TV actress Meghan Markle". He adds: "They're going to be a joint executive producers on this particular project now." The project is a documentary series for Netlfix. Mr Sean notes that the royal couple, or "ex-royal couple", only "feel safe traveling together". READ MORE: ‘Incredible she still retains royal title’ Meghan savaged after ‘all she has done' to Firm Speaking of Netflix, Mr Sean said: "They've got to rake in their cash back so the duo attending together means they get mega mega publicity." He adds that Neflix have "done incredibly well out of Harry and Meghan". He saidL "Everytime people talk about that particular project, they mention them." The Invictus Games is a six-day event and is due to take place between April 16 to 22. The Games is an international sporting event for wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women, both serving and veterans. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan Markle caused ‘shudders at palace’ with pre-wedding remark Last month, the Sussexes didn't attend Prince Philip's memorial service with the rest of the Royal Family. Neither Harry or Meghan released any statement ahead of the memorial service, which took place on March 29 in London. Despite no official statement being released, the reason noted for Harry's absence is believed to be down to his security concerns. The Duke is in dispute with the British Government over security. He has previously said that it would be unsafe for him and his family to return to the UK, without having police protection officers present. Prince Harry did travel back to the UK for Prince Philip's funeral last April. This visit was made alone, without his family. Meghan was pregnant with their daughter at the time. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] Prince Harry's "no-show" at memorial caused controversy. Following the memorial, veteran royal photographer Arthur Edwards lashed out at the Duke of Sussex during an interview with Sky News. Mr Edwards told presenter Kay Burley Prince Harry "should be here". He went on to say how he should be there "whether he brings his wife [Meghan] or not, it doesn't matter".