Tottenham chief Daniel Levy has been told he is just one wrong move from waving goodbye to Antonio Conte. That is the verdict from ex-Spurs star Garth Crooks, who reckons the Italian could call time on his north London stint at any point should things go wrong. Tottenham boss Conte could leave if he does not believe he is getting the backing he needs from Levy. That is the view from Crooks, who wrote in his BBC Sport column about the coach after praising Heung-min Son. Spurs are looking to solidify their hold on fourth in the Premier League after a fine return to form in recent weeks. The north London outfit have been crushing teams over the last month or so. Aston Villa were the latest victims, being battered 4-0 at Villa Park while there have been thrashings of Newcastle, West Ham, Everton and Leeds as well. It has seen Spurs jump to fourth in the Premier League ahead of Arsenal and Manchester United. But Conte has a history of falling out with club owners if he does not get his own way. It happened at Juventus, Chelsea and, most recently, Inter Milan and Crooks has warned Levy to listen to his manager or risk a similar outcome. After naming Son in his team of the week for BBC Sport after his incredible hat-trick against Villa, Crooks wrote: "This was a super show by Spurs and in particular Son Heung-min. The South Korea international is looking lethal in front of goal again. "It is also noticeable that when Son scores, Harry Kane tends to be the provider. Both players appear to be constantly looking for each other in and around the box these days and it is a feature that has transformed Tottenham's fortunes. "Fourth spot now looks achievable and that will be crucial in determining the futures of Kane and Conte at the club. Don't think for one minute Conte is a permanent fixture at Spurs. One wrong move from the chairman, or should the team's performance dip, and this serial winner will be out the door." Conte was left annoyed by the lack of transfer business in January despite the key arrivals of Rodrigo Bentancur and Dejan Kulusevski from Juventus. Both have made a huge impact early on in their Tottenham careers, particularly the latter. The Sweden international has scored three and assisted six in 11 appearances in the Premier League so far - including his latest strike against Villa. But the Spurs coach is keen to bolster his squad further in the transfer window while Levy has a history of acting frugally in the market. However, that mindset might have to change if he wants to prevent Conte from leaving while trusting the fiery Italian could see Spurs become a serious player in the Premier League. The 52-year-old has a brilliant track record with getting the best out of his squad, winning league titles with Chelsea, Juventus and Inter Milan.