Today is Easter Sunday, a day millions of Christians across the planet join together to mark the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Justin Welby, the current Archbishop of Canterbury, will today lead tributes in a series of sermons, reflecting on religion, as well as the issues currently facing Christians. Among these, reports suggest, will include an unprecedented intervention in the ongoing refugee crisis. He is expected to declare Prime Minister Boris Johnson's plan to force unwanted asylum seekers to Rwanda as the "opposite of the nature of God". The service is among Mr Welby's biggest events of the year, but will no doubt pale in comparison to the scenes his predecessor Mr Williams faced in 2011 when he wedded William and Kate. The spectacular service was witnessed by a staggering two billion people across the globe, as well as 17.6 million people in the UK. The televised spectacle was carried out at Westminster Abbey on April 29, 2011. And a decade later, Mr Williams discussed how he knew the couple's relationship would last after meeting them prior to the service. He was speaking as part of BBC Two's documentary Royal Wedding: A Day to Remember. Mr Williams said William and Kate "didn't seem unduly nervous" with the prospect of marriage. He added: "Yes, as it happens, a couple billion people were watching, but they were still talking to one another, from the centre, where it matters. JUST IN: Sajid Javid wades into trans 'conversion therapy row' "They looked as if they were quite enjoying themselves. And when they’re smiling at each other, I feel ‘Actually yes, yes, it is working’ and it did." Since their marriage, the couple has had three children - Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Last year, Mr Williams' successor Mr Welby was at the centre of a storm after claims he had married William's brother Harry to Meghan Markle three days before their televised spectacle emerged. Harry and Meghan's wedding was equally well received by the public in 2018. DON'T MISS:Church must get stuck into politics just like Jesus [COMMENT]Hong Kong: UK religious leaders demand sanctions as riot police smash [ANALYSIS]‘EU referendum was a MISTAKE!’ Former head of Church says [LATEST] But Meghan caused a row after claiming the couple had actually been married prior to the occasion during an interview with Oprah Winfrey last year. But Mr Welby defended the ceremony, telling La Repubblica newspaper "the legal wedding was on the Saturday", referring to May 19, their wedding day. He said: "I signed the wedding certificate which is a legal document. "And I would have committed a serious criminal offence if I signed it knowing it was false." Around 12 million Britons tuned into Meghan and Harry's interview with Oprah. In one moment, Meghan said: "You know, three days before our wedding, we got married. "No one knows that. But we called the Archbishop and we just said ‘look, this thing, this spectacle, is for the world, but we want our union between us’." The ex-actress also told Oprah: "The vows that we have framed in our room are just the two of us in our back yard with the Archbishop of Canterbury... just the three of us." Mr Welby, the Church of England's most senior cleric, did note he had met the couple before the wedding day, but said those discussions were "confidential". He added: “I had a number of private and pastoral meetings with the Duke and Duchess before the wedding”. As for what they discussed, Welby said: "The legal wedding was on the Saturday. But I won’t say what happened at any other meetings."