Her Majesty, 95, recently advertised for a painter and decorator to splash Buckingham Palace's 775 rooms – including 19 staterooms, 52 royal and guest bedrooms, 188 staff bedrooms, 92 offices and 78 bathrooms – with "decorative finishes". The deadline for the position was April 3 and the successful candidate is responsible for “adding the decorative finishes, for people to appreciate for years to come.” They were to ensure that all works are completed to the highest standard. The work by the monarch’s new hire is part of a 10-year project which includes replacing electrical cabling, plumbing and heating. The palace renovation costing £369million will be taxpayer-funded and completed in 2027. However, considerable changes have already been made ahead of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. Work began on the East Wing of the property back in 2018, when 3,000 Royal Collection items were removed from walls while work takes place. Essential renovation work was conducted in this area in Spring 2019. Workers replaced electrics and pipework - and improvements to accessibility were made throughout the wing. Royal watchers were also given a glimpse into the reservicing of the Picture Gallery at Buckingham Palace, one of the 19 State Rooms in the building’s West Wing, in 2020. The gallery is one of the principal State Rooms at the Palace. It provides the backdrop for state visits, receptions and official events hosted by members of the Royal Family. READ MORE: Meghan issued warning as feminists to launch attack on her new podcast At the time, the Firm said work was being undertaken to replace the almost 200-year-old roof, “as well as the removal of ageing pipes, wires and other essential infrastructure - some of which has not been updated since the Second World War”. It is among the rooms available on the visitor route for the Palace’s west wing. As well as being the monarch’s home, the property is a working building, hosting almost 100,000 guests and attracting over 15 million tourists every year. The State Rooms at the palace are expected to re-open to visitors on July 22, as part of the annual 10-week scheme which offers members of the public a glimpse of royal life. In celebration of the Queen’s historic reign, the State Rooms at Buckingham Palace will also feature a display looking at The Queen's Accession to the throne in February 1952. On display will be examples from the series of portraits taken by Dorothy Wilding. These formed the basis of the Queen's image on stamps and in British embassies across the world until 1971. During its lengthy refurbishment programme, the palace will see a series of long term financial and environmental benefits, as well as improvements to visitor access. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan 'will not be given audience' with Dutch king [INSIGHT] Queen's action 'removes any danger' of Harry and Andrew duties [REVEAL] Rocking it! Princess Anne's husband hailed as he steps out to support [PICTURES] The Palace will remain occupied and fully operational for the duration. According to the royal website the programme will “improve visitor access and make the Palace more energy efficient”. The Palace will play a pivotal role in the celebrations for the monarch’s historic reign. The Queen’s birthday parade, known as Trooping the Colour, will take place on the first day of the four day UK bank holiday weekend running from Thursday, June 2 to Sunday, June 5. In total, 1,400 parading soldiers, 200 horses and 400 musicians will come together in a parade beginning at the Palace, before moving down The Mall to Horse Guard's Parade, where they will be joined by members of the Royal Family on horseback and in carriages. The Firm will also take to the balcony of the palace for the traditional RAF fly-past.  It is the setting for a special live concert called “Platinum Party at the Palace” hosted by BBC. According to the royal website, the event will “bring together some of the world’s biggest entertainment stars to celebrate the most significant and joyous moments from The Queen’s seven-decade reign”. The palace has been the official London residence of Britain's monarchy since 1837 and Queen Victoria was the first monarch to live there. The last phase of the taxpayer-funded refit – which will take care of the Queen’s own private apartments in the north wing – is due to be finished by March 31, 2027 - close to the monarch’s 101st birthday. While Buckingham Palace has served as the Queen’s official residence for most of her reign, since the coronavirus pandemic began Her Majesty has stayed predominately at Windsor Castle. Her late husband Prince Philip spent his final days at the castle in 2021.