Earlier this week, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov admitted that Russia had sustained “significant losses of troops” during the war so far. Western countries estimate that between 7,000 and 15,000 Russian soldiers have been killed in the fighting. In an update from the UK Ministry of Defence, military intelligence shows that “in response to mounting losses, the Russian armed forces seek to bolster troop numbers with personnel discharged from military service since 2012. “Efforts to generate more fighting power also include trying to recruit from the unrecognised Transnistria region of Moldova.” Reports on the Ukrainian News Agency website claim that “preparations are underway at the Tiraspol airfield” in Transnistria, which is a breakaway region internationally recognised as part of Moldova. Speaking to Sky News, Peskov called the Russian casualties “a huge tragedy for us”. Moscow puts the casualty count at 1,351 since Russia began what it called a “special operation” on February 24. Peskov said: “You and I have the same numbers as those published by the defence ministry.” He added: “This is a substantial number.” But Ukrainian authorities dispute this, claiming the figure is close to 19,000. READ MORE: Boris Johnson pledges revolutionary aid to Ukraine to defeat Russia Peskov also said Moscow was looking to bring its “operation” in Ukraine to a close. He said: "Our military are doing their best to bring an end to that operation.” He added: “We do hope that in coming days, in the foreseeable future, this operation will reach its goals or will finish it by the negotiations between Russian and Ukrainian delegation." Last month, Russia said it would “radically reduce military activity” around north Ukraine, including near Kyiv and the city of Chernihiv, as peace talks struggled in Istanbul. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Troops at Chernobyl 'picked up radioactive material' [LIVE] EU POLL: Is the bloc to blame for the rise of Le Pen? [VOTE] Macron election against Le Pen ‘too close to call’ [REVEAL] Alexander Fomin, Russia’s deputy defence minister, said the gesture was to “increase mutual trust, create the right conditions for future negotiations and reach the final aim of signing a peace deal with Ukraine”. Russian officials have said that the focus of its forces is now the "complete liberation" of the Donbas, broadly referring to Ukraine's eastern regions of Luhansk and Donetsk. But as Russian troops pulled back from occupied areas of northern Ukraine, evidence of alleged war crimes and atrocities emerged, notably in the town of Bucha, just outside Kyiv. In a global backlash, Russia was suspended from the UN’s human rights body on Thursday by a two-thirds majority vote. Ukraine’s foreign minister, Dmytro Kuleba, called the vote a sign the UN had chosen to be on “the right side of history”. He added: “War criminals have no place in UN bodies aimed at protecting human rights.” Russia’s deputy ambassador, Gennady Kuzmin, told delegates: “We reject the untruthful allegations against us, based on staged events and widely circulated fakes.”