Mark Chapman fronted the World Cup 2022 draw coverage from the BBC studios in the UK alongside the likes of former England striker Alan Shearer, ex-Nigeria player Efan Ekoku and European football journalist Julien Laurens. However, on the ground in Doha, Qatar was Mark’s colleague Jermaine Jenas, on hand alongside Carly Lloyd and Samantha Johnson to conduct the draw. Jermaine, Carly and Samantha were joined on stage by some of the biggest names from World Cup history - from Jay-Jay Okocha and Tim Cahill to Ali Daei and Lothar Matthaus. Each former footballer was enlisted with pulling the names of each participating country from each pot to determine what the World Cup groups would be for the tournament later this year. While Jermaine wasn’t in charge of selecting the nations, he was on hand to ensure all ran smoothly and explain any constraints that may have arisen with the draws. However, the fact that Jermaine had landed a pivotal role during the globally broadcast event led some viewers in the UK to question the decision. READ MORE: World Cup draw results in full - England to face USA in Qatar Taking to Twitter, @Paul_Furtado1 was one to query the choice: “How did Jermaine Jenas land this job ffs #WorldCupDraw.” While Callum Williams vented: “How the f**k has Jermaine Jenas landed this gig #WorldCupDraw.” Elsewhere, @SmithyNo9 argued: “Jermaine Jenas really does steal a living doesnt he?!” “How tf did Jermaine jenas get this job? Unqualified,” fumed @ScouseMixer. And John Browne echoed in the social media debate: “Who let Jermaine Jenas do the World Cup draw?” While Jack Evans quipped: “Can someone put me in touch with Jermaine Jenas’ agent? Whoever they are clearly has some sort of supernatural and/or magical powers.” (sic) Despite the backlash, Jermaine proved his appointment as a worthy one as the draw managed to run smoothly without a hitch. And for England, Scotland and Wales fans in the UK, it was certainly an intriguing draw. DON'T MISS:England boss Southgate refuses to guarantee Maguire will go to QatarQatar chief fires Southgate warning over recent commentsRoy Keane takes aim at Gareth Southgate for defending Harry Maguire England were drawn in Group B alongside the USA, Iran and either Scotland, Wales or Ukraine. Wales recently saw off Austria in their World Cup qualifying play-off and now will face either Ukraine or Scotland, who are still to face off in their own play-off. The winner of that fixture will earn themselves a spot in Group B alongside England, the USA and Iran. The full draw and confirmed World Cup 2022 groups are as follows: Qatar versus Ecuador will be the opening game of World Cup from Group A while England will kick off their tournament against Iran. The action in Qatar kicks off on November 21 in Doha, Qatar. 