Supporters of Just Stop Oil violently smashed display glass and covered it in spray paint after stopping motorists from entering forecourts at Cobham Services in Surrey and Clacket Lane Services in Kent at 7am on Thursday. A total of 35 people were involved in the action, according to the group. Just Stop Oil described the sabotage of petrol pumps as "a significant escalation". One of the activists, Nathan McGovern, a 22-year-old student from Coventry, said: "I refuse to stand by and watch as heatwaves and drought murder people across the global south and families in the UK are forced to choose between eating and heating. "If politicians and bureaucrats refuse to act then it falls on ordinary people to do what they will not." The move is reminiscent of Insulate Britain's protests between September and November last year, when M25 junctions were repeatedly blocked. Just Stop Oil began its protests on April 1. READ MORE: 'Complicit in death of our children' – Just Stop Oil rebukes UK Govt  It has carried out a series of blockades of fuel terminals in south-east England and the Midlands and targeted several high-profile football matches. More than 1,000 arrests have been made. The group said it will "continue the disruption until the Government makes a statement that it will end new oil and gas projects in the UK". Ten supporters arrested outside Kingsbury oil terminal on Wednesday are due to appear at Birmingham Magistrates' Court on Thursday. They are charged with contempt of court relating to an injunction granted to North Warwickshire Borough Council which prohibited protests at the site. It comes as human-caused climate change will make strong tropical cyclones twice as frequent by the middle of the century, putting large parts of the world at risk, according to a new study. UK scientists have been part of an international team examining large-scale data to analyse how increasing temperatures could affect the frequency and scale of these extreme weather events. Their research predicts that maximum wind speeds in cyclones could increase by 20 percent and they could occur more often in places where currently they are rare such as Cambodia, Laos, Mozambique and many Pacific island nations. DON'T MISS Scholz nightmare as FIVE major German crude oil pipelines sabotaged [INSIGHT]Vallance skewers EV plans as going green 'totally impossible' for most [ANALYSIS]Biden mocked for pledge to make US military 'climate-friendly' [VIDEO] For the study, which involved Dr Ivan Haigh, associate professor in coastal oceanography at the University of Southampton, the researchers combined historical date with global climate models to generate "synthetic" tropical cyclones. The team's analysis found that the frequency of the most intense cyclones, those from category 3 or higher, will double globally due to climate change, while weaker tropical cyclones and tropical storms will become less common in most of the world's regions. The exception to this will be the Bay of Bengal, where the researchers found a decrease in the frequency of intense cyclones. The study, published in Scientific Advances, states that many of the most at-risk locations will be in low-income countries.