Councillors in York voted unanimously to remove Prince Andrew’s status as Freeman of the City in a meeting held on Wednesday, April 27. They also called for the Queen and the Government to remove his Duke of York title to end connections with the city altogether.  Following the decision, Liberal Democrat councillor Darryl Smalley said: “The removal of this honorary title sends the right message that we as a city stand with victims of abuse.” He added: “The next logical step is now for Prince Andrew to do the right thing and relinquish his Duke of York title. “If he fails to do so, the Government and Buckingham Palace must step in to remove his title to finally end Prince Andrew's connection to York.” The Freedom of the City is a status awarded to outstanding members of the community, visiting celebrities or dignitaries. While the Freeman title is usually considered an honour, it does not grant any special privileges.  Andrew stepped back from royal duties in 2019 after this Newsnight interview and criticism of his friendship with convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. He was later involved in a civil lawsuit with Virginia Giuffre, who claimed he sexually assaulted her three times in 2001 when she was 17. Andrew denied all the allegations. The Duke then reached an out-of-court settlement with Ms Giuffre in February, without any admission of liability. Ahead of the potential civil trial, in January the Queen stripped her second son of his military affiliations, royal patronages and ability to use his HRH title in an official capacity.  Andrew kept his Duke of York title, which he was given as a Wedding gift from the Queen in 1986. He was subsequently given Freedom of the City during a ceremony in 1987, a few months after his wedding. Despite the Queen being able to grant dukedoms, they can only be removed by passing a statute through Parliament. So what do YOU think? Should Prince Andrew be stripped of his York dukedom after losing Freedom of City? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.