Manchester United duo Marcus Rashford and Jesse Lingard strangely gave their shirts to Arsenal fans after their 3-1 defeat at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday. The Red Devils had gone into the game on a low after a 4-0 defeat to Liverpool last time out. And things didn’t improve in north London, even if it was a better performance from Ralf Rangnick’s team. Manchester United were beaten by Arsenal in a result that all but ends their hopes of securing Champions League football for next season. Nuno Tavares and Bukayo Saka put the Gunners in dreamland and, though the visitors responded through Cristiano Ronaldo, Granit Xhaka’s thunderbolt strike made the result safe. With United trying to get back into the game, Rangnick brought on both Lingard and Rashford. But the pair couldn’t prevent their team from slipping to yet another bad defeat. And, after the game, the duo were spotted by The Sun giving their shirts to ARSENAL fans inside the Emirates. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz While it’s sweet to see them making young supporters so happy, it’s certainly an unorthodox move. Usually, players give their own side’s fans the shirts they want. But it appears Lingard and Rashford chose to make the day even more memorable for the Arsenal supporters inside the Emirates. That won’t appease United fans, especially given the duo’s poor form over the course of the campaign. Lingard has struggled for game time, while his best form in recent years was when he was at West Ham last season. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And Rashford, with just five goals to his name, looks a shadow of the player he used to be under the likes of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, Jose Mourinho and Louis van Gaal. Speaking after the game, meanwhile, Rangnick chose to criticise the officials for their decision-making during the contest. "I think we showed an improved performance but in the end a disappointing result,” he stated. “I think we bounced back well from the early goal and had numerous chances in both halves to score more goals. "I thought the weak part of our performance today was we didn't defend well inside and around our box. “I felt there were three very unlucky VAR decisions. For me the Arsenal third was clearly offside. The second of Cristiano was not offside. “We were not very happy with the VAR decisions today. An improved display but a disappointing result." Arsenal counterpart Mikel Arteta, meanwhile, described the match as a ‘rollercoaster’ following his side’s win. “I think it was a phenomenal game for the spectators and the fans,” he said. “For us it was a bit of a rollercoaster. “We wanted to start the game really quick, really fast. Dominating them, creating issues, very vertical, and we managed to do that. “We dominated big periods in the first half. We scored two goals. “But then that moment when they scored straight after our second goal, left us a little bit cold and insecure to how they reacted. “So we had a period of five to ten minutes where we weren’t really clear on what to do and we were trembling. “At the start of the second half, again we had some problems to occupy some spaces that they are really good at, and they have so much quality to exploit. “Then when they missed their penalty, and we made the change in shape and scored the goal, I think that’s where we won it.”