Diogo Jota has admitted his surprise at team-mate Joe Gomez's technical ability after the Englishman provided him with a superb cross to open the scoring against Watford in a 2-0 win on Saturday lunchtime. The Reds went top of the Premier League after they dismantled a resolute Hornets side at Anfield. Having been behind Manchester City for most of the season, goals from Jota and Fabinho took Jurgen Klopp's men to the summit for the first time since September for at least a couple of hours. However, fears were raised before the game as to how Trent Alexander-Arnold's quality would be replaced, with the England star missing out due to an injury sustained last month. Gomez was selected to take his place by Klopp, with many questioning the decision not to start James Milner instead. But after a delightful cross late in the first half found the head of the in-form Jota, the Portugal hero duly nodded home to relieve tensions at Anfield. And he praised his team-mate for his contribution - stating that Gomez had already suprised him with his prowess in the FA Cup win over Nottingham Forest just two weeks ago.  "Yeah, to be honest I told him before the game he was going to get an assist," Jota admitted on BT Sport. "Against Nottingham [Forest] I had a few crosses from him that I didn't know really what to expect. "Today I was confident and I told him and fortunately for us it happened." The goal moves Jota onto 19 for the season, with 13 goals in just 26 Premier League matches. The Portugal hero has earned a reputation as one of the best forwards in the Premier League, and the goal once again furthered that opinion as Liverpool aim to set up a tense finish for the Premier League title against Pep Guardiola's City side. The win comes as a relief to Klopp, whose side were not at their usual best against a Watford side who continue to be threatened by relegation. And Gomez alluded to the fact that there are no easy games in the league as the Reds moved onto 72 points after just 30 games. “That’s the nature of the Premier League," Gomez said. "No game is going to be easy, and they put up a tough fight. They’re organised and well drilled, and it was tough until the end. "[Diogo] Jota said that [the cross] would happen before the game, so he might have spoke that into existence for me! We have to push each other each week. We have to train well and wait for our opportunities.” 