Ronnie O’Sullivan has revealed he would like to take on world number one Novak Djokovic in both tennis and snooker, just days after accepting an offer from UFC prospect Paddy 'The Baddy' Pimblett for a sparring session. In an interview with Telegraf.rs, O'Sullivan said he is a big fan of tennis and enjoys playing the sport. The 46-year-old also spoke of his admiration for Djokovic and admitted he would like to test himself against the Serb. "I'm good at tennis," O'Sullivan said. "I’m sure I'm better at tennis than Novak is at snooker. If Novak is ready to play a few shots of snooker with me, he can always call me. "You have to admire Djokovic. He is the best player of all time and will win the most Grand Slams in the history of tennis. There are also Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal, the three of them are a sporting phenomenon. JUST IN: O'Sullivan denies he's the greatest ever and drops retirement hint "If we compare Novak and myself, we have different styles of play, I am more like Federer. Roger has self-confidence, but Novak is more of a mixture of styles and he has it all in him." O'Sullivan is also a fan of Pimblett, having watched the prospect's recent first-round submission win over Rodrigo 'Kazula' Vargas at UFC London last month. Speaking earlier this month, 'The Rocket' said he had accepted an invitation to get in the cage with Pimblett. "I am definitely going to try and do some sparring with him, when I next go to Liverpool he has told me I have got to get in the cage," O'Sullivan said. "And I am well up for that, it is all fitness. DON'T MISSRonnie O'Sullivan warns he could skip World ChampionshipDjokovic may face mouthwatering Alcaraz clash after Monte-Carlo drawO'Sullivan accepts UFC challenge to step into cage with Paddy Pimblett "I went to Paddy’s last fight in London at the O2 with Damien Hirst, because he is a huge fan of UFC and knows the big bosses. We were sitting front row watching Paddy and Molly McCann too, and it was a great night. "I have got to know Paddy over the last few weeks. He is a super, lovely guy and is going to be a real superstar – well, he is already really, but he is going to be mega, he has that X-Factor. "We had breakfast together in Llandudno on the morning of my match with Mark Williams, all my friends from Liverpool brought him down. There are a few of the lads, and we had a couple of beers afterwards."