Cristiano Ronaldo has been backed to leave Manchester United this summer and join David Beckham’s Inter Miami in the USA. Ronaldo returned to Old Trafford in August after the Red Devils prised him away from Juventus. United may have been hoping Ronaldo’s return would provide the catalyst for Premier League success following a promising start to the season. But the north west side soon came off the boil in the autumn and dropped down the top flight table. In fact, it’s been a miserable season on all fronts for United and they exited the Carabao Cup and FA Cup in the early rounds before being knocked out of the Champions League by Atletico Madrid at the round of 16 stage last month. Ronaldo has shown glimpses of his enormous talent this season and has found the back of the net 18 times for United. But at the age of 37, he looks a far cry from the player he once was. The Portugal international has one more year remaining on his United contract but has been tipped to embark on one final challenge away from Manchester at the end of the season. And former United and Tottenham striker Garth Crooks believes the blockbuster star could head to the States. READ MORE: Arsenal on alert as Leicester 'consider selling James Maddison' to raise transfer funds  “I am a huge admirer of Ronaldo,” Crooks told the BBC. “His professionalism is beyond reproach and he has more than fulfilled the expectations required of a 37-year-old player in the toughest league in the world. However, he is still a young man who needs a purpose in life. “The United States might be the place to establish that purpose. David Beckham and Ronaldo would make a formidable partnership in Miami. One thing is for sure, the five-time Ballon D'or winner doesn't need the money.” DON'T MISSMan Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford jobTottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle winLiverpool skipper Henderson caught on camera protecting Fabinho - 'Proper leader'    A whole host of top players have headed stateside during the latter stages of their careers, including the likes of Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Andrea Pirlo and David Villa. And Lionel Messi has been tipped to move there in the future. So Ronaldo would be in good company if he did choose for his final hurrah to come in north America. And Beckham would likely jump at the opportunity to have Ronaldo at his club. Inter Miami are already well-established thanks to their world-famous owner. But Ronaldo would provide the club with another superstar. And the Euro 2016 winner could even be keen to get involved off the pitch once his playing days come to an end. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  