Katie Price took to Instagram today and updated fans on the recovery of her broken feet, after "months of investigation and pain", and revealed she is currently wearing foot supports. The model previously revealed she would need ongoing procedures on her feet, after breaking them when she fell off a wall during a 2020 holiday in Turkey. According to reports, the model has been warned to take it easy and may have to make use of a wheelchair for the next three months. A source said: "Katie's feet mean she's in constant pain - they haven't healed properly and doctors have told her she's facing another operation." "This time she'll have to take her recovery really seriously - staying off her feet for three months, using a wheelchair, not wearing high heels," they added to The Sun. Express.co.uk has contacted Katie Price's representatives for comment. READ MORE: Tyson Fury admits to bedding 500 women - 'Regret all the filth' The mum-of-five has now undergone further surgery and has reportedly been urged to take her recovery seriously. In view of her 2.7million followers today, Katie shared a candid video update telling fans she is back in the hospital. She began: "So here I am at the hospital. It's the day. After MRI scans, CT scans, X-Rays it's time to try something else on my feet to try to make it easy for me in life to do things. "I struggle to walk, I can't walk fast. So today, they're going to sedate me and put some cortisone injections in. I've asked a lot of people about cortisone. It works for some people and for others it doesn't. But fingers crossed it does."   Katie continued: "If it doesn't work the other option is to go back in my feet and look at the screws and see what can happen. I'm just waiting now because my op is soon. "I'm actually s*****g myself because although I've had lots of surgeries, it's my choice to do that. So normally I would get excited, I don't get nervous. This is something that medically, I'm having to do. Not by choice. "It's weird that I'm scared." In a later clip, Katie gave a glimpse of her feet as she had changed into her hospital gown. DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood thanks BBC Breakfast viewer after ITV weather swipe[LATEST]Gordon Ramsay in furious row with critic Jay Rayner - 'Get a real job'[TWITTER]Naga Munchetty inundated with support after BBC Breakfast absence[TV] "My surgeon has marked me up, ready to try the injections. Let's hope it works. My poor feet" she explained. Katie went on: "I've got my gown on and I'm ready to go in. I'm just waiting now. Let's see. "It could take up to three weeks before I feel any effect. But fingers crossed it will work and it does it can last up to 10 weeks. "Fingers crossed it does because if it doesn't we have to look at plan B."  Katie captioned the post: "FEET UPDATE. "I’ve been living with so much pain with my feet for almost 2 years now! It’s massively affected my mobility and has really knocked my mental health. Yesterday, I had cortisone injections in my feet to help relieve pain. "Fingers crossed this works and will help me be more mobile! My feet are currently in supports and are sore but it’s still early days! "Thank you to all the doctors and nurses who have helped me during this difficult time and thank you to my fans for the warm wishes." 