It's not that Boris Johnson has been forgiven for repeatedly breaking the rules he set for the rest of us; it's simply that most people reckon they have bigger fish to fry. Like finding the money to pay for their next energy bill. Or food for the table. Out here in the real world, Partygate is simply not the scandal it once was. Conservative party activists campaigning for the local elections next month have been relieved to discover that people on the doorstep want to talk about other things. And there are genuine positives for Boris too. He continues to win approval for his leadership in sending military and practical assistance to Ukraine, and the plan to send asylum seekers to Rwanda while their cases are examined. But in Westminster - and specifically, on the Tory backbenches - Partygate looms larger than ever. Reportedly, 46 Tory MPs have sent letters calling for a vote of no confidence in their leader to Sir Graham Brady, chairman of the backbench Conservative 1922 Committee. Forty-six! That's serious. It only takes 54 such letters to kick-start the process. Who exactly are these backbenchers? Many have, pusillanimously in my view, post-dated their missives to just after the local elections on May 5. There's conviction for you, eh? Challenge the leader, but only if he performs poorly at the polls. But governments almost always see their party do badly at local elections (protest vote syndrome) so a bad result for Boris next week wouldn't necessarily have anything to do with bring-your-own-booze knees-ups at No. 10. I find all of this extremely odd. If the wider public is increasingly prepared to let Partygate go (and there's still a good two years to the next general election unless the PM decides to call a snap one in 2023, as is rumoured) what on earth is in it for Tory backbenchers to hold the boss's feet to the fire?  Conservative leadership campaigns take MONTHS. Practically everyone, right down to the constituency cat, has to be consulted.And even if enoughTory MPs voted against Boris, who would succeed him? Ask that question at Westminster and all you'll hear is the dry whistle of the wind.There's no one, is there? "Dishy Rishi" - the only contender a couple of months ago - is political toast thanks to the nom-dom row over his wife. So I repeat - what do these mutinous backbenchers think they're playing at? I'm mystified, so I can only think this is history repeating itself: Conservative history, that is; a cyclical tendency to commit ritual hara-kiri. They did it with Margaret Thatcher. They did it with John Major. Now a little band of malcontents is toying with the idea of doing it to Boris Johnson. Why? Because it's in Conservative DNA; the party's curse. Will anyone ever lift it?  Pictures of Vladimir Putin holding a candle at midnight mass in Moscow are beyond parody. As are more photos showing him in a warm embrace with Russian Orthodox Bishop, Patriarch Kirill. Kirill, below, like Putin, is a former KGB agent. He says Russia's invasion of Ukraine is necessary because of Ukraine's willingness to hold gay pride parades. So razing schools, hospitals and entire residential areas to the ground, shooting civilians dead in cold blood, and committing mass rape is something Jesus would have approved of, is it, Bish? God help Russia's Christians. Because their church is busy consigning itself into the nine circles of Hell.  Monday marked something called National Lingerie Day (no, me neither) featuring celebratory snaps of celebs in their smalls like this one of David Beckham. It put me in mind of the famous Armani image which gave rise to his nickname Golden Balls which funnyman James Corden later rebranded as Golden Socks. When I joined Granada Television as a reporter in 1982, the first person I saw when I checked in to reception on my very first day was Bill Roache - Coronation Street's Ken Barlow. Although I was used to rubbing shoulders with soap stars - I'd come across from Yorkshire Television and had got to know most of the cast of Emmerdale, a friendly bunch - there was something almost otherworldly about clapping eyes on Bill Roache in the flesh. As Barlow, he'd been a household name for what seemed like forever (Bill would have been around 50 back then, and of course appeared in the very first episode of "Corrie" on December 9 1960, when he was in his late 20s). In our years at Granada, Judy and I got to know and grew very fond of him. This week, his photo adorned most newspapers and celebrity websites as he marked his - wait for it - 90th birthday. He looked incredible. Full head of hair. Strong jawline. Twinkling eyes behind natty glasses. Barely-lined skin. To coin a phrase: "I'll have what he's having."