Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, garnered popularity after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Facebook user Sandra Fordon said: “Appalled at the state of my car seats. “Could someone please suggest the best way of cleaning these? “I’ve had these stains for quite a while now so in need of a deep clean to probably get them out!” Sandra’s post was inundated with more than 50 comments from Mrs Hinch fans. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove limescale deposits from your taps The most popular response was to use Dr Beckmann carpet cleaner. Samantha Lawrence said: “I’ve just used the Dr Beckmann carpet upholstery cleaner on my seat, I’ll let you know how it turns out when it's dry.” Mary Barr replied: “Dr Beckmann carpet and upholstery cleaner. “I had an old water stain (sports bottle leaked) on car seat, tried Dr Beckmann and now it’s like new! DON'T MISSGardeners can get rid of pests with cupboard essentials [INSIGHT]Weeding: How to create an ‘affordable’ weed killer in seconds [UPDATE]‘Huge red flag’ that could mean you’re being scammed - ‘avoid’ [ANALYSIS] “Read instructions carefully before use. Good luck.” Nicola Chapman commented: “I’ve just done mine today as mine were like this! “I used Dr Beckmann carpet stain remover and it worked wonders!” Tahira Sarwar wrote: “Dr Beckmann is amazing, as mentioned above. “I would highly recommend this product. “You can buy it from B&M or you could try local pound shops, they sell nearly all the cleaning stuff. “I would advise you not to keep using different products incase your stuck with more stains. Hope you get it sorted.” Croft Kimberley suggested: “I have the same car. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Something leaked from my bag being on the seat and I used Dr Beckmann and the seats look like new! “Just put a hole in the top, don’t take the whole lid off.” Sandra said she used Dr Beckmann carpet cleaner to remove the stains and that “it did great”. Dr Beckmann Carpet Stain Remover is £2.80 from Wilko. Dr Beckmann Carpet Cleaner Stain Remover also costs £2.75 from ASDA. Dr Beckmann Carpet Stain Remover is also available from Waitrose & Partners for £3.50. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using shaving foam.  Nikkie Hague said: “Shaving foam.” April Stephenson replied: “I’ve seen a post where a lady used scented shaving foam and they came out like new.” Rebecca Anderson commented: “My dad got a cheap foam from Wilkos specifically for this type of thing. “He applied it, left it two minutes and wiped it away and it was like brand new. “It worked on one of my seats my son had spilt milkshake on.”