Manchester United have taken a significant step toward redeveloping the club's famous Old Trafford stadium after appointing a team of leading consultants to start creating a plan of action. United have called upon the firm behind the state-of-the-art 63,000-capacity Tottenham Hotspur Stadium to transform the Theatre of Dreams. In an official statement on Thursday, the Red Devils announced that the wheels are now in motion to settle on a 'masterplan' to upgrade the club's stadium and training facilities. And it's been revealed that fans will be involved in the process, starting later this month. It read: "Manchester United has appointed a team of leading consultants to begin work on creating a masterplan for the redevelopment of Old Trafford. The team will be led by Legends International and Populous, both of which have a wealth of stadium development experience from across the globe. "Work will begin immediately on developing options for Old Trafford and studying their feasibility, with the aim of significantly enhancing the fan experience. Fans will be at the heart of the process, starting with a meeting between the consultants and the Manchester United Fans' Advisory Board later this month." JUST IN: Atletico Madrid president claims Man City play 'prehistoric football'  It added: "A similar process is already under way in relation to the club's training facilities, with KSS appointed to develop a masterplan for an expanded, state-of-the-art facility for the Men's, Women's and Academy teams." Populous and Legends International are a leading management consultant company with an encouraging amount of experience developing stadiums and other venues worldwide. Last month, the Telegraph revealed United had been exploring three different proposals to revamp Old Trafford. Now, the outlet claims of those three, bulldozing the iconic venue to build from scratch appears to be the least likely scenario at this moment in time. The most favourable option is a complete modernisation of the current building, plus expanding the South Stand over the parallel railway line. READ MORE: Man Utd dealt cruel blow as Luke Shaw 'face battles' to return  Such a move would increase the capacity of Old Trafford from 74,140 to over 80,000, extending the ground's status as the largest in England amongst clubs. No decisions will be official until the club, and their newly-appointed consultants have analysed the feasibility in detail and consulted with the Fans' Advisory Board. However, whilst improving the fan experience is the priority, preserving the identity and heritage of Old Trafford will play a significant role in any design outlined. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.