British drivers have been urged by experts not to travel on Good Friday between 9:30am and 7pm as there will be an estimated four and a half million trips to be made on that day alone. Good Friday is the busiest day on the UK’s roads, and this year will be no different. Experts also shared the busiest times for the entire weekend. Figures from RAC and INRIX have revealed exactly when drivers should and should not make their Easter journeys. Traditionally, the Easter weekend has always been a busy period of travel. During the Covid pandemic, however, the number of trips made by Brits had gone down. But after a few quieter Easter breaks in a row, the upcoming long weekend is set to be particularly crowded on roads across the UK with more than 21 million journeys anticipated. READ MORE: Money saving tips that can help drivers cut down on car costs According to the experts, the worst times to travel will be: Friday April 15: 9.30am - 7:00pm Saturday April 16: 10:00am - 2:00pm Sunday April 17: 10:00am - 2:00pm DON'T MISS Drivers could use electric cars to power their homes [REVEAL] British drivers warned of busiest Easter on UK roads in eight years [WARNING] Cost of Easter car rental increases by 135 percent [INSIGHT] Monday April 18: 12:00pm - 2.30pm Instead, motorists are advised to travel at the quieter times over the weekend. These are expected to be: Friday April 15: before 9:00am or after 7:30pm Saturday April 16: after 3:00pm Sunday April 17: after 3:00pm Monday April 18: before 10.30am or after 6.30pm Experts have also highlighted routes to avoid. It will come as no surprise that motorways up and down the country will be taking the brunt of the Easter traffic. However, some roads look like they will be worse hit than others. Roads to avoid include the M6 north between Liverpool and the Lake District, M6 south towards Stoke-on-Trent, M25 between Surrey and the M40 exit, A303 near Stonehenge, andM3 north to Basingstoke. Andy Tomlinson, COO at Cuvva says: “If you’ve planned a trip this upcoming long weekend and are travelling by car, set off early in the morning to enjoy a relaxing journey, while the roads are quieter.” Cuvva has also provided several tips that could make motorists’ journeys less stressful. There are several simple, yet critical, car checks you should do if you are planning an Easter getaway, the company said. The most important one is making sure that the car has plenty of fuel, and remembering that motorway services can charge around 30p more per litre than a non-motorway petrol station. Other tips include checking your oil and coolant levels before drivers set off. Ensuring that the vehicle’s tyres are inflated to the correct pressure is also crucial – especially if the car is packed with holiday luggage. Lastly, having a mobile phone fully charged or bringing a charger could prove to be useful, especially in case of a breakdown.