ATP and WTA chiefs are reportedly holding a meeting in Madrid this week to discuss turning Wimbledon into an 'exhibition event' this summer with no ranking points on offer due to their ban of Russian and Belarusian players. Wimbledon caused a furore this week after it was announced Russian and Belarusian players would not be allowed to compete at the tournament this year because of the invasion of Ukraine.  Daniil Medvedev, Aryna Sabalenka, Andrey Rublev and Victoria Azarenka are among the highest-ranked players who won't be able to compete. It is the first time players have been banned on the ground of nationality since German and Japanse tennis stars were excluded in the post-World War Two era. The All England Lawn Tennis Club (AELTC) announced they felt it had a part to play to "limit Russia's global influence through the strongest means possible". Their decision has led to plenty of backlash from both the WTA and ATP while world No 1 Novak Djokovic called the ban "crazy". And it now appears as though this year's Grand Slam at SW19 could turn into an exhibition event. According to Tim Henman's former strength and conditioning coach Kieron Vorster, both the ATP and WTA are meeting in Madrid this week to discuss plans for Wimbledon this summer. JUST IN: Andrey Rublev torn apart for 'uneducated' Wimbledon ban view  He tweeted: "I hear the @atptour and @WTA are meeting in Madrid to discuss potentially taking away all ranking points from @Wimbledon championships this year so in essence turning it then into an exhibition event." The ATP have already released a statement reacting to Wimbledon's decision, stating it sets a "damaging precedent". They said: "Discrimination based on nationality also constitutes a violation of our agreement with Wimbledon that states that player entry is based solely on ATP rankings. "Any course of action in response to this decision will now be assessed in consultation with our board and member councils." DON'T MISS  The WTA echoed the statement from the ATP, insisting Wimbledon's decision is not "justified". Their statement read: "Individual athletes should not be penalized or prevented from competing due to where they are from, or the decisions made by the governments of their countries. "Discrimination, and the decision to focus such discrimination against athletes competing on their own as individuals, is neither fair nor justified. "The WTA will continue to apply its rules to reject discrimination and ensure that all athletes are able to compete at our Tour events should they qualify to do so, a position that until today's announcement has been shared across professional tennis."  