Dead Ukrainians are strewn along devastated streets, some bound and hooded, images backed by stories of rape and torture. It is as if the brutality of the Second World War has returned, and the world has reacted with revulsion. A furious Boris Johnson promised not to rest until Vladimir Putin was held to account. The Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky described the outrage as "genocide". These events have significantly raised the scope for the International Criminal Court to investigate Russia for war crimes.  And yet, horrific as these images are, they have one positive aspect: they show that Putin's vicious but demoralised army can be pushed back against the numerical odds. Yesterday, Mr Johnson was correct to say that "Putin is desperate, his invasion is failing, and Ukraine's resolve has never been stronger". We should assist Ukraine however we can during the course of this war, and hope for an imminent cessation of hostilities followed by a Nuremberg-type trial for Putin and his lackeys. Ukraine, which has been through so much horror, deserves nothing less. Today we are delighted to publish the beaming faces of children who, though suffering with cystic fibrosis, are now able to access the life-saving drug Kaftrio from the US firm Vertex on the NHS. It is particularly heartwarming as the Daily Express has long run a campaign to help sufferers from CF gain access to Vertex drugs, which were not going to be available on the NHS due to their high cost. Now the NHS has agreed deals for Kaftrio for adults and children, which will do much to help the lives of the 10,600 Britons with the genetic disorder. But it shouldn't have come to this point.  A life-changing drug like Kaftrio should have been accessible as soon as its safety was demonstrated. While it should be acknowledged that pharmaceutical companies make huge investments in research and development, the joy of seeing children with CF look so happy shows that gaining access to these wonder drugs is well worth it. Twas a bitter day on theThames. But there was a real elation about the return of the Oxford-vs-Cambridge boat race yesterday after it, like so many events, had disappeared into a Covid black hole. Oxford won against reigning champions Cambridge, but the heartiest cheers should be that such glorious events have returned. 