Gary Lineker has pleaded for UEFA not to introduce a Champions League final opening ceremony after Paris Saint-Germain president Nasser Al-Khelaifi said the showpiece event should be “bigger than the Super Bowl”. There has been fierce debate around how the Champions League should evolve in the upcoming years following the collapse of the much-maligned European Super League last year. Al-Khelaifi has become one of European football’s most powerful men after being given a new role as chair of the European Clubs’ Association (ECA). He previously condemned the breakaway league after the concept was announced last year and thinks the Champions League should become a more glitzy affair. But Lineker doesn’t agree with the 48-year-old’s suggestions. “Oh god, not an opening ceremony…please,” wrote the Match of the Day presenter on Twitter. Al-Khelaifi shared his views on Monday about how the Champions League could be improved. “The final should be bigger,” said the businessman, who is the chairman of beIN Media Group. “I can’t understand how the Super Bowl can feel bigger than the Champions League final. The Super Bowl, and the US generally, have this mindset, creativity and entertainment. READ MORE: Arsenal on alert as Leicester 'consider selling James Maddison' to raise transfer funds “That’s what I have suggested, to have an opening ceremony to the Champions League, to have one match on the opening night where the winners take on a big team. Maybe it is not a good idea, but at least let’s challenge the status quo. Each match needs to be an event and entertainment.” Al-Khelaifi enhanced his reputation in European football last year after taking a firm stance against the controversial plans for a European Super League. PSG were arguably the biggest club in Europe who refused to sign up for the competition, despite the fact the club had been invited to join. And the Qatari believes there is still huge potential for the Champions League to grow its viewership through innovation. “First, don’t dismiss linear TV - everyone has said it is dead for 10 years,” Al-Khelaifi added. “Every major broadcaster is both linear and digital. Four in five people watched the Russia World Cup final on linear. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford jobTottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle winLiverpool skipper Henderson caught on camera protecting Fabinho - 'Proper leader'     “But of course, digital innovation is one of the things we are looking for. We’re also thinking with UEFA about event formats and experiences. Take the Champions League - by far the best club competition, but how do we make each match an event? “My suggestion is to have a creative and entertainment department as part of the new joint venture between UEFA and ECA. How do we make the group stages compelling? The time difference is a problem for the US and Asia. So how can we work on this for international rights which have huge potential? We are thinking about all kinds of things - new venues, new markets, new formats.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 