More than two-thirds (70 per cent) of firms surveyed hope to hire trainees, up from 47 per cent in 2021. Some 67 per cent had already signed up apprentices over the past 12 months, with 97 per cent keeping them on despite pandemic pressures. The mood of positivity comes in a report by apprenticeship, training and up-skilling specialist In-Comm Training. Its survey of 105 firms in the aerospace, automotive, distribution, engineering and professional services sectors showed bosses desperate to recruit young talent to plug skills gaps as older employees retire. Around 70 per cent of businesses said they were concerned about the impact an exodus of experienced staff would have on their customers. Two-thirds said developing future talent was the primary objective in hiring apprentices. However, the news was tempered with warnings that soaring inflation is creating a barrier to attracting and retaining staff. In-Comm MD Gareth Jones said apprenticeships were being used to retrain people in highly skilled and new technologies. He said: "Despite all the pressures, turmoil and restrictions, bosses believed it was vital to retain existing learners and, importantly, continue to invest in new ones as they didn't want to be hit with a skills gap when the recovery started. "This is none more pertinent than in engineering, where there is a lack of talent and the people that are out there are demanding extortionate wages. "Growing your own is the only sustainable way of getting around this situation. Those that held their nerve during the pandemic have come out of it better." Analysis by accounting tech giant Sage last month showed that small and medium-sized firms were thriving despite the doomsayers' predictions about the impact of Covid and Brexit. The end of lockdown restrictions left 68 per cent expecting growth this year, compared with 57 per cent in Germany and 62 in France. Meanwhile, 43 per cent of UK firms expect revenue rises in the next six months against 39 per cent in France and Germany. Foundations for a career there are a total of 34 apprentices at Yorkshire-based firm Conservatory Outlet, which makes windows, doors and products related to home extensions. Their roles span many departments, from management and marketing to customer service and bricklaying. Karen Starkey, its head of HR, said: "Ten apprentices are currently at our manufacturing facility in Wakefield and all playing a crucial role in helping us bounce back from Covid. "There are clear progression routes for them, with funding in place to support them on advanced courses all the way to degree level, if that fits the individual." She added: "Our sector is united in the struggle to find staff - for us the solution is growing our own. "It's a long-term commitment, but one we relish as it gives us the chance to mould them in our culture and the way we do things."