Christian Eriksen has been school hunting in Chiswick as the Brentford playmaker makes a big decision over his future, Express Sport understands. The Tottenham icon has been linked with a return to his former club where he is admired by his ex-Inter Milan boss Antonio Conte. Brentford have been handed a major boost in their bid to keep the ace as Express Sport has learned that the midfielder was school hunting in Chiswick, west London, on Friday morning. Eriksen and girlfriend Sabrina Kvist are looking for a pre-school to take in their first child, Alfred, who will turn four in June. Eriksen has settled in west London with Kvist and their two children since moving from Italy four months ago. The second child was born in January 2021. School hunting in Chiswick suggests that Eriksen could be inclined to remain with Brentford, the club that offered him the chance to reprise his glittering football career. It does not entirely rule out a move to Spurs, though, with Enfield only an hour’s drive away. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'adds two more stars to transfer wishlist' Eriksen signed a six-month contract with Brentford in January after being released by Inter at the end of 2021. Serie A rules prevent players competing with an Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator (ICD), which the 30-year-old had fitted after suffering a cardiac arrest at Euro 2020. Brentford have shot up the Premier League table since Eriksen’s arrival and are well clear of relegation. Thomas Frank - the Danish boss who convinced countryman Eriksen to join - has guided the West London club to 12th and onto 40 points. Eriksen has provided two assists since signing and scored in Brentford’s memorable 4-1 win over neighbours Chelsea in early April. The Bees have suffered defeat just once when the former Ajax man has been on the pitch. DON'T MISS...Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel urged to sign the next Didier DrogbaTen Hag's first Man Utd transfer objective is clear after Chelsea drawArsenal handed Jesus transfer boost despite Man City star's form Brentford hope Eriksen will stay despite interest from Spurs. Conte took the ace to Inter in January 2020 and is understood to harbour hopes of a free transfer back to North London in the summer. “I would love to say that I am confident, I am very positive and very hopeful that he will stay but it will be a decision at the end of the season,” Brentford boss Frank said when asked if he was confident of keeping Eriksen this summer. “I will do what I can but it’s down to Christian, where it’s like everything if you decide to go to one club or another, you buy that house or another house, you take that job or another job. “There must be pros and cons and I always say if you make it an eight-two decision, where you have eight pros and two cons, then you are in a good position. I hope Christian makes the right choice for him and his family and I really hope it will be us.”   