Garden pests such as slugs and snails are often more common during the spring months when the weather is warmer and gardeners begin to work on their gardens. A spokesperson for GardenBuildingsDirect.co.uk said: “It is inevitable that garden bugs will cause a bit of disruption, whether you’re out relaxing, planting your own veg or growing your own garden. “This guide is full of some of the most destructive bugs and top tips to help keep these at bay, so the outdoors can be stress-free.” Slugs and snails are some of the most common garden pests, ruining crops such as lettuce. The experts said: “Salt has always been a fool proof way of killing slugs and snails. “If you want to stop them in their tracks, copper tape acts as a great deterrent, giving them electric shocks.” READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 85p hack to keep moths out the home Gardeners could also pick up slugs and move them away from their crops. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) also recommended encouraging predators into the garden such as birds, frogs and toads. Traps such as melon or orange skins can also be laid in the garden. Caterpillars also like to nibble their way through fruits, vegetables and plants. DON'T MISS:‘Simple’ ways to ‘save energy’ in the kitchen [COMMENT]David Domoney shares ‘key’ to growing ‘spectacular’ wisteria [VIDEO]‘Highly effective’ methods to unblock toilets with ease [EXPLAINER] The gardening experts said: “They are also detrimental to some flowers too, with the buds and seeds often all destroyed. “One of the most natural and inexpensive ways to rid your plants of these pesky bugs, is to spray them with hot soapy water. “This can then be poured into a spray bottle and used as many times as necessary.” There are several varieties of moths in the UK, some damaging the outdoors and some eating clothing in wardrobes. According to the experts, this type of gardening bug can be especially damaging in the warmer months. They explained: “They love cotton and wool fibres so homeowners need to be aware that leaving outdoor cushions and furniture in the garden could be targeted by moths. “An easy solution for deterring them is to use herbal sprays in the areas you want to protect. “Herbs like lavender and rosemary are not loved by these bugs, and they also smell nice too.” May bugs, also known as cockchafer, can cause extreme damage in the garden. They are small in spice and are completely harmless to humans. They are usually seen during the month of May, all the way up until July. The gardening experts said: “In their early years they live under the soil and feed off the roots of plants and flowers. “As there are not a lot of homemade options to keep these bugs away, the best option is to use an insect killer.”