Charles Leclerc may be leading the Drivers' standings, but he believes Red Bull have more pace than they have shown so far this weekend. He said today: "Yes, I think already today they have more than what they’ve shown just because they did not put the lap together. "Max (Verstappen) had a bit of traffic in his fast lap. It is going to be very close, so we will have to maximise our car to be starting on pole on Sunday." Leclerc will be hoping to extend his lead at the Australian Grand Prix this weekend. The Monegasque driver has been one of F1's rising stars in recent years, securing race wins and podiums despite Ferrari's inconsistency. However, his success led to accusations of arrogance from some F1 fans, something Leclerc admitted got to him. Speaking in December 2020, Leclerc addressed this, telling Sky Italia: “One [piece of criticism] that touches me more than others is arrogance, because I know very well that I haven’t changed. “The further I go in my career, the more I see that people want to be my friend, certainly not because they like me as a person but because I am a Ferrari driver. “So I close myself a little. But that’s not arrogance, I haven’t changed from that point of view. “Both my father and Jules always told me to keep my feet on the ground. “Everything in my career has gone pretty fast and in the right direction, but I’ve always kept that advice in mind. “That’s why the word [arrogance] bothers me more than the others.” At the time, Ferrari had just finished a difficult season where they had been way off the pace of the Mercedes at the front. But Leclerc said his team should not forget about their struggles, adding: “No, I wouldn’t say that [that the season needs to be forgotten]. “It was definitely a very difficult year in many ways. Talking about the car, it was a complicated year and we didn’t expect to struggle so much. “We had to accept this situation, analyse and work to improve. And I am satisfied with that, even if it was difficult. READ MORE: Charles Leclerc and Max Verstappen battle may be renewed after changes “On the other hand, it would not be right to forget this season, because it is in these moments that you grow the most. “I felt that I have grown as a driver and I think it will help us as a team. We have found some things that will help us to improve in the future.” Ferrari's patience has paid off this season, however, as they now look to be leading the field. The Scuderia's team principal, Mattia Binotto, has already said Leclerc is driving like someone who can win the Drivers' Championship. Asked if the 24-year-old is driving like someone who can win the world championship, Binotto said: last month: "I think he is. "But it's something which I was expecting when renewing as well with him in the last year for up to 2024, because we know what he's capable of. "I think he is simply demonstrating that he's capable of fighting for the championship. "No doubt he's got the talent, he's got the capacity, he is a very good racer and we're very happy with what he's proving in these two races." DON'T MISS Charles Leclerc warns Ferrari will 'unlock more performance' Ferrari boss Mattia Binotto puts pressure on Max Verstappen title bid Charles Leclerc 'unsure' of Ferrari's edge over Mercedes and Red Bull Leclerc acknowledged that he's hit the ground running with the new generation of cars but added he has still found several areas to improve himself "to unlock more performance". He added: "I'm quite happy about this start of the season, for sure. "I'm working well with the team and the preparation for the first races was very good, so I feel good in general. "But there's definitely more to come. The thing I'm happy about is not really the performance, but I know exactly where I still need to work and what I need to improve to unlock more performance. "Whether it will be enough or not to win the world championship, I have no idea. It's still very early on in the season but let's say that it's a very good start. "As I said many times, I think development will be key and we as drivers need to help the team in the best way possible to keep this competitiveness."