Vicar of Dibley star Dawn French has shared a series of pictures of herself preparing for a dramatic dental transformation, claiming that she was at "the gates of hell". The 64-year-old took to Instagram to reveal herself in the much dreaded dentist's chair while she and a dental professional posed for snaps ahead of the procedure. "There’s nowhere I’d rather be… than here…at the gates of hell…. " she joked sarcastically in view of her community of 443,000 followers. Grimacing as her mouth was prised open by a dental retractor, Dawn managed a hopeful thumbs up sign for fans. "Thanks to all @carriageworkslostwithieldental," she added in a shout-out for her local clinic. "HERE GOES!" Despite the open-mouthed photo, Dawn had remained tight-lipped about what procedure she was about to have. READ NOW: 'Shut the f**k up!' Denise Welch rages at Jeremy Vine Show debate She also received a deluge of supportive comments from fans who reassured her about the procedure by pointing out that her dental surgeon was attractive. @pawmorewine joked: "I would be much happier going to the dentist if mine looked like him!" "The dentist looks like a bit of a dish," @shrewsnp chimed in. An enthused @cathprior15 exclaimed: "I thought that was Pierce Brosnan for a second!" Meanwhile some of the almost 20,000 followers who had liked the post joined each other in cries of "CHEESE!" as they compared her stretched mouth to the scenes in popular cartoon Wallace and Gromit. @john_moloney_artworks wrote: "What big teeth you have and the lips, a real Wallace and gromit moment!" Then @shirlston joked that she'd thought Dawn's image was a promo for the latest episode of the show. However, many fans shared her shudders as they agreed with her comment that dental work could be hell. DON'T MISS... Countdown's Rachel Riley fears show stint could spell 'end of career' [INSIGHT] Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [LATEST] Rod Stewart left Tom Fletcher mortified in ‘awful' run-in over songs [DETAILS]  Referencing the star's ex-husband, @garybartoszewski joked: "I'd rather listen to an hour of Lenny Henry jokes than visit a Dentist!" @houseonthe154th added: "Blink 2 times, if you need help!" However, Dawn has battled with worse than dental pain in recent years. She had a nasty health scare several years ago when doctors feared she might have a brain tumour. During her 30 Million Minutes tour back in 2014, she was forced to take to the stage with the help of a walking stick after feeling convinced she would tumble over. The terrified star told Michelle Visage on her podcast Rule Breakers that it felt as if her skull was "collapsing inwards". "Everything [started] spinning - it’s like being very drunk and not understanding what is up and what is down," she recalled. However, it turned out that the star was suffering bouts of vertigo.