West Ham star Jarrod Bowen's superb performance in West Ham's 1-1 draw against Lyon on Thursday evening drew praise from fans and pundits alike after he opened the scoring against the French giants in east London. And after links to Liverpool over the last year, his European exploits have shown Jurgen Klopp that he can perform on the continental stage.  Bowen joined the Hammers in 2020 after three stellar Championship campaigns at Hull. The Leominster-born star scored 52 league goals in 117 games for the Tigers as he set the tone as one of the league's best wingers. He earned his move to David Moyes' side in January 2020, and has scored 22 goals in 93 games for the Irons as they look to secure European football for the second year running. Having become a star man this season, he has rightly earned plaudits from fellow professionals and managers. After his superb performance against Lyon, where he capitalised on a Jerome Boateng mistake to put the Hammers 1-0 up with 10 men, the winger showed he is capable of producing on the continental stage. And Jurgen Klopp will take interest in what occurred at the London Stadium after reported interest earlier in the season. BREAKING: Man Utd begin work on Kalvin Phillips transfer as welcoming present for Erik ten Hag  "I like Bowen a lot," Klopp said in November. "He made his way up from Hull and took not too long to show exactly what kind of player he can be in the Premier League. He made big steps. And more praise followed just months later, with Liverpool facing the Hammers in March. "Bowen, what a player he became," Klopp said. "He was at Hull as well but I don't think anybody expected this kind of jump. Unbelievable player." The Reds are already laden with talent up front given the signings of Luis Diaz and Diogo Jota in the last 18 months. READ MOREErik ten Hag wants to sign 'two of Ajax's best players' for Man Utd once named new managerThomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea bossMan Utd watch Darwin Nunez rough up Virgil van Dijk as Liverpool battle past Benfica  But with Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane's contracts expiring in the summer of 2023, Klopp may need a new winger to take their positions. Liverpool cruised in to a 3-1 lead over Benfica in their Champions League quarter-final first-leg tie in Portugal on Tuesday. And Bowen could well be a part of their European successes next season if Klopp decides to make a move. 