St Kitts and Nevis has become the latest nation to put Her Majesty on notice. The country's Deputy Prime Minister, Shawn Richards, said "the time has come" for his nation to start the dialogue concerning its future status. The leader of the People's Action Movement said: "The advancement of the decades has taught us that the time has come for St Kitts and Nevis to review its monarchical system of government and to begin the dialogue to advance to a new status, just as Trinidad, Guyana, Dominica and now Barbados have done. "All political parties, along with civil society and the youth, will have an opportunity to guide the way forward." Mr Richards, who has also been Saint Kitts and Nevis' Minister of Education, Youth, Sport and Culture since 2015, made this comment as he and five of his Cabinet colleagues lodged a motion of no confidence against the nation's Prime Minister, Timothy Harris. Mr Harris has been the nation's Prime Minister since 2015 and he is the leader of the People's Labour Party. St Kitts and Nevis is a former British colony which achieved independence in 1983. At the time, the country decided to retain its links to the Queen and the Commonwealth. Mr Richards' call for a review that could lead Saint Kitts and Nevis ditching the Queen as the country's head of state comes as prominent Royal Family members have faced protests and calls for overseas realms to cut ties with the monarchy during their tours of the Caribbean. In March, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William visited Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas to mark the Platinum Jubilee. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'underestimated' life without royal platform Ahead of the Royals' arrival in Kingston, protesters gathered outside the British High Commission to demand slavery reparations and an apology for Britain's colonial past. The Duke of Cambridge addressed the issue of slavery in a speech he delivered during the state dinner thrown for the royals by the Governor-General of Jamaica. While he branded the slave trade "abhorrent" and said it should have never happened, he stopped short of making the apology demanded by activists. On their first day in Kingston, the Duke and Duchess were also told by the country's Prime Minister Andrew Holness his country is "moving on" and intends to "fulfil our true ambitions and destiny to become an independent and prosperous country", a declaration seen by many as the first step towards republicanism. Moreover, in the midst of the Cambridges' tour, the Bahamas National Reparations Committee issued a lengthy open letter asking for "reparatory justice". Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, also faced reparations calls during their tour of Saint Lucia, St Vincent and the Grenadines and Antigua and Barbuda. The Wessexes were not only addressed in open letters but were also put in the position to discuss the issue face to face with Antigua and Barbuda's Prime Minister, Gaston Browne. During a meeting with the royals as part of their tour, the politician said it was the country's wish to remove the Queen as its head of state in the future. He said: "We continue to have the Queen as our head of state, even though I should say we aspire at some point to become a republic. "But that is not currently on the cards so she will remain as head of state for some time to follow. "We're not trying to embarrass you, we're just trying to build awareness." Mr Browne also called on the Earl and Countess to use their "diplomatic influence" to help the country obtain "reparatory justice". He said: "You can even use your, let's say, diplomatic influence to build bridges in achieving the reparatory justice that we seek here in the Caribbean. "Because the reality is we have been left and bereft of important institutions such as universities and good medicinal facilities." However, Edward glossed over the points made by Mr Browne on republicanism and Britain's colonial past and joked he could not respond to all the points made as he had not taken notes. The Queen is still the head of state of 14 overseas realms, including Canada, the Bahamas and New Zealand. In November, she bid farewell to Barbados, which became the world's youngest republic during a ceremony attended in person by Prince Charles.