Former Countryfile presenter Julia Bradbury has been praised by her Instagram followers for sharing a bikini snap while addressing the "shock and impact" of her mastectomy. The BBC star, 51, revealed she had been diagnosed with breast cancer last September and since then has undergone a mastectomy and kept fans updated on her journey in a bid to raise awareness of the disease. Earlier today, Julia took to Instagram to share an insight into the post-operation process, which she said left her in “shock”. However, the presenter appeared in great spirits as she was able to enjoy the sunshine in a bikini. In view of her 207,000 followers, Julia posted a picture of herself sitting on a sunbed by the sea. The TV star could be seen smiling as she tied up her hair while soaking in the sun during a holiday in Mauritius. She penned: “I had no idea what life after a #mastectomy would be like. “I feel incredibly grateful that some things have gone my way during my #breastcancer diagnosis. “Each of our stories is different... I was fortunate to be able to have immediate recon after my breast was removed containing a 6cm tumour.” The presenter continued: “Nothing prepares you for the shock & impact...& yet but here I am in a bikini again. “Didn't think this would happen. Wearing wraps helps too.” Julia credited designer Melissa Odabash with making her amoeba-printed bikini. She also added a string of hashtags that read: “#gratitude #breastcancer #recovery #bikini #mauritius” It comes shortly after Julia shared a heartbreaking video of herself breaking down in tears after being told she needed a mastectomy. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [LATEST]Nick Knowles ‘rages’ at backlash over new partner 'Wealthier than me!' [UPDATE]Stacey Solomon issues apology over 'unrelatable' swimming pool update [INSIGHT] The BBC star posted a teary clip of herself sitting in her dressing room in shock as she struggled to take in the news. The star said she felt "utter shock, sadness & fear" following the news but revealed she has made a documentary with ITV about her experience with breast cancer. It comes after Julia had had her left breast removed along with a six centimetre tumour last October. Fans of the Watchdog presenter rushed to the comments section of Julia's most recent post to heap praise on the presenter for raising awareness. Flirtygirty49 commented: “You have had an incredible journey. You are braver than I would ever be, but I have to hand it You. (sic) “Chick, you look so hot in that bikini! I believe your continuing recovery is due to the positive attitude you have about your illness. “You've basically smacked your breast cancer in the face and told it to bog off! “You are an inspiration. Keep on fighting Julia. You are a winner xxx”