TalkTV was announced earlier this year, promising "proper" hourly news bulletins and plenty more. So when will the forthcoming channel launch and will it be free to view? Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about TalkTV. TalkTV will officially be launching on Monday, April 25, at 7pm. The channel is going to have a mix of news, entertainment shows, sports, as well as talks on current affairs, debates, opinions and documentaries, according to News UK. It will be brought to life with three primetime programmes, including none other than outspoken journalist Piers Morgan. His show shall air at 8pm, sandwiched between The Sun's former political editor Tom Newton Dunn's new show and TV personality Sharon Osbourne at 9pm. As the TalkTV brand continues to build, so will its number of various shows. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revenge Yes, TalkTV is going to be free for viewers to get stuck into from the launch date on April 25. Depending on what broadcaster you're signed up to, the channel number itself will vary. The channel numbers for linear TV will be as follows: Sky 526 Virgin Media 627 Freeview 237 Freesat 217 The channel is also going to launch on Sky's new streaming TV Sky Glass in the coming months. Some of the other platforms it will be available on as well will be Amazon Fire TV, Apple TV, Samsung TV Plus and YouTube. The programs are going to be available live and on catch-up on TalkTV's own website and apps. A final way of watching its content is through Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, TikTok and Snapchat. DON'T MISS...Ukraine general forced to sit out war freed 'Banged up in Germany' [EXPLAINER]Piers Morgan fires back as Laurence Fox brands him ‘chubby slug’ [REACTION]Piers Morgan leaks Susanna Reid's text after TalkTV 'snub' accusation [CAST] One of the shows to launch is Piers Morgan Uncensored, giving the controversial journalist time a new platform. He stormed off the GMB set last year when Morgan had an onscreen row with weatherman Alex Beresford over a Meghan Markle debate. Uncensored will be a "fearless forum for lively, intelligent debate and agenda-setting interviews; celebrating free speech and the right for people to share their views". Morgan had previously also worked for The Sun, New York Post, Fox Nation in the US and Sky News Australia. Uncensored will air daily on TalkTV with Morgan at 8pm from the launch date. In a statement, Morgan said: “I’m delighted to now be returning to live television with a new daily show whose main purpose is to cancel the Cancel Culture which has infected societies around the world. "I want it to be a platform for lively vigorous debate, news-making interviews, and that increasingly taboo three-letter word: fun. I also want it to annoy all the right people.” TalkTV will launch on Monday, April 25.