It's believed that the national lockdowns, implemented in response to the Covid pandemic, could have played a role. Officials say these lockdowns prevented children from being exposed to common infections in their formative years. As a result, it is believed children were left far more susceptible to viruses. One child, sadly, has reportedly died from the condition. READ MORE: Eight Omicron symptoms affecting fully vaccinated   While investigations continue officials say the disease could have been triggered by the adenovirus, a viral infection normally associated with the sniffles. It has been linked with three quarters of all cases so far. Meanwhile, the disease has also been reported in 12 different countries including the United States, Spain, and Ireland.     Although case numbers are rising, some medical doctors believe the cases are just the tip of the iceberg. Hepatologist Professor Simon Taylor-Robinson said of the outbreak: “I think there are more cases out there. I'd imagine there are more cases than have been reported, but they are likely to be less severe." However, while these new cases are concerning for parents, Robinson says in “99 percent” of cases the liver is able to regenerate and the chances of a child dying or requiring a liver transplant is low. Professor Alastair Sutcliffe added: “Families [should] consider if their child develops jaundice after the first few months of life; [if so] they need medical attention – fast. But that is true of any child who develops jaundice after the first few months of life, so it's not new advice." Despite the relatively low risk of children being infected with this new strain of hepatitis, it is nonetheless crucial people are aware of the symptoms so action can be taken. Symptoms of the disease include:• Dark urine• Pale, grey coloured poo• Itchy skin• Jaundice• Muscle and joint pain• A high temperature• Feeling and being sick• Loss of appetite• Feeling unusually tired all the time• Tummy pain. Dr Meera Chand from the UKHSA has said in a statement: “Information gathered through our investigations increasingly suggests that this rise in sudden onset hepatitis in children is linked to adenovirus infection. “However, we are thoroughly investigating other potential causes. Parents and guardians should be alert to the signs of hepatitis (including jaundice) and to contact a healthcare professional if they are concerned." Alongside keeping an eye out for symptoms, traditional hygiene guidance is advised, such as thorough hand washing. Express.co.uk will update the story as more information comes in from official sources.