Green NCAP is an offshoot of Independent crash test body Euro NCAP and has launched a new programme designed to help consumers choose the most eco-friendly cars. The scheme shows the CO2 footprints of different cars over a lifetime of use, and has some surprising results. A total of 61 cars have been assessed for the first phase of the LCA with an electric Fiat 500 coming out on top with the smallest whole of life footprint. One rating is for greenhouse gases emissions, measured over the equivalent of 150,000 miles, which means electric cars will do well. But the second is for Primary Energy Demand, which calculates the total amount of energy required over a similar cycle of manufacture, usage and recycling. And for that rating, a Skoda Octavia diesel estate came out as the number one lowest car assessed for PED. READ MORE: Electric car driver fined £100 after charging for just five minutes According to Green NCAP, car buyers should attach the same importance to PED as they do to greenhouse gas emissions. It said: “PED represents the sum of all primary energy extracted from nature to provide the transportation, including coal, oil, natural gas, hydro energy, wind, waste, solar and nuclear energy. “As energy supplies are scarce and valuable, they should be utilised wisely and the efficiency of all processes in a vehicle’s life cycle maximised.” And they added: “In the context of the European average electricity mix, big and powerful Battery Electric Vehicles may be in the same range as most diesel or petrol vehicles”. DON'T MISSLand Rover driver fined £1,000 after passing cyclist [SHOCKING]Hydrogen cars could cause a ‘nasty explosion’ if involved in a crash [INSIGHT]Diesel drivers face new parking costs three times higher than EVs [WARNING] The organisation states: “While it is true that electric powertrains are highly efficient and the ability to recuperate kinetic energy mitigates the energy losses, the impact of mass remains obvious. “The analysis also highlights the increased contributions of the production of a heavier chassis, bigger high voltage batteries and the manufacturing of more electric components, like cables and power circuits, to the estimated greenhouse gas output.” And while the UK government is committing billions of pounds to incentivise a rapid switchover to electric cars by 2030, Green NCAP’s Technical Manager Aleksandar Damyanov suggested EVs are not a complete solution. He said: “If the target is reducing CO2, we have options. “There is justification for electric if I'm driving only a few kilometers every day, if I don't need a big car, and if I can charge with a good renewable energy mix. “If I'm using an electricity mix that is dirty, and the calculations are not better than a conventional vehicle, I would say something different.” According to Damyanov there should be much greater focus on eFuels in future, synthesised from renewable energy. He added: “The internal combustion engine has a very bad image, but it is not the engine, it is the fuel that we put in it. If we fill it with dinosaurs, that is our problem. It will burn what it has to burn.” Damyanov said he understands that the Green NCAP figures will draw criticism. He explained: “There are people who see only black and white, and there are the EV freaks and the petrolheads. "The only thing we can do is serve the customers, the consumers, who are the biggest stakeholder that we have.