This is due to rules about the “starting amount” a person typically gets when they receive the sum. The starting amount is part of the new state pension and is calculated by two key components. It will be the higher of either: If a person is receiving the state pension, then their National Insurance record before April 6, 2016 will be used to calculate their starting amount. However, it is worth noting this starting amount may include a deduction. READ MORE: Pensioners lose £8,000 of state pension as expats see sums frozen This was the case if people were members of certain pension schemes, usually available throughout their working lives. Members of earnings-related pension schemes at work before April 6, 2016 may be affected. This is also the case for people in workplace, personal or stakeholder pensions before April 6, 2012. Individuals who took this approach may have paid lower National Insurance contributions. DON'T MISSNHS free prescription: 15 groups already do not have to pay [INSIGHT]State pensioners face ‘very difficult time’ ahead - how to get support [EXCLUSIVE]State pension warning as millions to work past 66 [ANALYSIS]  Instead, they could have paid into one of these pensions in its place. This is a process known as being “contracted out” of the additional state pension. The Government website warns this will have affected “most people who have been in work”. The process of contracting out has now been changed, meaning after April 6, 2016 individuals will no longer be contracted out. Historically, though, people may wish to check their contracted out status. Firstly, people can reach out to their old pension providers to see if they were contracted out in the past. The Pension Tracing Service may be able to help find contact details if they have been lost. Alternatively, some may wish to check their old payslips if they have access to them. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People were contracted out if the National Insurance contributions line had the letter D or N next to it. The letter A means a person was not contracted out. Any different letters will mean a person should check with their employer or pension provider. Britons are more likely to have been contracted out if they were in certain jobs. Primarily, this is the case for those who worked in the public sector. Roles include working for the NHS, armed forces, the police, the civil service and teaching.