Carlos Alcaraz is being tipped for greatness after becoming the youngest man ever to win the Miami Open. Having previously drawn comparisons to Rafael Nadal, with even the 21-time Major champion likening Alcaraz to a younger version of himself, a tennis legend is predicting the 18-year-old to win ‘double digit’ Major titles like the world No 4.    Alcaraz has the tennis world talking. after winning the Miami Open as the youngest male champion, third-youngest Masters 1000 winner and the youngest ever to reach back-to-back semi-finals in Indian Wells and Miami. The new world No 11 proved he is a current threat instead of a future star, and 18-time Major champion Chris Evert is the latest former pro to predict huge success for Alcaraz, admitting he is the “heir apparent” to Nadal. With the elder Spaniard holding the record for most men’s Grand Slam titles at 21, Evert believes the teenager will join him in the double-digits. "When Alcaraz lost to Nadal in Indian Wells, Nadal was talking about him and he said he's humble, passionate and strong. After he said all these superlatives, I just said to myself: ‘wait, he's talking about himself,’” the former world No 1 said. “And, sure enough, that's why he's the heir apparent to Nadal because he's got all those intangible qualities that are so appealing.” The 157-time singles title winner backed the Miami Open champion to make it to the top of the game, explaining the attributes that would make him one of the greats. “Like being humble and being passionate, along with the physical tools, his movement and the fact that he has no weaknesses,” she said, still comparing him to Nadal. JUST IN: Medvedev and Russian players face fresh ban threat from Wimbledon  “He's got the whole package and I know I'm just sounding like everyone else when I say he's going to win multiple Grand Slams, but he could be in the double digits in Grand Slams and become No. 1. There's just nothing preventing him in my eyes.” Alcaraz’s recent defeat to Nadal was one of just two losses he has suffered this season, and Evert thought the teenager would be winning Major titles sooner rather than later, having shared his own belief that he’s “ready” to win a Grand Slam as early as this year. "I am prepared, I am confident, I am also physically and mentally. Maybe it's not Roland Garros, but I can win a Grand Slam this year. And I'm not afraid to say it," he stated after his maiden Masters 1000 victory. "There is Nadal, Djokovic, Tsitsipas or Medvedev, who are the best in the world and favorites in a Grand Slam, but yes, I am not afraid to say that I am ready to win a Grand Slam." DON'T MISSTennis ace slaps opponent at the net causing ugly brawlRaducanu a 'more effective' character for tennis than KyrgiosSwiatek 'cried for 40 minutes' after Barty announced shock retirement  Evert also compared the young Spaniard to Roger Federer, adding: "All the great champions that had longevity - like Federer, Nadal, Martina Navratilova, and Steffi Graf - have that belief and I think it's innate and I would not expect anything less. I think that's one of the intangibles of a champion. "The intangibles are harder to see, when you're watching a player. You don't know what they're thinking, or what they're feeling, but that is 50% of the whole package: the belief that they have and how they problem solve, and that's all as important as the toolbox that you have as a player. And by believing in himself and saying it outright, he has sent out a message to other players: ‘I feel like I belong here and I'm going to achieve many things and you're not going to stop me.’"