Dan Walker has been a staple to BBC Breakfast for many years but has decided to jump ship to a rival news channel. The broadcaster will be joining Channel 5 as a lead anchor on the recently re-launched the hour-long 5pm bulletin with the channel. BBC Breakfast fans will be said to hear that news veteran and Strictly Come Dancing star Dan Walker is leaving the BBC for Channel 5. He joins Claudia-Liza Vanderpuije who co-presents 5 News which is produced by ITN. The arrival of Dan on the channel continues the evolution of the news on Channel 5. With up to 5.2 million viewers tuning in every week, 5 News plays an important part in the UK's media landscape. 5 News provides a unique perspective on the day's stories, delivering a greater depth of analysis to a teatime audience from around the UK. Read More: 'Been through a lot together' Cillian Murphy says goodbye to Peaky Blinders after 10 years Channel 5 posted the news on Twitter today, April 4 and said:  "Some news to share with you all from us at  @5_News. "@mrdanwalker will be bringing you the news at 5pm every day from now on. "And he's got something to tell you all - watch his video down below." Attached to the tweet is a short one minute video with the news anchor.  In the video, a smiley Dan said: "Hello, Dan Walker here. I have a little bit of news for you. "In the next few weeks, I'm going to be leaving BBC Breakfast and moving to 5 news and Channel 5 "I am really excited, but this has also been a massive decision for me." He praised his co-star Sally Nugent but continued: "Channel 5 came with big ambitions, with big plans, and I don't think opportunities like this come around very often and I can't wait." DON’T MISS…All Creatures Great and Small's Mrs Hall star explains her reluctance for romance [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin heartbroken as Toyah Battersby adopts baby Alfie [SPOILERS]The Walking Dead’s Leah star promises fans zombie series will 'never really end’ [LATEST] Within minutes of the video hitting the social media plans, hundreds of fans commented on the post. Jane Walmsley added: "Congratulations but really sorry to see you leave BBC Breakfast." Former Good Morning Britain boss Erron Gordon shared: "Congratulations Dan! Fabulous team @5_News." However, not everyone was a fan of his decision. Chris Robinson commented: " I love sally i love breakfast but i love money more lol cha ching dan get the paper." (sic)@Dorina335 said: "I wish you well Dan, but worry that Ch5 news isn't really a vehicle to take you forward. "Don't know a single person who watches it or even knows it exists." (sic) Director of Content for Paramount UK, Ben Frow, said of his appointment: “Dan Walker joining the Channel shows that Channel 5 attracts leading talent. "Dan is a renowned broadcaster and we’re looking forward to seeing him not just fronting 5 News but bringing his experience to programming across Channel 5 as we continue to develop and grow our output.” Meanwhile, Daniel Pearl, Commissioning Editor, at Channel 5 (VP) said: “We’re delighted that Dan Walker is joining the fantastic team at 5 News, as an anchor he will be instrumental in the success of Channel 5’s News output as it continues to grow and evolve.”