Sophie and Edward attended the event alongside the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. Lady Louise, 18, and her brother James, Viscount Severn, 14 also joined them at the service. Royal watchers reacted with delight at the pictures of the royals, with Express.co.uk reader HelenefromDenmark calling them "true royals". She added: "Lovely pictures and lovely branches of the family." Another, writing on Twitter under the nickname Canadian Mom, commented that Lady Louise looks "gorgeous" The service took place at St George's Chapel, located in the grounds of Windsor Castle. DON'T MISS: George not holding Kate or William's hands as he arrives at service [ANALYSIS] Queen will no longer attend events as public told to assume absence [INSIGHT]Kate dazzles as Duchess arrives at Easter Sunday service with William [PICTURES]  This came after Buckingham Palace announced that the Queen would not be attending the service. She was also unable to attend the Maundy Thursday Service, calling in Prince Charles to attend in her place. Lady Louise and James also stepped out last month for Prince Philip’s memorial service at Westminster Abbey. Speculation has been high over whether Lady Louise will pick up more royal duties in the future following her 18th birthday. Speaking last October, royal expert Phil Dampier said the Earl and Countess of Wessex’s daughter could have an "important" royal role. He told the Sun: "Lady Louise is definitely a favourite of the Queen and I can see her having an important role in the Royal Family in the future. "Her Majesty sees a lot of Edward and Sophie and their children at Windsor Castle as they live nearby at Bagshot Park. "The Queen is very close to her mother Sophie and of course there has always been a bond between them because Sophie nearly died giving birth and Louise has had her eye condition to cope with. "But she has grown into a lovely and intelligent young woman and the Queen adores her." Many other prominent royals were in attendance at the service. Princess Eugenie arrived alongside Peter Phillips and his children Savannah and Isla. Zara and Mike Tindall also attended with their eldest daughter Mia. Prince Charles and Camilla, however, were absent from the event.