The state pension rises by 3.1 percent from today, increasing the full new state pension to £185.15 and the full basic state pension to £141.85. But with the rate of inflation currently double the increase, at 6.2 percent, many pensioners are struggling to cope. Three pensioners in Pontypool, Wales, spoke to GB News this morning and insisting more needs to be done to help older people. One person, Bridget, said of the 3.1 percent state pension increase: “It's not sufficient to cover the cost of everything going up. “The utilities have just gone up, and they're going up again in October. “The triple lock has been taken away from us. READ MORE: PIP claim: The full list of freebies and discounts available from DWP - worth thousands “Elderly people will be dying of cold, not Covid, and the low intake of good nutrition, which is vital at our age.” The triple lock policy was suspended for the 2022/23 tax year, reducing the state pension increase implemented from April 11, 2022. Pensioners had been set for an increase of more than eight percent. Another pensioner, Maisie, said: “The hairdresser comes: £3 up, the chiropodist comes: £3 up. Everything's going up. DON'T MISSTV licence explained: Are you eligible for a £159 refund? How to apply [INSIGHT]‘Future looks bleak!’ Millions of older Britons unable to claim £150 council tax rebate [WARNING]State pension, Universal Credit and PIP payments to rise tomorrow - how much will you get? [BENEFITS] “I've got to an age now where I would like treats. I think I deserve them. “I taught for many years, I’m 93, and I think I need it.” Due to the 3.1 percent increase, the full new state pension will today rise by £5.55 a week. However, those who get less than the full sum will only receive a 3.1 percent boost on their current weekly income. Christine said: “I have noticed that everything is going up, particularly the shopping every week. “I've only got a small increase because I don't have a full pension, so my increase is only £1.97, I'm not going to do a lot with £1.97.” Christine did express her sympathy for Chancellor Rishi Sunak, who she says is experiencing a “difficult time” during the cost of living crisis. She added that pensioners must be “grateful” for the increase they are getting, as other groups, such as nurses, are not so fortunate. However, she believes pensioners are still in need of additional support. She continued: “Pensioners are a needy group, and therefore I really think that he does need to do something to help them because things are only going to get worse as we go through the year. “We've got the summer which we're all looking forward to, but by the time we hit October, I just don't know how some of them are going to cope.” Of the 3.1 percent state pension rise, Christine concluded: “It really isn't enough.”