Liverpool star Mohamed Salah's future at the club has plunged into further doubt after he admitted he was uncertain whether he'd extend his current contract at Anfield. Salah is refusing to be drawn into speculation over his contract situation amid a crucial period in Liverpool's history. Jurgen Klopp will need Salah in his best form for Sunday's mammoth Premier League visit to Manchester City, a clash with significant bearing on the title race. And the 29-year-old has deflected contract questions in the build-up, stressing his complete focus is on helping Liverpool secure three points at the Etihad Stadium. He told Sky Sports: "There are many things people don't know about it. I can't be selfish and talk about my situation, we're in the most important period [of the season] for the team, so I have to talk about the team and focus on the team. That's the most important thing. And the Egypt international also projected uncertainty when asked about his confidence in agreeing a new contract. "I can't say yes, I can't say no," Salah admitted. "I've said many times before about what I want, but then again, I can't really go deep into the contract because it's a really sensitive situation." JUST IN: Man Utd 'have approached Everton for Richarlison' but face competition  Liverpool are stuck in a dilemma where one of the stalwarts of an era of success, and arguably Europe's best this season, is approaching the age of 30 and is - rightly - asking to earn twice as much as he currently is. Salah's current reported £200,000-per-week wage is the joint-15th highest in the Premier League. When rotational players like Timo Werner, Edinson Cavani and John Stones are raking in more for their lesser contributions, it's no surprise Salah's representatives' demands are high. It will likely take Liverpool making the prolific winger one of the league's best-paid stars, alongside Cristiano Ronaldo and Kevin De Bruyne, around the £400,000 to £500,000 mark. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag 'wants to take trusted Ajax coach with him to Man Utd'  Salah's contract doubt is seemingly hindering his form after a blistering start to the campaign, suffering a worrying dip in productivity since returning from Egypt's AFCON heartbreak. He has been directly involved in 38 goals in as many games in all competitions this term, scoring 20 and assisting 10. However, since his AFCON involvement, Salah's numbers have significantly dropped, registering five goals and one assist in 12 appearances for Klopp's side. The German coach will be praying his star forward brings his best to what feels like a title decider this weekend. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.