Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has publicly ruled the club out of a summer bid for Borussia Dortmund goal machine Erling Haaland. Manchester City and Real Madrid are deemed the two front-runners to land his signature, but the lofty sums that would come as part of the deal have seemingly priced the Reds out. It has been another tremendous season for Haaland at BVB, racking up almost one goal per game despite injuries limiting him to just 24 club matches in all competitions. Chelsea tried their luck with a transfer swoop in 2021, but this summer his exit from Dortmund is viewed as a near-certainty due to a £63million release clause. Most of the continent's top clubs would consider him attractive at that price, but Klopp has already spotted the true figures behind the deal due to a multitude of hidden costs that would significantly bump up the final bill. "No chance! We won’t be going there," he insisted to Bild. "The numbers involved are just crazy – we’ll be having nothing to do with it. To be honest, I don’t want anything to do with it. It’s not fun." JUST IN: Leeds facing Raphinha tussle as Brazil icon Ronaldinho tells winger to join Barcelona On top of the hefty transfer sum which, granted, remains good value for money, agent Mino Raiola and Haaland's father, Alf-Inge, are both reportedly set to demand £17m each for orchestrating the deal. A hefty wage packet that could total up to £25m-per-year is also enough to get the eyes watering for any club that pulls the trigger. City and Madrid are believed to be in pole position ahead of this summer's inevitable tug-of-war, and both have the financial backing to cope with such astronomical costs. City have a few reasons to feel confident as Alf-Inge Haaland spent three years with the club between 2000 and 2003. Pictures of a young Erling sporting a Man City shirt have since surfaced on the internet, and Pep Guardiola would have a natural vacancy for the Norwegian given that his side have operated without a senior striker in their ranks for some time. DON'T MISS...Shaun Goater names two next Man City boss options that would annoy ArsenalSimon Jordan responds after Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp declared he's not a fan of punditMan Utd icon Wayne rooney trolls Gary Neville over 'highlight' of his career Madrid have always had serious pulling power, however, even if a rampant Karim Benzema could make Haaland's life tricky when competing for minutes up top. The move could also depend on the future of Kylian Mbappe, a long-term attacking target for Los Blancos who may suddenly opt against the switch and tie down his future at Paris Saint-Germain. The pitch to lure in Haaland effectively starts now for Madrid and City as they compete to show that they are the most attractive destination for one of Europe's most fearsome strikers. Both are still in with a shout as the Champions League enters its latter stages, with the Spanish side gearing up to face Chelsea and the Sky Blues taking a narrow lead into their quarter-final second-leg against Atletico Madrid. With Liverpool officially out of the race to sign Haaland, the two teams can plan for the summer with a little less stress on the mind.