The BBC Weather meteorologist said the cold weather is due to remain in charge as the new week begins before more mixed conditions kick in. He warned Britons will experience much colder weather on Sunday thanks to the blue skies set to remain in charge for most of the day/ But Chris Fawkes also noted milder air set to arrive as the week begins will cause conditions to be more unsettled. The forecaster said: "Temperatures are already taking a dive. "We've got clear skies in place, temperatures are already below freezing and it's going to get colder and colder over the next few hours. "A widespread and sharp frost with lowest temperatures in our towns and cities plummeting all the way down to about -3C or -4C degrees. "There could be one or two icy stretches first thing Sunday morning but otherwise, apart from it being cold, it'll be a glorious start of the day with lots of blue skies and sunshine." JUST IN: UK snow forecast: Britain to be hit by -2C Arctic air system bringing 8 inches of snow Mr Fawkes continued: "Through the morning, we'll see cloud bubble up across England and Wales, there'll be a few showers into the afternoon, perhaps one or two with hail. "Across Scotland and Northern Ireland, the cloud will continue to thicken, and here we'll see a band of rain move in from The Atlantic. "Temperatures similar to those of Saturday, so a similar feel generally with highs of 10C or 11C degrees. "However, as we go through Sunday night and into Monday, a band of rain is going to be pushing its way south and eastwards and that is going to introduce milder air to most parts of the UK." Despite the respite in freezing conditions set to kick in on Monday, weather maps have forecasted the cold snap is set to resume mid-week. WXCharts maps show Scotland and Northern England can expect snow to hit as early as midday Wednesday. The weather charts also show at least 1cm of snow in Newcastle as well as just north of Leeds, with Scotland set for as much as 20 cm (8in) in Fort William. DON'T MISS: UK snow: Bitter -7C cold snap to bring 8cm of snow [INSIGHT] Where will it snow in the UK over the next 24 hours- forecast [ANALYSIS] Met Office issues ELEVEN new weather warnings [REPORT] Netweather.tv's meteorologist Ian Simpson said Britons are facing the prospect of much more unsettled weather. Mr Simpson said: "Parts of southern England and East Anglia may reach between 13 and 15C on Monday and Tuesday in any brighter intervals. “The colder air over northern Scotland will spread southwards to all parts of the UK into Wednesday and Thursday, bringing brighter, colder weather with wintry showers. “It is expected that milder, wetter weather will slowly push northwards after Thursday of next week, bringing a spell of very wet weather for much of the UK and potential for snow, especially on high ground, on the northern flank of the low-pressure systems."