Vick Hope joined Ranvir Singh and Richard Madeley on GMB to discuss the results of the Olivier Awards and other showbiz news. The ceremony, which took place on Sunday, saw Emma Corrin sport a balloon print dress with a matching balloon tie brassiere. However, Ranvir was perplexed by the nominated star's choice of attire. Vick introduced: "When it comes to the best dressed of the night we need to talk about The Crown's Emma Corrin [who] certainly made a statement in her balloon inspired dress." Richard and Ranvir both remarked "oh" in shock at the unusual gown. "What's going on?" Ranvir said and Richard added: "No comment. Nothing to say on that." "That's okay, is it? [Producer] Owen is saying that's okay," Ranvir noted. Read more: Archbishop of York hits back at Ranvir Singh over Putin's Ukraine war Vick commented: "Where what you want to wear. If you want to put balloons on your chest, put balloons on your dress." "The silence in the studio...," Vick continued as Ranvir interjected: "I don't know what to say about that." The showbiz presenter questioned: "We'll move on, shall we?" "If you want to catch up on the rest of the action from last night's Olivier Awards you can catch it in full on the ITV hub." "You're not going to try [a balloon dress]?" Vick asked Ranvir. "It's not a dress I'd go for but if our producer extraordinaire says that's okay at 12 minutes past seven in the Easter holidays then so be it," Ranvir replied. Emma wore an orange dress with a balloon print from the Spanish luxury fashion house Loewe for the ceremony. She added a flesh-coloured balloon bra over the top of the gown. DON'T MISSAdil Ray clashes with Miliband over Labour party donors  [VIDEO]GMB fans slam Kate Garraway for 'interrupting' Ed Davey [INTERVIEW]Richard Madeley slammed for Scarlett Moffatt religion interrogation [INSIGHT] Emma completed the look with balloon-heeled black boots. Fans of the actress were torn over her unusual red carpet look. @clairemaddens tweeted: "I love u Emma Corrin but ur stylist needs to GO I cant fight for you much longer." (sic) @itsbeen2wks added: "Emma Corrin the icon of all icons!!!" "Emma Corrin is literally the coolest person ever," @myloverry wrote. @tilldcwn shared: "I kinda like Emma corrin’s red carpet look idk…" @Loola24335539 remarked: "I have been an Emma Corrin outfit defender but I can’t with this." Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.