Margarita Simonyan, the editor-in-chief of state broadcaster RT, has told Russian TV that there are two possible outcomes of the war in Ukraine. The Kremlin mouthpiece said that either Russia will lose in Ukraine or Moscow will start World War Three. Ms Simonyan is known to have a close relationship with President Vladimir Putin, even referencing this in her appearance on Tuesday. She said that "knowing our leader," the likelihood of nuclear war is the "most probable outcome". Russia's chief propagandist said that President Putin Putin will launch an all-out nuclear war on the West before he accepts defeat in Ukraine. In an eerie remark, she added that the Russian war efforts and sacrifice will be rewarded with a place in heaven. It comes after Russia successfully test-launched its latest nuclear missile - Sarmat 2 - last week. JUST IN: Russia suffers setbacks in Ukraine as major tank design flaw exposed  Ms Simonyan told Russia-1's 60 Minutes programme: “Either we lose in Ukraine or the Third World War starts. "Personally, I think that the most realistic way is the way of World War III, based on knowing us and our leader, Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin, knowing how everything works around here. "It’s impossible - there is no chance - that we will give up "That everything will end with a nuclear strike, to me, is more probable than the other outcome.  "This is to my horror, on one hand, but on the other hand, with the understanding that it is what it is.” Speaking to fellow propagandist Vladimir Solovyov, Ms Simonyan added "We will go to heaven, while the West will simply croak. “We’re all going to die someday.” DON'T MISS: Russia state TV host fury as soldier denounces Russian deaths [VIDEO]Passport backlash as Britons forced to cancel holiday travel plans [INTERVIEW]Ukraine LIVE: Putin urged to bomb 'totally boorish Britain' [LIVE BLOG]  Daily Beast's Julia Davis, who shared the clip, tweeted: "Russian state TV is raging about WWIII and an inevitable escalation over Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. "Citizens are being primed to believe that even the worst outcome is a good thing, because those dying for the Motherland will skyrocket to paradise." There are fears that the ongoing failures of Russia's military could prompt President Putin to take more desperate measures. On Wednesday, President Putin warned on Wednesday that if any other country intervenes in Ukraine, Russia will respond with “instruments nobody else can boast of, and we will use them if we have to". 