The final petrol powered Vauxhall Astra made in Britain rolled off the production line this week at the Ellesmere Port factory in Cheshire. The plant will be converted into a £100million electric vehicle-only production site. It comes in the same week as Ford ended European production of its Mondeo model after 29 years. Both the Mondeo and the Astra were familiar sights on British roads for decades, with the Mondeo especially known as a company car favourite. The Astra will continue to be made in Germany with hybrid and electric drivetrains. But the original has been made in Britain since 1981 and is one of the brand’s most recognisable models. READ MORE: New car tax changes today will leave drivers in 'sticky situations' The final Astra built was a red estate version with a petrol turbo engine - the kind of new car that will be banned in Britain by the end of the decade. That’s because the Government has announced the sale of all new petrol and diesel cars will be outlawed by 2030. The legislation has seen manufacturers scramble to put plans to ramp up the production of electric cars in place, with many including the likes of Volvo already saying they will ditch fossil fuels completely. Vauxhall, which is now part of the colossal Stellantis group that includes Fiat and Peugeot will now make Ellesmere Port the group's first electric-only production site, specialising in battery powered commercial vehicles and MPVs. DON'T MISSDrivers brand EV owners 'plain stupid' for not having home charger [SHOCKING]Petrol price checker: How to check the cheapest fuel near you [INSIGHT]Drivers call on electric car owners to pay car tax - 'very simple' [COMMENT] The plant has made cars in Britain since the day it opened in 1962 and will now be transformed to start producing EVs next year. Meanwhile Ford’s Mondeo, which has been on sale since 1992, will only be sold to the Chinese market, which still has an appetite for saloons. In the UK alone, Ford sold more than 86,500 Mondeos in 2001 but that figure fell to just 2400 units by 2020. In terms of models that aren’t SUVs or people carriers, Ford now only sells the Fiesta and the Focus in the UK. Ford is also moving exclusively to EVs, with all models becoming battery powered by 2030 across the entire range. Ford has pledged €5.2 million (£4.5m) to increase its battery pack assembly capacity in Valencia, Spain, adding to a €24m (£20.7m) investment announced early last year. It said: "The extra capacity is required to support increased demand for current and future electrified vehicle production." Back In Cheshire, the final Astra was celebrated by a gathering of the plant's workers and former employees who have seen 4million of the cars produced over 60 years. Paul Willcox, managing director at Vauxhall and senior vice-president for Stellantis, said: “Over the last 60 years, Ellesmere Port has become one of the great British car plants, producing some of the most popular cars on the roads across generations. "With one era closing, we’re now looking forward to an all-new electric era at Ellesmere, with the site becoming the first Stellantis plant to produce solely electric vehicles. “Vauxhall is fast moving towards an electric future and I’m pleased to see the next-generation of Vauxhall electric vehicles made in Britain.” Vauxhall will go all-electric by 2028 - two years ahead of the Government’s ban on fossil-fuelled cars.