The strong anxiety in the country about surging bills is undeniable and was powerfully demonstrated yesterday when energy customers crashed websites in their rush to submit meter readings.  The financial firepower Mr Sunak will have at his disposal to help people in the autumn will be determined by how the economy performs in the coming months. Britain is still dealing with the effects of Covid while the war in Ukraine has sent reverberations through the global economy. Mr Sunak responded with urgency when the nation needed the furlough scheme and he prevented a social disaster. He will not want to preside over a devastating rise in poverty and must understand that Britons do not wish to live in a society where people have to choose between staying warm and having food to eat. Similarly, energy companies must respond with compassion to customers who fall into desperate circumstances. The Chancellor will need courage and clarity to identify the right course of action and pursue it. History will judge him on what he does to help those in greatest peril.   A refreshing era of straight-talking is about to dawn at communications regulator Ofcom with the arrival of its new chairman Lord Grade. He described it as a "statement of fact" that the BBC's £159 annual licence fee is regressive, and said it was "wrong" for viewers to have to pay more at a time of increased hardship. The 79-year-old has also defended his past criticism of "woke" views. Lord Grade's candour, energy and readiness to rattle the establishment are beyond doubt, and it is fitting that one of the most experienced figures in the media is coming to such an important role as the country navigates the digital revolution. Border Collie Skye has completed an amazing 200 life-saving searches during more than a decade as a mountain rescue dog.The 14-year-old hero no longer ventures out in a fluorescent vest but it is tremendous that she has won the PDSA Order of Merit – the "animal OBE". Skye is a magnificent example of the cooperation between dogs and people seen in so many forms over the centuries. Dogs are also a source of exceptional comfort and companionship, and it is no surprise that during lockdown so many of us welcomed a pet into our homes. Skye may not understand why she is the focus of such adulation but she deserves the treats coming her way.  