Manchester United have made a shock approach for Everton forward Richarlison but face competition from one other club, according to reports. The Red Devils' transfer plans are becoming clearer as Ajax boss Erik ten Hag nears an appointment as head coach.    Ten Hag appears to have won the battle with Mauricio Pochettino to land the Old Trafford job, wide-ranging reports this week have claimed. United are believed to have held a second round of interviews this week, with the Dutchman seriously impressing. Candidates are likely to have given the United hierarchy a list of possible transfer targets. The Premier League club have already been linked with several players this week, including Ajax’s versatile defender Jurrien Timber and Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves. And now, Everton forward Richarlison has emerged as a transfer target. The Brazilian has endured a tough season with the Toffees, who remain in a huge battle to remain in the top-flight. JUST IN: Arsenal line up stunning Eden Hazard move after 'meeting' According to Sport Witness, United have ‘approached’ Everton about potentially signing the former Watford man. However, the publication claims that the 20-times English champions could face competition from Spanish giants Real Madrid for Richarlison’s signature. Madrid seem keen to sign a new forward in the summer, although they have Kylian Mbappe as their top target. Mbappe is out of contract at Paris Saint-Germain in the summer and will choose between staying in France or moving to Spain. Should the Frenchman remain at PSG, Richarlison could be the ideal replacement for Los Blancos. That is despite a poor campaign in which the 24-year-old has scored just six Premier League goals. DON'T MISS...Everton squad have 2 issues with 'clueless' Lampard amid drop fearsLiverpool boss Klopp has tough Salah decision to make vs Man CityArsenal line up stunning Eden Hazard move after 'meeting' Everton need to offload players in the summer regardless of which division they are in. The Merseysiders reportedly risk FFP sanctions having spent vast amounts since 2016. Over £550m has been spent on new signings since Farhad Moshiri became majority shareholder six years ago. Eye-watering fees have been exchanged for players who have failed to make a mark at Goodison Park. Meanwhile, Ten Hag is seemingly preparing to take charge at Old Trafford. However, interim head coach Ralf Rangnick remained coy when asked about the 52-year-old on Friday.    The German said: "This is the press conference for tomorrow’s game and I don’t intend to speak about any possible new managers here. From what I know, all the managers the club has spoken to so far are top managers, top coaches and this is true of Erik ten Hag. “That's all I can say at this stage. For me it's about preparing the team for tomorrow's game and hopefully three points tomorrow.”   