IMF chief economist Pierre-Olivier Gourinchas announced on Tuesday that rising prices, the economic impact of Russia's war in Ukraine and the lingering impact of Covid led to the organisation cutting its global growth forecast for this year and 2023. He explained: "We now project inflation will remain elevated for much longer in the United States and some European countries." Mr Gourinchas continued: "Increases in food and fuel prices may also significantly increase the prospect of social unrest in poorer countries immediately after the invasion." The IMF sharply increased its forecast for inflation across a majority of economies. It expects the consumer price index to rise to an average 7.4 percent in Britain and 7.7 percent in the United States this year. Mr Gourinchas said: "Inflation has become a clear and present danger for many countries."  It warned in its latest World Economic Outlook that the war is expected to further increase inflation. The IMF said social unrest over rising prices could erupt particularly in vulnerable developing countries. He added that geopolitical tensions are leading to speculation that a new multipolar world may arise. This would see Europe and the US in one system with China and Russia in another.  READ MORE ABOUT A UK SHOW OF FORCE TO PUTIN  Mr Gourinchas called that model a potential disaster for the global economy. He said: "So eventually we know that we're going to be in a world in which it's not just the United States dollar, it's not just the dominance of the dollar. "The question is what kind of transition we put in place to get there. And one scenario is one where we have divided blocs that are not trading much with each other and are on different standards. "And that would be a disaster for the global economy."   DON'T MISS: Photos show missiles being loaded onto HMS Audacious in Gibraltar [REVEALED] 'We must ban boilers to force public to switch to £10,000 heat pumps' [REPORT] Meghan and Harry not welcome in UK: 'Public will not forgive!' [LATEST] He explained that the second scenario would see a managed transition that maintained and protected the gains from globalisation that have lifted hundreds of millions out of poverty and allowed emerging market economies to soar in the last 30 to 40 years. The IMF slashed its forecast for global economic growth by nearly a full percentage point on Tuesday, citing Russia's war in Ukraine. The IMF said other risks to the outlook include a sharper-than-expected slow down in China prompted by COVID-19 lockdowns. Downgrading its forecasts for the second time this year, the lender said it now projects global growth of 3.6 percent in 2022 and 2023.  This represents a drop of 0.8 and 0.2 percentage points respectively from its January forecast. The EU, which is highly dependent on Russian energy, saw its 2022 growth forecast cut by 1.1 percentage points. Britain now faces slower economic growth and more persistent inflation than any other major economy next year, according to the IMF. It attributes the global changes in part to the war's direct impacts on Russia and Ukraine.  IMF Managing Director Kristalina Georgieva said: "What has Russia's invasion of Ukraine cost? A crisis on top of a crisis, with devastating human costs and a massive setback for the global economy." Russia's war has worsened inflation which was already rising in many countries due to imbalances in supply and demand linked to the pandemic. Lockdowns in China are likely to cause fresh bottlenecks in global supply chains. The IMF warned of a rising risk that inflation expectations would become de-anchored, prompting a more aggressive tightening response, which could put pressure on a wider range of emerging market economies. 