Since his birth on April 23, 2018, the nation has delighted in watching Prince Louis grow up before our eyes. As the littlest Cambridge, Louis has been a source of joy for royal fans over the past four years, often entertaining people at engagements with his hilarious antics. And now Louis is just shy of his fourth birthday, many have taken to social media to voice their opinions on who Louis looks most like.  In recent months, many have expressed the opinion that Prince Louis takes after his maternal family, with comments abounding of a resemblance between him and his grandfather Michael Middleton. Twitter user @Pooja33719735 wrote: "I think he [George] has a little bit of resemblance to Charles Spencer, but George also looks a lot like a young Prince William! "I think Prince George and Princess Charlotte got the Queen and Prince Williams’s genes, whereas Prince Louis definitely takes after Michael Middleton!" User @Dawn98905885 concurred, writing: "Yes Prince Louis looks like his handsome Grandpa Middleton."  READ MORE: Queen's driver forced to slam on brakes in terrifying near miss Many have also drawn comparisons between Louis and his doting mother Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. User @annefroud1 added on the platform: "Prince Louis is so cute and adorable, and he looks like his Mummy". But as for Louis' siblings, the jury is out on whom Prince George and Princess Charlotte look most like.   George has often been compared to his dad William, with pictures showing that the two future kings looked almost identical as little ones. Both George and William have fair hair, like William's mother Princess Diana did, and George has often been dressed in similar outfits to the ones his father wore as a child. Princess Charlotte's looks have also drawn comparisons to Prince William, like her brother George. But Charlotte has also often been compared to several other members of the Royal Family, including Princess Margaret's daughter Lady Sarah Chatto, who shared Charlotte's brunette locks as a child.  DON'T MISS:Prince Louis pictures through the years as he celebrates birthday [PICTURES]Inside Kate & William's £1.5m Norfolk home - 'traditional yet modern' [ANALYSIS]George not holding Kate or William's hands as he arrives at service [INSIGHT] Many pictures of the Queen when she was little also show some striking similarities between the Queen and her great-granddaughter. @RoxanneReaction wrote on Twitter: "Fans have spotted a striking resemblance in Princess Charlotte and the Queen. "They look similar (like a young Elizabeth) and there is something about the way Charlotte is lately that is reminiscent of the Queen Elizabeth. I bet they're spending quality time together lately." While another account, @DuchessH6, said: "Princess Charlotte looks so much like her grandmother HMTQ". 