Officer Melissa Saenz appeared in court for the Johnny Depp, 58, and Amber Heard, 36, trial yesterday, to give her evidence in a pre-taped video. Officer Saenz was asked about her visit to the former couple's penthouse apartment in 2016 and what she recalled from the event. Officer Saenz was questioned by Amber's lawyer Elaine Bredehoft about the events which took place in May of that year. During the trial, she said: "I did not identify her as a victim of domestic violence." She also added that she did not see any evidence of a crime, including broken glass or any mess in the penthouse. It was the last argument between the couple before Amber filed for a divorce and a restraining order, which she did a week later. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ In the request for the restraining order, Amber alleged Johnny hit her with a mobile phone during that encounter, leaving her with a bruise on the right side of her face. In the court file submitted, Amber included a picture of her bruised cheek. Amber's lawyer further questioned: "Do you perceive there to be an injury or evidence of injury on Amber's face in this photo?" Officer Saenz replied: "No, I do not." Lawyer Elaine then asked: "What is your perception of the redness on the cheek and the eyelid and above the eyebrow?" Officer Saenz then claimed: "It's consistent with her crying - she's fair skin, her face is flushed." Amber's lawyer then reiterated: "You don't think it's consistent with a cell phone being thrown at her?" Saenz responded: "Correct, it does not look like an injury caused by a cell phone. It's consistent with someone crying." There was then a conversation about the lack of damage to the penthouse and when she left all she thought about was how nice it was, adding she did not see the need to file a report. DON'T MISS... Richard Gere, 72, in rare appearance with stunning wife Alejandra, 39 [PICTURES] Emmerdale's Mark Charnock's emotional farewell as co-star leaves soap [ITV] Demi Rose almost bares all as she poses naked in robe with new hairdo [INSTAGRAM] Her testimony followed expert witness, Dr Shannon Curry, taking to the stand who is a clinical and forensic psychologist. She concluded that Amber shows consistent traits with Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD) and Histrionic Personality Disorder (HPD). These two conditions follow patterns of emotional instability and attention-seeking behaviour. Dr Curry testified that she was initially hired by Johnny's lawyers early last year, to review files in the legal battle between the ex-couple, and identify behaviour in their relationship that may be consistent with "intimate partner violence". This comes as Johnny took to the stand to give his testimony a day prior where he claimed he was the victim of domestic violence. The actor took to the stand to conclude his testimony in the $50 million libel case against Amber. Camille Vasquez, Johnny's lawyer finished with the question: "What did you say in response when Ms Heard said, ‘Tell the world Johnny, tell them I Johnny Depp, a man, am a victim too of domestic violence?'" Johnny then firmly told the court: "I said, 'yes I am'." During his testimony earlier in the day, the Hollywood actor admitted that he was "ashamed" of texts he had sent to fellow actor Paul Bettany. Johnny had sent several texts, including seemingly threatening messages concerning Amber, to his friend, where he suggested he wanted to "burn" and "drown" his ex-wife. The trial will continue this week.