Newcastle United icon Alan Shearer pinpointed four players for merciless criticism after Sunday's 5-1 defeat at Tottenham Hotspur. Eddie Howe's side were 'all over the place' as they suffered their third loss on the bounce in humiliating fashion, despite taking the lead in north London. Fabian Schar's 39th-minute free-kick sparked hope of upsetting the books and stealing another three points from the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. But moments later, Ben Davies' equaliser sparked a relentless fight back from Antonio Conte's men. Matt Doherty gave the hosts a dream start to the second half before Son Heung-min added a third on 54 minutes. Emerson Royal struck to make it 4-1 just past the hour mark, and Steven Berwijn made another impact off the bench to complete a five-star rout. Newcastle have faced painful woes on the road in recent weeks and must still face Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester City in their final eight games of the season. And whilst Shearer has slammed the entire team for their display on Sunday, he has issued a stinging criticism of four players in particular after the dreadful result in the capital. JUST IN: David Ginola pretends to walk off Sky Sports set after 'trap' set He told Premier League Productions: "Dan Burn, who has had a lot of praise and rightly so during the early part of his Newcastle career. He has really struggled in the last two or three games. He struggled massively in that second half. But he wasn't the only one. "Saint-Maximin didn't give anything. For some reason, they put Jonjo Shelvey as a third centre-half, which I didn't really understand. Targett was not good enough or strong enough. They were all over the place. We can go through every single member of the Newcastle team and criticise." READ MORE: Harry Kane compared to Diego Maradona after dazzling Newcastle display A superb run of results at the start of 2022 steered Newcastle clear of the Premier League relegation zone, now nine points in safety. However, Howe believes the Magpies are still engulfed in a battle to avoid the drop after three successive defeats. "We're still in a huge fight to stay in the division," Howe admitted. "That's six away games in seven. Now we return home and they'll be massive games. After a second half like that you want to play again very quickly. I want to put the memory of this game away." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.