A group of 11 countries – led by Denmark – have issued a strongly-worded statement this morning calling for a renewed push for "EU energy independence". It calls for the bloc to "become independent of Russian fossil fuels as soon as possible through accelerating the green transition towards climate neutrality in the EU by 2050 at the latest". This is referring to the EU's Fit For 55 plan which will reduce its total gas consumption by 30 percent by 2030 and contribute to full energy independence from Russian fossil fuels as soon as possible. It comes as the Ukraine war has exposed just how reliant the bloc is on the Kremlin's dirty fuels – with estimates placing imports at around 40 percent. The signatories are the climate and environment ministers of Denmark, Germany, Finland, the Netherlands, Ireland, Austria, Spain, Luxembourg, Latvia, Sweden and Slovenia. Those missing include France, who last year were one of the most critical about the EU’s climate ambitions. Politico reports that diplomats have noted that even before the war, France was not particularly keen to move forward on the climate package. The sudden push from the 11 members also comes after the UK published its new Energy Security Strategy. Speaking this morning, Business and Energy Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng said it will ensure that the UK will get its "energy independence" back. The plan involves a huge push for renewable energy sources in order to slash foreign reliance, slash bills and tackle the climate crisis. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has hailed it as a "bold" strategy "to scale up and accelerate affordable, clean and secure energy made in Britain". The Government says its new strategy for "homegrown" energy will protect Britain from some of the international price hikes that have hit household bills. READ THE FULL STRATEGY HERE The plan sets out how the UK will accelerate the deployment of wind, new nuclear, solar and hydrogen, whilst supporting the production of domestic oil and gas in the nearer term. The Government claims this plan will result in 95 percent of electricity by 2030 being produced from low carbon sources. The plan also features a major boost to the production of oil and natural gas in the North Sea. The idea has proved highly controversial in the past, with the proposed Cambo oilfield facing a lot of backlash from climate activists. READ MORE: Australian mystery after bloated 'alien' creature washes ashore [REVEAL] 'What a legacy for Merkel' Germany humiliated as Russia sanctions fail [INSIGHT] The deadly weapons UK could send to Ukraine to end invasion [SPOTLIGHT] The statement read: “Our ambitious plans also include a licensing round for new North Sea oil and gas projects planned to launch this Autumn, with a new taskforce providing bespoke support to new developments – recognising the importance of these fuels to the transition and to our energy security, and that producing gas in the UK has a lower carbon footprint than imported from abroad.” Mr Johnson said: “We’re setting out bold plans to scale up and accelerate affordable, clean and secure energy made in Britain, for Britain – from new nuclear to offshore wind – in the decade ahead. “This will reduce our dependence on power sources exposed to volatile international prices we cannot control, so we can enjoy greater energy self-sufficiency with cheaper bills.”