The summer holidays are fast approaching, and for many, this marks the end of a school year, and also the time many will be booking breaks away for the first time since Covid restrictions were lifted. If it hasn't already, the Easter half term will be drawing to an end for most at the end of the week, with the May half-term soon to follow. School term dates are recommended by local Government to its respective constituencies, and different schools work to different holiday dates. For example, community, voluntary controlled, and community special schools can work on different dates as academies and free schools. For this reason, it’s always recommended to check your child’s respective school term dates before booking any holidays or making any plans. However, most schools adhere to similar time scales for term dates, and Express.co.uk has compiled the more general dates.  READ MORE: Two children who fled Ukraine start first day at UK school  As the Easter holiday draws to an end for most, many will be returning to school for the new summer term. Term dates do vary across schools and locations, but commonly, the summer term began on April 19. The next half term is due to start on Monday 30 May, lasting a week before schools return for the final term of the school year on Monday 6 June.  After returning on Monday 6 June, commonly schools will be back in action for another six weeks before breaking up for the summer on Friday 22 July. Typically, students will get around six weeks off school before starting the new school year in Autumn. Many European countries have relaxed travel restrictions, while others have axed restrictions completely, you can find a list of those here. DON'T MISS: Climate change: GCSE students to learn how to save planet [INSIGHT]National Offer Day: What to do if your child didn't get their place [EXPLAINED]Sajid Javid needs to crackdown on vaping devices targeted at children [ANALYSIS]     You’ll likely face much fewer entry restrictions if vaccinated, so it might be worth booking in for a jab beforehand. However, there are still many places allowing entry for those who aren’t vaccinated, including popular destinations Greece, Croatia, Norway, Mexico, Cyprus, Portugal and Turkey. A more comprehensive list can be found here. Most schools will be returning for the autumn term on Thursday, September 1, 2022. The next half term from them will begin on Monday, October 24, with schools due to return on Monday, October 31. The Christmas holidays will come next, with pupils due to break from the final term of the year on Monday 19 December. 