Semina Halliwell is believed to have taken her own life shortly after an interview with a police officer, following claims she was raped by an older boy who she said had groomed her online. Semina fell unwell after the alleged attack and spent four days in hospital before her death on June 12, 2021. Since the death, Semina's mum Rachel Halliwell raised concerns over how police had handled her daughter's case. And now the grief-stricken parent has released a chilling photograph of her daughter taken just days before she died. It shows weak Semina in a hospital bed, attached by a wire to a machine. Rachel wants the image to act as a warning to others on the devastating impact of bullying, Liverpool Echo reports. The mum said Merseyside Police officers investigating the alleged rape made Semina "feel like an inconvenience", and she has complained to the Independent Office for Police Conduct.  Rachel said a detective "started talking about all the forms he'd have to fill in and how long it would take him to fill those forms in". Rachel's aunt Clare Halliwell says the detective then told Semina: "It's your word against his and do you really want this hanging over your head for 18 months, because it wouldn't go to court for 18 months to two years." The mother, of Southport, Merseyside, says she believes Merseyside Police "failed her daughter". The force said today it was "not appropriate" to comment on the issues raised ahead of a planned inquest into Semina's death. A spokesperson for the force said: "The matter is currently being considered by the Sefton, Knowsley and St Helens coroner and as such it is not appropriate for Merseyside Police to comment on any of the substantive issues raised at this time, as we would not wish to prejudice the coronial investigation. "However, we have, and are, co-operating fully with the coroner in this matter." A spokesperson for the coroners' office also said they were unable to comment on this or any case that is under investigation. The spokesperson added: "The date of inquest will be published in due course." The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter. 