The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped back from royal duties in March 2020, relocating to California. Prince Harry has made a handful of trips back to the UK since, but Meghan only briefly returned to UK turf when the couple met with the Queen ahead of the Invictus Games earlier this month. But their high-profile split from the Firm was one that left the Queen “conflicted” over how to proceed before the news hit the headlines, Princess Diana biographer and former Tatler editor Tina Brown has revealed. A source told Ms Brown that the monarch was “supportive” of the Duke and Duchess’ move away from royal life because she could “see how unhappy Harry and Meghan were”. The Sussexes’ movements away from the Crown were “clear from as early as the autumn of 2018”, Ms Brown claims in her new book, The Palace Papers. But the split had to be carried out “in an orderly way” that “set the right precedent”, a palace source claimed. Ms Brown, drawing on information from a “former palace staffer”, wrote: "The family saw the split coming only months later, in the summer of 2019.” The source added: “They could all see how unhappy Harry and Meghan were. “Everybody was supportive of them leaving. “But they wanted it done in an orderly way. READ MORE: Thomas Markle to visit UK for Platinum Jubilee “And they also wanted it done in a way that set the right precedent. “William's got three kids. The precedent they set for this generation would affect his children. “He's very mindful of that. So they wanted it done properly." Ms Brown claims the decision to quit Royal Family duties was one made by Prince Harry, but was executed “with acceleration from Meghan”. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan accused of 'disliking England' [LIVE]Platinum Jubilee celebrations MAPPED - The key events near me [MAP] Thomas Markle savaged for 'constantly betraying' Meghan [REACTION] The source claimed the move was one of the “best things Meghan could do” for the Duke as a spouse. The source commented: "I thought one of the best things that Meghan could do for Harry was to take him out of royal life because he was just so unhappy for so long.  “He needed a wife to come in and say, 'actually the best thing for you is that I take you out of this.'" The Duke of Sussex raised eyebrows in an interview with NBC last week, in which he said he was making efforts to see the Queen surrounded by the “right people”. The Duke commented that it “was great” to be reunited with the monarch after the extended time apart. He told NBC: “It was just so nice to see her. “She's on great form. "She's always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure that she's, you know, protected and got the right people around her."