The UK is set to face “lots of cloud” and “lingering showers” as the Easter sun disappears for much of the weather ahead. Meteorologist Matt Taylor explained the nation can expect increasing cloud and showers that could become “heavy and thundery”. During his forecast for BBC Weather, Mr Taylor highlighted cloud cover will increase and showers will become “abundant” across much of the country.  Unfortunately for the UK, temperatures moving forward will be “down on recent days” as the Easter heat fails to continue.    The BBC Weather host warned the beginning of the week could hold “showers” and a “chilly start” for much of the UK. Initially, frost can be expected across Scotland and much of Ireland with “lots of cloud across England”. Towards the end of the week, Mr Taylor warned there will be a “developing Easterly breeze”. The change in wind is set to drag “mist and low cloud” across much of the UK, especially coastal regions.    The easterly wind is set to create an “East-West contrast” across the UK as temperatures suffer a further drop as the breeze moves in. Mr Taylor explained the change in wind could see the coast of the UK “a good deal cooler” than the temperatures enjoyed over the bank holiday weekend. By comparison, the “sheltered” West will largely escape the wind and see an improvement in conditions as “temperatures climb up into the mid-teens, perhaps maybe high-teens.” The meteorologist highlighted there is “a lot of dry and sunny weather to come” as the days move forward. Read more: UK weather forecast: Rains and winds to return in sunny showers England, in particular areas of East Anglia and the wider South, can expect “much more sunshine” towards the end of the week as the harsh cloud cover begins to fade. Similarly, Taylor highlighted a “North-South contrast” across Europe as ‘sunny’ holiday destinations experience a shift from their usual sunshine. Norway will reach “20° in Oslo” as Scandinavian countries benefit from a shift in pressure. Unfortunately for holidaymakers, Taylor predicted “rather cold conditions across Eastern Spain” as European temperatures shift. Don't miss:Weeding tips: How to ‘effectively’ get rid of garden weeds [INSIGHT]Mercury nosedives to FREEZING with heavy rain in bitter eastern winds [REPORT]UK weather: Easter heatwave to end as mercury set to plummet to 6C [REVEAL] The tourism hotspots of Benidorm and Barcelona are set to peak at a seasonally low 15° in between continued showers. Back in the UK, Taylor predicted the “North will stay dry” towards the weekend as earlier showers move on. However there remains an “increasing chance of showers” across the South and Wales as damp conditions prevail. Taylor explained many coastal regions of the nation will continue to experience lower temperatures as the week draws to a close.  