Adele Roberts has revealed one of the painful side effects of chemotherapy as she continues to battle bowel cancer. The 43-year-old radio presenter was diagnosed with cancer late last year and has since undergone surgery and chemotherapy to remove the tumour. In a new Twitter post shared in view of her 60,900 followers, Adele explained that she currently has to open bottles with her mouth due to the “hand and foot syndrome”. The syndrome is a side effect of some chemotherapy drugs that can cause redness, swelling and blistering on the palms of the hands and soles of the feet. But despite the discomfort of her side effects, Adele expressed her joy over nearing the end of her cancer treatment. Adele wrote: “Down to opening bottles with my mouth because of hand & foot syndrome." READ MORE: Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore 1599273 She added that she was trying to avoid waking up her partner Kate to assist her, explaining: “Don’t want to wake Kate up at stupid o’clock to help me. “One week to go and then I start my final cycle of #chemotherapy. Cannot wait!” Adele’s tweet sparked a barrage of replies from friends and fans sharing their joy over the presenter’s good news. Heart Radio presenter Lucy Horobin penned: “Good morning gorgeous. You’re so close now, warrior woman! “Also, you’re even more of a legend for being able to open bottles with your mouth!” Adele replied: “Good morning beautiful! I’m crawling to the finish line. “Hope my teeth last. They’re starting to rattle xx.” Twitter user Alice_robinson7 said: “Oh Adele - sending you a big hug and positive thoughts over WiFi - you are such a ray of sunshine on airways & on here - you’ve got this. “Wondering what cld help - lots of refillable water bottles without lids ?” (sic) In her reply, Adele gave fans a further insight into the grueling effects of her medical condition as she explained that her feet hurt when walking around the house. The former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! contestant typed: “Sounds like a plan! We’re not at home at the moment so I’m trying to make the best of it. “It’s a constant balance of drinking, but also being brave enough to walk in my feet to the toilet. It even hurts my hands to use the flush and wash them. Nearly there! Xx” Last October, Adele revealed she had been diagnosed with bowel cancer in an Instagram post, in which she explained she had been struggling with her digestion “for a while now”. She added: “Thanks to a conversation I had with my Dad a few years back I went to my GP for a check-up. I’ll be honest, I was embarrassed but I also knew that it could be something serious. “So I went just in case. I didn’t think anything of it at first and just assumed it might be food sensitivity. “After a few phone calls, I was sent for some examinations and checks. I was then diagnosed with bowel cancer. This was at the start of the month.”