Charles (played by Kevin Mathurin) has been busy helping his partner, Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker), in recent weeks on Emmerdale as her sister, Meena Jutla's (Paige Sandhu) murder trial edges ever closer. However, he broke away from his worries for his other half to speak with Amelia (Daisy Campbell), who was acting rather suspiciously during the most recent instalment of the ITV soap. It seems something is playing on the youngster's mind and unable to talk to her own father, Dan Spencer (Liam Fox), about her troubles, she could end up confessing her secret to the vicar she has ended up expecting a baby after losing her virginity to a boy at school. The episode began with Amelia talking to Dan and her surrogate mother figure, Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton) as they celebrated her father's birthday. When it came to leaving for school, her friend and love interest Samson Dingle (Sam Hall) walked into the village shop. He stopped her in her tracks as he asked Amelia if he could walk her to the bus stop, to which she declined the offer and walked out. Later on in the instalment, the young schoolgirl was seen arranging some Easter decorations in the church but something was clearly on her mind. In recent years, she has turned to God and religion and for some reason, she felt as if she had committed a sin that she didn't want anyone to know about. READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? As the schoolgirl thought she was alone, she was shocked when she heard Charles enter the church and start talking to her. "Great work, Amelia," he commented, applauding the youngster's commitment to help with the church's Easter decorations. The first hint was dropped about her possibly being pregnant when she replied: "Daffodils, they're all about new life after the winter." This could be a tease to suggest there is new life growing inside the teenager as she might have slept with a boy at school. Amelia thought a couple of weeks ago Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) had a crush on her and she was ready to lose her virginity to him. However, she soon discovered she was a pawn in his game to try and win Chloe Harris (Jessica Elland) back so he could sleep with her. This left the teenager heartbroken as she thought she had finally found someone who was ready to open up their heart to her. Unfortunately, as a result of this rejection, she could have slept with a boy at school who was showing her some attention. The pair might have not have taken all the precautions to stop a pregnancy as a few days later, the youngster could have started to experience morning sickness. A pregnancy test would have confirmed the news but the fact she gave Samson the cold shoulder shows she doesn't want anyone to know. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Emma Atkins left 'devastated' by Charity Dingle's fate [COMMENT]Mark Charnock: Emmerdale star on signs of 'devastating' stroke [COMMENT]Hayley Tamaddon health: Star was left in 'agony' after IBS flare up [COMMENT] As she continued her conversation with Charles, Amelia continued to drop hints she had done something she thought was bad. The youngster asked the vicar: "You know Jesus died so all our sins could be forgiven, so is that all our sins?" "As long as we truly repent," Charles said, to which the teenager followed up with: "So there is nothing so terrible God couldn't forgive?" "Nothing. That's his message, Amelia. And it's especially important at this time of year," the churchgoer continued. Noticing something wasn't quite right with Amelia although unsure as to what, he added: "You know you can talk to me about anything." Manpreet entered the church and asked to speak with her partner, bringing his conversation with Amelia to an abrupt end. It is likely the vicar will try to continue this talk in upcoming episodes and as Amelia continues to confide in him, she could admit she has had sex. Although, she could ask for his help over what to do with the pregnancy as she feels she can't tell anyone else because of the judgement she will receive. The vicar will be left with a huge dilemma on his hands as he knows the best course of action would be to tell the youngster's loved ones. However, will he agree to keep Amelia's secret and continue to support her with whatever decision she makes about the baby? Earlier the year, it was revealed to Express.co.uk and other media there would be some new arrivals in the village over the coming months. Executive producer Jane Hudson dropped a big hint as she said: "There will be a new baby arriving in Emmerdale before the end of the year. "I think that's not giving anything away as there are so many female characters in the show, but there will be a new arrival before the year is out." Could the female character be Amelia and when the baby does arrive, will she want to keep it? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays