Prince Harry sent shockwaves when he made comments about the Queen during an NBC Today interview, that aired last week. During the programme, he said he wants to make sure the Queen is "protected" and has the "right people around her". These comments garnered a lot of attention and one person, in particular, was the Queen's ex-chaplain, Dr Gavin Ashenden. Dr Ashenden spoke about Harry's comments on GB News, before referring to the Duke as a "jester". Speaking on GB News, Dr Ashenden said: "I think one of the most interesting things that's come out of the news of late, is something we ought to laugh about, is every country needs a jester. "Or somebody to make them laugh. "I think, dear Prince Harry has made himself into our national jester and by coming back [to the UK] and explaining that the reason that he doesn't need national security and can visit his family and be polite to them is because his grandmother [the Queen] needs his personal protection". Dr Ashenden added: "That's such a wonderfully, gloriously idiotic thing to say. "I think we can just thank him for bringing a smile to our lips at a time when the news is rather grim - and be grateful to him for that". READ MORE: 'Will rock the Sussexes' Meghan Markle's dad Thomas set for 'shock' announcement TONIGHT Prince Harry and Meghan Markle made the decision to step down as senior royals in 2020. This was almost two years after they got married on May 19, 2018. When the couple announced their departure, via their Instagram account, the Queen didn’t publicly oppose the couple’s decision but, however, seemed to decide very quickly that the couple was "either in or out" and that it was an all-or-nothing situation. Harry and Meghan had previously requested, in their announcement, to continue to "fully support Her Majesty The Queen" but to "work to become financially independent". Speaking on a previous episode of Royally Us, biographer Tom Quinn said: "I think Meghan and Harry are hoping, and I've had this on good authority when the Queen dies, Charles will be open to allowing Harry and Meghan to be part-time royals. "Which is what they wanted from the start." READ MORE: 'You live in splendour & wealth attained by crime' Blistering Antigua letter to Wessexes Tensions between Prince Harry and the rest of the Royal Family have been heightened for some time, but have been made worse since his, and Meghan's, royal exit. The rifts have been particularly prominent with his brother, Prince William and his father, Prince Charles. During his interview with NBC Today, which aired last week, Harry refused to comment on whether he misses Prince Charles and William, amid their ongoing feud. The Duke replied: "For me, at the moment, I'm here [at the Invictus Games] focussed on these guys and their families and giving everything that I can, 120 percent to them, to ensure they have the experience of a lifetime. "That's my focus here, and then when I leave here, I get back and my focus is my family, who I miss massively." DON'T MISS Queen Camilla would have had Diana's blessing, claims royal expert [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's mother Diana admitted 'Easter always difficult time' [REVEAL]Kate Middleton recycles baby blue Emilia Wickstead dress for Easter  [REPORT] Prince Harry currently lives in the US with Meghan and their two chidren, son Archie, who turns three next month and daughter Lilibet, 10 months. In the NBC interview, The Duke said: "Home for me now is, you know, for the time being, it's in the States. And it feels that way as well".