After nearly three years away, thousands of racing fans will descend upon Liverpool for the Grand National Festival. This year, the highly-anticipated racing event will take place on April 9. It usually happens annually at Aintree Racecourse, but was held behind closed doors last year, and cancelled the year before, due to the coronavirus pandemic. The Grand National race is one of the most famous horse races in the country and is watched by millions around the world – including members of the Royal Family. It is well-known that the Queen is a great lover of horses: she began horseback riding aged just three years old, and has passed her passion on to younger generations of the Royal Family. Extending beyond her own participation in the sport, the Queen is a longtime racehorse owner, and has made millions off of her horses. In June last year, her race manager John Warren told Radio 4 that the Queen reads Racing Post every morning. He said: “Every race that takes place every day of the week, the Queen will certainly read the Racing Post every morning, look at the breeding of all the winners the day before, and see that these stallions that she uses will be potential horses for her own mares.” However, despite her love of the sport she chooses not to attend the Grand National meeting. The Grand National has a relatively high rate of equine deaths and injuries, and has attracted controversy over the years. According to Peta UK, 29 horses have died as a result of racing at the Grand National meeting since 2010. Many campaigners have spent years calling for a boycott, arguing that the race is too dangerous for both horses and jockeys and therefore morally dubious. And so, according to the Daily Mail, the Royal Family cannot be seen to support the races. For this reason, Her Majesty, and many senior members of the Royal Family, do not attend. That being said, both Princess Anne and her daughter Zara Tindall have been spotted at the races in recent years. DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan have 'backed themselves into a corner' with Philip memorial absence [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry blasted by Camilla Tominey for not offering ‘right of reply’ to claims [EXPERT]Kate Middleton’s timing of George birth didn’t follow history: ‘Can’t detract from Queen’ [ANALYSIS] Both Anne and Zara have inherited the Queen’s love for horse riding, and have taken their passion to a professional level. Anne was the first member of the British Royal Family to compete in the Olympic Games and Zara was the first to win a medal. Royal commentator Victoria Arbiter told a Channel 5 2020 documentary entitled ‘Zara & Anne: Like Mother, Like Daughter?’ that the mother-daughter duo found “freedom” in horse riding. While Anne had to focus on her responsibilities as a senior royal, Zara had the ability to take her career as a professional equestrian further. Zara won four gold medals: three at the European Championships and one at the World Championships, in both Individual and Team Eventing. In 2012, the year of the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee, she won a silver medal at the Olympics, which was presented to her by her mother. Both Anne and Zara have been awarded with the BBC Sports Personality of the Year, in 1971 and 2006, respectively. While neither of them currently compete, they are regular attendees of the country’s horse-racing events. Last year, they were joined by Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall at Royal Ascot, a special week of races held at one of Britain’s most well-known racecourses. The Royal Ascot is a particular favourite of the Queen, who has attended nearly every year since her coronation in 1953. The Queen first attended Royal Ascot in 1945 at the age of 19, and she has had 23 winners at the world-renowned race day. Her Majesty delighted fans when she made an appearance at the races later in the week, her attendance was not guaranteed due to other engagements and coronavirus fears. Camilla described the Queen's equestrian love affair as her "passion in life". She told ITV Racing during last year’s Royal Ascot: "She [Queen] could tell you every horse she's bred and owned from the very beginning — she doesn't forget anything. “I can hardly remember what I bred a year ago but she's encyclopaedic about her knowledge."