The energy brought by the Capricorn Moon will drive you to secure more order and structure to your day-to-day. A heightened focus on putting work in to achieve goals will stir - and expect the potent Mars sextile energy to lend a helping, resourceful hand. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for April 21. The Moon is in Capricorn all day, meaning today will be all about structure, discipline, responsibility, goal-setting, resourcefulness and ambition, according to Stylecaster. Cafe Astrology said: “Our sense of responsibility is stronger than usual; our careers, reputation, and objectives are in focus with the Moon in this practical sign.” Capricorns, known for their “can do” attitudes and unwavering pragmatism, are the masters of discipline. Determination and increased motivation will transcend all and any of your tasks today, and with the Moon’s sextile to Mars, expect a more “think outside the box” approach.  READ MORE: William and Kate's astrological compatibility  Cafe Astrology said: “The Moon’s sextile to Mars is suitable for activities that engage our emotions. “We’re especially resourceful and focused on performance, and we have a good sense of future trends in business. Astrology King said a Moon-Mars sextile “gives a passionate enthusiasm to work”, as well as stirs “a competitive yet also a cooperative” nature that will make winning easier today. Cafe Astrology said: “While we’re more aware of our practical responsibilities and drawn to the tried and true,” you’ll be more “open to new ways of getting things done.”   You might even enjoy making small changes that benefit your projects, as Cafe Astrology summarises with a Capricorn Moon, “we strive for increased self-sufficiency.” However, work is required to bring your ideas into reality - so use this Moon’s energy as the inspiration to get moving. Tarot.com advises not to succumb to potential hiccups, “especially when the Moon squares quick-tempered Chiron”. It continued: “Thinking outside the box is likely the answer, supported by the Moon trining creative Uranus in Taurus. We can finish strong!”  DON'T MISS:Get to know the Capricorns in your life [INSIGHT]Vitamin B12 deficiency: Unsteady movements 'may be subtle at first’ [ANALYSIS]Supplements: Four supplements shown to increase the risk of cancer [EXPLAINED]    A moon trine with Uranus makes for a great time to brainstorm new ideas or experiment with new approaches as thoughts and feelings may move at a more rapid pace than normal. Astrology.com said: “It will be helpful to find creative outlets to move energy through you, whether that be through physical exertion or artistic and musical expression. “If you receive a passing flash of insight today, give it extra attention, such as writing it down and working it over more in your mind. “It is possible that an initial spark of thought you receive can end up leading you to make significant innovations in your life in the future.” 