Major fuel changes were made at the beginning of the month with the aim of cutting down on pollution rates by restricting the use of rebated fuels for certain fuels. Rebated diesel, also known as red diesel, as well as rebated biofuels and rebated Hydrotreated Vegetable Oil (HVO) are no longer allowed to be used as they currently are. Alastair Hayfield, Senior Research Director at Interact Analysis, evaluated how big of an impact the red diesel rebate would have on drivers. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: "From April 1, the UK Government has banned the use of rebated diesel – red diesel – for machinery used for construction work. “The construction industry has lobbied hard against this change – particularly given the recovery from Covid and the impact of the Ukraine conflict on oil prices. “But the UK Treasury has stuck to its position: it is necessary to implement this change to help the UK meet its 2050 net zero ambitions. READ MORE: Driver fined £65 because shadow of his car was in disabled spot "Will this policy drive a shift to electric machinery to save costs or will it have little impact on emissions and lead to project cost inflation? “And with raw material prices still high and an increase in National Insurance, will this lead to a ‘perfect storm’ in 2022?” Research from Interact Analysis has found that some businesses will see costs increase by more than £170,000 just by using one machine - a 50 tonne excavator. For smaller vehicles, costs could still increase for a single vehicle by more than £10,000. DON'T MISSLand Rover driver fined £1,000 after passing cyclist [SHOCKING]Hydrogen cars could cause a ‘nasty explosion’ if involved in a crash [WARNING]Red diesel restrictions attacked as drivers call for 'radical rethink' [COMMENT] There are now fears that companies which currently use red diesel to fuel vehicles and equipment will pay around 47p a litre more for the fuel. Research commissioned by Research Management Association Scotland found that operating costs are expected to rise by around 15 percent, with companies facing additional fuel expenses of between £100,000 and £400,000 per year. In March, many builders, farmers and construction workers saw prices for red diesel increase dramatically, with some businesses reporting the price to be as high as 112p per litre. Mr Hayfield also discussed whether there was a future for electric vehicles in the construction sectors and if it would be able to replace the loss of red diesel. He continued, saying: "The great advantage of electric vehicles – cars, trucks or excavators – is that the running costs are much lower than their conventionally fueled equivalents. “Electric powertrains are much more efficient – making better use of the ‘fuel’ – and maintenance and service costs are lower. "As of April 2022, if you look at the main JCB website the monthly hire purchase price for its electric mini-excavator – the 19C-1E – is listed as £1,320. “A diesel model – the 18Z-1 – is only £660 per month. “Even allowing for the lower cost of fueling an electric excavator, the red diesel rebate reform doesn’t add enough cost to justify a move to battery electric machinery in the short term. “The high price of batteries means that it is still better – if painful – to stick with diesel. “In this regard, the UK Treasury’s decision to remove the rebate for construction vehicles is unlikely to reduce emissions." Red diesel is the same as standard diesel, or white diesel, but is dyed red to make it more identifiable because it is taxed at a much lower rate. For those who will no longer be able to use rebated fuel, they will need to use diesel or biofuel which the full rate of fuel duty has been paid for.