Tottenham sent scouts to watch Lens pair Seko Fofana and Cheick Doucoure help the Ligue 1 club record an impressive 3-0 win over Nice on Sunday, according to reports in France. Spurs boss Antonio Conte is planning a busy summer transfer window and is understood to be keen on the duo. The Italian endured a frustrating January, despite Spurs eventually managing to sign two players who have reignited their top-four charge. Rodrigo Bentancur and Dejan Kulusevski have fitted in seamlessly since joining from Juventus. Conte might have expected more signings in the winter but will certainly demand money is spent heavily if Spurs qualify for the Champions League. It now seems that his summer plans are coming together, with several players already linked with transfers to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Former Manchester City youngster Fofana and Lens team-mate Doucoure are said to be on Spurs’ radar. The duo would bolster Conte’s midfield options, and stats website transfermarkt rates them at a combined £25m. JUST IN: Timo Werner 'thought Chelsea were through' after Real Madrid goal    According to French publication Jeunes Footeux, Spurs sent scouts to watch both players feature in Lens’ victory over Nice last weekend. It was a feisty game that included three red cards, including one for former Southampton star Mario Lemina. Spurs might have been particularly impressed with Doucoure, who scored a wonderful goal to give his side a 2-0 lead. The 22-year-old received possession 25 yards from goal and curled an effort into the top corner. It was Doucoure’s first goal of the season, adding to his four assists in 28 Ligue 1 appearances. He has been capped five times by the Mali national team but failed to make their squad for the Africa Cup of Nations. DON'T MISS...Newcastle plan 'significant' Eriksen offer to beat Spurs and BrentfordVirgil van Dijk 'knew Man Utd rejected him to sign Victor Lindelof'Chelsea takeover battle heats up as Dodgers co-owners join rival bids Meanwhile, 26-year-old midfielder Fofana has seven goals in 31 league games this term. The six-times Ivory Coast international was a member of Man City’s academy and spent the 2014-15 season on loan at Championship Fulham. He failed to make a competitive appearance for City but has had a steady career since joining Udinese in 2016 for £2.5m. Fofana moved to Lens two years later and has made 66 appearances for the French outfit. The report shows that Conte is perhaps looking to strengthen his midfield in the summer, despite already having plenty to choose from in the middle of the pitch. Bentancur and Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg have formed an excellent relationship, while the likes of Harry Winks and Oliver Skipp await first-team opportunities.   