Leyla (played by Roxy Shahidi) has been distracted in recent scenes on Emmerdale, with her behaviour becoming of concern when she missed the end of Meena Jutla's (Paige Sandhu) murder trial which her husband Liam Cavanagh (Johnny McPherson) had to face alone. Although she has been questioned by the likes of Wendy Posner (Susan Cookson) about her whereabouts, she has shut every line of enquiry as it seems she has been hiding something massive. This could be because she has been betraying her other half for weeks on the ITV soap as she might have been sleeping with Vanessa Woodfield's (Michelle Hardwick) new love interest, Suzy (Martelle Edinborough). Towards the end of Thursday night's episode, Leyla was left shaken when she spotted Suzy on a date with Vanessa in the Woolpack. As Vanessa was present, the Take A Vow owner had to play it cool and had to hope Suzy didn't blow the real reason why they knew each other. In Vanessa's eyes, this was the first time the two characters had met so she was intrigued as to how they had met before. Suzy explained: "We go years back. We both work in events management so we move in the same circles. Wedding fairs, restaurant openings, that sort of thing. "And you don't want to know what we get up to outside of work," she continued but before she could go any further, Leyla cut her off. READ MORE: Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’ "I'm sure Vanessa doesn't want to know about my boring social life," she said, hinting she and Suzy could be having a secret romance. Still testing on the edge of revealing the truth, the newcomer added: "What happens on tour, stays on tour. Hey, Leyla?" Vanessa proceeded to ask: "So are you two in touch all the time?" to which Leyla replied: "Occasional touch." Surprised at how coy Leyla was being, the newcomer added: "What are you on about? We literally did a work event together two weeks ago." Before the Take A Vow owner could speak again, Vanessa needed to nip to the toilet so Leyla and Suzy were given some time to talk alone. Not noticing how tense Leyla was, the newcomer remarked to her possible secret lover: "I can't believe you and Vanessa know each other." "Yes, it's a small village," the businesswoman replied sharply and when Suzy asked if she was ok, the beloved villager snapped. "What do you think? You, here, in my local, talking up one of my mates," she said, hinting she didn't want people to know they knew each other. "That's alright, isn't it?" the newcomer commented but Leyla didn't seem impressed whatsoever. "No Suzy that's not alright because this is my life. My actual, real-life," Leyla hit back, dropping the biggest hint they could be having an affair. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker bids sad farewell to co-star Paige Sandhu [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten posts health update after hospital rush [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Katie Hill told to go back home by bosses after blunder [COMMENT] Although Leyla has never shown any interest in a woman before, the fact she knows Suzy and doesn't want her around could suggest they have been sleeping together. Furthermore, they could actually be in a relationship and Leyla doesn't want her husband to know about her betrayal. It would explain why she has been missing from key events recently and Suzy could be the woman she has been taking secret phone calls from. However, whether they are having an affair or not, Suzy assured Leyla she didn't need to worry about their real connection coming to light. The newcomer told her possible girlfriend: "You do not need to worry. No one is going to hear a thing from me." "I don't want you here," Leyla told her, to which Suzy replied: "Leyla, it's alright. I'm not going to say anything. "I would never dream of saying anything," the newcomer remarked. Hinting she was jealous but also not wanting Suzy to be in the village any longer than she needed to be, the businesswoman said: "You and Vanessa cannot be a thing." Suzy was shocked by what her supposed girlfriend was telling her and told Leyla: "You cannot tell me who I can and cannot go out with." Before they could continue their conversation, Vanessa returned from the toilet and therefore, their secret couldn't be clarified. The actress who plays Suzy, Martelle, spoke with Express.co.uk and other media ahead of her arrival in the village and confirmed her secret with Leyla was going to be interesting. Martelle explained: "The [viewers] will be very shocked. It’s going to be very good and that’s all I am going to say. "There is more than them being work colleagues and I think that’s what is going to shock viewers the most. It’s very exciting stuff!" So, could it be the last thing viewers would be expecting is for Leyla to be having a same-sex relationship with Suzy? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.