Loose Women star Nadia Sawalha played the role of Annie in the BBC long-running soap EastEnders between 1997 and 1999. Appearing in 166 episodes, she had the pleasure to work alongside June Brown's Dot Cotton. Joining her fellow ITV daytime colleagues, she gave viewers insight into what it was like to work with the Walford veteran. Joining the panel of well known female TV personalities, Nadia appeared virtually on Tuesday's instalment of the show. Charlene White, Coleen Nolan, Carol McGiffin and Linda Robson all paid tribute to the iconic EastEnders star and invited Nadia on to share her thoughts on the actress passing away at the age of 96. Charlene hosted the show and opened up the conversation, and said: "Let's bring Nadia into this." Reminiscing on her time on the soap, Nadia said: "My first day on EastEnders. Read More: Carolina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Carolina Santos now? "I walked into the cabin, and she was sat under the no-smoking sign smoking. "I'd been obsessed with her before I started the show..." Looking back at her time on the show, she recalled that when she met the icon on her first day, she "froze" and "couldn't say anything". She added: "I was so starstruck. "I don't know if she'd have described herself as a method actress, but whenever we were at the studio, I only heard Dot. "You know, occasionally in the makeup room, she would talk to me as June, but if I met her in the studio, she was Dot. "I never saw her in her own clothes in the studio, and I never saw her arrive, I never saw her leave." June played chain-smoking hypochondriac Dot Cotton for 35 years and was a fan-favourite in the show. DON’T MISS…Dan Walker quits BBC Breakfast as he lands hosting role on Channel 5  [LATEST]Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits: ‘Voyeur in sister’s love life’ [LATEST]Derry Girls writer claims Brexiteers 'didn't know what they were voting for' [LATEST] Nadia continued: "She was incredibly quirky. "People try to be quirky, but I think that June was the original quirky person." Off-screen the actress dressed to impress. The digital guest described: "Her clothes were outrageous in real life.