Aberdeen star Calvin Ramsay has admitted “it’s good” to be linked with a summer transfer to Liverpool. Ramsay has emerged as a target for the Reds ahead of the off-season, and the 18-year-old right-back could well be on the move this summer.    Ramsay has caught the eye while playing 32 times across all competitions for Aberdeen this season. The Scottish side have struggled for form this season, but that hasn’t prevented Ramsay from embellishing his reputation. Liverpool and Manchester United have been sent scouts to watch the young defender this season, whose performances have been recognised with the Scottish Football Writers’ Young Player of the Year award. After collecting the gong earlier this week, Ramsay spoke about the interest from other clubs. “There has been quite a few clubs linked with me, in January as well,” he said. “But, for me, I’m still an Aberdeen player, I’ve still got to focus on the four games left this season and keep putting in good performances if I can get myself back in the team. In the summer, we’ll see where it takes me.  JUST IN: Joe Gomez's stance on quitting Liverpool for Aston Villa “It’s good being linked with those clubs but I’ve just tried to block it out really. You can’t get caught up in all of that. That’s the worst thing, especially as a young player. I’ve just broken into the first team this season, so I’m trying to block it out and keep playing my game. The rest will take care of itself. “If you come into the first team and play well, like I have, anything can happen. The likes of Aaron Hickey when he came in at Hearts. He did well and got a big move to Serie A (with Bologna) and he’s been brilliant, scoring goals and everything.” Liverpool reportedly want Ramsay as back-up for Trent Alexander-Arnold. That role is currently held by Neco Williams, who is on loan with Fulham. Liverpool were open to selling Williams if bids in the region of £10million arrived in the past two transfer windows.  DON'T MISS Liverpool 'considering two signings' after completing Carvalho deal Liverpool have transfer plan in case Real Madrid win Tchouameni race Abraham admits Salah inspired Chelsea exit as Tuchel frustrations air However, according to the Liverpool Echo, the Reds have been impressed with Williams’ form in the Cottagers’ Championship promotion push and are no longer in a rush to move on the Wales international. If Ramsay does arrive at Anfield, he will relish the opportunity of being able to learn from one of his idols. “My dad has helped me a lot,” he said when asked about his influences. “Obviously players like Trent Alexander-Arnold, Kyle Walker, all those top players, I like to watch videos of them and try and base my game on them. He added: “Obviously they (Alexander-Arnold and Walker) are at a high level and if I try and base my game on them, then I know that I’ve got a chance of going as far as I can. As a full-back, watching Trent and his crosses and his technical ability, if I can get to that level then it would be a bonus. But at Aberdeen, I’m just trying to do as well as I can and see where that takes me.” 