Con Cluskey, one of the founder members of vocal trio The Bachelors and the first Irish group to top the British charts, has died aged 80. The news of his death was confirmed by the singer's management team. In a candid statement, they shared their heartbreak, adding that Con will "never be forgotten". Noel Gee told Express.co.uk: "Con Cluskey was a huge star working alongside some of the greatest names in showbusiness – especially during the 1960s and 1970s when his band "The Bachelors enjoyed enormous success across the world. "Con was a family man and his close family will be missing a loving father who brought them up without any of the craziness that superstardom often brings. READ MORE: Al Pacino, 81, leaves restaurant with Mick Jagger's ex-girlfriend, 28 "Con was a religious man and a devout Catholic." They added: "As his business colleague I held him in exceedingly high regards. He was my friend. "Sadly missed but never forgotten." His brother told RTÉ news that Con died peacefully on Friday (April 8). Tributes have poured in for the musician on social media as fans commented on the news. Twitter user, Pete Conway commented: "So sorry to hear of the passing of Con Cluskey of The Bachelors over the weekend. Spent many happy hours in his company over the years. (Photo with brother Dec). RIP Con." Mike Murphy remarked: "Seen them in Blackpool when I was a kid in the 60s. RIP Con." Paul Burton wrote: "I was sad to hear that Con Cluskey of The Bachelors has passed away. I worked with Con and Dec on my 21st birthday. In fact, I ended up on stage with them, but that story is for another time. RIP, Con." DON'T MISS... Jeremy Clarkson fears 'dying' before Diddly Squat mansion's built[LATEST]Louise Minchin steps out with husband as Dan Walker reacts to pic[INSTAGRAM]Richard Madeley says police didn’t investigate when thieves took car[TV] Jess Conrad added: "Another friend gone... Happy times photobombing The Bachelor @ConCluskey at the Howard Keel Golf Classic back in the day." Conleth, best known as Con, began playing music alongside his brother Declan in the 1950s. The duo went on to form the group The Harmonichords with John Stokes. In 1960 the group changed their name to The Bachelors and went on to have many hits in Ireland, the UK and further afield. Some of their popular songs include Charmaine, Diane and I Believe. Although it failed to top the Irish charts, Diane made it to number one in the UK, making The Bachelors the first Irish group to achieve that feat. Over the course of their lengthy career, the band released more than 70 albums, appeared in two films and performed in venues all over the world. They continued playing and performing as the Bachelors in the 1970s and 1980s, with Con and Dec later performing as a duo.