The Duchess of Cambridge would often get loads of attention for her wardrobe and popularity in the Caribbean, and this never once seemed to bother the Duke of Cambridge who seemed happy to be there. This posed a stark contrast to his parents, the Prince and Princess of Wales, when they toured Australia in 1983. Charles famously would get jealous when the crowds would cheer for Diana as they’d go on royal walkabouts.  Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to offer her analysis of the two couples. Judi said: “This royal tour became the moment that Kate really did step out into the spotlight like the royal star she is and begin to take the lead on many of the couple’s public moments. “This has been a slow-burn evolution for the couple and for good reason. Windsor men can be surprisingly difficult when it comes to star billing. “Diana was very aware of Charles’s increasing professional jealousy of her once she started being mobbed on their royal tours and Charles treated like the less popular option, even saying he felt pushed out of the way by fans keen to stop him blocking their view of Diana.  READ MORE: Peter & Autumn's body language 'looked pretty besotted' post-split “Charles was keen to verbally praise his wife and to speak about her with some pride at the time, but with royals is it all about ‘show don’t tell’ and his body language began to look awkward and difficult as the spotlight turned away. “It was said to be one factor in the deterioration of their relationship, as well as the other factor Camilla, who now appears to be deeply aware that upstaging her Prince in any way is not going to be a good move,” the expert claimed. How does this compare to William and Kate? Judi continued: “William and Kate have always looked not only aware of historic problems in the relationships of the Royal Family but also very tuned into how to avoid them.   “History literally does have a habit of repeating itself, especially when it comes to emotional and marital traits, but William does seem to have proved that he is not his father’s son when it comes to this rather immature behaviour. “Charles should have been genuinely delighted that Diana was such a success and even proud that he had picked well, not just in a wife but in a future Queen that the public adored. “Her popularity would have ensured new life and even a new sense of survival would have been injected into what was a rather stuffy and out of touch royal Firm. “Instead though, he was said to suffer personal resentment and jealousy.  “This response could have suggested inner low self-esteem, as though someone else being popular means you believe you are disliked as a reaction. “Diana actually made Charles more popular but to see the dynamic as competitive shows inner unhappiness,” Judi noted. She added: “William’s body language with Kate suggests he is totally comfortable, relaxed, happy and even relieved to see her step out centre-stage. “His facial expressions suggest respect and awe as he watches her and his body language rituals are complimentary rather than those of rivalry.  “When Kate gets stuck in on the tour William stands beside or slightly behind her with his hands clasped in front of his torso and his head slightly bowed. “His puckered grin suggests affection and happiness at what he is watching. “He seems to believe (rightly) that praise and affection for his wife is praise and affection for him as well. “The couple work as a synchronized, finely-honed team and there are no glances from Kate to suggest she feels the need to ‘check’ approval from her husband and no interruption or competition from William when she is on fire.” 