Amy (played by Elle Mulvaney) has been busy romancing Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan) of late on Coronation Street and she has also become an employee at her mother, Tracy Barlow's (Kate Ford) florist shop. Whilst she has been more relaxed about her school studies, Summer (Harriet Bibby) has been driving herself into the ground revising for her mock exams, with very little consideration for the fact she needs to pay close attention to her diabetes. However, when stress begins impacting her care for her medical condition, she could end up dead on the ITV soap and there is only one person who would know about her secret. The drama continues in next week's episodes as official soap spoilers have revealed Summer will still be busy putting her studies before her health care. Billy Mayhew (Daniel Brocklebank) is becoming more and more concerned about his surrogate daughter as she notices she has been staying up all night revising. Not wanting her to put herself through any unnecessary stress, the vicar tells her to take some rest bite or she will burn out. For someone with type one diabetes, this would throw their blood sugars off sync, leading to more severe complications. Aadi Alahan (Adam Hussain) decides to call in on his ex-girlfriend, knowing she hasn't been taking her insulin injections properly. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Meena Jutla to fall pregnant before she exits Although the teenager has the best of intentions, he is ushered out of the house by Summer as she doesn't want any distractions from revision. It's not too long before Billy is interrupting her again as he reminds her she offered to help out at the church but she tells him she doesn't have any time. Worried about his surrogate daughter, the vicar calls on Amy for some help and the youngster promises to keep an eye on her friend. Keeping to her word, Tracy's daughter calls around t see the diabetic and persuades her to take a break from all the revision she has been doing. Eventually, the teenager manages to get her friend out of the house so they can go and enjoy a coffee together at the café. When they are there, Roy Cropper (David Neilson) offers them some bacon sandwiches for free to help with their studies. Summer pretends she is grateful for the food but it will be clear to viewers she is a lot more concerned about eating anything than first thought. She mentioned to Billy a few weeks ago she was worried her insulin injections were making her put on weight but it seems the issue has become a lot more dangerous. After eating the bacon sandwiches at the flat, Amy leaves her friend to it but she has to rush back when she realises she has forgotten her phone. However, Amy uncovers her friend's secret as she discovers the schoolgirl is retching in the bathroom, forcing herself to be sick. DON'T MISS...Michelle Collins, 59, engaged to toyboy beau, 38, after 10 years [COMMENT]Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim [COMMENT]Corrie’s Beverley Callard begged Ricky Gervais for role in After Life [COMMENT] When Summer discovers her friend heard her, she denies she has been making herself sick but Amy isn't buying anything. The youngster threatens to tell Billy about the extent of her friend's eating problems but she doesn't expect the response she gets. Stressed out, Summer begs her friend not to tell the vicar about her being sick and she promises she will never do it again. Unfortunately, this is a promise the youngster cannot keep as she will continue to make herself sick as part of a diabulimia storyline. This is an eating disorder that arises in people with type one diabetes when they reduce or stop taking insulin to lose weight. It also results in the person making themselves sick to avoid intaking any of the calories the food they've eaten would have in it. As Summer continues to make herself ill, she could take it to the extreme whereby she passes out and is unable to regain consciousness. Amy would be heartbroken she didn't speak out about her friend but when confronted by Billy, she could tell him everything. She could explain she only wanted to be a good friend to Summer by not telling him about her secrets but he would think the opposite as it could have saved her life speaking out. Unfortunately, this could see Amy blamed for the youngster's death and the following months could see her struggle with the judgement she receives from her other friends and loved ones. Speaking about the storyline, the actress who plays Summer, Harriet, has addressed what's on the horizon for the youngster and her friend Amy. The soap star said: "Summer definitely doesn't want to admit that there is an issue, so it's tricky because she doesn't want the help at the moment when Amy catches her. "I think the best thing Amy could do is just to try and talk to her and try to make Summer see that getting help is the best option. "And that will help her more than keeping it a secret and trying to manage this on her own. I think just talking about it would be the best thing." Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.