Emmanuel Macron goes into the final round of voting in the French election seeking a second term as President, having defeated Marine Le Pen last time around in 2017. During this year's first round, the current French leader came out on top with 27.8 percent of the vote, followed by National Front leader Ms Le Pen with 23.1 percent. The two political rivals will again go head-to-head in the final round to decide who the French President for the next five years. But Mr Macron has been burdened by voter fury over recent months, including violent protests against his policies, as well growing fears over the economy and cost of living crisis. French MEP Nicolas Bay, formerly General Secretary of Ms Le Pen's National Front and now with Eric Zemmour's Reconquête party, has launched a furious attack against the French President. He argued the re-election of Mr Macron would not only deal a hammer blow to France, but also to European Union members. Mr Bay told Express.co.uk: "Both for France and for the nations of Europe, this election is absolutely vital. "At the national level, a re-election of Emmanuel Macron would complete the French decline. "He would accelerate the great replacement of our population by opening our borders to massive and uncontrolled immigration and would accelerate the great economic decline of the French people. "Internationally, we are also falling: economy, trade, diplomatic credibility - even in the PISA rankings! "For the EU countries, the re-election of Emmanuel Macron would be a signal to Brussels that the way is clear, that it would have a strong ally in the Council. READ MORE: Putin devastation as biggest Russian chemical plant engulfed in flames "The Commission could impose its diktats on our nations and go even further in its project to dissolve them." Mr Macron is leading France amid huge economic pressure that is sweeping through the country. In the year before he became leader, 2016, France's national debt stood at 98 percent of gross domestic product (GDP). But this has skyrocketed since and exploded to an eye-watering 115 percent of GDP in 2020. DON'T MISSUkraine LIVE: 'Insecure' Putin turns to 'last weapon' [BLOG]Putin risks 'horrible draw' with global consequences for 'DECADES' [INTERVIEW]UK and EU inflation compared: How Britain is faring in gas disaster [ANALYSIS] France also posted a record trade deficit in goods last year, which hit £70.5billion (€84.7billion) and equivalent to 3.4 percent of economic output. In addition, the energy import bill swelled to a massive £35.9billion (€43.1billion). French inflation surged past five percent in March - significantly up from 4.2 percent recorded in February while, last month, French consumer confidence plunged to its lowest level in more than a year. The French President has also sparked fury among older voters by vowing to push up the retirement age from 62 years to 65. Eric Noirez, a prominent Frexiteer and part of the Generation Frexit campaign, told Express.co.uk: "Macron has followed the path of his predecessors by continuing to destroy public services, and in particular hospitals with the closure of 18,000 beds during his five-year term - despite the Covid pandemic. "He has tirelessly scorned democratic expression, trampled on the values of the country: Liberty-Equality-Fraternity. "He has pursued, as much as he can, the transfers of sovereignty to give more and more power to the European Union and to the Brussels Commission, with objectively harmful effects for a France that has become incapable of defending its interests (the Covid crisis having been the most blatant example)." Mr Noirez argued Mr Macron has kept "almost none of his electoral promises". He added: "For example, he has made France's debt explode, placing it in a particularly vulnerable situation, especially since at the same time, France has seen its trade balance reach a record deficit."