Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has reportedly set out three demands that he expects to be met if he is to take over at Paris Saint-Germain this summer. But with one of them allegedly being a complete control over transfers, the Italian is risking putting the French giants' notoriously fussy owners off a move for him. Conte only took charge of Spurs in November, yet has repeatedly hinted that he may not be on the touchline in north London for the long-term. The PSG job looks almost certain to become available in the near future, with suggestions that Mauricio Pochettino is set for the sack despite winning the Ligue 1 title. Speculation has already begun stating that Conte may be interested in jumping ship to France, potentially in a straight swap with Pochettino returning for a second spell at Spurs. However, RMC Sport claim that the 52-year-old has a stringent list of conditions which could ultimately work against him. Firstly, the publication state that Conte wants an eye-watering salary of €30m (£25m) per year - a significant amount more than the £14m he is believed to be on at Spurs. Conte also wants to bring all his own staff to the club, which may not be seen as a such a big issue. However, perhaps the greatest problem of all is Conte's demand for complete control to choose the transfer targets he wants. In the past, PSG's Qatari owners have been known to go against the manager's wishes in order to bring in high-profile, marketable names. And they are unlikely to change this stance based on the wishes of Conte, meaning they may well turn their attentions to other targets, with ex-Real Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane also thought to be in contention for the job. It remains to be seen where Conte's future lies, but Spurs chairman Daniel Levy is likely to have been left highly unimpressed by the rumours coming out during a time where the club are still fighting for a top-four place. Having looked the strong favourites for a Champions League qualification place just a couple of weeks ago, Spurs have slipped up in their last two games with a 1-0 defeat to Brighton followed up by a tepid 0-0 draw against Brentford at the weekend. This has seen Arsenal leapfrog their bitter rivals, and it could well all come down to the two teams' clash at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on May 12. Spurs still also have to face Leicester, Liverpool, Burnley and Norwich, while the Gunners' campaign concludes with games against West Ham, Leeds, Newcastle and Everton.