On Tuesday night, the first instalment of season three's Derry Girls began and Channel 4 viewers were thrilled to see their favourite characters back on screen. However, Erin (played by Saoirse-Monica Jackson) Clare (Nicola Coughlan) and the gang found themselves in hot water when they tried to break into their school to find out their GCSE results. However, when they were caught out by the police and were brought in for questioning, fans were left baffled when they discovered the officer interrogating them was Liam Neeson. "Okay ladies, I'd just like to ask you a few questions," the Taken star began. Michelle (Jamie-Lee O'Donnell) decided to stand up, taunting the officer as she replied: "Nice uniform." "Thank you," he replied before Michelle sarcastically added: "Oh, you're welcome." READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces In a panic, Erin went on to say: "Okay sir, I would just like to state for the tape..." "There is no tape," the officer explained before she added: "That we are completely and totally innocent and this is a horrific miscarriage of justice." "Right, this is where we're at girls," Neeson's character said. "We've had several reports of suspicious activity on the grounds of Our Lady Immaculate College this evening. "Following up on that lead, we discover you five on the premises, that the lock of the side door has been forced, and the alarm system deactivated." "You're trying to stitch us up, aren't you?" Erin later shouted. "Why would I want to do that?" he asked as Michelle raged: "Because we're Fenians." Erin asked: "Are you denying that your organisation is prejudiced, inspector?" "For the tape, the inspector is refusing to answer," Erin continued before the officer fumed: "There is no tape!" DON'T MISS...'We call men boys!' Kriss Akabusi hits back at feminist policing [REACTION]Emmerdale star explains how sexuality affected acting career [INSIGHT]Vera star speaks on having exclusive access to key location [NEWS] As the interrogation scene came to an end, Derry Girls fans couldn't believe that Liam had featured in the hit Channel 4 drama. Taking to social media following the Taken actor's cameo role, Lynda Mac penned: "Liam Neeson's cameo in #DerryGirls was the best surprise ever! Absolutely love this show. The 90s soundtrack is everything." Paul Byrom tweeted: "Liam.....B****Y...Neeson!!! Brilliant #DerryGirls." While Simon McBride said: "Liam Neeson in #DerryGirls - classic stuff! Cracking episode. @LisaMMcGee." Sile Dwan went on to comment: "Liam Neeson and Colin McAleer in episode 1. At this rate, expect to see Will Smith and Paddington Bear in the last episode! #DerryGirls." User @kthtbh said: "The collective gasp when Liam Neeson came on the screen #DerryGirls." Greg Murphy praised: "This will go down in history as one of the greatest TV cameos #DerryGirls." (sic) Following the first episode of season three, the show's creator Lisa McGee also took to Twitter to address Liam's cameo role. She penned: "Thanks for watching lads! Our code name for Liam during the shoot was ‘ the big fella’ arguably quite an easily cracked code. What an honour to have him in our wee show. Our very own Northern Star." Derry Girls returns on Tuesday at 9.15pm on Channel 4.