Finland and Estonia have announced they will lease a large LNG terminal ship in an attempt to cut all use of Russian gas. According to the latest data available, Finland relies on the Kremlin for some 94 percent of gas imports and Estonia 79 percent. Meanwhile, Germany has stood in the way of an EU-wide ban of such nature. The roughly 200-metre-long LNG terminal ship will be located on the coast of Finland in the vicinity of the natural gas transmission network. The exact location has not been announced. Arto Rajala, a senior adviser at the trade and industry ministry, said he was not ready to give out any names, but “a few options will be available”. Euractiv reports that options include Inkoo, or the city of Hamina, where an LNG terminal is scheduled to be completed in October.  The aim is to have the ship available for next winter. Estonia has said it will end Russian gas imports by the end of the year, and Finland only uses gas for around six percent of its energy mix. Most of their supplies come through the Balticconnector gas pipeline. Mr Rajala added: "The Balticconnector cannot cover all Finland’s demand in case there is no gas coming from Russia. "LNG terminal ship is our only means to prepare. READ MORE: EU tries to bully Britain with damning ultimatum for 150 UK-based scientists It comes as the EU is preparing to phase-out Russian oil imports, with a plan set to be tabled to EU countries as early as next week. Berlin’s Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock told reporters Wednesday. “We will cut oil [consumption] in half by the summer and be at zero by the end of the year, and then gas will follow, in a common European roadmap.” Germany says it is moving "as fast as possible" to end its reliance on Russian energy, but has ruled out an immediate end to gas imports. The country relies on about 40 percent of its imports from Russia. DON'T MISS UK scientists analyse secrets of Putin's prized fighter jet [REPORT] Experts warn to stockpike SEAWEED to slash impact of Russian nuke [INSIGHT] Energy crisis: Sunak tipped to scrap £153 green levy 'millstone aro... [REVEAL] Ukraine's president Volodymyr Zelensky has criticised Germany for failing to curb Russian energy imports. He described energy payments as "blood money". Proceeds from the sale of Russian oil and gas amount to around $1billionn (£770million) a day, undermining international efforts to put economic pressure on President Vladimir Putin to end the war.