Summer Spellman (played by Harriet Bibby) has struggled to cope with her diabetes diagnosis and has developed a heartbreaking eating disorder. The teenager’s loved ones are desperately trying to help the prospective university student but when a newcomer enters her life, will Summer’s health be detrimentally affected on Coronation Street? A new theory by Express.co.uk hints there's danger ahead for the schoolgirl. In upcoming scenes, Summer loses her temper with Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney) when her friend tries to speak to her. Meanwhile, Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan) notices Evelyn Plumber (Maureen Lipman) has over-ordered alcopops. He seizes the opportunity and buys them before selling them for a profit in Victoria Gardens. Coronation Street fans know Jacob is struggling to pay his rent but his underhand tactics upset Simon Barlow (Alex Bain). The teenager reports Jacob to the police but when they arrive the troublesome resident flees leaving two boxes of alcopops behind. Read more: Coronation Street theory: Jenny Connor frames Daisy Midgeley Summer is found by the police officers passed out on the bench next to the alcohol and presumed to be drunk. Police officers take her down to the station without realising her health is in danger. Amy and Aadi Alahan (Adam Hussain) call at the police station and tell Craig Tinker (Colson Smith) about Summer’s arrest. They admit they’re concerned she might be suffering from her diabetes. Craig rushes to Summer’s cell but it’s too late and he finds the teenager in a diabetic coma. The police officer panics and calls for an ambulance but luckily Summer receives help just in time. Meanwhile, Billy Mayhew (Daniel Brocklebank) invites Todd Grimshaw (Gareth Pierce) and Paul Foreman (Peter Ash) to the cafe over his concerns for Summer. He admits his daughter is suffering from an eating disorder and how they all must look out for her. DON'T MISSCorrie besties Rula Lenska and Maureen Lipman on their lifelong bond [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Claudia Colby returns for Evelyn's exit [THEORY]Maureen Lipman explains reluctance to do DNA journey with Rula Lenska [INTERVIEW] Summer’s horrified when she realises the three father figures have teamed up. Later, she confides in Aadi but is mortified when he asks her about a basket of food she bought for the food bank. She realises Todd has asked her friend to keep an eye on her and feels betrayed by those closest to her. The undertaker feels awful when Billy reveals Summer was telling the truth but the pair are horrified when the vicar makes an unsettling discovery. Billy arranges for the teenager to attend a diabetic support group which she reluctantly attends. However, while there she meets Aaron, a fellow diabetic who gives her his number. Billy’s pleased Summer is making friends but will their blossoming connection end in disaster? Little is known about the mystery newcomer and he could prove a dangerous influence over Summer. Will she listen to her loved ones or could a new romance prove to be a distraction? Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.