As a result, over half (56 percent) avoid driving altogether, while many road users take extra measures to avoid the dreaded congestion – such as leaving earlier than needed, planning a specific route, and making plans at “off peak” times. Those who leave early will set off an average of 26 minutes in advance to miss traffic. But despite this, 36 percent have been late for work because of traffic, while 23 percent have been delayed for a social event. And one in three (34 percent) even get envious when bikes or scooters whizz by while they are bumper to bumper. But it’s not just logistical gripes that are concerning road users, with over half (52 percent) also worried about congestion’s impact on the environment. To combat these concerns, 35 percent have turned to alternative means of transport, such as e-scooters and e-bikes, to travel around their towns or cities. Multi-mobility app, FREE NOW, commissioned the research to highlight the impact congestion has on daily lives, as well as the alternatives that consumers are now embracing to get around towns and cities. Mariusz Zabrocki from FREE NOW said: “Driving your car in standstill traffic is inconvenient to say the least, not to mention stress-inducing. “So, it’s no surprise that city-dwellers are seeking swift alternatives to get from A-to-B.” The study also found 42 percent would consider incorporating e-scooters and e-bikes into a longer commute, when combined with local bus services and train journeys. Reaching their destination quicker (56 percent), doing more for the environment (52 percent), and avoiding sitting in traffic (27 percent) were ranked as the top benefits of riding an e-bike or e-scooter. Mariusz Zabrocki added: “We led the way in offering our customers eco-friendly alternatives when we became the first app to offer electric taxis and private hire vehicles as standard, which move through cities with their bus lane access and unique knowledge of roads and routes. “So, we’re proud to be building on that by expanding to include e-bikes and e-scooters, enabling Brits to move around in a smooth and sustainable way, and helping to reduce congestion as a result. “Looking at the bigger picture, a recent report found 90 percent fewer private vehicles are needed in a purely shared mobility city – so we’re doing all we can to transform urban mobility without adding more cars to the streets.”