Manchester United defender Eric Bailly has pleaded with Ralf Rangnick to start him alongside Raphael Varane on social media. On Thursday, Bailly took to Instagram to suggest he wanted to feature in a dream partnership with Varane at the expense of club captain Harry Maguire. The 28-year-old centre-back has made just seven appearances in all competitions this season whilst on the fringes under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Rangnick. He is expected to be one of several departures this summer as United begin a major rebuild under Erik ten Hag. Bailly was dealt the most damning indication of his status in the current squad yet against Liverpool earlier this week. Rangnick selected Phil Jones over him in a back three for just his second league outing in two years as United crumbled to a 4-0 mauling. And the Ivory Coast international has now taken his desire to a public platform, begging the German coach to start him alongside Varane. In response to a fan in the comments of United's official Instagram account, Bailly replied to 'Start Eric Bailly x Varane' with, 'please', accompanied with a crying laughter emoji. JUST IN: Man Utd poised for shock transfer windfall as defender decides future Jose Mourinho made Bailly his first signing as Red Devils manager in 2016, completing a £30million to bring him from Villarreal. But injuries have plagued his time at Old Trafford and have played a considerable role in his struggles to cement a regular starting berth. Bailly has made just 99 starts across his six seasons at the club, averaging 16.5 per campaign. And since his arrival, United have splashed £145m on new centre-backs in the form of Victor Lindelof, Harry Maguire and Raphael Varane - all currently ahead in the pecking order. READ MORE: Diaz sends Klopp message as Anfield star eyes historic quadruple With Bailly and Jones likely to exit at the end of the season, it would be surprising if United didn't delve into the market for another central defender at the start of Ten Hag's reign. Reinforcements are required, regardless of the pair's futures, given Maguire's poor form and Varane's injury issues this term. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.