Liverpool have been tipped to make an audacious attempt to land Paris Saint-Germain forward Kylian Mbappe this summer, despite the fact he has been heavily linked with Real Madrid. And the Reds could also be in line to sign Bayern Munich winger Serge Gnabry. If the Merseysiders could land both players, it could see them become an even more formidable force than they already are and help them compete for European and domestic glory for years to come. Express Sport takes a look at Liverpool’s dazzling XI if Jurgen Klopp can get his hands on the stars. Goalkeeper – Alisson Liverpool’s backline has been completely transformed since Alisson arrived at Anfield from Roma in 2018. The goalkeeper has been a rock between the posts and was instrumental as his side won the Champions League in 2019 and the Premier League in 2020. The 29-year-old won’t be replaced any time soon. Defence – Alexander-Arnold, Matip, Van Dijk, Robertson Liverpool’s success over the last few years has been predicated on their rock solid defence. Virgil van Dijk has become one of the best centre-backs in the world and the Reds have looked impregnable at times with him in their side. Joel Matip has raised his game with Van Dijk alongside him and Liverpool have racked-up clean sheet after clean sheet as a result. READ MORE: Man Utd hero Wayne Rooney backs Liverpool to beat Man City in crunch clash   A new-look forward line wouldn’t impact the defence and the duo would remain firm fixtures in the side, with Trent Alexander-Arnold and Andy Robertson providing the width. The full-backs have contributed a staggering 30 assists between them this season and would be tasked with teeing-up their attacking team-mates. Midfield – Henderson, Fabinho Liverpool would be forced to compromise in midfield to accommodate their new superstar forwards, with Fabinho being given the role of breaking up play and protecting the backline. Jordan Henderson would play alongside him, with Thiago coming in at times to take the workload off the Reds captain. Klopp’s team would need to press from the front to win the ball back early and ensure they didn’t leave their midfield exposed, while the likes of Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Gnabry would have to work hard defensively. DON'T MISS...Man Utd flop Anthony Martial hits new low with Sevilla loanLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'happy' with Mohamed Salah contract talksGary Lineker raves over Barcelona starlet Pedri during Sevilla win     Forwards – Salah, Mbappe, Gnabry, Mane If Liverpool can keep Salah and Mane when Mbappe and Gnabry arrive, they would have one of the best forward lines in the history of football. And the goals would surely come thick and fast from all angles. Mbappe has been clinical in France over the years, while Gnabry has become one of the best players in German football. Mbappe and Salah would be the side’s main goalscorers, while Mane and Gnabry would be tasked with running opposition defences ragged and creating opportunities. And if Klopp misses out on a historic quadruple this season, he would be confident of achieving it with those four players at his disposal. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 