The accident happened at around 1.30pm on Friday afternoon, between junctions 22 and 21, on the northbound route of the M5. All lanes of the carriageway in both directions closed at the time of the crash, so emergency services could reach the scene. This included an air ambulance. It is one of a number of incidents that occurred on the motorway today. Specifically, the crash occurred just north of the Sedgemoor Services station. According to Google Maps, the delay was calculated at nearly three hours at about 3pm. However, National Highways estimated the delay at about 90 minutes. In an update at 2:18 pm, Avon and Somerset Police said that long delays are expected to continue due to the situation. Motorists are advised to avoid the route and try alternative roads. All lanes of the southbound carriageway reopened shortly after 3 pm. However, police said the northbound route will remain closed "for some time", without providing a timeframe. An air ambulance also arrived at the scene. It is still unknown how many people were injured and what their condition is. On the southbound carriageway, which has now reopened, there is congestion of approximately 13 miles. On the northbound, the queues reach about five miles, on approach to the closure at J22.  National Highways advised road users to follow the solid triangle diversion symbol on road signs. The service suggested the following alternative route: Traffic monitoring service Inrix said shortly after the accident: "M5 Northbound closed, stationary traffic due to serious accident between J22 (Burnham-on-sea) and J21 A370 (Weston-super-mare). "The road is now fully closed following an accident at 1.35 pm. While National Highways confirmed: "The #M5 northbound is closed between J22 (#BurnhamOnSea) and J21(#WestonSuperMare) due to a serious collision. "Emergency services and Traffic Officers are on scene. Delays are beginning to build on approach to closure. More details to follow." One of the three lanes on the M5 northbound reopened at around 3:30pm to ease the congestion. However, National Highways said the other two lanes will remain closed for investigation and recovery work. Drivers took to Twitter to express their dissatisfaction at the huge delays, particularly ahead of the bank holiday weekend. One user with the handle @stuart699 wrote: "How's your #BankHoliday going? Currently stuck on the #M5 just after Jnc 21 on our way to Woolacombe..." Another user with the handle @chrisburnett82 posted a picture of the congestion as seen on Google Maps, and wrote: "#M5 on a Friday. Love it."