The former President of the United States Donald Trump sat down with British journalist Piers Morgan to discuss the Royal Family. The former President described Prince Harry's choice not to attend Prince Philips's memorial as "terrible." And then went on to explain how he believed the situation with Meghan Markle and Prince Harry would unfold in a different way.   Speaking on his new TalkTV show, Piers Morgan Uncensored, Mr Morgan said: "When I heard he wasn't going to Prince Philip's Memorial..." Mr Trump said: "Terrible…" The TalkTV host added: "I couldn't believe that he would not go to that, he was at the Super Bowl. He was at a Texas rodeo. But he couldn't find time to get on a plane." Mr Trump said: "It was a terrible thing, many terrible things that might have been, as you mentioned, that, that might have been the worst of all, because he was, you know, like her. "He was a tough cookie, too." JUST IN: Boris urged to overrule Northern Ireland protocol with new law - Brexit POLL     He continued: "I remember years ago, Prince Philip came to New York, and we were in the Plaza Hotel. And there were many people wanting to meet him. "And we were all taking a picture with him. Many people and the photographers said I'll never forget this. He was tough. "The photographer said, please move back there were like 30 of us. And he said, ‘no, you move back’. And that was simple. I said that's pretty good. You know, this guy’s tough." Mr Morgan added: "When he died. I think it was a devastating moment for the Queen."   READ MORE: Druzhba explosion: Russian oil depot engulfed in flames following 'multiple explosions'     Mr Trump said: "I think they had a great relationship. But he was a strong guy and never forget a little moment, right? And he just said, ‘No, you move back’. "And he didn't say it in a nice way. Because the photographer was pushing everybody around a little bit foolishly, but I thought it was terrible when he didn't go to the funeral of Prince Philip. "Yeah, I think the Harry situation is going to unfold in a much different way." Prince Harry and Meghan Markle announced their decision to leave the Royal Family on Instagram in January 2020, just before the pandemic hit. Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams sat down on the To Di For Daily podcast last month to discuss the ongoing rift between the Sussexes and the Royal Family, especially Prince William. Mr Fitzwilliams said that he sees “no rift being healed” in the future. He said: “In my view, both brothers were inseparable, and there’s no doubt that one of the tragedies is that they’ve taken very, very different roads. “And I see no, no rift being healed, unfortunately, because what you’re looking at now is a memoir that Harry is writing that’s coming out in the autumn now. “The problem is what is going to be in that book. Mr Fitzwilliams added: "It’s very difficult after Oprah, which is just over a year ago, and I thought it was so destructive, and also open to different interpretations, and they were full of inaccuracies, in a lot of it. 