The squid was found stranded at Ugu beach in Obama of Fukui Prefecture, at 10am local time Wednesday in what local authorities described as a rare sighting. The giant squid was found alive, Japanese newspaper Mainichi reported, citing Obama Municipal Government.  An official told the newspaper: “It is unusual for a giant squid to be washed ashore alive.” The video of the massive squid showed the cephalopod swimming in shallow waters on the beach as two officials took measurements. The squid would be transported to Echizen Matsushima Aquarium in the prefectural city of Sakai. Squids of this length are deep sea-dwelling creatures.  A more elusive squid, measuring 24ft, was caught by scientists at Japan’s National Science Museum and brought to the surface in 2006, according to National Geographic. The first images of that female squid were first taken in 2004. According to Science Focus, the size of the largest well-preserved individual has been scientifically recorded to be measuring 39 to 40ft. However, the sighting of these creatures is very unusual.  READ MORE: RAF emergency: UK E-3 Sentry aircraft sounds urgent 7700 'squawk' In June 2019, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) released rare footage of a juvenile giant squid that was believed to be about 10 to 12ft long. The 28-second video showed the squid moving towards the camera in the Gulf of Mexico. The squid appeared to wrap its long tentacles around NOAA’s cameras before swiftly swimming away. The researchers said: “The giant squid is large and certainly unusual from our human perspective, but if the video shows anything of the animal’s character, it shows an animal surprised by its mistake, backing off after striking at something that at first must have seemed appealing but was obviously not food.”  DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson’s leadership compared to ‘old Monty Python sketch'Britain to be hotter than Madrid with warm 19C conditions TODAYBoris vows to send Ukraine ‘heavier weaponry’ Beachgoers in South Africa also had a rare encounter with an “astounding” giant squid when it randomly washed up on the sand in 2020. Giant squid can grow up to 43ft long, and their terrifying size is thought to have inspired belief in the existence of the kraken, a mythological sea monster. 