Tiger Woods’ golfing peers have hailed his participation at the Masters as ‘good for golf’ after the five-times champion revealed he plans to play in the tournament. Woods will take part 14 months after a car crash in which he suffered life-threatening injuries. Woods confirmed his place at Augusta National on Tuesday and his rivals have welcomed the news. The 46-year-old even insisted that he would not be at the tournament unless he was there to win. "As of right now, I feel like I am going to play," he told reporters at a press conference on Tuesday. "I'm going to play nine more holes tomorrow." Asked if he can win, he added: "I do. I can hit it just fine. I have no qualms what I can do physically from a golf standpoint. "Walking’s the hard part. This is normally not an easy walk to begin with. Now given the condition my leg is in it gets a little more difficult. Seventy-two holes is a long road and it’s going to be a tough challenge and a challenge that I’m up for.” Woods’ colleagues have all been reacting to the news that Woods is set to tee off on Thursday morning. "Tiger has been wonderful for us all in this room. He creates attention on the game of golf that no one else can. That's great for his peers. It's great for the media. It's great for this golf club. It's great for everyone. So, any time Tiger Woods is involved, it's a wonderful thing,” Rory McIlroy said.   JUST IN: Tiger Woods' 2019 redemption victory and 4 other best Masters moments "I think in terms of the competitive nature of it, if he's in the field or not, I don't think it really changes much. You're trying to focus on yourself, and he can't stop you shooting a 67 if you play well. It's not like any other sport. So, I don't think that changes much. "I've spent a little bit of time with him at home, and the golf is there. He's hitting it well. He's chipping well. He's sharp. It's just the physical demand of getting around 72 holes here this week. That's probably the question mark. But the golf game is there." World No 1 Scottie Scheffler is glad that Woods will be there to take the spotlight away from the rest of the golfers. He added: "I would say Tiger takes a lot of attention away from all of us, which I think is a good thing for us. He's used to being in the spotlight. “Tiger is the needle for professional golf. We're all excited and hoping he's going to be able to play this week. I think he said it was maybe still a little bit of a decision he has to make, but it seems like he's for sure going to play. So that's exciting for us, and we're glad to see him back.   DON'T MISS...Tiger Woods' Masters Thursday tee time confirmedTiger Woods sent retirement warning as he eyes Masters returnPhil Mickelson's PGA rivals' opinion of his Saudi Golf League remarks "He's done so much for professional golf. The Tour looks a lot different than it did in 1996 before he came out, so we're all very grateful and we're hopeful to have him back." 2015 champion Jordan Spieth believes having Woods at the Masters is ‘good for the game of golf’. He continued: "I think him playing and playing with being healthy and playing and potentially playing well is just in general, no matter where it is, just so good for the game of golf and all of us. Obviously, no stage is brighter than it is this week. "He seems to be moving great, in great spirits. It's amazing if you think about where he was at a year ago to now, I don't know how many people, if anybody, could be out here - and this is not an easy walk. So to be out here and not to throw his age in the mix, but I don't think that helps much for that recovery, but is anybody surprised?" Meanwhile, John Rahm thinks Woods’ presence could ease the pressure on McIlroy to win. Rahm said: "There's a lot more electricity in the air, and you have Tiger being there. Monday felt like a Saturday in a regular event. "[Tiger's presence] could help Rory (McIlroy). I know this week can be tough because every time he comes up here he's going to hear about the Grand Slam, and maybe having Tiger out here might help. "The one thing we all know for sure is in three days out here Tiger's going to win the PIP (Player Impact Program) for sure in three days of golf. So I think that's the biggest impact for all of us. We're all playing for No 2 now. That's it."