GB News host Eamonn Holmes took another swipe at Prince Harry after he told US TV show Today he visited the Queen to “make sure that she’s protected and got the right people around her”. The former This Morning star joked Harry can’t even take care of himself let alone ensure the Queen is well protected. Eamonn raged: “This is not just patronising and self-important, is he saying, ‘I know people who know people who can get the right people around you?’ “You know the court that they have. To say that they don’t have their own court, Meghan and Harry in California, they’re surrounded by advisers and anyone who has ever interviewed any minor Netflix actor or actress and they come to you, they come to you with an entourage. “They come with a complete entourage which does their bidding. “If they want to sit on a different chair, if they want their dressing room painted a different colour, in my case I’ve had someone refuse to sit on a couch. READ MORE: Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’ “There was also an actor who arrived in and said he’s an ambassador for the seas therefore there can be no plastic in his dressing room. “Stupidly, the researchers tried to clear out his dressing room. I say, ‘Don’t give him a dressing room, see what he does then. Put him in the green room like everyday else.’” GB News guest David Wooding cut in: “What’s funny about this Eamonn is the Queen has been on the throne for 70 years, it’s her Platinum Jubilee this year. “She’s quite capable of looking after herself.” “Yes, she’s done it well enough for long enough,” Eamonn agreed. David added: “Poor old Harry can’t look after himself, he’s taking the Home Office through the courts saying he needs better protection when he comes over with his family.” “David, you’re right,” Eamonn chipped in. “He isn’t capable of looking after himself because he needs people psychologically to reassure him. “He needs people to do his bidding around him, people who just make things happen, fixers, and they re all around. DON'T MISS...Royal expert tears Prince Harry's security concerns apart [LATEST]Meghan and Harry accused of never wanting to be 'part-time' royals [OPINION]Royal LIVE: 'Divide and rule' Palace backlash at Harry's US interview [LIVE] “He is probably quite incapable of lots of things but it’s also endemic in the acting profession as well of which he is well associated with. “Plus, he needs a deal with Netflix to come good.” It comes after royal expert Robert Jobson claimed Prince Charles was at the “end of his tether” with his son. He stated: ““I think the meeting with the Prince of Wales was a three line whip. "Charles was not particularly happy about doing it and he only agreed to do the meeting if nothing was said about him whatsoever on American TV." He added: “Prince Charles has reached the end of his tether, they haven't been in contact and had they have started blurting about that meeting, that would have been the end of it. “He turned up late for that meeting.” Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays on GB News from 6am.