It sprang up suddenly on the lonely Spurn Point spit at the mouth of the Humber Estuary, and became a place where fortunes could be made overnight. Despite its reputation, it became the favourite of a king. Yet, almost as swiftly as it came to be, Ravenser Odd was torn apart by storms, sinking beneath the waves and into oblivion.  Now, seven centuries later, scientists using the same techniques which recently discovered Polar explorer Sir Ernest Shackleton's ship Endurance believe they are close to locating the remains of the fabled "Yorkshire Atlantis". The town that was once so well known that its name features eight times in Shakespeare's plays could be about to give up its secrets. Local historian Phil Mathison has devoted much of the past 30 years to his quest to find Ravenser Odd. "Ever since I first heard about the lost town, I was hooked," he says. "To actually find it, after such a long time, will be the completion of a life's work." It was Mathison's passion for the subject that inspired Professor Dan Parsons from Hull University, who studies the movement of sediment and coastal erosion. He uses high resolution sonar systems in his work, and wondered if these could be used to trace Ravenser Odd's remains.  The first survey was conducted last year, more than half a mile off the constantlyvessels moving Spurn Point peninsula. It proved fruitless but the next search, due to take place in May, will be closer to the coast on Mathison's advice as the team seeks to narrow the area where the town might lay. "This is Yorkshire's Atlantis," says Prof Parsons. "It's fascinating and exciting. The exact location of the town has never been pinpointed. We now have the technology to go out there and locate it once and for all." At the height of its success, Ravenser Odd rivalled and then surpassed nearby Hull and Grimsby. "It was a thriving port, which made much of its wealth from the North Sea herring trade, as well as wool exports," says Mathison. "It also imported wine and grain from the continent and - according to documents from the time - was also where many hunting falcons, bred mainly in Norway, were brought into the country for the wealthy.  "Ravenser Odd had a chapel, warehouses, a jail and a windmill. There was a weekly market, two fairs a year. The town even sent two MPs to Parliament." What the town soon became best known for, however, was taking business off its neighbours. Ravenser Odd was the first landing point for ships entering the Humber Estuary from the North Sea, linked by sea routes stretching from Scandinavia and the Netherlands to German ports and the Baltic Sea beyond. Many such ships were bound for either Grimsby on the Estuary's south coast, or Hull on the north coast - until the inhabitants of Ravenser Odd intervened. Small went out to intercept the incomers to entice them to land their goods at Ravenser Odd - often with the threat of force. "It was known as 'forestalling'," says Mathison. "The town gained a reputation as pirate territory. Grimsby and Hull first complained to the King, Edward I, about Ravenser Odd as early as 1275, and Edward eventually instituted an inquiry in 1290.  "But Edward found in Ravenser's favour. That's because it provided ships, men and money for the King to fight his wars in Scotland and France. He knew the importance of the town." Amazingly, Ravenser Odd had not even existed only decades previously. Mathison says the town appeared within a few years of a well-chronicled storm on St Marcellus's Day - January 16 - in 1219. "The storm created conditions in the Humber where a lot of debris formed around a sandbank or spit, and the bank of land that emerged quickly became visible above the surrounding waters. "By the 1230s there is documentary evidence of people trading there, and a decade after that the place was acting as if it was a borough already."  Spurn Point is a straight finger of land but in medieval times its point curled back on itself to create a natural harbour, initially protecting the new settlement. That shape also gave the promontory its name, from the Old Norse 'hrafn's eyr' (for raven's tongue). The town was made distinct from it by the addition of the word "odd", meaning a point of land. The townsfolk added a sea wall for further protection from the ravages of the storms that frequently slammed the coast - the sea wall which Prof Parsons and his team hope to soon locate. "We ideally need good weather because the data is affected if the boat is pitching and rolling around. And we need a high tide to survey shallower waters.  "Local lobster fishermen have reported water surface disturbances in the area we are looking at, which happens when water at low tide flows over something substantial on the seabed. We think that might be the town's sea wall - the sort of foundations which are difficult to erode, even after all this time." Once such remains are located, the next step will likely be to send divers down to examine the area for any other surviving artefacts. The dizzying rise of Ravenser Odd was crowned when King Edward granted it a royal charter in 1299. "The town was really going places," says Mathison. "It had lots of trade rivals along the coast - a Wild East, if you like - and not just on the English coast but in Europe too." Yet no sooner had Ravenser Odd hit the big time than nature intervened once more. The town suffered a growing number of floods from the 1320s onwards and the wealthier families began to move themselves and their money out. Soon most of the inhabitants had fled. Contemporary accounts tell of the devastation wrought by storms, with the town's chapel washed away.  Thomas Burton, Abbot at nearby Meaux Abbey, and a leading chronicler of the area, wrote: "The corpses and bones of the dead there were buried horribly appeared." A royal inquiry found two-thirds of Ravenser Odd "had been beaten down by the sea and the said town is daily diminished and carried away". There was a mass exodus of merchants up to Hull. By the time of further terrible winter storms in 1356-'57, Ravenser Odd was abandoned. Then even the land on which the town had stood was swept away in a final tempest that struck North Sea coastlines in 1362, and which the Dutch called the Grote Mandrenke (or Great Drowning of Men), claiming an estimated 25,000 lives. MOST remarkably, it happened 143 years to the day - January 16 - that the now empty town had been created. "The same phenomenon that created Ravenser Odd would ultimately destroy it," says Mathison. "The storm carried off the town's ruins."  At Meaux Abbey, Abbot Burton was in no doubt that Ravenser's notorious and untamed past had sealed its fate. "As with all inferior places," he later wrote, "and chiefly by wrongdoing on the sea, by its wicked work and pirates, it provoketh the wrath of God against itself the said town, by those inundations of the sea was destroyed to the foundations so that nothing of value was left." Ravenser's name continued to echo in folklore. In the Shakespeare plays Richard II, Henry IV Part One and Henry VI Part Three, it is referred to as "Ravenspurgh", not least because Henry Bolingbroke - later Henry IV - landed at Spurn Point in 1399 on his way to London to claim the throne. A century later another king, Edward IV, was driven ashore on the same spot in a storm. Prof Parsons believes the fate of Ravenser Odd is a lesson from the past about what remains an all too present problem. The Holderness coast, on which Spurn Point sits, is Europe's most rapidly eroding coastline, with some areas disappearing by more than 30ft per year. He says: "I think it is a fantastic way to start conversations with people on the impacts of climate change long into the future by using these stories from the past." So Yorkshire's Atlantis could be about to find itself a new role. The Legendary Lost Town of Ravenser by Phil Mathison (Dead Good Publications, RRP: £9.99, available online). 