Irpa and Bucha, a Rottweiler and a German Shepherd, are both around a year old and surprisingly friendly and well groomed. They were rescued from the war zone by Ukrainian soldiers and named after two towns that saw some of the fiercest fighting. The drive north is mostly straight, from the very centre of the capital along a boulevard named after Ukraine’s most famous poet, Taras Shevchenko, which then turns into Victory Avenue. The further we drive, the more damaged buildings we encounter, standing lifeless and sullen along the road like refugees themselves. Beyond the city limits, the road passes through a thick wood, littered here and there with articles of war. The check points also begin to look more ragged and battle scarred. Our first stop is Gostomel, one of three commuter towns where the Ukrainian army held the line against invading Russian forces from Belarus. The buildings here are so battered that if you weren’t paying attention you might think that you were driving through an abandoned construction site. Once boasting a population of around fifteen to twenty thousand, with inns and eateries for those taking a break from the city, Gostomel is located next to an airport, which the Russians were keen to secure on their way south to Kyiv. We stop amid the wrecked landscape for an on-site press conference by Ukrainian Defense Minister Alexei Reznikov, a middle-aged man holstering a handgun at his side. Surrounded by more than half a dozen heavily armed Ukrainian soldiers who form two perimeters around him as they scout the area for snipers, Minister Reznikov repeats Kyiv’s latest mantra to the West: More weapons please – the offensive kind, like tanks and artillery, to dislodge the Russian army from Ukraine’s east and south, not just stingers and shoulder-held anti-tank weapons used in guerilla tactics. Moments later, a cameraman is beset by a very different Rottweiler, who emerges from the ruins, teeth bared and snarling. One of the Ukrainian soldiers shoulders his weapon to shoot, but the others wave him off, and the dog withdraws, no less determined to defend what’s left of his home – whoever the threat. Somewhere in the battle triangle of Bucha, Irpen and Gostomel lies the village of Dmitrivka – neat rows of houses flank a narrow road on both sides behind shoulder-high fences and walls. Sergey and his wife Vita have just returned to their home, or what’s left of it after a direct hit by a Russian artillery shell. “We stayed on until March 5th. The Russians were about four or five hundred meters away, but there were aircraft and artillery shells flying over our heads the whole time,” Vita said. Finally, she and her husband fled by car, with Russian tanks moving in a couple of days afterwards. Theirs was a simple home, one they were expanding to accommodate extended family. Now their son, 21, is in western Ukraine, preparing to join the Ukrainian army. I look over the fence that separates their plot from their neighbour’s, whose house still stands untouched. “Some got lucky, some didn’t,” says Sergey. “We will rebuild. Vita is more angry than resigned. “These are not people, not a nation … They are monsters is what they are.” In another part of Dmitrivka are bigger, nicer, more expensive homes. Unlike Russian tank crews who were forced to bed down along the road, sometimes digging holes to keep from freezing to death, Russian paratroopers sought better accommodations such as these. One such group of paratroopers made themselves at home in a spacious, newly built loft house that appears to have once been an idyllic place to raise a family. The owner is a man named Vitaly, who asked not to be photographed. Like his neighbours, he has also just returned to the village to find his place looking like the day after a raucous party: Food left on the kitchen table, and bedding sprawled across the living room floor. The children’s room had been converted into a sniper’s nest, with the windows fortified against return fire by cement blocks stacked on the sills. Vitaly said he stayed on until the arrival of Russian tanks, one of which began firing upon him and other men of the village as they departed. “They more or less behaved ok for the first week.” He said of the Russian troops. Weeks earlier, just as the invasion began, Vitaly had sent his wife and three children west to Poland. “My grandmother was under occupation by the SS during WW2. She said the SS troops were ordered not to touch anything, at least for the first year or so, which is more than you can say for these guys.” On their way out, the paratroopers helped themselves to everything they could carry, he said: toys, women’s clothing, gadgets computers. Behind them they left trash looted from other locations, including hypodermics and vials of pain killers. “I have lived thru the turbulent 90s, the financial collapse. I have lost and restarted three businesses. I can get though his too,” he said.