But what can that possibly mean? How can we, two millennia later, in the relative comfort of our homes and families, follow that way?The worst most of us may have had to endure was the rising cost of heating up our hot cross buns. How can we know what it is like to watch a person we love be tortured to death.  We watch the horrific suffering unfolding among the innocent people of Ukraine.We look at it through our clenched fingers. Or we look away - and perhaps we feel the guilt and torment of abandoning them to their fate. Is that what it means, today, to walk the way of the cross? At the start of this HolyWeek that runs up to tomorrow's great Christian festival of Easter Sunday, I visited a local care home here in my parish in Sussex. They had asked me to talk a little about the Passion of Christ in their chapel, ahead of holding a short communion service. There were about ten of them, in their eighties and nineties, plus a sister from the priory that tends to them. What happened surprised me. They were ahead of me and wanted to talk about Ukraine. Three of them wept. One of them, a lady I shall call Betty, held her hands up and cried out in frustration at the ceiling: "Why does it have to happen? How can they be so cruel? Oh, those poor children losing everything they have - and the terrible memories they will have forever." I heard myself telling her that she was echoing the cry of Jesus from the cross as he died in the middle of our Good Friday afternoon: "Eloi, Eloi, lama sabachthani", which translates from Aramaic as the opening lines of Psalm 22 - "My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?" She may not have acknowledged it, but that was what Betty was doing in our little Lenten gathering last Monday. She was crying out in frustration, even anger, to her God. She was praying. And she was leading the rest of us in prayer. It's important to say that prayer isn't doing nothing in the face of horror and suffering. Prayer isn't just words. We can all be critical of a church that asks "What can we do about our hungry and homeless?" and answers simply: "We must pray for them." You might say that prayer without action sounds pretty useless. I agree.  But, I repeat, prayer isn't doing nothing. It's just that we don't often do it right. Because it isn't about delivering a shopping list of demands to our God, or about telling him what he should be doing in the world. It's about making ourselves available for divinity to work through us into the world. Prayer doesn't change God, who is unchangeable. But prayer always, every time, changes us. Because it lets God's spirit into us and enables us to act in the world. Try it this Easter weekend. Be wordless. Sit in silence and empty your mind. Consider what is happening in the world and offer it up. But don't search your head for solutions, just let the heart be open. On the other end of this supply line is what delivers limitless love and compassion into the world. The evidence for that is wonderfully contained within our Easter story. Unlike those first disciples, peeping through their hands at the unspeakable brutality of humankind, or turning away and denying it, we know how the story ends.  Because on the third day after that Friday of darkness and utter despair - the destruction of all the hope and desire that had been invested in Jesus of Nazareth by his followers - the situation is impossibly turned around forever with the dawn of tomorrow's Easter morning. And that's what it means to walk in the way of the cross. If we open ourselves to the fount of all goodness (which is prayer), we will find all that our humanity is capable of achieving in the world. And that will be a new reality, working its way among the people who need it most. Our prayer book speaks of a "sure and certain hope of the Resurrection". Of course, during this past Holy Week, we pray for hope for the people of Ukraine. But, in doing so, we can be sure and certain of what they really need tomorrow - Ukraine's Resurrection. 