Loose Women panellist Stacey Solomon has taken to Instagram to issue an apology to her followers as she shared an update on her swimming pool at Pickle Cottage. The Tap to Tidy star, 32, revealed last year that she was suffering a "nightmare" trying to get the pool done before she welcomed baby Rose, but it was ultimately left unfinished. In view of her five million followers, the fiance of TV star Joe Swash gave her eager fans a much-awaited update. Overseeing the work that's being on her pool, Stacey lamented that she'd missed the workmen jet washing the area. She could be heard saying: "I'm too late! They've done it and started tiling! "I actually can't believe we've got tiles," Stacey laughed while panning the scene. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he isn't sure about GMB future after backlash In her next story, the flame-haired star went on to provide an update whie admitting that she's embarrassed to show her swimming pool. Stacey wrote: "So many of you asking to see the tiles. "But I know this is the most unrelatable content ever, so I'm sorry. "I do cringe sharing it. "I almost feel embarrassed for some reason," she admitted. The mother of four continued: "But you guys genuinely ask about it every single day so here's the update! "Pickle Cottage came with this pool, but it needed a safety update and it's finally coming together," she penned alongside a heart. Stacey went on: "The original people who started on it just left the job in the middle of it so it's taken over a year to get to this point so I do get excited to see it near an end."  DON'T MISS...‘Utterly cynical manoeuvre’ John Cleese lashes out at Tories [ANALYSIS]Robert Morse dead: Mad Men actor and two-time Tony Award winner dies [BREAKING]ITV's Charlene White slams 'misplaced vitriol' aimed at Prince Harry [INSIGHT] The Loose Women star panned the empty pool which had been tiled with a series of stunning, shimmery tiles around the edge. The workmen could be seen tiling as they continued the mammoth task to ensure Stacey and her brood can use the pool during the summer. In her next story, Stacey shared some of the replies she'd received from her followers in light of the pool update. Her supportive fans told her "not to be embarrassed" or "cringe" while sharing the milestone. One wrote: "Do not feel in any way cringe sharing this. "You moved into a house you worked hard for and it happened to have a pool. "We are all desperate to see it and nothing but happy for you. It already looks fabulous!" they added.