Boris Johnson’s administration earlier this month announced the allocation of money to the devolved nations to make up for lost EU funding. The Shared Prosperity Fund, through which funding has been divided up, also formed part of the Government’s “central mission to level up the whole of the UK”. But Scottish, along with Welsh and Northern Irish officials, were quick to insist the money fell far short of what was owed. One leading SNP figure suggested the Government had allocated less than two-fifths of the amount it promised. Scottish Employment Minister Richard Lochhead said: “The UK Government promised that Scotland would not lose out as a result of Brexit, as lost EU funding would be replaced in full through its UK Shared Prosperity Fund. “In order to fulfil this promise, the Scottish Government estimates that £183million per year would be needed to replace the various streams of EU funding. “In its first three years, the UK Government has allocated only £212million through the UKSPF. “This is only 39 percent of the required £549million replacement amount.” To match up its promises, the SNP said the UK Government would need to hand over a further £337million. Mr Lochhead added the problem was made worse by Whitehall’s refusal to allow the devolved Government to choose where the funding went. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin’s health appears to be deteriorating He, quoted in GB News, said: “For more than two years we have called on the UK Government to ensure Scottish Government ministers could shape and align this new fund, sharing across a broad spectrum of groups, as was done with European funding. “Instead, the UK Government is the sole decision-maker for how this funding is used.” The Government has, however, rejected claims it is leaving Scotland short-changed, with one source, quoted in the Press and Journal, insisting: “The SNP are trying to turn this into a phoney row about numbers.” DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Scottish Secretary Alister Jack said all EU structural funding will be replaced by the Shared Prosperity Fund. He added this “will also get rid of the EU bureaucracy which has previously hampered getting funds into communities”. Mr Jack said: “The Shared Prosperity Fund is in addition to the UK Government’s £171million investment in Scotland through levelling-up funds, and our £1.5billion in Scotland’s growth deals.” Despite this, the SNP has continued to use the UK’s withdrawal from the EU as an argument in favour of there being a second vote on Scottish independence. SNP Commons leader Ian Blackford earlier this week insisted Brexit was “the root” of the problems currently facing Scotland, including fears over the rising cost of living. Ms Sturgeon is pushing for a referendum to be held in 2023, but the Prime Minister has pushed back against the suggestion.