Britons must be careful when saving for retirement that they do not breach important thresholds such as the Annual Allowance (AA). With the 2022/23 tax year now officially underway, the Annual Allowance threshold has reset for millions of savers. The allowance restricts the amount someone can save into their pension pot in a given year. It is currently set at £40,000. One of the benefits of the AA is that unused allowances could be brought forward from up to three previous tax years. This could help people stay under the threshold and avoid punitive tax charges. READ MORE: WASPI women receive update in state pension age fight as 'further evidence' to be reviewed Recent data has shed light on the consequences of breaching the Annual Allowance. HMRC data showed that 42,350 taxpayers reported pension contributions exceeding their AA through Self-Assessment. The total value of contributions reported as exceeding the AA was £949million in tax year 2019/20 which has increased from £819million in 2018/19. It appears one group of savers particularly impacted by the Annual Allowance is NHS staff. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis: Do you pay for dentistry and opticians? A little-known way to cover the cost [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak backlash grows – ‘I’m getting £2 extra pension while he’s got millions’ [REACTION]‘Do I have enough to retire?’ Dave Ramsey suggests a ‘rule of thumb’ for what you need [RETIREMENT] At least 34 percent of all people who exceeded the Annual Allowance in 2019/2020 were members of the NHS pension scheme, according to HMRC data and figures gathered by Quilter. According to the NHS Business Services Authority (NHSBSA), 18,631 GPs still had not received their 2019/20 Annual Allowance statement yet on January 31, 2022. This means the final number of NHS members exceeding the AA could actually be even higher. Clinicians who are members of the NHS Pension Scheme and faced a charge for breaching their Annual Allowance in the 2019/20 tax year had the right to have this charge paid by the NHS Pension Scheme by completing and returning a form. This means they do not have to worry about paying the charge now out of their own pocket. But with many people receiving their Annual Allowance statement late, concessions had to be made to allow later applications. All NHS pension members will now be able to submit their Annual Allowance compensation application form six months after receiving their 2019/20 pension savings statement. However, there are concerns many doctors will still fall through the cracks and calls have been made to make the deadline open-ended to avoid doctors suffering punitive tax charges. Graham Crossley, NHS pension specialist adviser at Quilter, believes NHS staff are singled out by the Annual Allowance. He said: “These figures illustrate how badly medical professionals are targeted by Annual Allowance tax rules compared to other professions. “The fact that we know that NHS scheme members represent at least 34 percent of all people that breached the Annual Allowance is bad enough, but in reality that figure could be closing in on 40 percent to 50 percent of the total. “The NHS has played a critical role for the nation over the past two years and these figures truly highlight why there needs to be swift changes to these unfair rules, or you risk doctors leaving the NHS in their droves.” Express.co.uk has contacted the Department of Health and Social Care asking for comment.