Prince Harry and Meghan Markle got married at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle in May 2018. They will be celebrating four years of marriage next month. A lot has happened in the short time since their big day, including their decision to permanently step down as working royals. Emili Adame, a celebrity astrologer, has spoken to ToDiForDaily's Kinsey Schofield about the "challenging" times ahead for the Sussexes'. Ms Adame began by saying that previously when looking at the Sussexes' and their marriage, she thought that "the relationship could end". She said: "I think to a lot of the energy I was seeing, I was seeing all the trouble that was coming right after the wedding." "What I do still see is more chaos. She claimed: "This is a very challenging marriage, very challenging." The celebrity astrologer continued: "I can see two roads, one of the roads that I see is that the relationship itself, they could grow apart at some point emotionally. "But that Harry would feel a duty to his children and would not leave them but I do see a lot of problems in the relationship." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan guests 'went off' at Sussex's 'iconic' Whitney request Speaking about Meghan, Ms Adame said: "I see her having a lot of heartache right now. "I feel he [Harry] wants to be back home and she does not - she has other plans." Referring to a past prediction, done by herself on the show, about the Sussexes, Ms Adame said: "I mentioned to you previously, maybe months ago, that I felt that he would wake up one day and he would say 'wait a minute, you know what, the decisions have I made here'." The celebrity astrologer, speaking about Harry, said: "He can have an energy of kind of careless spontaneity and its's kind of catching up with him" Ms Adame concluded: "I feel that he's realising that it's important to mend his relationship with his brother and family and to be an active participant, but I do feel that this is painful for her". "She doesn't feel seen or heard or doesn't feel like she belongs when it comes to the family - she feels very much like an outsider" READ MORE: Camilla shares ‘extraordinary mixture’ of dream dinner party guests with book club Prince Harry and Meghan Markle made the decision to step down as working members of the Royal Family last year. At the time, Buckingham Palace announced that "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have confirmed to Her Majesty The Queen that they will not be returning as working members of The Royal Family." The statement came a year after the couple initially shared their plans to "carve out a progressive new role within this institution." Harry and Meghan have not returned to the UK together since their departure from the Royal Family. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] Since their exit, the couple have moved to the US, where they now live with their two children – two-year-old son Archie and daughter, Lilibet, who will turn one in June. In March, Meghan announced her latest project – a new podcast under Archewell Audio, which is to be titled ‘Archetypes’. The podcast will explore the impact of stereotypes and typecasting on women around the world, and is expected to host some high-profile guests. The podcast series is due for release this summer. Meanwhile, Harry has been focusing on the upcoming Invictus Games. The Invictus Games Foundation was launched by the Duke in 2014 and aids current and ex-servicemen through sports. 