Jason Wilson, son of convicted drug smuggler and armed robber Tony Spencer, said his family faced eviction from their rented home after he was jailed for trying to rob a bank. He revealed his mother would have to “go without” to make sure the children had enough to eat and the family was terrified social services would take them into care.  Mr Wilson told his story to the Daily Express to show support for our Break The Cycle campaign to get special recognition for the plight of children of parents in prison. The Daily Express is calling for the prison service and social services to introduce specific protections for a child when a father or mother is jailed. Around 310,000 under-18s have a parent in prison. These youngsters are three times more likely to engage in anti-social behaviour. And two thirds of boys with parents in jail later commit crime - with 25 per cent developing mental health problems and under-performing at school because of the stigma. Mr Wilson, who has written a book about his father’s criminality, used his story to add weight to the Daily Express campaign. Spencer was a notorious Midland’s crime boss and head of “The Cement Mixer Gang” - so called because they had so much amphetamines they used a cement mixer to when bulking it out with cutting agents. He was also a drug trafficker, bank robber and large-scale counterfeiter. He had been in and out of prison for more than 40 years for numerous drugs, firearms, fraud and theft offences when, in 2009, he was arrested in Holland at a farm his gang were using as a base for their drug smuggling operation. He was extradited to the UK and jailed for more than five years after pleading guilty to conspiring to import and supply amphetamine and cannabis. Spencer died of lung cancer in 2015.  His son revealed his blighted childhood in a powerful interview with the Daily Express. He said: “We were left in a rented house. It was just my mum, we were left with very little money, and the biggest worry for her was us being taken into care. “So it was a case of keeping everything secret and to ourselves. You have a fear of ‘what worse’ could happen if anything. “I didn’t realise the pressure it was going to put on everybody. My sister was too young to quite know what prison was. But my brother was all too aware of what was happening. “And then we just had mum trying to hold everything together. “Keeping hold of the house was one thing. There were loads of bills and just trying to stay where you are, trying to keep things stable. “It was really hard. It’s a kind of collective denial. You pretend everything is going to be alright.” He spoke of how he had idolised his father, who ran motorcycle showrooms, had a cooker empire and then expanded to open fitness centres, raking in about £1 million each year. It wasn’t until those businesses started to fail and Spencer held up a bank that Jason realised his father was also a criminal. He opened up about how he discovered his father had been shot in the chest when he was summoned to his Dutch safe house but failed to change his ways later serving time in Spain and the UK.  Mr Wilson admitted he had conflicted feelings about his father being behind bars. As a child, everyone always said to him that his father was “too nice” to go to jail. And the author told how there was initially a sense of “excitement” going to see his father behind bars. But it quickly became something the then teenager began to dread. Mr Wilson backed the Express’s campaign calling for the prison service and social services to introduce specific protections for a child when a parent is jailed. Mr Wilson added: “With the mother or the girlfriend, it’s a case of ‘you’ve chosen to be with that person’. And they are ‘partly responsible, you’ve made a bad choice’, things like that. I think, with the kids, it is a case of ‘by association’”. He added: “There is a fear of social services getting involved, which still carries on today. A lot of people are scared of social services. Rather than thinking they’re going to come in to help, you think they’re going to come in and break the family up. There should be a contact for kids, who they can call anonymously, where you can get support.”  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The Old Man And Me, published by Mirror Books RRP £8.99, is on sale now.