Brian May has remastered his 1998 solo album Another World and launched the record from the Royal Observatory in Greenwich. Express.co.uk sat back in the planetarium and looked up at what became a starry sky as a mysterious child’s voice guided the audience through the cosmos above us. Following the special segment, a video of the Queen legend came on, talking from the Teide Observatory in Tenerife, where he did his Physics PhD research. Brian said in a video afterwards: “Hi folks, a little bit of time travel there. That little boy was me at the age of 12 in 1960. And as you can see I’ve always had a passion for astronomy. I was always wondering what was up there in the night’s sky and I wrote that little commentary with the idea that one day it might be the accompaniment to a planetarium show, so that dream just came true thanks to you guys.” The 74-year-old then debuted his Another World new music video, shot high up in the Canary Island’s volcanic landscape, a track he said was a love song but also about the different worlds that we can inhabit. Brian then came to the front of the planetarium in-person to begin a Q&A, but found himself holding back tears after his childhood dream had come true. The Queen guitarist said: “I’m a bit emotional I’m afraid. It was great to see that. I just wanted to say a couple of words. Firstly, thank you for coming here and helping me launch this epic album many, many years later. Seems very fresh to me because of the way I feel about everything.” During the course of his Another World album launch, Brian was interviewed by producer Simon Lupton, the man behind the 50 episode strong Queen The Greatest YouTube miniseries, charting the band’s first half-century. The event, which fans can watch a recording of on the rocker’s Instagram page, also showed off new music videos for On My Way Up and Buddy Holly cover Maybe Baby, with the latter featuring some Bri-Art. At the end, Graham Gouldman of 10cc’s Floating in Heaven sequence for the James Webb Telescope was debuted too. DON'T MISSQueen ‘in talks for special Platinum Jubilee Concert’ says Brian May [EXCLUSIVE]Brian May shares Buddy Holly cover ‘The song that made me a rock star’ [BUDDY HOLLY COVER]Brian May: How Another World tree helped him survive hard times WATCH [BRIAN MAY] Over the weekend, Brian celebrated hitting No 1 on the Singles Sales update with On My Way Up, topping Harry Styles, Liam Gallagher and George Ezra on April 23. The 74-year-old posted on Instagram: “Just wanted all you loyal soldiers to know your work supporting my launch was VERY effective !!! Look at this ! THANKS !!! There’s nothing quite like feeling the magic of a NUMBER ONE - even if it’s only for a fleeting moment. That’s how life is. Cheers folks - we’re on our way UP ! Straight to the TOP !!!”