Manchester United sent their full support to former manager Louis van Gaal, after the Netherlands boss announced he is receiving treatment for prostate cancer. The 70-year-old spent two seasons at Old Trafford between 2014 and 2016. Van Gaal guided the Red Devils to their first FA Cup trophy in 12 years in the 2015-16 season. The Dutchman was also the first to hand full Premier League debuts to Marcus Rashford and Jesse Lingard, who still remain at Old Trafford today. But despite the heartbreaking news, Van Gaal has already insisted that he will not be departing his role as manager of the Netherlands. And in response to the 70-year-old’s courageous statement, United sent a firm message of support to their former boss. United tweeted: “Everybody at Manchester United is fully behind our former manager, Louis van Gaal, in his battle against cancer. Sending you strength and courage, Louis.” Van Gaal made the announcement while speaking on Dutch television show Humberto. READ MORE: Arsenal on alert as Leicester 'consider selling James Maddison' to raise transfer funds Initially, he stated he wanted to try and keep his health condition to himself, in case the shock news would impact his country’s performances. But after many months of having to “leave in the night to go to hospital without the players finding out”, Van Gaal decided to publicly reveal his condition. "I didn't want to tell it to my players because it could have influenced their performances," Van Gaal added. "I have a lot of discipline and willpower. “I can do the job because I like it. I like to work with this squad. This is a present for me at a late age, this is how I see it. DON'T MISS...Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'did not have high expectations' before Brentford lossGary Lineker pays tribute to Christian Eriksen after Brentford star scores against ChelseaLiverpool hero Jamie Carragher picks out two stars after win over Watford "In each period during my time as manager of the National Team I had to leave in the night to go to the hospital without the players finding it out until now. While thinking I was healthy. But.. I am not. "So I thought they shouldn't know. You don't die from prostate cancer, at least not in ninety percent of the cases. It is usually other underlying diseases that kill you. But I had a pretty aggressive form, got irradiated 25 times. Then you have a lot of management to do in order to go through life. "I did have preferential treatment in the hospital. I was allowed in through the back door when I went to an appointment and was immediately pushed into another room. “I have been treated wonderfully. “You will of course tell your friends and relatives about it. The fact that nothing has come out yet also says something about my environment. That's great."