Nicky has coiffed just about everyone who is anyone: Princess Diana, Fergie, Mrs Thatcher, Elizabeth Taylor and others too numerous to mention have visited his Mayfair premises, where snips cost upwards of £650. But after 30 years it's shutting. Oh woe! I've met Nicky and his own flowing locks and flamboyant personality more than matched those of his clientele. But far more than that, he would have been a lifeline to many of his clients. For many women, including moi, a hairdresser is far more than someone who just does your hair: confidante, therapist, confessor, fashion adviser, the list goes on and on. My very own Sebastien, who I see on a weekly basis, invariably has me leaving his salon much happier than when I arrived. Why do you think so many women badly missed their hairdresser during lockdown? There is something about visiting the hairdresser that no other experience provides. For a start, it's an oasis of calm: everything is taken out of your hands and all you can do is sit back and let everyone else get on with it. Secondly, as with shoes, it doesn't matter if you're having a fat day. They don't call your hair your crowning glory for nothing: by definition, unless you are very unlucky, you are almost certainly going to end up looking a lot better when you leave than when you came in. And the salon experience creates its own sense of intimacy: while most of us wouldn't dream of confiding intimate details to our male friends, hairdressers are different. "Of course you can tell me, women tell their hairdressers everything," Sebastien once said. He was one of the first to know when I got engaged, has been party to the ring and the dress and will he be attending to me on the Big Day? Of course. Relationships with your hairdresser can last considerably longer than some friendships and can be traumatic when they end. Before Sebastien I had the same hairdresser for 20 years and that only ended when she started taking me for granted and treated me with a total lack of respect. (Note: don't take relationships for granted, whoever they are with. When I am feeling miserable, a trip to the salon almost invariably does the trick. There's an old joke: "Make me look beautiful," a woman says to her hairdresser. "I'm a hairdresser, not a miracle worker," the chap replies. Actually, no hairdresser worth their salt would ever say such a thing and I bet Nicky Clarke never did. And alongside his own luscious locks and personality, he also absolutely exuded charm. Nicky will have made many women very, very happy, no double entendre sauce intended, and it is cheering he's keeping his Birmingham salon open. Here's hoping he's wielding those scissors in London very soon once more. ----- The new fashion for working from home is absolutely fine: I was a freelance journalist WFH for 16 years and I certainly worked as hard as I ever did in an office, not least because I had a shoe habit I had constantly to fulfil. So that silly ass Jacob Rees-Mogg is as usual completely out of touch by mocking the Civil Service for its new rules. That said, they are doing themselves no favours whatsoever, because if WFH is to work, then you have to prove you can do everything as efficiently in your dining room as you can in the office. The long hold-ups in getting passports, driving licences and the rest of it would seem to be disproving that one. If they want to continue WFH, shouldn't they actually make an effort to do their job? ------ The thought police are out again: a book from the Biff, Chip and Kipper children's series has been axed after complaints of racism. The problem seemed to be that The Blue Eye appeared to be set in the Middle East, which the children found "scary" and found the people not very friendly. Boom! The Oxford University Press has cancelled the offending tome - the story is never to be printed ever again. The only real surprise is that it took them this long. However, books that cause controversy and subsequently disappear often become collectors' items. If you have a copy, hang on to it. Even if it doesn't become your pension, it may well pay for quite a decent holiday. ----- As the Wessexes become the latest Royals to visit the Caribbean, there are more mutterings about reparations for slavery. For some reason, they never seem to include demands against the tribal leaders of sub-Saharan Africa, who sold their own countrymen to the traders. Funny, that. -----