Timothy West joined garden host Alan Titchmarsh on his ITV show Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh to talk about the hit HBO and BBC show and his career recently. Timothy plays Jeremy Lister in Gentleman Jack which stars actress Suranne Jones. Despite the high production value and elaborate set, the guest revealed that the long days on set are not always that fun. Speaking highly of the show, Alan referenced a particular scene when the cast sat around a "very large dinner table" and joked: "So you got a good meal then?" Timothy reminisced: "It is fun to do, it is well crafted, I think it's beautifully written." The talk show host wanted to know if each piece of food needed to stay exactly where it was and asked: "But when you are sitting around a table like that, you've just to be very careful what you eat and when you eat it.” Going into detail, he described: "You have to got to remember on that syllable you had to crunch the celery, on that syllable of the line, not just the line, but on that half of the word. READ MORE: Esther Rantzen fumes as Queen is criticised for leaning on Andrew "When they come around and do again, and because there are eight of you sitting around the table, there is going to be eight different camera angles. "And at the end of the day, you have eaten a tremendous amount and wish the whole place burnt down." The pair laughed as he finished: "He is a nice character to play, I think.” Also, while on the show, he opened up about his wife, Prunella Scales, and her battle with Alzheimer's and how they first met. "We met in a terrible play called She Died Young. Subtitled by the cast - And none too soon,” he said. One night the show was halted due to an electrician strike, and he continued: "Eventually, the director came to us and said, 'I am terribly sorry, we are unable to record’. 'Oh goodness' we said. "We were left with an afternoon vacant,” the Gentleman Jack star went on. "And I said to Prue, 'What do you want to do?' and she said, 'Well, let's go to the pictures,' and we did. And that was it." DON'T MISS:'Putin uses the n-word all the time' Trump talks Putin to Piers Morgan'Don't storm off this time!' Sophie Raworth aims jibe at Piers MorganJohn Simm details new 'problematic' romance in Grace series The candid interview with Timothy also led him to open up about his son Sam, a fellow actor whose CV boasts roles in the likes of All Creatures Great and Small and Small Axe. Timothy admitted his son had been helping him get in touch with nature, providing advice when it came to birdwatching. “He’s very good,” Timothy said. “He teaches me and he goes out very early in the morning. “He takes Laura to go and listen to some birds and sometimes the birds haven’t appeared, won’t appear… (but) it’s a nice morning.” Alan then quizzed Timothy on whether Sam calls on his father for any advice about anything, seeing as the two work in the same field. “Not much, not much,” Timothy said with a smile. “He used to ask about the theatre a bit. “But he doesn’t need it,” the actor went on, prompting Alan to reply: “Well, he’s an accomplished actor!” Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh airs Sundays on ITV.