However, at the end of last month, positive news came through regarding those with type one diabetes. After new guidance was issued, everyone with type one diabetes will be able to have access to flash glucose monitors. These allow people to check their glucose levels faster and more regularly. As a result of the change, everyone with type one will be able to access the monitors that are about the same size as a two pound coin. READ MORE: Olivia Newton-John health: Actress on stage 4 breast cancer The monitors in question stick onto the arm and allow patients to check their glucose levels with a one second scan via an app on their phone. The NHS said: “New research presented this week at the Diabetes UK Professional Conference 2022 revealed that flash monitoring not only helps to improve blood glucose levels in people with type one diabetes, but also has a positive effect on their quality of life. “The NHS long-term plan included a target to ensure 20 percent of people with type one diabetes were benefitting from flash monitors by March 2021 and recent data shows the NHS significantly exceeded that goal.” Every year the NHS spends around £10 billion on diabetes, this is around 10 percent of its entire budget; tools such as glucose monitoring help to keep costs down.  Professor Partha Kar, National NHS Specialty Adviser for Diabetes, said of the announcement: “This is the biggest step forward for type one diabetes care in years, allowing everyone eligible to have one of these easy to use pieces of tech if they want to. “These monitors are a win-win – they support diabetes patients to live healthier lives, reduce their risk of hospitalisation while also helping to reduce pressure on NHS services and provide better value for money for taxpayers.” Patient Olivia added: “Before I started using a flash glucose monitor, I carried my blood glucose testing kit with me everywhere and would have to test up to eight times per day. “Since using a flash monitor, I’ve seen a huge improvement as I can make informed decisions when taking my insulin by looking at trends.” Just like other conditions, type one diabetes has a number of symptoms to look out for. These include:• Feeling very thirsty• Peeing more than usual, particularly at night• Feeling very tired• Losing weight without trying to• Thrush that keeps coming back• Blurred vision• Cuts and grazes that aren’t healing• Fruity-smelling breath. Sometimes symptoms can come on quickly. In order to check whether a person has diabetes, a GP will normally do a urine test and take a blood sample in order to check glucose level. The NHS stated: “If they think you might have diabetes, they’ll advise you to go to a hospital straight away for an assessment. “You’ll stay in hospital until you get the blood test results. This is usually the same day. “If you’re diagnosed with type one diabetes, a diabetes nurse will show you the things you need to do to start managing it, such as testing your own blood glucose and how to inject insulin.”