The 45th President has had a busy few weeks on the unofficial campaign trail as he continues to hold 'Save America' rallies for his supporters. However, Mr Trump managed to spare some moments to send his political opponents a Happy Easter message. The first statement said: "Happy Easter to all including the Radical Left Maniacs who are doing everything possible to destroy our Country. "May they not succeed, but let them, nevertheless, be happy, healthy, wealthy, and well!" The second statement added: "Happy Easter to failed gubernatorial candidate and racist Attorney General Letitia James." "May she remain healthy despite the fact that she will continue to drive business out of New York while at the same time keeping crime, death, and destruction in New York!" Mr Trump had also alleged the probe led by Ms James, who is African-American, was racist in a statement issued earlier this year. However, the ex-POTUS did not appear to substantiate the allegation. JUST IN: ‘Traffickers are the ungodly!’ Ann Widdecombe hits back at Archbishop after Rwanda row Responding to an earlier Trump statement in February, the Attorney General's office said: "It is not unusual for parties to a legal proceeding to disagree about the facts. "But it is truly rare for a party to publicly disagree with statements submitted by his own attorneys in a signed pleading - let alone one day after the pleading was filed." Ms James had said she would stand in New York's gubernatorial contest in 2022. But she pulled out of the race allowing Kathy Hochul to seek re-election less than a year after succeeding Andrew Cuomo as the Big Apple's Governor. In a statement, James said: "I have come to the conclusion that I must continue my work as Attorney General." Ms James' office is also investigating whether Mr Trump and his family's real estate empire have committed tax fraud. READ MORE: Marine Le Pen’s team accuses EU of ‘coming to Macron’s aid’ amid embezzlement claims She said in a statement: "The judge’s order was crystal clear: Donald J Trump must comply with our subpoena and turn over relevant documents to my office." "Instead of obeying a court order, Mr Trump is trying to evade it. "We are seeking the court’s immediate intervention because no one is above the law." The 45th President had previously alleged Ms James' investigation was a politically motivated "witch hunt". Despite attacking Ms James, Mr Trump had released a statement which sent his best wishes to everyone around the world. He said: "Happy Easter to all. May there be great peace and prosperity throughout the World!" DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Putin's horror torture chamber exposedBrexit LIVE: Tories to unveil returning hero to save Red WallRoyal Family LIVE: Prince Harry reduces youth reporters to tears Mr Trump's Happy Easter statements come just days after he announced he would hold yet another rally on April 23. The event will be held in Ohio, a state which Mr Trump won in 2016 and 2020. The ex-POTUS had made several references at his rallies about running for in the 2024 US Presidential Election. However, he has also suggested his health could prevent him from entering the race for a third successive poll. Speaking to the Washington Post, Mr Trump said: "You always have to talk about health. "You look like you’re in good health, but tomorrow, you get a letter from a doctor saying come see me again. "That’s not good when they use the word again." However, he later added: "I don’t want to comment on running, but I think a lot of people are going to be very happy by my decision." A recent Harris Poll gives Mr Trump a six-point lead over his successor in the Oval Office. The margin might even be enough for Trump to win back the states Joe Biden flipped in 2020. The 45th President has long maintained the 2020 election was rigged and has peddled this claim at his 'Save America' rallies. However, there is no evidence to suggest Mr Biden won the last election as a result of voter fraud.