It came after the Labour leader claimed Boris Johnson had "accused the BBC of not being critical enough of Vladimir Putin". Speaking at Prime Minister's Questions in the House of Commons, Sir Keir added: "Would the Prime Minister have the guts to say that to the face of (BBC reporters) Clive Myrie, Lyse Doucet and Steve Rosenberg, who have all risked their lives day in, day out, on the frontline in Russia and Ukraine uncovering Putin’s barbarism?" Mr Johnson denied the claims, saying: "I said nothing of the kind and I have the highest admiration – as a former journalist – for what journalists do. "I think they do an outstanding job. "I think he should withdraw what he just said – it has absolutely no basis or foundation in truth." The following day, Mr Dowden penned a letter to Sir Keir, asking him to retract his comments, apologise and correct the record, saying: "I am not aware that you have any evidence whatsoever to support this claim". Mr Dowden continued: "The Prime Minister in fact has a long track record of supporting the free press and the BBC, particularly with regards to their coverage of the conflict in Ukraine." He added: "In light of the inaccuracy of your statement to the House of Commons, evidence not least by the Prime Minister's long record of defending the free press, I call on you to retract your comments and apologise to the Prime Minister and the House for your false characterisation and for misleading Parliament." This came after Mr Johnson was said to have attacked the BBC and senior members of the clergy, accusing them of being "less vociferous" in their criticism of Putin's invasion than they were of the Government's plans to send asylum seekers to Rwanda. He reportedly made the comments at a private address to Conservative backbenchers on Tuesday, in an attempt to rally their support before a vote on whether or not he should be investigated for misleading the House of Commons over the Partygate scandal. He has repeatedly been asked to correct the record after telling MPs on multiple occasions that "all guidance was followed" in Downing Street - despite a total of 50 fixed-penalty notices later being issued over Downing Street parties during lockdown. READ MORE: Which Tory MPs are calling for Boris to resign? PM 'no longer worthy' Responding to Sir Keir's accusations, Mr Johnson admitted to saying that the BBC had "misconstrued" his Rwanda immigration policy. He said: "But the one thing I do want to clear because the leader of the opposition got it totally wrong – I did not say that the BBC was harder on the asylum policy than it is Putin. "I made no complaint whatsoever about the BBC's coverage of Ukraine and I want to make that absolutely clear. "All I said was I thought the policy was misconstrued on the BBC and by some parts of the clergy. That's what I said. "By the way, I had just come off the phone to Paul Kagame of Rwanda who was making that exact point to me." Veteran BBC journalist Justin Webb hit out at the Prime Minister on the Today programme, asking whether he would ever "put his life on the line for truth". He also suggested Mr Johnson's comments were a "smokescreen", implying he was "changing the subject and going on the attack, and attacking people he really ought not to be attacking". The Church of England rejected any suggestion that it had been "less vociferous" in its criticisms of the Russian invasion than of the Rwanda plan, calling it a "disgraceful slur".