ITV's Tipping Point has recently come under fire for its format change, and in its new configuration, three hopefuls joined host Ben Shephard to take on the machine. Julia, Peter and Ruben all benefited from the longer time allotted to contestants, with Peter proceeding to the final. However, he could have secured more money if he had just trusted his instincts. The new season now pits three contenders against each other, giving them 45 seconds to answer questions rather than the previous 30 seconds given. Optimistic Peter was a clear front runner with him dropping six counters on his first go as well as the double up token, which gave him a strong start of £600. Fellow contestant Julia even commented on his skills and said: "Played this before, have you?" He joked about playing on the slot machines in Essex and replied: "Only at Southend [on-sea]." Read More: All Creatures Great and Small boss details story he's 'really looking forward to' Julia was first to leave the show when Ruben managed to leapfrog her at the last possible moment to win £600 and surpass her £450. Ruben had a mid-show flourish, but his £1,050 money pot was unable to compete with the leader of the pack's £1,800. However, as the show progressed, the doubt started to set in, and a lapse in judgement cost Peter a much-needed counter. After yo-yo-ing back and forth on what was the correct answer regarding the Of Mice and Men question, he said: "Talked myself out of it, didn't I? He continued: "My wife Marcie says to me, 'Don't talk yourself out of the answer, go with your first instinct.'"   Host Ben sided with Marcie and looked straight down the camera and commented: "Marcie, he doesn't listen. He doesn't listen!" Earlier in the show, Peter described that if he won, he would take his wife to the Maldives. After answering his specialist questions, he had £3,200 in his bank and the difficult question of what to do next? He paused for a short deliberation before adding: "I always promised myself Ben, that if I got £3,000 I wouldn't risk the trade. DON’T MISS…Adam Henson gives sad update on beloved dog Peg 'Drifting into gentle retirement' [LATEST]'The Duke and Duchess of Netflix' Vine panellist blasts Harry and Meghan monetising royals [LATEST]Why is Better Call Saul ending after season 6? [LATEST] "So, I am going to stick with that and take the money, please." Not taking the offer, Ben played the trade, and despite the jackpot coin being not too far from the edge, all three attempts failed to knock any coins down. Taking Marcie's advice and trusting his gut for one final time paid off. The winner also won the mystery prize of a tree-house vacation for two, and joking, Ben asked: "How is Marcie in tree-houses?" Laughing, he replied: "I am yet to find out, there is a first time for everything."   Tipping Points format shake-up has not won many of its loyal fans over. Chris Myrie tweeted: "Struggling to be bothered with the new format tipping point #tippingpoint." Charlie Gaze added: "As soon as Ben Shephard decides he's had enough of presenting the programme, that's when #TippingPoint will be axed. "Hopefully in the not too distant future." Viewer Terry Chopper felt differently and chimed in: "I've been away and missed that the show's been tweaked. Three players instead of four, and they get longer to answer the second round questions. Exciting times #tippingpoint." Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV.