When the Super Bowl trailer for Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness dropped, Marvel fans went wild as Patrick Stewart’s Professor X turned up. He’s long been rumoured to feature in the next MCU movie, along with variants of other superheroes. Tom Cruise was famously almost cast as Iron Man prior to Robert Downey Jr and there have been rumblings that he’s portraying a Tony Stark variant in the blockbuster. The rumour, which should be taken with a pinch of salt, goes that Cruise will be playing Superior Iron Man in Doctor Strange 2. This version of Stark is a Marvel Comics supervillain, full of all of the character’s worst qualities including a huge ego and greed. In a new report, Geekosity points out it’s unclear whether or not the rumours about the star featuring in Multiverse of Madness are true or not. However, they did clarify: “Sources indicate that Tom Cruise is coming to the MCU. Insiders add that Tom Cruise is in talks for Marvel Studios’ crossover epic Secret Wars as Superior Iron Man.” Secret Wars is the rumoured Avengers 5 big crossover event for the MCU, which is yet to be announced. In the comics, variants of different Marvel superheroes collide in a multiverse spectacle. Just imagine the three Spider-Man stars sharing the screen with lots of alternate versions of other characters in one big movie. Apparently, this is where Cruise could be persuaded to show up, with the outlet adding: “So, what we’re getting here is that Tom Cruise might be Superior Iron Man, but not just a cameo role. He may return if he agrees to do another movie, which is Marvel’s Secret Wars.” There’s been similar rumours of the likes of Hugh Jackman’s Wolverine and Ben Affleck’s Daredevil not necessarily showing up in Doctor Strange 2, but maybe in Secret Wars further on down the line. Whatever the case, what’s clear is that the MCU is about to change forever, as the Multiverse of Madness opens up. We’ve already seen hints of this in Loki and Spider-Man: No Way Home, but it looks like the franchise is only just scratching the surface. DON'T MISSDoctor Strange 2: Patrick Stewart ‘returning for more MCU outings’ [PATRICK STEWART]Doctor Strange 2 ‘features Wolverine not played by Hugh Jackman’ [WOLVERINE]Doctor Strange 2: Inhumans star Anson Mount ‘reprises Black Bolt’ [BLACK BOLT] On top of the multiverse mayhem, there’s also Jonathan Majors’ Kang the Conqueror to contend with. The time-travelling despot’s variant He Who Remains was killed at the end of Loki, but the series ended with a new timeline in which Kang ruled the Time Variance Authority. The baddie is also set to be the main antagonist in 2023’s Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania. Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is released in UK cinemas on May 5, 2022. SOURCE