Tino Livramento has been a revelation for Southampton since his £5million move to the south coast and it appears as though Chelsea may have undervalued the teenager last summer. Livramento was named Chelsea's academy player of the season last year and he was being tipped to breakthrough into the first team. The full-back was in discussions over a contract extension but an agreement failed to materialise with Livramento keen for regular game time. Southampton soon swooped in to offer Livramento what he wanted with Chelsea agreeing to sell for just £5m. Thomas Tuchel said after the transfer window closed that Chelsea "did everything to keep him here" but accepted that Livramento wanted regular minutes elsewhere. Livramento was immediately thrown into the Southampton starting line-up and impressed from the off. He went on to receive his first call up for England's Under-21 side and has established himself as the first choice right-back. And Chelsea may well be kicking themselves with CIES Football Observatory's latest report naming Livramento's 'estimated value' at around £20m. JUST IN: Arsenal could lose another striker as Chelsea look to pinch teenager  That value may only increase given Livramento's meteoric rise with Southampton and being just 19 years of age. Chelsea do hold a buy-back option in the agreement with Southampton, but The Athletic claim that it won't kick in until next year. And the Blues will have to pay big to bring Livramento back to Stamford Bridge with the fee reportedly set at £38m. Livramento was facing a battle for a starting spot at Chelsea with both Reece James and Cesar Azpilicueta. DON'T MISS  James has established himself as the first choice under Tuchel, but Azpilicueta still plays an important role as the club captain. Both players have had injury troubles this season though, suggesting Livramento would have seen some minutes for Chelsea. Livramento hasn't ruled out a possible return to Chelsea in the future, but the defender appears happy at his current club. “Maybe one day, but I'm just enjoying my football at the moment at Southampton, that's where my head's at right now," Livramento said back in October. "[I am] Just trying to pick up as many points as possible and improving individually."