Manchester United hero Louis Saha has called out Wayne Rooney for targeting Cristiano Ronaldo. Rooney criticised the Portugal forward on Sky Sports’ Monday Night Football show earlier this week and claimed that bringing the ace back to the Premier League hadn’t worked out for the Red Devils. Saha played alongside both Rooney and Ronaldo during a four-and-a-half-year spell at Old Trafford. And the former France striker doesn’t agree with Rooney’s comments. “I don't understand - I'm a bit surprised,” Saha told BoyleSports Premier League. “To target Cristiano Ronaldo and say we need to move on is wrong. Why don't we build young players around Cristiano? Let them learn and improve around him. If those players cannot improve and grow then they are not good enough. “I don't agree at all and I think Cristiano has done an enormous sacrifice, but under criticism he has done well. The team hasn't played well and I don't like Cristiano being targeted.” READ MORE: Benzema proves Rio Ferdinand wrong as Real Madrid star bags Chelsea hat-trick    Rooney was a guest on the Sky Sports programme as he gave his thoughts on Arsenal’s Premier League clash with Crystal Palace. But he also spoke in depth about the situation at Old Trafford. “You’d have to say no at the minute,” Rooney replied when asked if signing Ronaldo had worked out well. “He’s scored goals, he scored important goals in the Champions League early on in the season. He scored obviously the hat-trick against Tottenham. “But I think if you’re looking to the future of the club, you’d have to go with younger hungry players to do the best to lift Manchester United over these next two or three years. Obviously Cristiano is getting on a bit. DON'T MISSLiverpool have Carvalho deal 'done' with £7.7m fee agreed for summer signingChelsea's Mount has defiant message for Real Madrid - 'If anyone can do it, it's us'Thierry Henry's puzzled reaction when Micah Richards compared Benzema to Harry Kane       “He certainly obviously isn’t the player he was when he was in his 20s. And that happens, that’s football. He’s a goal threat but in the rest of the game they need more. And they need young, hungry players.” United paid £12.8million to prise Ronaldo away from Juventus last summer. And the 37-year-old has found the back of the net 18 times in 32 matches. But he has been slammed at times for his lack of work rate and his propensity to throw strops when things aren’t going his way. It has also been claimed that his presence has restricted opportunities for some of United’s younger players. The ace has one more year remaining on his United contract but has been tipped to depart the club this summer and embark on a challenge elsewhere. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 