Manchester United have been invited to bid for Ruben Neves but are yet to register concrete interest when it comes to signing the Wolves star, according to reports. The Red Devils plan on signing a defensive-midfielder this summer as they gear up for the Erik ten Hag era. But it appears the situation of the 25-year-old could be similar to what happened with Nicolas Gaitan back in the day. Manchester United will lose Nemanja Matic this summer, while Paul Pogba is likely to follow the Serbia international out the door on a free transfer. And the Manchester Evening News say that, so far, the Red Devils are yet to register ‘concrete’ interest in Neves. The Portugal international had been sparkling for Wolves in the top flight before a knee injury disrupted his campaign. United have been invited to bid for Neves by his agent, Jorge Mendes, and his Gestifute agency. It’s said they would ‘welcome an approach’ for the player, who is currently in the sights of Arsenal and Barcelona. Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings But United, as things stand, are keeping their distance. It’s claimed by the report that United have grown tired of links to Portuguese players, and those featuring in their Primeira Liga, in recent years. United were supposedly frustrated at the continuous links to Gaitan when he was tipped to join during Sir Alex Ferguson’s spell in charge. And they were also irked by suggestions they’d land Victor Lindelof in January 2017, though they did also snap up the defender mere months later. With Bruno Fernandes, it was yet again a similar story. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag United had no intention of moving for the Portugal international in the summer of 2019, believing their name was being used to whip up an auction. But the Red Devils did then land the former Sporting Lisbon star months later during Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s time in the dugout. Mendes used to have close contacts at United. Yet their relationship has changed in recent times and the super-agent was rebuffed when he suggested Julen Lopetegui to be their new manager earlier in the season. Mendes does intend to sit down for talks with Cristiano Ronaldo about his future come the end of the campaign. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But what happens with the forward remains to be seen. Meanwhile, regarding the change needed at United, goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel has had his say. And he believes that while the appointment of a 52-year-old is positive, he also believes it’s a ‘gamble’. “It’s a decision that’s been made and I think that’s very, very positive,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “There are, and I think it’s obvious to everyone, so many things that need to be done at Manchester United. “The whole football department needs to be restructured. The way we are thinking about how things are supposed to be done, everything needs a bit of a rethink. Announcing the manager is a decision that needed to be made. “It’s a step in the right direction but, If I’m honest, it could be him or it could be literally anyone. It’s such a big job so everything would be a bit of a gamble. “I wish him all the best and hope he can help in the process of rebuilding Manchester United.”