UK airports are unable to cope with the amount of departures due to staff shortages and a massive influx of travel post-pandemic. Manchester Airport has been particularly chaotic in the lead up to Easter. Passengers have been warned of delayed flights, 90-minute waits for luggage and full queues at Passport Control. Manchester Airport was described as "chaotic" by flyers. Some passengers slammed the staff, with Pádraig Ó Lúanaigh tweeting that the crowd control was nothing short of "shambolic". The situation at Manchester Airport has been intense in recent weeks but the start of the school holidays and lead up to Easter weekend has only compounded this. READ MORE: Marbella is Europe’s most exclusive destination Many are going away for the first time in over two years now that travel restrictions have been relaxed. Passenger locator forms have now been scrapped in the UK, however passengers pointed out that the airport still displayed signs urging them to show their forms. Manchester Airport told BBC Breakfast that it is facing "staffing and operational challenges" and is launching a large scale recruitment drive. As well as a shortage of employees, an influx of Covid cases may also be responsible for the poor airport experience, with staff off sick. Other UK airports have not been free from drama. At Gatwick, passengers decided to sit on the floor of the airport after waiting more than an hour and a half for their luggage. Birmingham Airport and Stansted Airport are similarly facing the chaos of long queues and check-in lines. At Heathrow Airport, one BA flyer experienced delays of three hours, only to face an hour long wait for luggage after touching down at Terminal 5. However, officials at Heathrow said that airlines are responsible for baggage and there are currently no delays at check-in or security. Holidaymakers are being urged to arrive as normal at the airport this week. Frustrated passengers from several airports took to Twitter to express their annoyance. @JemmaL90 shared a picture of the queue to check in for flights, captioning it: "If you think security is bad, this is check-in! "We've already checked in online but but they still make you queue in this rather than bag drop #jet2 #birminghamairport." Passenger at Manchester Airport @LYOC8 called out the transport hub: "@manairport stellar job #machesterairport You've had days and days with delays and ridiculous queues to pass security in departures and yet you still wont hire more staff!! #cheapskate Stellar job! #shameful." @Rebecca19991981 highlighted another issue: "@manairport Very disappointed with the understanding of Type 1 Diabetes through security. My 11yo daughters first experience of travelling since diagnosis was far more stressful than was necessary. One representative of Manchester airport was outright rude & blatantly ignorant." Glyn Talbot pointed out a potential flaw in the system: "Hello @ManchesterAirp at T2, why do people get dropped off downstairs, and have to go upstairs to departures, and then arrive downstairs and have to go upstairs to be picked up? #machesterairport #stupidity." In the midlands at Birmingham Airport, Julian Antony said: "Security in sight after 30 mins of queueing. Long way to go yet. Sort it out #birminghamairport." @tomfenwicksmith said: "#StanstedAirport can get in the bin. Sunday night 12pm..."