Lewis Hamilton has vowed Mercedes will extract the ‘full potential’ from their car soon despite admitting the team has no ‘ground-breaking’ changes for this weekend. The seven-time champion said the team were working ‘flat-out’ to fix the issues as the Silver Arrows hope to hunt down the pacesetting Ferrari and Red Bull squads. Hamilton lies fifth in the silver’s standings after the first three races of the season. The Briton benefited from Red Bull retirements in Bahrain to secure a podium and fourth in Australia. However, he could only manage tenth in Saudi Arabia after being knocked out in Q1 on Saturday. Despite the issues, the Briton also refused to write himself, warning anything can happen. He said: “There’s a long way to go. You’ve seen in the previous year how much happens in a season. Still so many races to go, there’s still time for us to turn this around, there’s still time for us to fix this car and extract the full potential. I know that all the team are working flat-out to try to achieve that.” READ MORE: George Russell admits Mercedes suffering from Red Bull problems “I'm hoping that everytime I get in the car it's going to be better." However, Hamilton confirmed the team has not brought any 'ground-breaking' changes to the car for this weekend. The team has brought some small aero tweaks to the model ands a lighter floor in a bid to reduce their car’s weight. Bigger updates are not expected to arrive until the Spanish Grand Prix towards the end of May. Hamilton added: “Ultimately it’s fundamentally still the same car. I know everybody in the factory has been working hard over Easter to try to bring event the smallest bits of improvement to the car. DON'T MISSGeorge Russell shoots down Lewis Hamilton rivalry fears  [INSIGHT]Marko admits Hamilton worry despite saying Red Bull on different level [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton tipped to 'challenge for wins' in a matter of weeks  [COMMENT] “We don’t have anything that’s ground-breaking that’s going to change our result but I hope that we do move slightly forward.” Mercedes chief strategist James Vowles failed to raise expectations with a grim outlook for the weekend. He warned Mercedes only goal for the weekend was to keep up with their rivals as other teams also bring upgrades to the table. He explained: “When we get back to the European season teams would generally bring more performance upgrades, and I suspect you will see an evolution of our competitors and we need to make sure we, at the very minimum, keep up with that. Imola is going to be a challenging event.”