Arsenal legend Ian Wright recently stated he would love his former side to sign Tammy Abraham and the striker has now hinted he could return to the Premier League. Abraham joined Italian side Roma from Chelsea last summer despite some interest from the Gunners. The England international has scored 23 goals in an impressive first season in Italy. He has already been linked with a move back to his home country despite having a contract in Rome until 2026. Speaking to talkSPORT, Abraham says he likes seeing other teams reportedly interested in signing him and has teased a move back to England, and London in particular. He said: “When I see reports linking me with other clubs it makes me feel good, it makes you feel like you’re doing something right. "It’s a nice feeling seeing your name all over newspapers. But for me it’s about focusing on doing my business here. READ MORE: Chelsea have four players who may be dropped for Real Madrid clash after Brentford mauling  "I can keep getting linked with many clubs but who knows what the future holds? Of course I grew up in England, I’m a London boy. "So maybe one day I’ll be back in the Premier League to make noise there. But for me right now it’s about focusing on Rome, on doing the best I can and hopefully winning these guys a trophy which they haven’t done in many years.” Arsenal are in need of at least one striker this summer, with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both out of contract at the end of the season. Abraham admitted in 2017 that he was a boyhood Gunners supporter. The club's all-time second leading goalscorer Wright said last month that Abraham would be a perfect signing for Mikel Arteta. Speaking on Wrighty's House podcast, he said: "If he came to Arsenal, I think Arsenal would play directly for him. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford job [REPORT]Tottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle win [GOSSIP]Liverpool skipper Henderson caught on camera protecting Fabinho - 'Proper leader' [REACTION]  "He'd link up the play and he's got that energy to get in the box. Tammy has the hunger to finish the chances that Arsenal are not finishing right now. "They are making chances but someone is not in there taking them. Tammy is at that stage now where he would be in there gobbling all that up. I think so [he’s ready now]. Absolutely. "He’s gone to Roma and it’s a massive club and he’s the main man, he was from the first game.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here