Rebecca Sarker, who plays Manpreet Sharma in Emmerdale, has divulged what the atmosphere was like on set while filming evil Meena’s long-awaited court case. Viewers are preparing for explosive scenes in the coming episodes as Meena (Paige Sandhu) takes the stand for the murders of three villagers and many other crimes. As fans hope Meena will finally get her comeuppance, Rebecca reveals it was “quite weird” to film the dramatic moments in the courtroom. Rebecca recalled to Express.co.uk and other press: “It was great actually, it’s the first time I’ve been in that location, so it was very interesting. “It’s a very beautiful, quite forbidding building. “You walk in there and you do feel kind of, ‘Ah the scales of justice’, you know.” READ MORE:Ricky Gervais blasts Will Smith for slapping 'gentle' Chris Rock Rebecca explained that she felt uneasy about being so far away from her on-screen sister as Manpreet sits in the gallery alongside Charles (Kevin Mathurin), Leyla (Roxy Shahidi) and Liam (Jonny McPherson) while Meena is in the dock. The actress continued: “It was quite something, quite an atmosphere. “It was strange having had all those close and such intimate scenes with Paige, it was quite weird to be so far removed from her. “That distance was really palpable.” As Meena’s storyline reaches its conclusion, Rebecca confessed that Paige’s exit will hit her hard. She said: “It feels very surreal, it has been so intense. We messaged each other the other day and we know it’s coming soon. “It’s a bit strange, to say the least, to think that I’m not going to be with her. “I can’t really imagine her not being part of Manpreet’s storyline and vice versa.” DON'T MISS'I thought of it as a burden’ Ardal O'Hanlon's Father Ted admission[LATEST]Ricky Gervais defies woke claims Chris Rock 'deserved' slap at Oscars[INSIGHT]Kelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home[NEWS] Nevertheless, Rebecca says she is trying to remain “sensible” about Paige’s departure and she remarked: “There was life before Meena and there will be life afterwards, I think.” Rebecca joined the soap in 2018 and Paige arrived just two years later. During their time playing sisters, Rebecca and Paige struck up a strong friendship. As their partnership comes to an end, Rebecca says that she has “no doubt” that Paige will go on and do “great things” in her ventures away from the Dales. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.