The Russian army is planning to establish full control over the Donbas and Southern Ukraine and to ensure a land corridor to the Crimea, according to Rustam Minnekaev, deputy commander of the Central Military District. He also warned taking back control over Southern Ukraine will provide Russian troops with another outlet to Moldova's pro-Russian breakaway region of Transdniestria, which borders Ukraine. Kyiv fears this could be used as a launching pad for new attacks.  Minnekaev said at the annual meeting of the Union of Defense Industry Enterprises of the Sverdlovsk Region: "Since the beginning of the second phase of the special operation, it has already begun just two days ago, one of the tasks of the Russian army is to establish full control over the Donbas and Southern Ukraine. "This will provide a land corridor to the Crimea, as well as influence the vital facilities of the Ukrainian military forces, the Black Sea ports, through which agricultural and metallurgical products are supplied to other countries. "Control over the South of Ukraine is another outlet to Transnistria, where there are also facts of oppression of the Russian-speaking population. "Apparently, we are now at war with the whole world, as it was in the Great Patriotic War, the whole of Europe, the whole world was against us.  "And now it's the same, they never liked Russia." He added: "Control over the south of Ukraine is another way to Transdniestria, where there is also evidence that the Russian-speaking population is being oppressed." Earlier this month, Kyiv claimed an airfield in the region was being prepared to receive aircraft and be used by Russian forces to fly in Ukraine-bound troops. But these were allegations Moldova's defence ministry and authorities in Transdniestria denied. READ MORE: Putin facing disaster as 'Google of Russia' PULLS out of country  The deputy commander also shut down claims Russia is suffering high numbers of losses in the war, with reports speculating this figure has now topped 20,000. He claimed the "technical superiority" of Russian troops on land, at sea and in the air is obvious for all to see.  Minnekaev added: "When striking, the Russian armed forces do not suffer any losses. "This most of all kills the morale of the personnel of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. DON'T MISSPutin humiliated as Russian spy snipes Kremlin over Donbas [REPORT]Putin's war will cause' fighting between elite groups' in Russia [INTERVIEW]Russia 'ritually humiliated' but Putin 'still in position to win' [COMMENTS]  "The technical superiority of the Russian army on land, at sea and in the airspace has become apparent." The war in Ukraine has been raging since February 24, when Putin gave the green light for an invasion after some 100,000 Russian troops spent weeks massing at the border.  Russia identified it as a 'special operation' to degrade Ukraine's military capabilities and root out people it called dangerous nationalists. Ukrainian forces have mounted a spirited resistance as they attempt to fight off Russian advances on some of the country's biggest cities, including the capital Kyiv.  In retaliation, Western countries have smashed Russia and Putin with crippling economic sanctions in an effort to force it to withdraw its forces. Meanwhile, Moldova parliament speaker Igor Grosu revealed his country has taken another huge step towards "EU integration". He wrote on Twitter: "Today, the Republic of Moldova has taken another important step towards EU integration. "The completed accession questionnaire was handed over to the EU Ambassador." 