The Shadow Secretary appeared on Thursday's Good Morning Britain to discuss the increase in energy prices and whether Rishi Sunak's wife, who has a non-dom status should have to pay UK tax. The conversation quickly shifted to ITV host Adil Ray grilling the MP on Labour donors and whether they should be paid back. The host began: "And we're hearing this morning some of the wealthy wealthiest people in this country are benefiting from non-domicile status and one of those people is Rishi Sunak's wife. "Is it time to really look at that legal loophole in many ways that people can live here living for many years and not pay tax? "A lot of the stuff that's happening abroad and overseas we don't get any tax on that at all. Is that fair?" "No," Miliband simply replied as he continued: "You're right, it is time to look at it again. " READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson's secret exposed in Meena twist "In 2015 when I was Labour leader which was a long time ago I proposed getting rid of non-dom status and that is something we are looking at the Labour Party," he added. "I do think your viewers will be scratching their heads that the Chancellor's wife is in a situation where a lot a significant part of her income is shielded from UK tax." "But you're completely right and we do..." the MP began to say before Ray cut in: "Did the Labour Party give Lakshmi Mittal £5million back? "He donated £5million to the Labour Party in 2010 and he benefits from a non-domicile status?" The host went on to rage: "So did the Curry King, Lord Noon, he gave the Labour Party £4million and he only gave up his non-dom status when he joined the House of Lords. "So did Sir Ronald Cohen, the Egyptian businessman, he gave £2.5million in donations to Labour and then was appointed chair of the Social Investment Task Force. "Are you going to make sure that you've given those millions to those three individuals... there could be more?" Miliband pointed out: "That's a really long time ago in the past, the key thing now..." DON'T MISS...Carolina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Carolina Santos? [CAST]Coronation Street's Gary Windass confesses to murder as Laura dies [SPOILERS]A Place in the Sun’s Danni Menzies shuts down fussy house hunters  [INSIGHT] "Really?" Ray interrupted. "It was 2010, it doesn't matter it was a long time in the past." "It is rather," the MP hit back as Ray fumed: "You were talking about 2015 and how you were making changes?" Miliband went on to say: "That was when I was Labour leader. "The key thing now is to look at what are the rules now in relation to non-dom status and what should we be doing about those?" "There is a question for the Chancellor to answer about his immediate family and them shielding themselves from UK taxes," Miliband concluded. "There is a time when the Chancellor is raising taxes on families across our country, I think there are real questions to answer." Bringing up the donations to the Labour Party again, Ray asked: "Surely you have to look at the money you've seen from those donors, right?" "I am not in favour of non-dom status," the Shadow Secretary replied. "I was non-dom status to be looked at." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.