 The Duke of Sussex set up the sporting event which is put on every two years since 2014 to show how “the power of sport could help wounded servicemen and women in their recovery – physically, psychologically and socially”. Harry noted he felt added emotions during this year’s Invictus Games in the Netherlands due to fatherhood.   He stated that “being a dad certainly adds another emotional layer to it”. Speaking to People he stated: “When I was in the Army, I promised myself I would be out before having a wife and kids. “I couldn’t imagine the heartache of being apart for so long during deployment, the risk of possibly getting injured, and the reality that my family’s lives could be changed forever if that happened.” He continued: “Every member of the Invictus community has experienced varying degrees of these things.   “I have tremendous respect for what they and their families sacrifice in the name of service.” Harry and his wife Meghan Markle welcomed their first child Archie in 2019 and their daughter Lilibet in June last year. The Prince retired from the British Royal Army in 2015 after being part of the military for a decade. READ MORE: Cyclists urged to be careful amid Highway Code changes  Harry has commented many times on the benefits he felt during his army career that for the most part allowed him to live a life separate from being a royal. After his second tour in 2013, Harry told The Guardian: “My father’s always trying to remind me who I am and stuff like that. “But it’s very easy to forget about who I am when I am in the army.” He added: “Everyone’s wearing the same uniform and doing the same kind of thing. “I get on well with the lads and I enjoy my job. It really is as simple as that.” DON'T MISS: POLL: Should Boris Johnson be continue as PM after Partygate scandal? (POLL)Britain struggling to cope with transfer and storage of green energy (INSIGHT)Spain holidays change for UK tourists as requirements are updated (REVEAL)  Harry has filmed an interview with NBC which is due to go on air on Wednesday featuring the Duke talking to host Hoda Kotb. He is expected to discuss the Invictus games, his secret visit to the Queen last week in Windsor and his life as a husband and father. Speaking in the Netherlands about his family, Harry called himself a “proud papa” and said: “I had always wanted to share these incredible moments with someone special, and to have Meg by my side means everything.” 