Karim Benzema has explained why he took a Panenka penalty in Real Madrid’s Champions League match with Manchester City on Tuesday. The France international netted a brace during a thrilling contest at the Etihad Stadium. But it’s Pep Guardiola’s side who have the advantage going into the second leg, which is due to be played at the Bernabeu on May 4. Benzema scored a late penalty with Real 4-2 down at the time to halve City’s lead and give Los Blancos hope of reaching the Champions League final. And, speaking after the game, the France international insisted he took the Panenka spot-kick because of the sheer amount of confidence he has in himself. "A defeat is never good because we are really excited about the Champions League,” stated the former Lyon striker. “The most important thing is we never lay down our arms, we are all in this until the end. "Now we have to go to the Bernabeu and we will need our fans like never before and we are going to do something magical, which is win. "I always have it in my head that if you don’t take a penalty, you will never miss a penalty. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "That’s mental confidence and that's all. I have a lot of confidence in myself... so I do it and it turns out well." Benzema’s late goal came after the two teams had traded blows, right from the very beginning of the contest. City raced into a 2-0 lead courtesy of goals from Kevin De Bruyne and Gabriel Jesus with just 11 minutes on the clock. Benzema then struck for the visitors, converting a half-chance at best to spark wild celebrations in the away end. City restored their two-goal advantage through Phil Foden with Vinicius Jr then responding just mere minutes later. And while Bernardo Silva was on target for Guardiola’s team, Benzema’s late penalty means everything is to play for ahead of the second leg. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here It was certainly a thrilling night of action. And Guardiola, speaking after the game, admitted he found the match to be ‘fantastic’ but rued his side’s failure to take more of their chances. Aymeric Laporte, Foden and Riyad Marrez all squandered opportunities to widen their advantage at the Etihad. Guardiola said: "It was a fantastic game for both sides. “We did many good things. Unfortunately we conceded goals and we could not score more. But two games and we have another one in one week. "We played a fantastic game against an incredible team. “The moments where they rise and come back into the game in the first half I think we gave them as our build-up was so nervous. “Normally we are so safe and so good. Also they press really good and strong. All around the world and for Manchester City, we are so proud. “But it is about reaching the final and sometimes football happens. We go to Madrid to try to win the game. "We went out of the Champions League to Tottenham when Llorente with the hand. “Today it is a hand for Laporte. It happens. All we can do is perform as we perform. “The quality of Real Madrid is such they can punish you. What we have done with the ball and without the ball, creating chances and chances and chances I can't ask anything else. “I say to the players to rest. Leeds now is the most important thing and we go to Madrid to win. “Both teams want to attack and have the quality to play. Football is a fantastic spectacle. “Congratulations to Carlo and his team as they are so good. At the same time, we saw ourselves that we can be there."