While appearing on last night’s BBC Question Time, Ian Blackford commented on the energy price cap rising, which will see a significant jump in household bills for millions around Britain. The increase is expected to add an extra £700 to the average household’s annual gas and electricity bills.   The energy price cap will increase today, April 1, which is also when increases to payments, such as the state pension and universal credit, will come into effect. It will rise from £1,277 to £1,971 per year, an increase of £693 or 54 percent. Speaking from the Question Time panel, along with Maria Caulfield MP, Steve Reed MP, Zanny Minton Beddoes, and Julia Hartley-Brewer, Mr Blackford warned people could no longer afford the hiked prices. He said: “This is a massive crisis and I guess most people have not lived through the kind of inflation that we are seeing, unless you were around in the 1970s as some of us were. READ MORE: Sturgeon under fire over extension of mask mandate 'Rate is higher!'  “But, you know, you are talking about the price cap coming off tomorrow, you’re talking about people, on average, seeing a £700 increase in their energy cost tomorrow. “You’re talking about, if you live off grid, which many people do in the north of Scotland, for example, they buy heating oil and I checked the price tonight, and the price is going up from 44p per litre one year ago to 118p. “That means people are paying almost £1,200 to fill their tank. People cannot afford this.” The SNP leader from Westminster then urged Tory MPs to push Rishi Sunak to aid people suffering most from the price cap increase. DON'T MISSMacron’s new leading role in Europe laid bare after Ukraine invasion [INSIGHT]Nigel Farage is set to pocket £16m in Dutch climate investment [REVEAL]Laura Kuenssberg's salary rises by £10k for new role [UPDATE]   He told the audience: “I would appeal to Tory MPs to recognise that the Chancellor has got to change course. “There is no point in the Chancellor saying there is a loan coming later this year, because people need it today and they need cash in their pockets. “I would say, look, learn from some of the lessons from what we have done in Scotland because it is the poorest that are bearing the brunt of this. “People are going to have to make difficult choices of heating or eating.”    The Chancellor has previously stated help of £350 per household would “ease” people's anxiety over the price surge. However, the scheme has been criticised for not being aimed at those most in need. Rishi Sunak has pledged to offer the majority of families a total of £350 to help them adjust to higher prices, but only £150 will arrive by the time energy bills rise today. The remaining £200 will be deducted from energy bills from October, however, households will pay that back in instalments from 2023.  