May 9 is the date recognised by Russia as the anniversary of Adolf Hitler's surrender in World War Two. Already, the war in Ukraine has entered its 50th day. Putin has declared the first stage of the so-called “special operation” complete.  According to one academic, the date may be vital for Putin as a milestone for delivering news to his people. Andrew Wilson, professor of Ukrainian Studies at University College London, believes the Russian President may use any means necessary to dress up the invasion as a win next month. The date coincides with an annual military parade. A senior Western official, speaking to French media, said: "We believe May 9 is a significant date for the Kremlin.” But the official also warned Putin’s plans could lead to a “military disaster”.  With Russia already losing multiple key assets, including the flagship Moskva guided warship, and another key man - the Captain of the vessel - Putin is facing an uphill battle. Reports have already pointed to over 15,000 Russian soldiers losing their lives, as well as many more captured. May 9 may be too soon to call a victory for Putin whom military analysts believe is seeking to create a land bridge between mainland Russia and the already annexed Crimea. Although taking the whole of Eastern Ukraine may be ambitious before the historic date, Moscow may use the timing to declare the complete capture and control of Mariupol.  READ MORE:Russia pundit loses it over Ukraine losses 'Motherland was attacked' Adding to the analysis, Professor Wilson said: “Normally there is a massive parade in Moscow, it is a huge prestigious day so he would like to declare victory by May 9. "Putin's propaganda machine will depict whatever territory Russia has as a 'victory'. “The Ukrainians have proved to be exceptionally good in their defensive operations as in with their spoiler operations against Russian offensives. "They are very good at defending urban areas." Experts argue there are multiple approaches expected to be seen over the next stages of the conflict. These include delivering a key victory on May 9, keeping the Russian economy afloat, muzzling the opposition and capturing the Donbas region. Professor Wilson added three of his own theories. He says he thinks Putin will focus all his attention on eastern Ukraine and will instruct his troops to encircle Ukrainian forces by shelling more open areas, such as cities. The third speculation is Putin will try to increase his manpower, but the professor believes this doesn't seem very likely.  DON'T MISS:Meghan hands new mum coat to keep her baby warm [ROYALS]Horror as boy hospitalised by 'salmonella from Kinder egg' [HEALTH]Fury as branch customers turned away to back online [BANKING AND FINANCE] Speaking to the Mirror, he said: "Putin has lost lots of men, and their morale is poor, and there was the possibility he would keep contract troops in the field despite their contracts running out. “It seems they are relying largely on the domestic draft. "But that is a big if of how many extra troops can they put in the field? “Not many. For a huge country like Russia, their army looks disappointing." With multiple defeats and humiliating losses, some analysts fear the war could turn ugly should Putin decide to escalate the crisis in order to seal a victory. Fears are mounting over the potential use of chemical weapons, as well as the notion of nuclear assets. CIA Director William Burns has openly stated the US is concerned this may become a reality.  Speaking out of Moscow following the sinking of the Moskva, Olga Skabeyeva, a Russian television presenter and political commentator, also said Western support for Ukraine amounted to direct conflict with Russia. She said: “What it’s escalated into can safely be called World War Three. “That’s entirely for sure. “Now we are definitely fighting against NATO infrastructure, if not NATO itself. “We need to recognise that.” To date, NATO has refused to become directly embroiled in the war, avoiding the imposition of a no-fly zone over Ukraine to elude any direct confrontation with Russian assets in the process. Ukraine has repeatedly called for more weapons and a faster supply chain in order to defend its Eastern and Southern fronts. 