Sungjae Im held the overnight lead after a strong opening round at The Masters with the likes of Dustin Johnson, Scottie Scheffler and Cameron Smith also in close proximity. It was also a promising comeback from Tiger Woods with the 15-time major champion showing no signs of his injury hampering his play. Woods ended his opening round in the red with a round of 71 to put him inside the top 10. Danny Willett was also the highest-placed Brit, bettering his opening-round score from the 2016 Masters when he won the Green Jacket. But there will likely be plenty of movement both up and down the leaderboard today with weather forecasts predicting gale-force winds at Augusta National for the afternoon groupings. It looks as though the players competing in the morning groups will have slightly better conditions to contend with. The Friday morning groups include the likes of Collin Morikawa, Rahm, Jordan Spieth and Johnson, while Smith, Woods and Willett all play later in the day. All of them will be looking to avoid the projected cut to give them a chance of winning heading into the weekend. JUST IN: Dustin Johnson net worth: How much is Dustin Johnson worth?  The current projections for the cut line at this year's Masters is set at four-over par. That puts Justin Thomas in real danger of missing the cut at The Masters for the first time in his career. The American shot a round of 76 which included six bogeys to leave him plenty of work to do on Friday. Rahm may be safe for now with his round of two-over par, but a drop further down the leaderboard on Friday will also put him in danger. Matthew Wolff had an even worse opening round and even let his frustrations get the better of him at one point, snapping his club in half at the fourth hole. DON'T MISS  However, barring any capitulation on Friday, Woods looks certain to make the cut and challenge heading into the weekend. After facing life-threatening injuries little over a year ago, the golf icon admits his opening round one-under par felt like a small victory. "To see where I've been, to get from there to here, it was no easy task," he said. "I'm very lucky to have this opportunity to be able to play, and not only that, to play in the Masters and to have this type of reception. "I mean, the place was electric."