Compiled by a smorgasbord of librarians, booksellers, academics and a host of mysterious-sounding “other literary figures”, the list features 70 tomes chosen to represent every decade of the Queen’s reign, and to sweep across the countries of the Commonwealth. Suggestions were offered by the public, then whittled down by those who know better. In other words, we told the judges what we have enjoyed reading and they chucked out 83 of our favourites. Among the discarded lie the adored works of JK Rowling, apparently because room was needed for less well-known writers. Frankly, they lost me at “list”. I read English literature at Cambridge University so I’m partial to an absorbing story. I usually have three or four books on the go, plus one conveniently situated in the bathroom, another in my bag in case I get stranded somewhere quiet, and a couple that I’m half-reading stashed in a kitchen cupboard. I’ve been known to scan the small print on a cereal box if there’s nothing more fascinating around. True, I’ve finally been dragged kicking and screaming into the phone-scrolling population but thrilling though it may be to discover what someone I don’t know had for breakfast, I’d still choose a mediocre book over phone-fodder every time. My problem isn’t with books but squarely with lists themselves. Lists suck. They say “x” is good, “y” is worse and “z” isn’t even in the reckoning. Lists are exclusive and when compiled by committee often include a lumpen assortment of nobody’s favourites. I’ve been on a few panels and this is how it works. For example, I champion Anthony Trollope’s Barchester Towers. Someone who hasn’t read Trollope argues passionately for Charles Dickens’ Great Expectations. I am adamant. He is fervent. We burn off a few calories making convincing cases for our beloved novels. He is trenchant. I will not be moved. Another individual suggests Virginia Woolf’s Jacob’s Room. No one much likes it. In fact, many of us have written essays on it without understanding a flipping word of Woolf’s meandering stream of consciousness. After a tiny tango of disagreement I cave. Mr “Great Expectations” surrenders and Jacob’s Room, though unloved by all, is included. That is why I don’t give a proverbial for this list... or indeed any other.