Many beaches across the UK adopt new rules over the summer months in order to make the beach more pleasurable for all. Some decide to ban dogs from the beach for a period of time. The weather is turning warmer, which means Britons will soon flock to the beach when summer arrives. However, locals and tourists alike must be aware of the rules some beaches decide to put in place every year. One of these rules is restricting dogs from walking along the beach. Some beaches across the country ban dogs all year round, while others don’t want dogs on the beach between May 1 and September 30. Below are lists of beaches that do and do not allow dogs on their sands for some parts of the year. READ MORE: Stewardess on Russian oligarch yacht asked to make 'dolphins jump' East Devon Owners can walk their dogs on all beaches in East Devon between October 1 and April 30. Exmouth Beach Dogs are allowed at the two ends of the beach but are prohibited from the centre portion of the beach from May 1 to September 30. Sidmouth Town Beach Dogs are allowed on Port Royal beach at the eastern end of the prom, but they are banned from the main town beach from May 1 to September 30. Sidmouth Jacobs Ladder beach Dogs are banned from the immediate area of Jacobs ladder from May 1 to September 30, but are permitted on the west end of the beach starting circa 100m from the ladder.  Seaton Beach Dogs are allowed at the two ends of Seaton beach all year, but are banned from the middle section between May 1 and September 30. Beer Beach Dogs are allowed on the eastern half of beer beach all year but are banned from the western half from May 1 to September 30. Budleigh Salterton Beach Dogs are permitted all year at either end of the beach, east from Lime Kiln carp ark, and West from the west end of the prom. But they are banned from the centre portion of the beach between May 1 and September 30. Torbay Dogs are not allowed on certain beaches from May 1 to September 30, according to Torbay Harbour. These beaches are listed below. Breakwater Beach Broadsands Beach Corbyn Head Goodrington Sands – South Sands, between the cliffs at the southern end and the signs at Middlestone to the North Hollicombe Beach Meadfoot Beach – the south western part between notices displayed on the foreshore Oddicombe Beach Paignton Sands Preston Sands Shoalstone Pool Torre Abbey Sands North Devon Dogs are allowed on all North Devon Council-owned beaches, listed below. Capstone Hele bay Ilfracombe harbour Larkstone Lee Bay Sandy Cove (Bath Beach), Lee Raparee Wildersmouth South Hams According to South Hams District Council, Mouthwell Sands, South Sands, and Bigbury-on-Sea are not allowing dogs on their beaches. The Council said: “It is an offence if a person in charge of a dog takes the dog onto, or permits the dog to enter or to remain, on any beach to which this Order applies.”