Ferrari star Carlos Sainz crashed out in Q2 of the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix qualifying on Friday afternoon. All drivers were pushing hard at Imola with rain forecast to be on the horizon, and the Spaniard lost control in the same week he committed his future to the Prancing Horse until 2024. The afternoon's second qualifying session was well underway in Emilia-Romagna when Sainz pushed hard to match the time of his Ferrari team-mate, Charles Leclerc. The Monegasque was showing strong pace again during the season's fourth race weekend, having won two of the first three contests. With rain approaching, Sainz lost control during his second hot lap of Q2 and spun into the barriers, leaving his Ferrari in bad shape before Saturday's sprint race. The session was subsequently red-flagged, which came as bad news for those yet to post a strong lap time as drivers were forced to wait in the pits until the debris was cleared. Sainz would undoubtedly have been hoping for a strong performance on Italian turf, just one day after his new Ferrari contract was announced. The commitment is set to extend his stay with the Prancing Horse beyond the end of this season and all the way until 2024. "I feel strengthened by this renewed show of confidence in me and now I can't wait to do my best for Ferrari," he said on Thursday, "I have always said that there is no better Formula 1 team to race for and, after over a year with them, I can confirm that putting on this race suit and representing this team is unique and incomparable.  Sainz put on a strong show in 2021 by finishing two places ahead of Leclerc in the drivers' standings. That caught many by surprise, and while he has been unable to lay down a gauntlet to his team-mate again in the early stages of this season, Ferrari clearly feel as though he is worth tying down for now and the future. The Spaniard's Q2 crash saw rain pepper the track before the session was able to get back underway, which left those in the bottom five helpless to improve their fortunes ahead of Saturday's sprint. The quintet to crash out were George Russell, Mick Schumacher, Lewis Hamilton, Guanyu Zhou and Lance Stroll.  After the session, Sainz told Sky Sports: "It is difficult for me to tell you what happened because I made a mistake that I wasn't expecting. It was a lap that I wasn't pushing that hard [on]." "It was not a lap when I was properly on the limit, it was to just put a banker in and unfortunately I lose it. The car didn't give me any warning that I was going to lose it and it just went."  