A free TV Licence has historically been an important entitlement for many older people, but the rules have recently changed. Pensioners could still be entitled to a TV Licence without charge, but a smaller group than previously. Now, only over 75s who claim Pension Credit will be entitled to a free TV licence. Those aged 74 or over have been encouraged by TV Licensing to look into whether they can apply for a free licence. If successful, it means eligible Britons can bypass the £159 per year charge to watch live television in their home. Some individuals will need to apply for Pension Credit for the first time to secure their free licence. READ MORE: Britons may be able to boost their husband or wife's retirement fund Pension Credit is designed to help people over state pension age who are on a low income. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has recently established a new campaign calling for pensioners to check their Pension Credit eligibility. At present, over 1.4 million people in Britain receive Pension Credit. However, many are still missing out on this financial help, with an estimated £1.7billion left unclaimed. DON'T MISS‘Had no idea!’ WASPI woman, 70, frustrated at state pension age change [EXCLUSIVE]State pensioners demand increase to National Living Wage [ANALYSIS]Income tax may take a ‘big chunk’ out of Britons’ pay from this month [INSIGHT] Minister for Pensions, Guy Opperman, said: “We recognise the challenges some pensioners will be facing with the cost of living which is why promoting Pension Credit is a priority. “That’s why we’re calling on everyone with retired family, friends and loved ones to check in with them and see if they can get this extra financial support.” To check eligibility for the payment, Britons can use the Pension Credit calculator on the Government’s website. They will need details of earnings, benefits, pensions, savings and investments.  However, the calculator cannot be used by those who: Those who cannot use the calculator can call the Pension Service helpline to ask about the payment. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Pension Credit is set to increase in just days’ time as the new rates roll around from April 11, 2022 onwards. Single pensioners could get up to £182.60 weekly from this point on. While couples will see their income topped up to £278.70 per week. TV Licensing explains: “If you think you’re eligible for a free licence but don’t currently have a TV Licence, call 0300 790 6117 and speak to one of our advisors to request an application form.”