Lando Norris and Daniel Ricciardo have agreed the new Australian Grand Prix track changes for 2022 could bring the best out of the new McLaren. The Albert Park circuit has undergone a major transformation ahead of their first race since 2019. The biggest change is the removal of the chicane at turns nine and ten for a flat-out section. Several turns have also been widened to create better overtaking opportunities for the drivers. Speaking on the F1 Nation Podcast, Norris said the car “suits the medium and high-speed” corners more than slow ones which is certain to help around the new layout. He added: “It's changed and it's a smoother surface, so I am hoping that the new one will be better for us than the old one. I mean, the car is in exactly the same position as in Bahrain, that's the problem. “If we went back to Bahrain, we'd still be out in Q1 and we'd be fighting for 16th and 17th, like we were. I guess we know a little bit more where our strengths are, but our weaknesses are the slow-speed corners and we're a very, very long way off at the minute." READ MORE: Daniel Ricciardo backs McLaren to win race this year despite bad start Ricciardo was one of the key voices lending their opinions to the new design. He previously admitted several drivers were consulted on the changes but assured he didn't get everything he wanted. However, the 32-year-old is still confident he can fight among the points this weekend. Ricciardo explained: “Looking at Australia, it's going to be flowing and quite fast again, especially the changes they made. So perhaps that comes to us again and maybe we could fight for points. I know that's not aiming very high but that's really all we can aim for, for now." DON'T MISSMcLaren boss Zak Brown calls for Monaco GP change with race under fire [INSIGHT]Lando Norris agrees with Max Verstappen on 2022 changes [COMMENT]Ricciardo demands Mercedes fix engine issues as McLaren struggle [ANALYSIS] Speaking about the track changes in more detail, he added: “I think with the new design at Albert Park, it's really focused on improving the racing, the spectacle on Sunday, to create more opportunities for overtaking. t's a beautiful circuit but it's always been quite narrow and tight, and therefore quite tricky to overtake on. “So we've really tried to exploit some areas to allow more slipstreaming, to allow for more chances for overtaking under braking. So I think it’s going to be a different spectacle this time round.”