Hip-hop pioneer DJ Kay Slay has died at the age of 55 from complications related to Covid. He hosted The Drama Hour on New York radio station Hot 97 for more than two decades. His heartbroken family announced the sad news via a statement released to the station. “Our hearts are broken by the passing of Keith Grayson, professionally known as DJ Kay Slay,” it read. “A dominant figure in hip-hop culture with millions of fans worldwide, DJ Kay Slay will be remembered for his passion and excellence with a legacy that will transcend generations. “Our family wishes to thank all of his friends, fans, and supporters for their prayers and well wishes during this difficult time,” it added. READ MORE: Victoria Beckham shares David's cheeky pic of her passed out by toilet Hot 97 released their own statement in response, which read: “Hot 97 is shocked and saddened by the loss of our beloved DJ Kay Slay”. Slay, real name Keith Grayson, was a legendary hip-hop artist who grew up in Harlem, New York. He was first known as a graffiti artist and he was featured in the 1983 documentary Style Wars. In the early 1990s, he started to sell bootleg mixtapes on street corners, and by 2003 he released his first studio album, The Streetsweeper Vol. 1. He went on to release three more albums: The Streetsweeper, Vol. 2, The Champions: North Meets South (with Greg Street), and More Than Just a DJ. “I didn’t so much set out to be a DJ,” he once explained. “It was just something to do that was fun and that I enjoyed doing.” Grayson is referred to by The New York Times as "Hip Hop's One-Man Ministry of Insults”. His brother had confirmed in January that Grayson was in hospital for issues related to Covid-19. DON'T MISS...'Complete b******t!' Piers Morgan reignites row with Meghan MarkleNick Knowles, 59, cosies up to new girlfriend, Katie Dadzie, 31Danni Menzies addresses 'lots of tears' on A Place In The Sun Kwame Grayson believed his brother had been improving, and was certain he wasn’t going to die. “Kay Slay is a private dude and he didn’t tell anybody in the hospital who he was, and we was kinda getting average treatment,” said Kwame. “When they found out who he was, that’s when everybody stepped up treatment." Kwame added that there was a point where Grayson appeared to be “slowly fading away”, but he had eventually reached a “recovery state”. Ice-T was one of the first of his celebrity pals to pay tribute, tweeting: “We lost one of the most SOLID MFs in HipHop.. “I’ve been checking in on him his whole struggle in the Hospital. I honestly thought he was gonna pull through This truly Hurts… F Covid. RIP   to the Drama King”. Dart Adams penned: “Rest in eternal peace to DEZ AKA DJ Kay Slay AKA The Drama King. “This is a sad day for Hip Hop culture & Rap fans the world over.”