The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, who are keen skiers, hit the slopes earlier this week with their children George, Charlotte and Louis in Courchevel, France. The family regularly go on skiing trips, with Charlotte enjoying her first winter break before her first birthday.  Back in 2016, the family shared official photos of them playing in the snow wearing ski gear. Kate and William went on several skiing trips together when they were dating, having first met at St Andrews University after first being spotted holidaying as a couple in Switzerland in 2004. Two years later, they kissed publicly for the first time on the slopes. In 2012, William whisked Kate away on a romantic break to a luxury chalet in Verbier after they spent six weeks apart when he was flying an RAF helicopter in the Falklands.  At the time, a source told the Mirror that it was an attempt by the Duke to “make it up” to his wife after being apart. They said: “William missed Kate terribly when he was away. They spent Valentine’s Day apart and he has been thinking for some time how to make it up to his wife. “He wants a reunion in the most romantic possible fashion. “They’ve had some brilliant times skiing, and William decided a getaway in Switzerland, where they can wear goggles and hats and go around unnoticed, would be perfect. READ MORE: US columnist questions Meghan Markle's royal title  “Kate was delighted when he eventually told her about his plans and couldn't wait for the pair to spend some quality time together.” William has often been skiing since he was a child, with Princess Diana regularly taking her boys on trips. They were often joined by Sarah Ferguson, Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie for big royal trips. However, the Cambridge's' family holiday means they'll have to wait longer to catch up with Harry and Meghan, who enjoyed a top secret flying visit to Windsor ahead of the Invictus Games in the Hague. DON'T MISS:  Meghan and Harry's covert visit to Queen at Windsor Castle confirmed [REVEAL] Prince Harry will have 'nothing' stop him from 'getting what he wants' [INSIGHT] Queen health fears mounting after missing Easter services [SPOTLIGHT]   They spent a couple of days in the Berkshire town, during which time they had “clear the air” meetings with the Queen and Prince Charles. They were spotted by flabbergasted tourists who were in the area for the annual Maundy Sunday church service at St George's Chapel. Senior royal sources told the Mirror that the meetings were “incredibly warm and good natured” with another adding they were “cordial”. The Sussexes told the Queen that they intend to return so that the monarch can spend time with her Great Grandchildren Archie and Lilibet. 