CBS’ acclaimed legal drama starring Michael Weatherly as Dr Jason Bull is officially coming to an end after being cancelled by the network in January. With fans preparing to say goodbye as the finale approaches, it looked as though the actor already bid adieu to viewers in a recent Twitter post.  Michael has starred as Dr Jason Bull since the series first premiered back in 2016, after departing from NCIS as the beloved Anthony DiNozzo. In the legal drama, the actor portrayed a psychologist and a trial science expert and was in high demand for his signature ability to get his clients free. Throughout the series, Jason used his skills, alongside those of his team, to select the right jurors for his clients and help his clients' lawyers decide which type of argument would win over jurors best.And after six seasons and one internal investigation, the series will officially come to an end at the end of May. READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry Michael was the one who announced the show would not return to screens after season six with a post shared on Twitter. In the statement, he wrote: “Hello all! It’s been my privilege to play Dr Jason Bull but after 6 seasons of incredible storylines, I’ve decided it’s time to pursue new creative challenges and bring his story to a close. “It has been an honor to work with this talented cast, crew, and writing/producing team who helped reinvent the legal drama. He continued: “Stay tuned for a big series finish…Thanks to all the fans from the bottom of my heart. You will always be a part of our Bull family.” With fans distraught and mentally preparing to watch the looming finale, it looked as though the actor had already said goodbye to his audience. Accompanying a photo of himself in a garden playing the guitar is the caption, where he wrote the cryptic message. Michael disclosed: “Somewhere, after many episodes of television, man decides to sing a song about endings.” Although he didn’t directly mention Bull, it is the only TV show he is currently in which is coming to an end. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop host Jay Blades has DIY show axed by BBC [INSIGHT] Bull season 4: Has Bull been renewed for another season? [INSIGHT]NCIS’ Michael Weatherly speaks out on ‘great day’ from show [INSIGHT] CBS had followed his cancellation statement with their own announcement, confirming Bull’s ending. The network stated: “For six seasons, Bull has established itself as a ratings winner with its fresh take on the judicial process never before seen on television. “We extend our thanks to the talented cast… the incredible creative team… and our hard working crew, for bringing to life these innovative stories.” They continued: “We also thank our loyal viewers and look forward to providing them with a final run of compelling episodes filled with the humor, intelligence and twists that have made the drama a fan favorite.” However, many speculate Bull was cancelled due to its tumultuous run on television after a number of allegations made against Michael. It was revealed Eliza Dushku, who starred as J.P Nunnally, departed from the series after reaching a $9.5 million (£7.6 million) settlement with CBS. The actress claimed she was fired after complaining about crude and offensive comments Michael made toward her. Although Michael Weatherly vehemently denied the accusations and publicly apologised for “the pain” he caused the actress, he claimed he didn't have anything to do with her exit. Bull is available in the USA on CBS. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 