Conor Benn is bidding to move another step closer to world honours when he takes on Chris van Heerden tonight in Manchester. The Destroyer knows this is another big chance to make a statement ahead of a stellar night of boxing in the welterweight division as Errol Spence Jr and Yordenis Ugas also collide at the AT&T Stadium in Dallas, Texas. Benn, who is now 20-0, is the UK's next PPV star and he will be going in search of another explosive knockout on Saturday night against his South African opponent. Van Heerden will be no pushover though and he is expected to bring the heat having also shared the ring with WBC and IBF world champion Spence. In early March, Eddie Hearn briefly put the Van Heerden fight on hold in a bid to set up a blockbuster domestic clash with Kell Brook that failed to materialise. Now it's crucial Benn takes care of business if he wants to be matched with some of the division's elite. Furthermore, there is also a chance the welterweight world-title picture may begin to free up in due course and Benn will be keen to ensure he remains an active threat in the division. Stateside, Cuban Ugas is looking to upset the odds against Spence after successfully outpointing Manny Pacquiao last August. Should he move Ugas out of the way, The Truth has his eyes firmly set on a potential undisputed clash with long-term Terence Crawford, who continues to elude him. Elsewhere, Jason Cunningham faces Terry Le Couviour for the Super Bantamweight European title in Telford. Here's how you can watch all the action... Manchester, England Conor Benn vs. Chris Van Heerden Chris Billam-Smith vs Tommy McCarthy Alycia Baumgardner vs Edith Soledad Jordan Thompson vs Mariano Angel Gudino Thomas Whittaker Hart vs Ben Ridings Campbell Hatton vs Ezequiel Gregores Luke Evans vs Miguel Cesario Antin Jack Cullen vs Vladimir Belujsky James Metcalf vs Evgenii Vazem Texas, United States Errol Spence Jr vs Yordenis Ugas - WBA, WBC and IBF welterweight world titles Isaac Cruz vs Yuriokis Gamboa Jose Valenzuela vs Francisco Vargas Cody Crowley vs Josesito Lopez Eimantas Stanionis vs Radzhab Butaev Brandun Lee vs Zachary Ochoa Telford, England Jason Cunningham vs Terry Le Couviour Fight Times and Streams Conor Benn vs Chris van Heerden will be shown live on DAZN with the main event due to get underway around 10pm. Due to the stacked card, there is every chance ring walks could take place closer to 10:30pm. If you are not a subscriber of DAZN, it will cost you £7.99 per month to sign up. Meanwhile, Spence Jr vs Ugas will be a late one for those looking to tune in, due to the time difference with the United States. The bout is due to take place around 4am and will be shown live on FITE in the UK for around £12. If you're looking to ease into both spectacles, Cunningham vs Le Couviour will be shown on BT Sport 1 in the UK with the fight scheduled for around 7pm.