Every April 23 brings with it the repeated gloats that the patron saint of England was Turkish, in attempted snubs at such traditional views that, as put by G K Chesterton, “St George he was for England, and before he killed the dragon he drank a pint of English ale out of an English flagon”. This year, additional ammunition has been provided in the form of the Government’s new immigration plans. It was last week announced thousands of migrants who illegally cross the Channel will be sent for processing in Rwanda. Boris Johnson claimed the plan would break the business model of “vile” people smugglers who have turned the Channel into a “watery graveyard”. He, today, turned his attention to Saint George, around whom “we come together with pride” to celebrate “everything that makes England a fantastic part of our United Kingdom”. But for writer and lawyer Dr Mos=Shogbamimu, the celebration of the dragon-slayer today is “disingenuous”. She said in a post on Twitter: “Saint George is a Palestinian/Turkish immigrant who would be trafficked to Rwanda today by this British Government. “Unlike me, he wasn’t British. “The English aren’t loyal to who and what Saint George is but claim him as patron. Disingenuous.” Dr Mos-Shogbamimu added, jokingly: “Happy Saint George’s Day.” READ MORE: 'Fiercely patriotic' Le Pen NO friend of Brexit Despite her mocking, it is understood Saint George never set foot in England, but that he was adopted as patron saint due largely to his steadfast defence of Christianity. Social media users were quick to jibe back at Dr Mos-Shogbamimu. Suze said she had missed the point completely, noting: “St George never visited England. Like Jesus its what he stood for, ie Christian chivalry, that is venerated, not his nationality or where he lived. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] “Until 1350, St Edmund was Englands patron saint, who was beheaded after capture by vikings when he would not renounce his faith.” John Cavalier wrote: “A patron SAINT. We don't 'claim him as our own' in a secular sense, we venerate him for his Christianity, as someone to aspire to, as someone martyred for their faith and as a slayer of the dragon, of Satan and his angels.” Phil Woods added: “Unlike you, he may have loved this country. “My Turkish brother in law had no problem with getting into the UK and is now a successful professor.” Denis Hatcher also joked: “Every year this Saint George comment is wheeled out. It's a test to find those who lack any original thought.” None of today’s comments, however, have come as a surprise, with trade unionist Paul Embery bracing yesterday, on April 22: “Saint George's day tomorrow – a day when middle-class, liberal Guardianistas come together as one to remind benighted and reactionary working-class folk that ‘Saint George was actually Turkish. So stick that in your chibouk and smoke it, you racists!’.” His prediction, appears, came true.