Andy Robertson's heroic performance in Liverpool's Merseyside derby win over Everton has also helped to prove Jurgen Klopp right. Klopp faced calls earlier this season to drop Robertson in favour of Kostas Tsimikas, with the Greek international impressing. While Tsimikas has been handed more opportunities than his debut season this time out, making 21 appearances in all competitions. In fact, with Tsimikas impressing so much, Klopp was urged to drop Robertson in favour of his back-up. "Disappointments, Robbo. He's played against a young rookie right-back, had plenty of opportunities in his favourite well-advanced left-sided position. But he didn't go past the full-back and he didn't put crosses in," Stan Collymore told Empire of the Kop after Liverpool lost to West Ham in November. "I'm not quite sure if that's an ongoing injury issue, but if Tsmikias is playing better, then Tsmikas must play. Again, Andy Robertson, we all know is world-class fullback. But at the moment, if you're looking at the balance of the way the fullbacks attack, I'm not seeing it at the moment from Robbo." READ MORE: Liverpool owners FSG risk backlash from fans amid shirt sponsor talks Despite Collymore's advice, Klopp ignored the former Liverpool star and opted to instead retain Robertson as his first-choice left-back. The Scottish international has started all but four Premier League games since the defeat at the London Stadium. He has successfully recaptured the form that helped Liverpool win the title two years ago, scoring twice and notching nine assists since Collymore's criticism. His latest starring display came on Sunday at Anfield in the Merseyside derby against Everton. READ MORE: Liverpool can rival Man City's Erling Haaland move with three signings (TRANSFERS)Carragher's 'defensive' criticism no longer a problem for Liverpool (INSIGHT)Frank Lampard claims Liverpool would've gotten Everton penalty shout (NEWS) The Reds had struggled to break down their fierce rivals in the first-half, but Robertson was on hand at the far post to head in the crucial opening goal just after the hour mark. He then made a crucial intervention at the other end, clearing Dele Alli's cross from virtually off the line. Robertson's performance ensured Liverpool kept the pressure on Manchester City at the top of the table. At the same time, the Scot proved his manager's decision to keep him in the line-up was the correct call and one that could help the Reds to win the quadruple.