Pippa Middleton is the Duchess of Cambridge’s younger sister, and she has two children, Grace and Arthur. Pippa managed to lose her post-pregnancy fat fast and has maintained her slim figure since. How does she do it? Like her sister, Pippa Middleton focuses on her diet and exercise to stay in shape. Although her exact size is not known, it seems Pippa has a similar figure to Kate, and therefore would be a slim size six. Despite being a mother to two young children, Pippa manages to stay fit and has a fantastic figure. According to the 38-year-old, one of the main ways she stays in shape is by having breakfast every day. READ MORE: Weight loss: Best bread to eat when on a diet She explained that she “can’t start the day properly” without breakfast. Breakfast has long been thought of as the most important meal of the day because it helps slimmers feel fuller for longer. This will, in turn, lead to fewer calories getting consumed throughout the day. Pippa said her breakfast is often comprised of “lots of porridge or boiled eggs with soldiers”. DON'T MISS:Intermittent fasting can produce ‘significant weight loss’ - diet plan [TIPS]Michael Mosley on the ‘foods we should be eating’ for weight loss [EXPERT]Emotional eating: Nutritionist shares how to curb 'crazy cravings' [INSIGHT]  But, other times, she opts for yoghurt, avocado, or muesli. “My usual breakfast is either plain yoghurt with chopped fruit and toasted seeds, oats and nuts or toasted rye bread with eggs or avocado,” Pippa told The i. She added she also enjoys “Bircher muesli with fresh berries on top”. “You can even make a batch for the whole week,” Pippa said. However, despite her healthy breakfasts, Pippa has unveiled in the past that she doesn’t shy away from sugary foods from time to time. For her, diet is all about balance. She wrote in Waitrose magazine: “I grew up with the belief that good health is about moderation in all things, so I’ll be celebrating healthy living through exercise, a balanced diet and a little of the naughty stuff sprinkled in – I'm talking chocolate, crisps and an occasional glass of wine.” The 38-year-old continued: “I’ve never done Dukan, attempted Atkins or exercised religiously seven days a week but I do believe in making healthy choices – keeping refined carbs such as white bread and pasta to a minimum, and sticking to sensible portion sizes.” Many experts have recommended swapping white carbs for wholegrains as doing so helps individuals feel fuller for longer. However, exercise is just as important as diet. Pippa’s children keep her active, and she also enjoys going to fitness classes by herself. Speaking to an interviewer from running shoe brand Hoka One One, she explained: “Being active with my two and a half-year-old son in the park or playground, transporting him on the back of my bike, and buggy running when he was a baby have been ways in which I have been able to include outdoor exercise whilst being a hands-on mummy.” She added: “I worked out for 45 minutes, three or four times a week, depending on my energy levels but ensured that the routines I did were lighter than usual.” Pippa also attends classes for “Barrecore, strength and conditioning, pilates, or yoga”.