Speaking at the Invictus Games in The Hague, the prince said he would “never, ever rest” until he has made the world a better place for his children Archie and Lilibet. The Duke of Sussex told children reporters he wanted his own children to grow up in a "fairer world, a safer world, a more equal world". However, the prince has been met with heavy criticism over his move to the United States, and subsequent step back from royal duties.  Taking to Twitter to challenge the Duke, royal commentator Angela Levin said: “If Harry is keen on an equal life for all, shouldn't he set an example? “Don't do what I do, do what I want to happen globally.” Speaking of the titles the prince and his wife currently hold, one user questioned the prince having the best of both worlds. OhTheLies said: “We want equality but only if it means we get to keep titles, security, fabulous wealth and everything we earned as colonisers, is what he meant to say.”  Slamming the luxurious lifestyle led by the prince, one Twitter user mentioned the extremely beneficial financial system the Duke enjoys. Wen and Jen said: “They live on a different planet from the rest of us. "I'm sure they worry every day how they will pay their heating bills, food bills, council tax etc as the ordinary everyday folk here do. “Really fed up with their posturing.” However, not all supported the notion of giving the royal couple a hard time. Mbetti said: “His titles are his birthright over which he did not have a choice and he should not deny his heritage by his lifestyle choices. “What we call him is his preference and choice. “He is transparently trying to balance all of this.”  READ MORE:Prince Harry 'toned down' memoir to appear on palace balcony - claim Deb Powell said: “Some positivity from you would be nice, for a change. “Talk about what Harry is the founder of. “The Invictus Games are doing so much good, giving purpose, focus and a positive outlook for all injured servicemen and women. “I don't see anyone else helping them.” Backing up the heroes of the games, Paul Redhead said: “Here’s a thought instead of the constant negativity, why not report on the actual games? “The true hero stories from peoples whose lives have been transformed? “You don’t want positive news, it doesn’t sell.”  DON'T MISS:Easyjet 11-hour nightmare flight lands back in Bristol [REPORT]Welshman slams claim tourist tax is anti-English as 'absurd' [REVEAL]Dog attack horror: Mother shares images of son [INSIGHT] The trip to Europe is the first time the Duchess of Sussex has travelled to Europe in two years. Children have featured heavily in the couple's visit, with the pair being driven around the games at one point by children in mini-land rovers. Speaking of his pledge to children, Harry said: “It's not going to be easy but I will never, ever, ever rest until I have as a parent at least tried to make the world a better place for them because it is our responsibility that the world is the way it is now. "'I don't think we should be bringing children into the world unless we're going to make that commitment to make it better for them. “We cannot steal your future."  The prince has also used the games to speak about his own son’s future, jokingly saying he wanted to be a “helicopter pilot of course” in reference to his own career. The Duchess also revealed she wanted to attend a children's book reading so she could be around youngsters as she missed her own. 