The GB News presenter said the “whole thing hinges” on the debate between the French President and his far-right rival on April 20, ahead of voters taking to the polls on April 24. Mr Farage said if Ms Le Pen comes out on top, she is likely to go on to win the election. The former Brexit Party leader said: “Everybody will tell you that Macron is going to win, just as they told you that Brexit couldn't happen and just as they told you that Trump would never beat Clinton. “So the fact there is a consensus that says she can't do it, I wouldn't take too seriously. “I think the whole thing hinges on the head to head debate on April 20, with the elections taking place on the 24th. “One of the reasons it matters so much is that she did so badly last time against him and there's an expectation that she won't be any better. “However, I've noticed that it's Macron on the election trail that’s started to look under pressure. “And she looks a lot calmer and a lot more serene than she did five years ago. “If she can win the debate that night, then she can win on the 24th.” But the GB News host questioned whether Ms Le Pen can succeed after her poor performance when she debated Mr Macron as part of the race to the French presidency in 2017. READ MORE: Le Pen rages at Macron as French inflation rampages  Mr Farage said: “Can she win that debate? “I don't know the answer to that, she failed last time dismally. “But if she can provide the right answers that French people want to hear, especially around the cost of living, if she sounds more credible on that than Macron, she can win.” Mr Farage added that the EU would be “having kittens” at the prospect of Ms Le Pen winning. DON'T MISS‘Never had a president as authoritarian as Macron’ Le Pen savages [INSIGHT]Could Marine Le Pen land a shock victory? Macron close to losing [ANALYSIS]Macron dubs Le Pen election showdown a 'referendum on Europe' [VIDEO]  While Ms Le Pen is no longer pushing for France to leave the bloc, she does want the country’s contributions slashed. He said: “Some years ago [French newspaper] Libération wrote an article saying, ‘Nigel Farage is the EU's worst nightmare because he wants to leave’. “Marine Le Pen could be an even bigger nightmare if she wins the presidency and wants to stay.” Mr Farage’s comments come as centrist Mr Macron came top in the first round of the French presidential election with 27.84 percent of the votes. Ms Le Pen, who has softened her image and focused her campaign on the cost of living crisis, came second with 23.15 percent. Some polls show her victory in the second round is within the margin of error as Mr Macron faces a tougher challenge than the 2017 run-off between the pair. An OpinionWay-Kea Partners poll published by Les Echos and Radio Classique on Tuesday showed Ms Le Pen is closing the gap although Mr Macron would still win with 54 percent.