Prince Louis of Cambridge turned four-years-old on Saturday, April 23. Like on every Cambridge child's birthday, a new set of photos were released of the young prince to show royal fans just how much he had grown in the past year and there is constant discussion as to who each of the Cambridge children look like. One royal expert has spoke on the youngest Cambridge's likeliness to Prince Andrew and our royal correspondent Richard Palmer discussed the royal expert's comments about the Prince Louis and Prince Andrew's resemblance with the royal round-up's host Pandora Forsyth. Speaking on Louis' birthday pictures, Mr Palmer said: "These pictures made virtually every front page of the British national newspapers". The royal correspondent said: "[The pictures] always leads to this game of, the nightmare of, you know, where are the clothes from. "I'm not sure if I can get to the bottom of that one, although I have seen some reference, some people, stating in confidence that they know [where] the shirts that Prince Louis is wearing [are from]". He added: "The other thing is who does he look like?". "I don't see any major change there, i think people have been saying for a long time that he [Louis] is the Cambridge child that looks most like a Middleton. READ MORE: ‘Two dignified and strong women!’ Kate and Anne step out on first joint royal engagement "He just looks so like Michael Middleton [Kate's father] to me - its ts always fun. Mr Palmer continued: "There was somebody who has been around, a journalist that been around on the royal scene far longer than I have, who was saying that he thought he [Louis] looked a little bit like Prince Andrew at the same age. "I have had a look and I can sort of see what he was saying - but its far more a Michael Middleton". Host Ms Forsyth added: "You know, children change at such a rapid rate, I'm sure it will be interesting to see what he turns out to be. "But with all these pictures, you very much tell the personality". READ MORE: 'Going nowhere' Meghan and Harry 'completely underestimated' life without royal platform The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge welcomed their youngest child in April 2018. Louis is the third child for the couple and has two older siblings, Prince George and Princess Charlotte. Kate, 40, has become an accomplished photographer and has taken control of her family's image to a new level. She has limited most publicly available pictures of her children, Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince Louis, four, to shots she has taken. DON'T MISS Royal rift POLL: Should William work to resolve the feud with Harry? [POLL]Harry not attending Jubilee 'would be greatest gift to give Queen' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's US neighbours 'bristling' - claim [REVEAL] It has meant there are fewer photos of them than of previous generations of the Royal Family. This has meant that the pictures are often more intimate and relaxed because their mother has taken them.