Veteran boxing promoter Bob Arum believes a crossover bout between WBC heavyweight champion Tyson Fury and UFC heavyweight champion Francis Ngannou will "do bigger business" than the blockbuster clash between Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor. Back in 2017, boxing legend Mayweather took on then UFC lightweight champion McGregor in a boxing match, which Mayweather won by TKO in the tenth round. The bout was dubbed 'The Money Fight' and generated 4.3m domestic PPV buys and a whopping $500m in total revenue, making it the second biggest PPV in history behind Mayweather's fight with Manny Pacquiao. Globally, the event did more than 5m buys, with Mayweather earning a reported $275m and McGregor banking a reported $85m. However Arum, who co-promotes Fury alongside Frank Warren, believes a showdown between the 'Gypsy King' and the 'Predator' will surpass Mayweather vs McGregor. A bout between the pair was teased after Fury's successful title defence against Dillian Whyte over the weekend. Ngannou was brought into the ring and Fury told ESPN: "This is going to be one very special fight. JUST IN: Ricky Hatton weighs in on Fury retirement raising Joshua questions "It'll be something never before seen in the history of our sport. We're not talking two guys around 140lb, I'm 270lb, he's 270lb. It's going to be an explosive fight when it happens. "I'm the boxing heavyweight champion, he's the UFC heavyweight champion, he's in great shape, look at the muscles on him." Ngannou then added: "We are going to find out who is the baddest motherf***er on the planet." And speaking to BoxingScene.com about a potential fight between Fury and Ngannou, Arum said: "This UFC guy, assuming that he’s able to fight, that’ll do monumental business. They know each other and they know how much there is to be made for that fight. I think Fury and this UFC heavyweight champion, Ngannou, do bigger business than Mayweather and McGregor." DON'T MISSEddie Hearn claims Joshua would beat Fury despite Whyte KOAnthony Joshua camp manager not buying Tyson Fury retirementWhyte insists Fury defeat was "close" and he was not outclassed He added: "Make it a hybrid fight, something that makes it a little uncomfortable for him as a boxer. Ideas like MMA gloves or fighting barefoot. I don't know, we still have to figure this out. I would say there's a 70% chance [my next opponent] is Tyson Fury. On his side I would say 90% against me."