Kathryn Hays, who starred in Star Trek and US soap opera As the World Turns, has died, with her heartbroken co-star and former on-screen husband Don Hastings paying tribute. She was 88 years old. Kathryn played Kim on As the World Turns for 38 years. She also portrayed Gem, a mute alien who could heal people by assuming their pain and injuries, in Star Trek. Don Hastings, who played Dr. Robert "Bob" Hughes opposite Kathryn in As the World Turns, paid tribute to the iconic actress in a statement. “Our relationship as Bob and Kim was as close as Kathryn and my relationship, except we were not married,” he said, according to TV Line. “We were more like brother and sister and we were great friends. “Our biggest squabble was that she always wanted to rehearse and I wanted to take a nap. “This is a huge loss to all who knew her.” Kathryn also starred in several other major TV shows, including Guilding Light, The Eleventh Hour, The Man from U.N.C.L.E., and Law & Order. She also made appearances in films including Yuma (1971), Ride Beyond Vengeance (1966) and Counterpoint (1968). In May 2020, she appeared in an episode of The Locher Room, a YouTube series which reunited various soap actors. Kathryn was married three times, firstly to Sidney Steinberg in 1957, and then to Gilda actor Glenn Ford from 1966 to 1969. She was also wed to Wolf Lieshke from 1984-1986. DON'T MISS: Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [NEWS]Countdown's Rachel Riley fears show stint could spell 'end of career' [ADMISSION]Kate Garraway 'moving to better place' after struggles, co-star hopes [LATEST] Her most recent television role was as Jane Willet in an episode of Law & Order: Special Victims Unit named Florida. Fans have been paying tribute to the star on social media, with Amy Danko writing: “A "kiddo" from Kim Hughes was worse than anyone else calling you a b***h or a tramp. “RIP, Kathryn Hays.” Dee added: “This hurt. I absolutely loved Kim! Condolences to her family.” Michael Logan penned: "RIP Kathryn Hays, the luminous, fabulous actress who played Kim Hughes on CBS's As The World Turns. "Her longtime partnership with Don Hastings (as Bob) was the very heart and soul of a grand soap opera that so many of us still miss dearly. Rest well, sweet lady." Michael Frye echoed: "So sad to hear of the loss of Kathryn Hays. A legend. "My mom watched her stories for as long as I remember. Kim Hughes was one of her favorites. May she Rest In Peace."