After last month’s announcement of the lottery winners, people across the country will be looking to see how they can improve their chances of taking home the £1million prize in May. Currently, NS&I says the odds of winning any prize per £1 Bond number stand at 34,500 to one. On his website, Martin Lewis shared how Premium Bond winners often are chosen down to “luck”, and pointed out some will have better than average luck. The financial expert noted that the more bonds people have, the more likely their chances of winning will improve. Mr Lewis said: “Your chance of winning the jackpot per ticket on the National Lottery is one in 45 million in a week, far outstripping the one in more than 56 billion chance of becoming a millionaire through one single Premium Bond in a month. “Of course though, the more bonds you have, the more chance you have of winning. “Plus, bonds are entered into the draw every month, rather than as a one off.” READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  Premium Bonds are a savings account managed by National Savings and Investment (NS&I), which is backed by the UK Government. Compared to savings accounts from other banks, interest on Premium Bonds is acquired through a monthly prize draw. For the month of April, NS&I confirmed two lucky individuals as the winners of the Premium Bonds grand prize. The first bond winner drew the number 117XT770430 and came from Hereford and Worcester.  This £1million winner currently holds £50,000 in Premium Bonds and purchased the winning Bond in October 2006. As a result of their win, they have become just the third millionaire chosen from Hereford and Worcester. The other bond winner had the number 112WT615892 drawn and comes from West Sussex. This particular winner holds £49,995 in Premium Bonds and purchased their winning Bond in July 2006. They are the tenth Premium Bonds millionaire from West Sussex. Jill Waters, the Retail Director of NS&I, encouraged people to begin saving with Premium Bonds while praising last month’s winners. Ms Waters said: “Congratulations to our Premium Bonds jackpot winners from Hereford & Worcester and West Sussex. “Good things really do come to those who wait, as both of our winners bought their Bonds over 15 years ago, and have now won the £1million Premium Bonds jackpot.” “You can start sowing a regular savings habit this spring by investing in Premium Bonds from just £25. Customers can invest via bank transfer or they can set up a regular standing order.” ERNIE, otherwise known as Electronic Random Number Indicator Equipment, is responsible for picking the Premium Bonds winners.