The most obvious symptom of testicular cancer is a lump in one of the testicles. The NHS says the lump or swelling “can be about the size of a pea, but may be larger”. Even if a lump or swelling is found it doesn’t automatically suggest cancer. Nevertheless, any change of this nature found on the testicles should not be ignored. READ MORE: B12 deficiency symptoms: Three signs in your feet that signal 'damage' As well as a lump or swelling other symptoms of testicular cancer occurring in the region include:• An increase in the firmness of a testicle• A difference in appearance between one testicle and the other• A dull ache or sharp pain in the testicles or scrotum, this may come and go• A feeling of heaviness in the scrotum. In some cases, pain in the testicles can be linked to stress or symptoms of poor blood flow to and from one of the testicles.  The NHS recommends seeing a GP if one or more of the symptoms are present. However, they add: “If you do not feel comfortable visiting a GP, you can go to your local sexual health clinic, where a healthcare professional will be able to examine you.” If cancer from the testicles spreads, at this point becoming metastatic testicular cancer, it can cause other symptoms. A persistent cough, coughing or spitting up blood, shortness of breath, swelling and enlargement of the breasts, a lump or swelling in the neck, and lower back pain are all examples of how metastatic cancer will present. With regard to survival rates, if caught early, testicular cancer has one of the highest. Cancer Research UK says around 90 out of 100 men will survive their cancer for 10 or more years after diagnosis. However, this relies on the cancer being caught early. Even if it isn’t cancer, experts say it is far better to get checked than to leave it and find out it could have been treated before a later stage. Meanwhile, in Belfast, a trial has begun with the aim of identifying the genes that cause male breast cancer. Led by a consortium known as MERGE, the study will analyse the DNA samples of 5,000 men with breast cancer and compared with 10,000 men who don’t. Dr Nick Orr said of the study: “We need to develop a better understanding of breast cancer in men in order to improve prevention, early detection, and treatment.” Male breast cancer is much rarer than testicular cancer, accounting for just one percent of cancer cases in the UK.