On Friday, free access to lateral flow tests was removed in England as part of the Government’s “Living with Covid” strategy. The development is the latest in a gradual easing of restrictions which aims to return the country to a somewhat state of normality again after enduring Covid measures for the past two years. Throughout the pandemic, each member state of the UK has adopted restrictions based on decisions taken by their respective devolved governments. Although most rules across the British Isles have now come to an end, a few still remain active in Wales and Scotland. The one universal agreement reached by all countries in the UK is that travel restrictions no longer apply. So, what rules remain in place for each member of Britain? Read on to find out.  READ MORE: Fears man dead in blast may have bought appliance to 'deal with cold' Practically all of England’s Covid rules have now been removed. Earlier this year the Government introduced its 'Living with Covid' strategy which has done away with mandatory self-isolation periods and face coverings for indoor spaces. However, you are still required to wear masks in healthcare settings, such as GP surgeries, hospitals and care homes. Now, if you test positive for the virus you are only advised to stay at home and avoid contact with others for at least five full days, however, this is not a legal requirement.  Until April 18 members of the public still need to wear face coverings while using public transport and in some indoor settings, such as shops - it will change to "advice" beyond this date. Apart from this Scotland has lifted most legal restrictions. Unlike in England, free Covid tests will remain available in Scotland until the end of April, although the rules around who should test, and when, will change. From May 1: DON'T MISS: Dog desperate for home after crying for five days at rescue shelter [NEWS]Royal Family LIVE: Beatrice's 'risky gesture' to Andrew and Queen [LIVE]‘You’re part of the problem!’ BBC QT audience member clashes with p... [WATCH]  Advice in Wales states you should wear masks while in shops or on public transport, though it’s no longer a legal requirement. Health and social care settings do make it mandatory for you to wear masks within them though. Until the end of June the following testing measures will also remain in place:  After the end of June, free LFTs won't be available and contact tracing, as well as self-isolation support payments, will end. The Government in Northern Ireland recommends that face masks are still worn in certain places, such as enclosed public spaces and health and social care settings. Otherwise, all other Covid restrictions have been lifted. 