Real Madrid chiefs still remain confident of signing out-of-contract Paris Saint-Germain star Kylian Mbappe in the summer - despite the Frenchman reportedly making a u-turn earlier in the week and indicating he would sign a new deal. Mbappe, 23, is out of contract at the end of the season despite signing for PSG for a fee of £160million in 2017. Being just 18 years old at the time, Mbappe's fee was a calculated risk by the French giants upon his arrival. However, 160 goals in 209 games for the Parisians since has cemented the Bondy-born star's place as one of the world's best footballers. With his contract up in the summer, every club across the world wants his signature - including Real Madrid, who have reportedly earmarked the pacy hitman as their top target. But despite reports emerging this week that Mbappe was set to stay in the French capital by signing a new two-year deal, 90min claim that Florentino Perez is confident of securing his signature. It is unclear if Real Madrid still expect Mbappe to leave PSG on a free or whether they intend to make a bid even if he signs an extension. MUST READ: Arsenal, Man Utd given reason to buy Nunez as he shows clinical side  Los Blancos reportedly made a £150m bid to sign Mbappe last summer, although this was rejected as PSG had just signed superstar Lionel Messi and wanted the duo to play together alongside Neymar. However, continued failures in the Champions League may have given Mbappe cold feet in terms of him staying in his home nation, and a move to Madrid could well be in the offing. Madrid striker Karim Benzema is approaching the end of his career, and the Galacticos are keen to add a new star to their ranks. But it remains to be seen whether a deal can be done in the summer, with the power entirely in Mbappe's hands. PSG chief Leonardo confidently claimed the former Monaco star would stay at the club back in March. "It is not true," the Brazilian said. "We have not sent a specific offer. There is an important element: I think the last thing we will put in this contract will be money. We want to put him in the best conditions to make him the best player possible. We have hardly ever spoken about money because it's not about that. Kylian has such a great value that I think that is secondary. I think that to put the amount, it would take two minutes. MORE CHAMPIONS LEAGUE NEWS...Man City beat Atletico Madrid: Five things we learnedPep Guardiola hails 'special' Man City trio after Atletico winThomas Tuchel demands Chelsea fans 'be better' vs Real Madrid "More and more [it's clear he wants to stay at PSG]. It's a question of feeling. The French player, when he is a starter, aims to play abroad. It's no coincidence that in the 1998 world champion team you had a majority of players who played abroad. There is a reality [in terms of valuing Mbappe enough]. Kylian is the best player in the world today. Messi has always been at this level, and for me he's still at this level, but it's normal for new players to get there too. It's not about judging who is better. One is 23, the other is 34. "I can't say what will happen, but we have possibilities [to keep him]. As long as there is no signature, we will try everything, we will do everything possible to keep him. I don't think it will be decided by the result against Real Madrid." The French giants eventually lost that game against Real Madrid 3-2 on aggregate, despite Mbappe putting his side 2-0 up with just 45 minutes remaining in the second leg of the tie.