Prince Harry sparked controversy this week following his interview with NBC's Today programme. Speaking with the show's anchor Hoda Kotb while attending the Invictus Games at The Hague, Harry discussed his meeting with his grandmother, the Queen. He also dodged questions about his relationship with William and Charles. The Daily Mail’s Diary Editor Richard Eden has accused Harry of taking "calculated digs at his family". Speaking on MailPlus' Palace Confidential, Mr Eden said that interview was meant to be about the Incites Games, "but, oh no, it's all about Harry". He said: "To me, it seemed really calculating. "Harry's now married to an actress and I get the impression that he's given guidance, tips, he's prepared for this type of interview." JUST IN: 'You should be embarrassed!' Dr Shola erupts at Levin in royal row Mr Eden continued: "It was meant to be about the Invictus Games, which is a really worthy project and there are some fascinating stories there. "But, oh no, it's all about Harry. Everything he said, the calculated digs at his family. It was a real hark back to the Oprah interview. "It seemed very much calculated and planned for, really." However, fellow Palace Confidential guest and royal historian Tessa Dunlop disagreed with Mr Eden's assessment. She said: "I don't believe Harry is capable of extraordinary calculation during a live interview. "I think what he is very aware of is the need to walk a fine line, a tightrope, and that is super challenging. "It was an extraordinary uncomfortable watch I felt, from that point of view, but I don't think it was cynical or calculated." DON'T MISS: Meghan 'pushes Harry away' after televised kiss [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola erupts at Vine caller defending 'liar' Boris [VIDEO]UK breakthrough signals new hope in cancer fight [COMMENT] Speaking of his meeting with his grandmother, the Duke of Sussex said: “It was great. "It was really nice to see her in some element of privacy. Being with her it was great, it was just so nice to see her, she's on great form. “She's always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure that she's protected and got the right people around her. “Both Meghan and I had tea with her, so it was really nice to catch up with her. “We have a really special relationship, we talk about things that she can't talk about with anybody else.”