Sofia Hellqvist, 37, tied the knot with Prince Carl Philip in 2015 and is now a member of the Swedish Royal Family. The Princess was formerly a glamour model and had taken part in various reality shows in Sweden. Carl is fourth-in-line to the throne after his older sister, Crown Princess Victoria and her two children.  The royal couple lives in Villa Solbacken, a beautiful estate located along the outskirts of the Kungliga Djurgården (Royal Game Park) in Stockholm. In 2014, it was announced the two-story home would undergo extensive renovations in preparation to become the newly-engaged Carl Philip and Sofia’s marital home. During the remodelling, builders found asbestos throughout the home. READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham marries into astonishingly wealthy family As a result, the couples’ original plan was stalled. They moved into Rosendal Palace, also located on Djurgården until renovations to Villa Solbacken were finally completed in 2017. Carl and Sofia have lived in Villa Solbacken ever since, raising their three sons, Alexander, Gabriel and Julian. In its present state, the home appears to be modest, by royal standards. The house is around 2,600 square feet.  The main level includes a kitchen, dining room, and lounges that would serve as the primary entertainment areas. The upstairs comprises four bedrooms, a children’s bathroom, and a private living area for the family’s personal use. During the lockdowns, Carl and Sofia posted photos from their home office set-ups, as they held meetings with their charities by phone and video conferencing during the pandemic. Royal fans were given a glimpse into the royal couple's home, Villa Solbacken, in Stockholm. The photos showed Carl listening intently through his AirPods, sitting at a desk with an iPad and a diary.   Others showed Sofia, wearing cream knitwear, in her studious set-up with an iPad, a diary and a folder of notes. A window seat could be seen in the background with white oversized cushions for a comfy view out over the property's leafy grounds. The Villa was built by the architect Ragnar Hjorth in 1930. Nine years later, Prince Carl Philip’s great-uncle Prince Bertil purchased the home. Prince Bertil lived there with his wife, Princess Lillian. When Bertil died in 1997, he passed the home on to Carl Philip with the assumption Lillian would continue to live there for the remainder of her life. Lillian died in 2013, and Villa Solbacken remained untouched until renovations began the following year for Prince Carl.   Photos from 1993 show Prince Bertil of Sweden at his office in Villa Solbacken. The office was filled with massive bookcases that filled up the entire wall behind the Prince's desk. His wooden desk was filled with photo frames and a yellow lampshade to add some character to the room. Other photos showed Bertil and Lillian in their lounge, sitting on very comfy white sofas. The white sofas were filled with blue cushions and placed behind a mahogany coffee table.  Behind the sofa, there was beautiful artwork in gold and blue to match the interior of the rest of the room. Photos also showed the grand gardens accompanying the villa, which also had vines leading up the back of the house.   