The UK set out its energy security strategy this week and the Government says it wants to “lead the world once again” in nuclear power by reversing what it describes as "decades of underinvestment". Prime Minister Boris Johnson says that expanding the use of nuclear power would help cut energy bills and dependence on Russian supplies. He said: “We’re setting out bold plans to scale up and accelerate affordable, clean and secure energy made in Britain, for Britain – from new nuclear to offshore wind – in the decade ahead. “This will reduce our dependence on power sources exposed to volatile international prices we cannot control, so we can enjoy greater energy self-sufficiency with cheaper bills.” The Government hopes to approve a new nuclear reactor each year until 2030 with the aim for all eight to be up and running by 2050. Currently, the UK has 15 nuclear reactors which can supply 20 percent of demands — but most will cease operation before 2030. Thirteen new reactors are in development with advanced plans confirmed for Wylfa on Anglesey and two new reactors were approved for Sizewell C in Suffolk. Oldbury in South Gloucestershire and Moorside (Sellafield) in Cumbria have also been identified as appropriate sites. A new body named Great British Nuclear will be founded to manage the UK’s investment in nuclear power. A £120million “Future Nuclear Enabling Fund” will also be launched later this month to kickstart projects. It is hoped that by 2050 up to 24 Gigawatts (GW) of electricity will be generated by nuclear – making up 25 percent of the projected demand. Tom Greatrex, CEO of the Nuclear Industry Association, said these plans were a “vital step forward” for the UK to meet its climate targets and would create thousands of jobs. He added: “The ambition and determination to do much more and quicker is very welcome.” However, the long-term environmental consequences of nuclear power and the waste it generates are unclear. A paper from the House of Lords in October says the issue of nuclear waste remains "unresolved in the UK". So what do YOU think? Do you support the UK’s investment in nuclear power? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.