Augusta National has seen some of the best golf ever played by some of the greatest players to ever live. Incredible comebacks, game-changing recoveries from the rough, and even a few holes-in-one. But The Masters has also seen its fair share of mishaps and devastating collapses. With the whole world watching and a coveted Green Jacket on the line, the pressure can become too much - leading to plenty of moments players would hope to forget. Here, Express Sport has delved into the archives to count down the most embarrassing moments from Augusta National. Tiger Woods’ nightmare 10 on par 3 (2020) Tiger Woods followed up an improbable Masters victory in 2019 with a tournament to forget in 2020. The defending champion recorded his highest Masters score ever made at the par-3 12th hole and hit a four-over-par round of 76. Woods dropped three shots into the water at Rae’s Creek and, after a battle with the bunker, managed to release his ball from the sand with shot eight before two-putting on the green for 10. READ MORE: Piers Morgan calls Tiger Woods 'golf GOAT' and backs him at Masters Augusta security guard slide tackles Tiger Woods (2019) Not everyone who blunders at The Masters is a player, however. One Augusta security guard became an internet sensation overnight after nearly taking out Tiger Woods with a slide tackle. The incident took place on the 14th hole when Woods was taking his second shot from the wooded area to the left of the fairway. After Woods landed his shot, the security guard ran behind him in order to stop oncoming fans from getting too close. Unfortunately for the guard, the only person getting too close to Woods would be himself as he slipped on the grass and produced a crunching challenge Vinnie Jones would be proud of. Luckily, Woods was unharmed and went on to win The Masters that year. Zach Johnson hits the ball into the tee marker with practice swing (2019) The Augusta security guard incident was not the only embarrassing moment to occur in 2019. America’s Zach Johnson clipped his ball with his club while attempting a practice swing on the 13th hole. The ball ricocheted into the tee marker and landed five yards in front of him as Johnson let out a very loud “oh s***”. Thankfully, rule changes permitted that Johnson could retake the shot as the connection was unintentional. This moment is perhaps best summed up best by Grant Boone on commentary: “And we don’t have to say it was embarrassing because Zach Johnson did himself.” DON'T MISSTiger Woods' 2019 redemption victory and 4 other best Masters momentsTiger Woods confident he can win The MastersTiger Woods confirm he's set to play Masters 14 months after car crash Tsuneyuki Nakajima makes 13 (1978) In 1978 at his first Masters, Tsuneyuki ‘Tommy’ Nakajima recorded the worst score in Masters history as he made a 13 on the par-5 13. Nakajima hit the ball into Rae's Creek, tried to play out of the water, and received two penalties en route to the worst golf he would ever play. Later that very same year, Nakajima would make a similar mistake at the British Open when it took him four strokes to get the ball out of the bunker at the 17th for a quintuple bogey. This soon led to the unfortunate phrase 'The Sands of Nakajima' and a year to forget for ‘Tommy’. Greg Norman’s infamous collapse (1996) Greg Norman started the final day of The 1996 Masters with a six-stroke lead. However, in shooting a 78 in the final round including four bogeys and five double-bogeys, Norman essentially handed the green jacket to Nick Faldo. This defeat would mark his third second-place finish at The Masters and goes down in history as one of the worst collapses in the history of the sport. In a solemn final press conference, Norman told reporters: “I screwed up. It’s all on me. I know that. “But losing this Masters is not the end of the world. I let this one get away, but I still have a pretty good life. I’ll wake up tomorrow, still breathing, I hope. All these hiccups I have, they must be for a reason. All this is just a test. I just don’t know what the test is yet.”