Grant Shapps is looking to set legally binding targets to speed up the shift away from petrol and diesel, and towards the mass adoption of electric vehicles. In its new report, the Department for Transport proposed legally binding annual targets that car manufacturers will be forced to meet before 2035. In less than eight years, the Government will ban the sales of new petrol and diesel vehicles in the UK. Just five years later, a similar ban will be introduced to restrict sales of hybrid vehicles. The proposed scheme would start in 2024, when manufacturers would have to sell all-electric cars, which account for 22 percent of their total sales. The Government document added: “There is a level of uncertainty based on the form of wider policy measures and future demand, but this modelling assumes that by 2030 a minimum of 80 percent of all new UK car sales are zero emission. READ MORE: GB News guest claims electric car 'broke after a few months' “It assumes a 22 percent mandate in 2024 and 52 percent in 2028. “Alongside ZEV uptake, it also assumes further efficiency improvements to non ZEVs.” In 2030, the European Union expects approximately 46 percent of all new car sales to be ZEV across the EU. The document stated that the UK is a leading ZEV market in Europe, so would expect to be above this average value. DON'T MISSProduction ceases of Vauxhall Astras and Ford Mondeos [INSIGHT]Driver who queued for 17 minutes to pay for parking gets fined £270 [SHOCKING]Highway Code: Calls to end loophole which allows cyclists to use phone [IMPORTANT] Launched as part of the Net Zero Strategy, the ZEV mandate will require manufacturers to sell a certain proportion of electric vehicles in the lead up to 2030. Caterina Brandmayr, head of climate policy at Green Alliance, said the Government’s consultation for the ZEV mandate was a positive step, but said more could still be done. She said: “Pushing for carmakers to increase sales of pure electric vehicles will bring down costs for drivers, cut our reliance on volatile fossil fuels and boost UK manufacturing. “But ambitious sales targets are needed to ensure more people can benefit from clean cars sooner.” The Government said a further consultation was needed to hear proposals for ZEV mandate target trajectories. Sales for new electric cars grew massively in March, accounting for almost one third of total car registrations. Around 39,000 electric cars were registered last month, more than in the whole of 2019. The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders said that new rules “must encourage consumers to purchase, not just compel manufacturers to produce”. SMMT chief executive Mike Hawes said: “The danger is that consumers will lack the incentive to purchase these new vehicles in the quantities needed, keeping their older, more polluting vehicles for even longer thereby undermining the carbon savings this regulation seeks to deliver.” James Hind, CEO of carwow, called on the Government to look at other examples as a way to get consumers to invest in electric cars. He added: “From consumer interviews, we still believe that there is more the car industry can do to train consumer facing dealership staff to help educate and inform prospective new car buyers about the advantages and realities of electric vehicle usage. “The sales mandates that have been talked about are one way this could be encouraged, but we would also call upon the Government to study the hugely positive impact that German Government funded EV subsidies have had on accelerating electric new car sales in Germany over the last couple of years. “The RRP of electric cars versus similar internal combustion engine cars is significantly higher, so if the Government is serious on making this shift happen then they need to help lower the cost through incentives or subsidies.”