The UK's official list of COVID-19 symptoms has been expanded to include nine new signs of coronavirus. However, many of these are now parallel with official symptoms used to determine a cold. Among the UK Health Security Agency's new official symptoms are feeling tired or exhausted, a blocked or runny nose and a sore throat. The updated list follows a sudden spike in new COVID-19 cases, with the figure soaring to 225,992 as of March 21, 2022. A new Covid subvariant Omicron XE has also been discovered in the UK, thought to be linked to the high number of Covid cases. Much like Omicron, many of the symptoms of Omicron XE are believed to be much like a bad cold. And with free testing axed for the majority in the UK now, it might be difficult to tell which you are experiencing. READ MORE: Allergies or Covid? Differences in key symptoms Initially, the NHS listed the main symptoms of COVID-19 as: DON'T MISSNew Omicron variant symptoms: XE variant mistaken for common cold [EXPLAINER]Woman diagnosed with tumour warns others migraines key symptom [INTERVIEW]Pfizer fourth booster vaccine: Early trial reveals three side effects [REPORT]  However, in recent weeks this list has been updated to include: The NHS notes: "The symptoms are very similar to symptoms of other illnesses, such as colds and flu." According to the NHS, the main symptoms of a cold "come on gradually". These can include: There are very few key differences between the two, but if you're suffering from shortness of breath, diarrhoea or being sick, it may be worth getting a test for Covid. If you have been in close contact with someone who has coronavirus, and then develop symptoms, this is a good sign you may have contracted the virus from them. However, the only way to know for certain is by taking a test. As of April 1, in England, free lateral flow tests are no longer generally available to members of the public. Most people with symptoms are no longer entitled to free PCR tests either. Only people who fit into specific criteria, such as NHS staff or hospital patients, are permitted to order free tests. However, tests can now be purchased from a number of pharmacies and supermarkets across the country. Lloyds Pharmacy, for example, is selling single tests for £1.89 or a pack of five for £9.29. Tesco Pharmacy has also confirmed it will be selling lateral flow test kits in 1,500 stores across the UK, with prices starting at £2.