Moscovites were quizzed on when they believe the war between Russia and Ukraine will end, as Vladimir Putin's invasion continues to stall. In a sign of growing dismay inside Russia, residents of the capital city admitted they were growing "tired" of the war and expressed surprise at how long it was taking. Russian officials are under mounting pressure to end its war in Ukraine before it holds a Victory Day celebration next month. It is understood that President Vladimir Putin had originally hoped to announce the victorious end of the invasion on May 9, which marks the Russian defeat of Nazi Germany in 1945 and the end of World War II. Speaking to Radio Free Europe, some pessimistically claimed that the war will not end until President Putin either "leaves" or "dies". Moscow residents mentioned that "everyone is tired of it and it seems to me that even Putin is tired of this". One person struggled to explain the delay as the war enters its 64th day. JUST IN: Putin humiliated after ‘overestimating’ Chechen army  She said: "I can't even guess. I thought it would take three days. But somehow our military is sparing the Ukrainians." One elderly woman said: "The way things are going, I think it probably will be at least another six months. "That's at best. The main thing is that another world war does not start." Another admitted "the situation is very difficult" while one elderly man simply said: "I wish it ends quickly." Some people, including a young woman, said they hope it will be over by Victory Day on May 9.  Other pro-war residents called on Russia to get tougher, saying: "We need to throw more powerful weapons in there and just put an end to it." Another added: "Ukraine should be completely wiped off the face of the Earth." One young man was even skeptical that a war was going on, telling Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty: "There is no war, it's all politics." Russia’s Black Sea fleet retains the ability to strike Ukrainian targets, despite its “embarrassing losses”, according to the latest update from Britain’s defence ministry. DON'T MISS: Germany sparks EU outrage over plan to pay for gas in rubles [INTERVIEW]Sky News host hits back at Dr Shola claiming Caribbeans against royals [VIDEO]Brexit POLL: Should Northern Ireland vote to scrap Protocol in 2024? [POLL]  Earlier today, the UK doubled down on defending Ukraine's right to target logistics within Russian territory. UK defence secretary Ben Wallace suggested this morning that the UK would be supplying Ukraine with weaponry that can strike Russian naval forces in the Black Sea. Russia’s foreign affairs ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova hit back: “Such aggression against Russia cannot remain without an answer. "Further provocation prompting Ukraine to strike against Russian facilities will be met with a harsh response from Russia." 