Manchester United midfielder Jesse Lingard is tempted to pursue a free transfer to Italy this summer, with three Serie A clubs linked. One suitor is AS Roma manager Jose Mourinho, eyeing a reunion with the 29-year-old years on from their fruitful relationship at Old Trafford. Lingard will leave United this summer upon his contract expiry, joining Paul Pogba, Juan Mata and Edinson Cavani out the exit door as free agents. And he isn't short of suitors from overseas and closer to home as he prepares to depart his boyhood club after 22 years. According to the Daily Mirror, Lingard has three options in Italy, as well as two potential Premier League destinations currently on the table. Serie A leaders AC Milan and Juventus join Roma's interest in his services, whilst Newcastle United and West Ham United are touted as English pursuers. But Mourinho could have the advantage, given his previous connections with Lingard. Fellow England internationals Chris Smalling and Tammy Abraham's career revivals under the 59-year-old in the Italian capital have also caught the United playmaker's attention. JUST IN: Ferdinand spills text conversation with Lampard before Everton win Lingard is set to secure the most attractive contract of his career wherever he moves this summer, potentially in excess of £150,000 per week, including signing on fees. However, whilst the report states it should be no problem for his Serie A suitors and Newcastle, West Ham will unlikely fork out such a deal. Speculation was rife after Lingard spent part of March's international break in Milan and was pictured with ex-teammate Zlatan Ibrahimovic. He may feel a brave move overseas could give him the best chance of breaking into Gareth Southgate's 2022 World Cup squad. READ MORE: Five things we learned as Mount stars in Chelsea romp vs Southampton A reunion with Mourinho is an exciting proposition, considering they enjoyed a strong partnership in M16, despite the Portuguese coach's explosive exit. Lingard featured in 107 of Mourinho's 144 games in charge across two and a half seasons and has publicly lauded the Roma boss for developing his game. He was expected to leave last summer after his successful loan at West Ham but decided to stay at Old Trafford and fight for his place in Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's squad. But Lingard has made just three starts all season and received his latest snub from Ralf Rangnick in Saturday's dismal defeat at Everton - with Juan Mata the German's preferred choice for a creative presence off the bench. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here