Lewis Hamilton had gone into the current F1 season hoping to win a historic eighth title and move ahead of Michael Schumacher in the history books. However, the Brit has endured a nightmare season so far - with things worsening at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix. And his tense conversation with Toto Wolff speaks volumes about Mercedes and sums up their current issues as they battle to be competitive. So far this season, things haven’t gone Hamilton’s way. He deserved big credit for finishing third in the opening race of the season in Bahrain, behind Ferrari pair Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz. But that’s been as good as it’s got. Hamilton has endured nightmare qualifying sessions so far and that’s impacted him in both Saudi Arabia and Australia, where he’s finished 10th and fourth in the standings respectively. Now, the 37-year-old’s anger appears to be boiling over - as well as Wolff’s. The Brit was seen having a tense exchange with his Team Principal after being dumped out of Q2 - along with Silver Arrows team-mate George Russell. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Hamilton and Russell had only just scraped through Q1 by the skin of their teeth and while it was clear the F1 icon was battling porpoising issues, it was yet another frustrating afternoon. Afterwards, tempers flared with cameras picking up on the pair having heated words. And that’s a damning sign of where Mercedes are currently at. Their title hopes, just mere races into the season, are already virtually over. Hamilton has been ambitious throughout his own career. He’s a serial winner, somebody who has become accustomed to triumph after triumph. Yet something seems broken this time around. Instead, it’s Ferrari and Red Bull who look like the sport’s two most dominant teams. Mercedes haven’t done enough this time around to challenge for the biggest prizes and their two key figures, it seems, are aware of that. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Hamilton wants to be the main man in F1, having won more titles than everybody in the sport’s history - barring Michael Schumacher. And with the duo no longer singing off the same hymn sheet, and clashing in the public eye, it doesn’t bode well for what lies ahead. Last year, by comparison, Hamilton took pole in qualifying ahead of the 2021 Emilia Romagna Grand Prix. And he then proceeded to finish second. While that gave Verstappen the upper hand in the race to secure F1 glory, Hamilton would likely bite your arm off for a repeat of what result this year. Instead, it’s looking increasingly likely the Silver Arrows are in for tough times ahead. Hamilton was asked about his exchange with Wolff on Friday but kept things coy, saying: “It was all internal stuff. “I do not want to share what was said. “You come here with optimism – you know everyone is working really hard at the factory – and when things just don’t come together, it is disappointing. “We underperformed as a team today. There are things we should have done which we did not do but we will work as hard as we can to move up in the Sprint race. Hopefully tomorrow is better weather wise and we can move forward. “We will just keep working hard, but each weekend is a rescue (effort).” Wolff, meanwhile, has said seeing Mercedes cars five seconds off the pace in practice made him ‘want to strangle himself’. "I like getting it wrong because that means you learn so much more,” he said. "Obviously, it is painful whilst you are in the moment. Certainly, when I see our car pounding around five seconds off the pace you want to strangle yourself. "As a matter of fact, I enjoy the challenge and I enjoy being bad because over the long run in these regulations we will be good."