The Main Intelligence Directorate of Ukraine suggested locals in the town, which is south-east of the city of Kharkiv, had taken drastic action against occupying forces. A statement posted on Facebook explained: "Ukrainians resist the occupiers by all available means. According to available information, local residents of the Izium district (Kharkiv region) 'treated' Russians from the 3rd Motorized Rifle Division of the Russian Federation with poisoned pies. As a result, two occupiers died at once, another 28 were taken to the intensive care unit. Their current state is being clarified.”The statement adds: “About 500 more servicemen of the 3rd Motorized Rifle Division of the Russian Federation are in hospitals due to severe alcohol poisoning of unknown origin.”The post suggested the Russian government had opted to classify the cases as “so-called 'non-combat losses”. Ukrainian civilians have taken matters into their own hands since Vladimir Putin ordered his full-scale invasion on February 24, with one Kyiv woman apparently downing a drone by throwing a can of tomatoes at it. The incidents appear to serve as clear illustrations that, despite Putin’s attempt to portray his invasion as a “special operation” aimed at “de-Nazifying” Ukraine, the country is openly hostile to Russian troops. NATO estimated last week suggested as many as 15,000 Russian troops have died since the beginning of the war. On the Ukrainian side, 902 Ukrainian civilians have been killed and 1,459 have been injured as of March 20, according to The Office of the High Commission of Human Rights, while warning actual numbers are likely to be significantly higher. Izium, which is located close to the Russian border, is likely to be at the centre of increasingly fierce fighting in the coming weeks, with Putin seeing it as an important base from which to launch assaults in the Donbas region.Control would enable Russia to split the eastern front, cutting Ukraine's southern forces from those in the north. The poisoning claims come after the discovery of mass graves of civilians on the outskirts of Kyiv following Russia’s retreat.