Loose Women and X-Factor star Stacey Solomon has been playfully taunting and teasing Joe on her Instagram for as long as many fans can remember, even persuading the disgusted ex-Eastenders actor to eat flower petals earlier in the year. However the teasing stepped up a notch after Stacey discovered her show, Sort Out Your Life, was in the running for a prestigious BAFTA. A clearly delighted Stacey crowed in a video clip of Joe tending to the fireplace: "Don't forget to put the kettle on after!" When Joe questioned her comment, she added: "For your BAFTA-nominated fiancee!" The 32-year-old's BBC One show helps disorganised and stressed residents to transform their homes with her help and guidance. However, she clearly hadn't expected it to strike a chord with the organisers of the prestigious award ceremony. READ NOW: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show She had taken to her Instagram Stories earlier on, having experienced bouts of hysterical giggles. "I’m laughing because it’s just not normal, like it’s the weirdest feeling ever!" she chortled. “I just rang my mum and was like ‘Mum, I’m up for a BAFTA!’ “Who’d have thought it?" She added her thanks to those who had been "watching it and loving it". "And thank you for... being so nice about it because there’s no way we would’ve even been considered if it wasn’t for that," she jubilantly told her 5.1 million followers. Stacey faces an anxious wait as it won't be until next month, on May 8, that she will finally learn whether she has clinched the prize. The competition is tough as she will be up against other TV favourites such as Big Zuu’s Big Eats, The Great British Sewing Bee, and Mortimer and Whitehouse: Gone Fishing. READ NOW: Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row Will Smith ‘refused’ to leave Oscars ceremony after slap, says Academy Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim Stacey's Instagram has become a show of its own, with many regularly tuning in to catch her often personal life updates. She and Joe have been renovating what Stacey hopes will become their "forever home" - the idyllic Pickle Cottage. The pair have two children together - son Rex and baby daughter Rose, Stacey's much-hoped for girl. She has revealed on Instagram in the past that it will be her last pregnancy. Meanwhile Joe is also committed to step-parenting Stacey's two oldest children from a previous relationship, Leighton and Zachary, besides his own older son Harry, who lives separately with his mother. The family, along with their boisterous dogs, have been admiring the snowfall after an unexpected blast of Arctic weather was sent in Britain's direction. The delighted showbiz star didn't miss an opportunity to capture the romance of the situation, posting videos she'd produced of her garden filling up with rapidly falling flakes. "Today we had our first snow at Pickle Cottage and it was magic!" she captioned it, before greeting this month with a cry of "Hello April!"