US President Joe Biden has asked Congress for a new aid package of 33billion dollars to Ukraine, as Russia’s forces are intensifying their offensives in the capital Kyiv and Eastern Ukraine. This week, both President Vladimir Putin and its foreign secretary Sergey Lavrov have escalated war tensions by warning of a possible nuclear war if foreign countries were to keep supporting Ukraine. To military analyst Evelyn Farkas, Joe Biden’s response to nuclear threats was the appropriate one, as the United States also has its own nuclear arsenal. Speaking to CNN, the executive director of the McCain Institute Evelyn Farkas said: “If the Russians want to go there [nuclear], then they will be signing their own death certificates. “This nuclear business, it’s frankly not only irresponsible but also doesn’t make sense because we have deterrents. “We have nuclear forces also at every level.” The new package demanded by President Biden is more than twice as big as the previous one provided in March which amounted to 13.6billion dollars. US lawmakers have so far united behind Ukraine and almost always unanimously supported assistance for Ukraine. As the US administration has almost run out of money, President Biden is requesting a “supplement budget” that “is going to keep weapons and ammunition flowing without interruption to the brave Ukrainian fighters and continue delivering economic and humanitarian assistance to the Ukrainian people.” READ MORE: EU gas blockade marching Russia towards 'economic collapse' “It tells the Russian that all the equipment that we’re giving the Ukrainians, all the advice we’re giving them, all the intelligence we’re giving them, this will continue. “And the Russians have to take that into consideration. Looking ahead, Ms Farkas warned Putin: “Yes, right now the Ukrainians are still somewhat vulnerable because that equipment and assistance isn’t there. It isn’t all there yet. So, they’re in a moment of perhaps, the most vulnerable moment. “Going forward, they will be increasingly stronger.” DON'T MISS: Macron and Scholz shamed as Poland leaves them red-faced over Ukraine [ANALYSIS]Kyiv rocked by two huge explosions as smoke billows over city in fresh [REPORT]'A special kind of Hell' - Tory MPs mock Tusk on EU disunity [INSIGHT] The announcement of a new US package comes after Moscow warned Washington against providing Ukraine with additional military assistance. Moscow’s ambassador to the US accused the US of “pouring oil on the flames” of the war. “I see only an attempt to raise the stakes, to aggravate the situation, to see more losses.” 1,150 civilian bodies have been recovered in Ukraine’s Kyiv region since the start of Russia’s invasion. Most casualties are in the Bucha region that UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres visited in solidarity with the Ukrainian people and President Volodymyr Zelensky. NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg warned the war could "drag on and last for months and years.”