EastEnders star Rose Ayling-Ellis, 27, has spoken out about a recent visit by Camilla and Prince Charles to Albert Square at Elstree Studios today. The royal couple watched the cast film scenes which featured residents celebrating the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee on Thursday. Rose, who is the first deaf actress to win Strictly Come Dancing and plays Frankie Lewis in the BBC soap, gave Camilla a bouquet of flowers. She added on her Instagram story that it was a “privilege” to meet Camila and Charles. She wrote: “They were so lovely! “It was a privilege to give flowers to Camila.” READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show Camilla was dressed in an Anna Valentine silk dress and cream coat for the occasion. The Duchess of Cornwall gushed over the EastEnders actress, saying: “Rose, the Strictly star. I said we were all voting for Rose, I don't know how you did all those dances." Rose then went on to ask Camilla if the Queen watched Strictly, to which she replied: “I think she does. She probably watched you. “You have to find out." Rose then subsequently told PA news agency that she thought it was “lovely” that she’s a fan of Strictly. She said: “It was really funny because she's a huge fan of Strictly Come Dancing. “She mentioned that she voted for me which is so lovely, and her grandchildren watch it. "It is amazing, so lovely. I mean come on, it's the royal family voting for me. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] “Sometimes you forget how many people watch the show, I am mind-blown." The royals were shown around the set and Rose shared candid clips of the occasion via her Instagram stories. A photo was taken of the full cast and crew together alongside the royals. The new set of EastEnders was originally due to be completed in 2018. Charles and Camilla also met other cast members including Steve McFadden, who plays Phil Mitchell, Rudolph Walker (played by Patrick Trueman) and Danny Dyer (played by Mick Carter). BBC EastEnders’ official Instagram also posted about the event in a short clip. They added a caption that read: “The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall visited the set of #EastEnders (Thursday 31st March 2022) to meet our cast and crew. “The pair watched as we filmed special scenes that feature the residents of Albert Square celebrating the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee at a street party, just as those around the nation will be celebrating this summer.”