Ronnie O’Sullivan was furious with himself after losing cue ball position during his match with John Higgins on Thursday and ended up slamming his cue against the floor. The Rocket was in action against his Class of 92 adversary in the Snooker World Championship semi-finals but allowed his frustrations to boil over after losing the first two frames. O’Sullivan was 59-25 behind in the third frame when he potted a black. But his shot proved too heavy as the cue ball ran too far and left him with a tricky shot to pot the next red. And the 46-year-old was visibly enraged with himself as he scrunched up his face and thrashed his cue against the floor twice. He was then made to pay for his mistake as he missed his next shot to allow Higgins back to the table, before the Scot eventually secured his third frame of the night. O’Sullivan looked dejected as he sipped his water and muttered to himself following the conclusion on the third frame. But he regrouped to win the final frame before the mid-session interval to reduce his deficit to 3-1. READ MORE: Judd Trump's 'world seniors championship' joke ahead of Crucible semis O’Sullivan has been in fine form during the Crucible tournament and booked his place in the last four after overcoming Stephen Maguire 13-5 in the quarter-finals earlier this week. And his last eight victory saw him become the first player to reach 20 World Snooker Championship semi-finals and the first player to win 72 matches at the tournament. And the superstar was the strong favourite to lift the trophy once again ahead of his showdown with Higgins. DON'T MISSBBC to axe snooker commentators John Virgo and Dennis TaylorRonnie O'Sullivan and Laila Rouass 'giving things another go'Mark Williams becomes oldest Crucible semi-finalist for 37 years “I just come here and I just treat every tournament like a holiday now,” O’Sullivan said after his quarter-final victory. “I bring friends with me. I have a lot of things that I do. I don’t just want to play snooker anymore, it wouldn’t work for me. I like to spread myself with doing other stuff and it helps me just to enjoy it a bit more. At this stage enjoyment is the key. If I get a result, great. If I don’t, life goes on you know. “When it comes to the one-table set-up you can relax a bit more, and I'm excited still to be in the tournament and to get there. I've had to learn to steady the ship and I think that's the key to being consistent - being able to minimise the bad spells.” 