Last week, a man discovered a mysterious bloated creature washed ashore on an Australian beach. The creature’s head was disintegrating and the swollen body made it difficult to immediately identify what the creature was. Alex Tan, of Queensland, Australia, stumbled upon the mystery creature was taking a stroll on Maroochydore Beach.  Sharing footage of the creature in an Instagram video, he said: "I've stumbled across something weird. “This is like one of those things you see where people claim they've found aliens." He added that the creature looked like a possum, “but different to anything I’ve seen”. The video showed the bloated creature with human-like hands, claws, a long tail and a skull exposed after water eroded the flesh.  Following the release of the footage, social media was filled with theories as to what the creature might be. These ranged from a dehydrated kangaroo to aliens or “extinct marsupials”. He later posted: "THE PEOPLE NEED ANSWERS. “I'm still guessing it's a possum — my bet of a chicken parmi for any expert that can prove me wrong still stands." In an interview, Mr Tan described the creature as having "humanlike hands, a long lizard tail, nose like a possum, and patches of black fur". So far, experts are divided on the origin of the creature. READ MORE: Stephen Hawking's warning ignored as scientists to broadcast location Russell Bicknell, a marine biologist at the University of New England in Australia, believes the creature is either a kangaroo or a wallaby. Speaking to LiveScience, he observed the creature is "very waterlogged," and was likely washed out to sea during recent flooding in the area. Sandy Inglesbly, a mammalogy collection manager at the Australian Museum, told Live Science in an email: "I'd say it's a Brushtail possum, Trichosurus vulpecula, that has lost all its fur." As evidence, he pointed out that the skull "certainly" matches that of a brushtail possum, also adding that the proportions of the limbs and tail to the body are similar. DON'T MISS: Putin humiliated as Russia suffers £3bn energy loss [INSIGHT] Putin humiliated as Britain refuses Russia's plan to boost economy [SPOTLIGHT] Germany to cut legs from under Russia with tough new sanctions [REVEAL] Stephen Johnson, an associate professor at the University of Queensland, agreed with this analysis. He told the Courier Mail the creature was likely a swollen, waterlogged brushtail possum that lost its fur. He said: "The skull and hindlimb give the clues. "The animal was probably washed down into the ocean during the floods." This is not the first time mysterious creatures have washed ashore in recent years. READ MORE: Alien search handed boost after planet containing KEY chemical found In 2013, scientists were surprised by a 30-foot-long giant squid washed up on a Spanish beach. However, in 2020, an even larger squid landed in South Africa. Marine biologists were later able to identify the creatures as Architeuthis dux, the largest marine invertebrate on the planet. Last May, beachgoers in California discovered an inky-black fish with gnarly teeth and an appendage protruding from its head. Experts later identified it as a Pacific footballfish. 