Gemma Atkinson, 37, and Gorka Marquez, 31, experienced a whirlwind romance after the couple met on Strictly Come Dancing back in 2017. The former Emmerdale star and her beau announced their engagement on Valentine's Day in 2021, nearly two years after they welcomed their daughter Mia. Following her stint on the BBC dance show, Gemma returned to Manchester while the professional dancer continued to reside in London. The Hits Radio DJ had questioned how their long-distance relationship could work, in a new interview on a podcast this month. Speaking to Vicky Pattison, the on-screen star detailed the moment she put her relationship to the test. She wanted to see how they would fare outside of the Strictly bubble as just the two of them. READ MORE: Susanna Reid in 'terrible state' as Piers Morgan recalls GMB aftermath "I just thought what are we like away from these people and just on our own?" Gemma stated. She went on: "So we booked a holiday to Tenerife. It was just the two of us and of course, the weather is lovely. They always say going on holiday with someone is a good test." Vicky interjected: "Yes! Everyone is always saying, 'Oh god, everybody has a great time on holiday. Everybody loves each other, it's not a good test.' But I disagree. "If you can live under each other's feet for 24 hours, I think it's a good test to see if you're compatible or not." Gemma shared that she and Gorka loved their romantic getaway and their relationship continued to go from strength to strength. The TV star later explained she is on her third engagement on Vicky Pattison's podcast The Secret Too. She joked she couldn't help men have a desire to marry her. Gemma dated Emmerdale co-star Cleveland Campbell, who played antique dealer Danny Daggert, for two years between 2003 and 2005. DON'T MISS... Andrea McLean warned of 'landing on your face' after Loose Women exit[LATEST]Kim Woodburn shares picture from hospital bed after hospital rush[HEALTH]Maya Jama risks wardrobe malfunction as she stuns in cut-out gown[PICTURES] She later dated footballer Marcus Bent in 2006 but later shared she was not ready for marriage and children at the time. After remaining friendly, the pair then decided to get engaged in October 2008 but rarely saw each other due to work commitments. Gemma reportedly gave him his ring back by the December of the same year. The small-screen star joined the BBC series Strictly in 2017, where she met her now-fiancé Gorka. Throughout the Strictly series, Gemma and Gorka were constantly asked whether they were dating but kept their romance under wraps for months. On Valentine's Day 2018, the pair finally confirmed they were a couple and have since gone on to get engaged in 2021. In July 2019, the couple welcomed their daughter, Mia, now two, and hope to have baby number two in the near future. Vicky Pattinson The Secret Too... is available on Apple podcasts.