Her Majesty was photographed being driven around her vast estate in Norfolk by her racing manager and friend John Warren. The Queen appeared in high spirits as she donned a scarf with a flowery pattern and sunglasses. The 96-year-old appeared as stylish as ever as she donned her signature pearl earring and her iconic pink lipstick. The monarch and Mr Warren visited the stables at Sandringham, signalling the Queen's passion for horses remains very much alive. Mr Warren has been at the Queen's service for several years and was at her side at Royal Ascot when, in June 2013, the sovereign's horse Estimate won the Gold Cup on Ladies' Day. The Queen's love for horses and horse racing was celebrated earlier this week, when Buckingham Palace released a picture marking Her Majesty's 96th birthday. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here Taken at Windsor Castle last month by photographer Henry Dallal, the snap shows the monarch smiling while holding the rein of two of her beloved fell ponies. Mr Warren and the Queen's drive together comes amid hopes the monarch will be able to attend in person this year's Epsom Derby, which takes place on June 4 - in the midst of the long bank holiday weekend celebrating her Platinum Jubilee. The Derby is particularly important for the Queen, as it's the only British Classic flat race she has yet to win with one of her horses. Aides are reportedly devising plans to give the monarch, who has been experiencing mobility issues over the past months, the best chance to watch her beloved horses taking part in the competition in person. READ MORE: Ferrari left speechless after Meghan's half-sister raises absurd claim As reported by the Telegraph, one of the plans drawn up would include the Queen arriving at a back entrance, away from the public gaze. This would allow her to be helped out of the car, if needed, and take a lift up to her box before appearing on the balcony. Another plan could see the monarch being driven from the track right up to the front doors. Royals and members of the public will gather between June 2 to 5 to celebrate the historic reign of the Queen - the first English monarch to stay on the throne for seven decades. Among the events already announced there is the Trooping the Colour parade, which will return to London after a streamlined version of it took place at Windsor Castle for two years due to the pandemic. Royals will also attend a concert at Buckingham Palace and a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. It is unlikely Buckingham Palace will confirm the Queen's attendance at the Derby - or at any other events planned to mark the Platinum Jubilee - ahead of time. Not announcing the monarch's attendance at an engagement gives the Queen enough wiggle room to pull out of it last minute if she doesn't feel up for it. A source said earlier this month the Queen's presence at future events outside the palace walls should be considered a bonus and a pleasant surprise rather than it being seen as guaranteed. They told the Mail on Sunday: "The assumption must now be that the Queen will not be present at events. "If Her Majesty does attend, it will be decided on the day and she will be accompanied by another member of the Royal Family." Senior royals have stood in the Queen on several occasions in recent months. In the run-up to Easter, Prince Charles attended for the first time in 52 years the Maundy Service in lieu of his mother. The Prince of Wales also represented the Queen at the Commonwealth Day service which took place at Westminster Abbey last month. Moreover, the monarch missed the Easter Sunday service at St George's Chapel - attended on the other hand by other senior royals including Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, as well as their eldest children Prince George and Princess Charlotte.