With years of love comes the risk of your jewellery becoming discoloured or tarnished. However, the cost of paying to have your necklaces, bracelets and rings cleaned professionally might not fit into the monthly budget. Expats from fine jewellery brand Ingle & Rhode claim there are some interesting hacks you can try out yourself at home. According to the company, many of these hacks have been doing the rounds on social media platforms, such as TikTok, with users reporting they work. According to a spokesperson for Ingle & Rhode: "You can immerse a ring, earring or bracelet in a bowl of tomato ketchup for a few minutes and it will give your jewellery a new lease of life. "Don’t leave silver in tomato sauce for a long time though." Ketchup works to clean jewellery due to the high levels of acid in tomatoes. This reacts with the oxidisation of the tarnished silver. Let your jewellery sit between five and 10 minutes, depending on the material it is made from. Ingle & Rhode added: "Then rinse, dry and polish for a super shine." READ MORE: Use plants as a ‘natural pesticide’ to get rid of slugs this spring The experts claim that light coloured beer can help "resurrect your gold rings". Ingle & Rhode's spokesperson explained: "Put some beer onto a soft cloth and rub the ring, then allow to dry - but don't use on gemstones." Beer's cleaning properties are down to the hops used during the brewing process, which contain alpha acids that are capable of polishing off dirt and grime from gold. Light beers contain fewer hops, which gives them the right acidity to protect and polish your gold. DON'T MISSToilet cleaning: How to banish stained limescale using vinegar [INSIGHT]Monty Don: ‘Biggest mistake’ houseplant owners make is overwatering [COMMENT]Energy bills: How much does it cost to run a washing machine? [EXPLAINER] Another alcohol which can clean certain items of jewellery is vodka. Ingle & Rhode explain: "Some gemstones can benefit from being treated in vodka." The high alcohol content of vodka works to dissolve build-ups of dust and grease which may be the reason your stones are looking a little dull. Though vodka works wonders for hard gemstones such as diamonds, sapphires, emeralds and rubies, the alcohol could damage pearls or coral, so be wary of how you use it. The expert continued: "You can put a ring in vodka for just a few moments, clean and dry and the results will sparkle." Baking soda, or bicarbonate of soda, is hailed for its multi-purpose cleaning uses around the home. According to Ingle & Rhode, the leaving agent can also work to scrub up dull looking silver. The spokesperson said: "More commonly used for cooking, this is an excellent product to help make your jewellery shine. "Create a paste of baking soda and water and apply to silver with a sponge, before rubbing and buffing for a smooth finish. "Only use this hack on silver and gold, not gemstones themselves." Aluminium foil can also help to clean up tarnished silver jewellery, according to Ingle & Rhode. They explained: "Aluminium foil promotes the chemical process called ion exchange. "Line a bowl with foil, fill it with hot water and mix a tablespoon of bleach-free laundry detergent. "Soak the jewellery for a minute and allow to air dry."