Manchester United chiefs believe that Cristiano Ronaldo should leave the club this summer. However, the final say belongs to Joel Glazer who is undecided on what to do. Ronaldo could be on the way out of United this summer - and that is the decision of the board. It has been a rollercoaster of a season for the Portuguese superstar. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner is the top scorer at Old Trafford this season with 18 in all competitions - including 12 in the Premier League. The next top scorer is Bruno Fernandes with nine. It has been a disappointing campaign at United where they are struggling to find any form and sit seventh in the table. It led to the dismissal of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in November and the appointment of Ralf Rangnick until the end of the season. But it has not worked under the German coach either, who will likely be replaced by Erik ten Hag and there are question marks over Ronaldo's future. With Champions League football highly unlikely, whether the 37-year-old will want to drop down in the European competitions remains to be seen. According to the Daily Mail, there is a growing consensus in the United boardroom that the Portugal international should be encouraged to leave in the summer. However, the key decision-maker is Joel Glazer, who has yet to decide whether or not to let him go. Despite Ronaldo being the top scorer at Old Trafford this season, there have been question marks over his impact. Though there is no doubting his talent, whether or not he suits the tactical system. The former Juventus star was criticised against Everton on Saturday for his lack of impact, as well as smashing a fan's phone. It has left them six points behind fourth-placed Tottenham. Rangnick said: "After they scored we lost a little bit of our composure and our confidence. With all due respect to Everton, if you don't score a goal against a team who conceded three goals against Burnley you can't expect to get anything. "If you don't score goals in games like this, it will be difficult to qualify for Europe. The players themselves should be eager to play European football but if we play like we did today we don't deserve to qualify. "I can only tell you that our emphasis in training was to be more aggressive - and even in the first 25 minutes, when we dominated the game, I wanted us to win more second balls and pin them back."