The struggling alcoholic was left reeling when she found out, especially since Janine (played by Charlie Brooks) was the one who manipulated her into drinking again and convinced her to leave Mick (Danny Dyer). Wanting the best for her young son Ollie (Harry Farr), Linda (Kellie Bright) seems to have begrudgingly accepted her marriage is over and Janine is now with Mick. When Janine begins to taunt Linda in upcoming EastEnders episodes though, youngster Ollie may decide to leave the situation, but could put himself in danger. Linda has been struggling to stay sober, but next week it seems she will make a big decision on the BBC soap. After a squabble in the café with Honey Mitchell (Emma Barton) and Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace), Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) warns Linda to sort herself out. This leads to the former barmaid making the choice to return to work at The Vic behind the bar. Later, she is back and serving customers when Nancy Carter (Maddy Hill) asks Frankie Lewis (Rose Ayling-Ellis) to keep an eye on her. She and Zack Hudson (James Farrar) need to leave so they can search for a restaurant to buy. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revenge When Mick returns from his holiday with Ollie and Janine though, things soon turn sour. Linda might be tempted to have a drink as the stress of seeing her family moving on gets to her. To make matters worse, a scheming Janine gets in Mick's head about Linda being a danger to Ollie. This leads Mick to have a word with Linda about her working at The Vic. When Zack and Nancy return with the good news that they've potentially found a restaurant to buy for their business, Janine spots an opportunity to tempt Linda. She opens a bottle of champagne in front of her, hoping to get a reaction. Meanwhile, Mick is uncomfortable to hear from Billy Mitchell (Perry Fenwick) that Janine has been revealing details of their private life. If another row ensues, Ollie might become overwhelmed by the tense atmosphere in his home. It's possible Linda cracks under the pressure of keeping it together while Janine messes with her head, and the two might get into another fight. Mick will likely be on-hand to try to diffuse the scene as people in the pub watch the drama unfold. DON'T MISS... 'William and Charles will be furious!' says Carole Malone over Harry [LATEST]Britain's Got Talent defend 'Jim Crow' act after backlash [VIDEO]Phillip Schofield slams Prince Harry's 'protection' remark [REACTION] Schoolboy Ollie may decide to leave The Vic while Mick and Linda aren't watching, distracted by the arguments. Perhaps hoping to take a walk to the park to get away from it all, Ollie might find himself in danger as the six-year-old walks through Walford alone. Linda and Mick may not even notice Ollie has gone missing for a while, probably believing he is upstairs. Once the alarm is raised though, they are both bound to be terrified. It's possible a frantic search will commence as the locals rally around to help find Ollie. To make things more frightening, the Square believes there is a dangerous attacker on the loose. Viewers know Ben Mitchell (Max Bowden) has been attacking men in an attempt to make himself feel safer after his husband Callum Highway (Tony Clay) was attacked in a homophobic assault last year. The Walford residents have no idea who is behind the attacks though and believe there is a violent criminal prowling the streets of Albert Square. With this concern intensifying everyone's fears, Linda and Mick are likely to be petrified. Will the missing youngster force the three bickering adults to pull together to search for him? Janine seems to care about Ollie and will probably be wanting to do all she can to help make sure he is found safe. Will they be able to find the youngster before too much time passes? Hopefully, Ollie will be reunited with his family, who will take his disappearance as a wake-up call to try to remain civil with each other. However, at such a young age, Ollie may end up getting lost or in trouble - will someone find him? EastEnders continues on Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One.