Hannah entered the Den earlier this year asking for £60,000 for five percent of her company, Toddle. Toddle is a children’s skincare brand line that makes lip balms and hand creams for young children. She said: “My parents told me I would never amount to anything, so I left a tricky situation and joined the armed forces where I became passionate about adventure and travel. "When I became a mother I wanted to share these passions with my children, but I found when we were out on our adventures they got chapped lips and sun-burned cheeks". What started in her kitchen now has a range of 13 products consisting of pro biotic hand gels, non alcoholic hand sanitisers and dribble proof lip balm. Toddle launched in 2020 and his since made £194,000 with a gross profit of £87,000. READ MORE: 'Worth thousands!' Martin Lewis shares how to reclaim missed National Insurance credits  He ended up making her an offer for £60,000, but for 20 percent of the business. Discussing her competitors, Hannah said there are no other brands in the market making these products as naturally as Hannah is, especially her best seller - the pro biotic hand gel. Her main aim for her products is make it as eco friendly as possible, with every ingredient. Sara Davies was in awe of Hannah and said: “Oh wow, you are impressive.” Deborah Meaden could not find fault in Hannah’s pitch so she made her an offer. She offered her all of the money for 15 percent of the business. Sara too wanted a chance to work with Hannah so also made an offer. She said: “I’d love to go on this journey with you and hold your hand and I’m going to make it competitive because I really want to win this one. “I will offer you all of the money for 12 percent of the business.” Touker Suleyman was concerned with the product range not being focussed enough, as she sells hand gels as well as lip balms. He was puzzled by the brand and said he could not invest. Peter Jones had similar thoughts. He said: “I think you are superb Hannah but there is still a journey to go on here. You’re very focussed on a segment of a market ie your baby market with Toddle. “What this means is that for anyone who does not have a toddler, you’re not looking at it so even though the product could be very good, it’s very clear it's only for babies and toddlers. 90 percent of your market place is dissipated so I’m going to say I’m not going to invest and I’m out but congratulations on what you’ve done and accomplished.” Intrigued by the start of her story, he asked her whether her parents had changed their mind now she had a successful business up and running. Hannah replied: "I have no idea, they haven't spoken to me in years." "I'm devastated to hear that on your behalf," said Peter in a heartfelt tone. Hannah wasn't immediately sure as to which of the three offers to chose. Steven believed that Hannah had a huge opportunity and wanted to help grow her business to a media content brand. He was willing to share with Deborah Meaden. She accepted a joint offer from Steven and Deborah. Dragons' Den is available on BBC iPlayer