Spandau Ballet star Martin Kemp, 60, and his wife Shirlie Kemp, 59, are still missing their two children, Roman Kemp, 29, and Harley Moon Kemp, 32, despite it being “a while” since they all lived together in Hertfordshire. Martin recently explained that although the experience is known to most parents as “empty nest syndrome”, he believes it is better described as “empty heart syndrome”. While discussing where his home is in a new interview, the former EastEnders actor candidly said: “I grew up on the Essex Road when it was kind of left-over bomb sites from the Second World War.  “But my home now is Hertfordshire — just me and Shirlie [Holliman], it’s been a while since the kids lived at home.  “They call it empty nest syndrome, but I think it should be called empty heart syndrome.  “I’ve also got a place in Nine Elms in Battersea for when I’m in London for work.” READ MORE... Prince Harry in 'fit of pique' after royal snub says Loose Women star  Further emphasising his sweet relationship with his children, Martin revealed how he chose to celebrate his milestone 60th birthday “just the four of us”.    When quizzed on the best meal he’s had, the dad-of-two divulged: “My favourite restaurant by miles is The Ivy Chelsea Garden on Kings Road, the most beautiful restaurant in London.”    “We recently went for my 60th birthday — just the four of us: me, Shirlie, Harley and Roman,” the star added to the Evening Standard.    Martin, who is appearing on The Wall Versus Celebrities alongside Shirlie this evening, has become known for his close bond with the couple’s children.  The musician appeared on Channel 4’s Celebrity Gogglebox with his son and Capital FM DJ Roman, where the duo were beloved by viewers due to their banter and funny dynamic. However, Roman previously revealed his father had to be talked into taking part in the show. The presenter divulged: "I've always loved it but I had to convince my dad to do it. “They approached us and I was like 'oh my God let's absolutely do it'. "And he said, 'No, I don't think so. I don't want want people in the house. I don't want people to see me scratching my bits and all that'." DON'T MISS:Free and naked Britney bares it all on Instagram [PICS]Alison Hammond admits she got 'slated' for shouting at Meghan Markle [COMMENT]Cillian Murphy quits London after kids develop 'posh English accents' [OPINION] Roman eventually managed to convince Martin to sign up, urging him that it would help people see he’s a “nice guy”.  It comes after Martin became well known for playing tough characters, including in crime drama The Krays as Reggie Kray, and as Steve Owen in EastEnders.  "That is the nicest thing about doing Gogglebox, that finally people get to see my dad and who he really is - and he's not some scary bloke,” Ronan explained to The Mirror.  Martin and Shirlie have been married since 1988. When the couple met in the 1980s, Shirlie was a backing singer for pop duo Wham! with Andrew Ridgeley and the late George Michael.  George introduced Shirlie and Martin and went on to become the third wheel on their first date.  After becoming one half of the pop duo Pepsi & Shirlie, Shirlie eventually retired from performing after welcoming the couple’s daughter, one year after she got married to Martin in St. Lucia.   