Manchester United's continued defensive woes have been mocked further by Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers after the Northern Irishman claimed the Red Devils 'would love to have' former star Jonny Evans.  Evans, 34, joined the club as a nine-year-old and made his first-team debut in 2007 in the League Cup. He made 198 appearances for United in a seven-year spell, but was axed under former boss Louis van Gaal in a radical change-up of the club's playing staff. A move to West Brom followed for £6million - a relatively low fee for someone of his class. Following three seasons at the Baggies, he moved to Leicester for just £3.5m after being relegated to the Championship - where he began to show the form he showed in his United days. And current Foxes boss Rodgers has praised the star ahead of his return to Old Trafford on Saturday, claiming the troubled club made the wrong decision in sanctioning his sale. “I know how United feel because I’ve spoken enough to staff and people there," Rodgers said.  “Jonny is a Man United player. It’s as simple as that. You’ve only got to look at his performance level to know they would absolutely love to have someone like him, fully fit and playing at centre half. I’m pretty sure of that.” With Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane and Victor Lindelof failing to impress so far this season, United may well have been better off by keeping Evans. Maguire was booed in England's 3-0 win over Ivory Coast, with poor performances being cited as the reason. And with Eric Bailly and Phil Jones forever on the treatment table, a centre-back like Evans would be welcome at the Theatre of Dreams. Evans gained his fair share of trophies in his time at Old Trafford, although he won his first FA Cup with Leicester last May in a 1-0 win over Chelsea.  He has only featured 11 times for Leicester in the league this season after suffering a hamstring injury in the 4-0 win over Newcastle in December, although he made his return last time out against Brentford. His experience and nous will be needed to give the Foxes a top-half finish after a slow start to the season. United, meanwhile, are looking to chase their slowly fading Champions League hopes with a win. 