The news about his death was shared on his Instagram account today. The caption read: “It is with great sadness that we announce the passing of Patrick Demarchelier on March 31st 2022, at the age of 78.  “He is survived by his wife Mia, his three sons Gustaf, Arthur, Victor and three grandchildren.” The Frenchman was contacted by the Princess of Wales in 1989 after she saw one of his images on the cover of Vogue. He once said of their relationship: “We became friends. “She was funny and kind – but fundamentally she was a very simple woman who liked very simple things.”  He made history as the first non-British photographer ever to be hired by the Royal Family. His portraits of her are considered iconic among royal enthusiasts. He told WWD in 2007: “I like the beauty of life, the beauty of people, animals, everything.” He further described himself as an “instinctual photographer” explaining “a good picture is a moment, you catch the moment.”  READ MORE: How Queen intervened to stop Princess Charlotte from being a 'Lady' Mr Demarchelier captured photos of celebrities including Madonna, Kate Moss and Beyonce. He appeared in films such as 2006’s The Devil Wears Prada and his work often graced the pages of Vogue. Royal expert Victoria Arbiter tweeted: “Sad to learn tonight that legendary fashion photographer Patrick Demarchelier has passed away at the age of 78. “During his career he shot some of the most iconic and most beautiful images ever taken of Diana, Princess of Wales.”  DON'T MISS:60 firefighters rush to douse building fire Egg warning as customers could be without staples in WEEKSAudience erupts as Boris Johnson ridiculed over partygate Bella Hadid, Emily Ratajkowski and other fashion icons took to Instagram on Thursday to post a tribute to photographer Patrick Demarchelier. The model, 25, posted several photos from a Vogue China shoot alongside gamer and model Chu Wong that Demarchelier took for a 2017 issue. Ms Hadid tweeted: “I am grateful to have been lucky enough to be in front of your lens. “Most gentle, most legendary, soft but full of life . You will be missed Patrick. Rest In Peace.” 