Hours of garden maintenance can soon be ruined by pesky weeds that can grow anywhere in and around gardens such as between patios, driveways and lawns. Getting rid of weeds is a never-ending job and one that any keen gardener has to return to year after year. However, if gardeners know how to get rid of weeds properly, and stop them from spreading and reappearing, they will be able to minimise the amount of work they will have to do moving forwards. William Mitchel of Sutton Manor Nursery spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk on “cheap”, but more importantly “effective” ways to get rid of weeds. He explained that the best method to remove weeds is to “pull them out or dig them up”. William said: "The cheapest way to get rid of weeds is to simply pull them out or dig them up. This will come at zero cost and is surprisingly effective. Normally the weed will not grow back once removed, however, if it does you know that you have a persistent root that needs a more drastic removal process." READ MORE: Weeds: How to get rid of weeds using ‘cheap and natural’ methods Using a garden hand trowel can stop weeds like couch grass from spreading. For those digging up perennials such as bindweed or nettles, dig deep using a garden fork and be sure to pull up the whole root, as tiny pieces left will become new weeds. Weeds can also be “effectively” killed by “cutting off their heads before they have the ability to flower”. The gardening pro said: “Removing the head means that they cannot produce seeds and therefore spread throughout your garden.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to ‘easily’ clean oven glass ‘properly’ - ‘no scrubbing’ [COMMENT]Interior: Decorating styles to increase property value by £10,000 [EXPERT]Property: How to make kitchens look ‘brand new’ and ‘save thousands’ [TIPS] Gardeners can also use mulch as a “cheap” way to kill weeds. William said: “A brilliant and cheap way of getting rid of weeds is by using mulch. Mulch is a mixture of shredded leaves, brown cardboard, straw or wood chips and is used to cover the soil around your plants to block weeds from any sunlight that will help them germinate and grow.” It is great for retaining moisture, suppressing weeds and improving the soil. Before applying mulch, it is important to prepare the soil. This means pulling up weeds to help prevent them from growing back once the mulch is put down. Another effective way of preventing weed growth is to aerate the soil. This is because the majority of weeds grow and flourish when the soil is compacted which restricts water and air. This prevents nutrients from getting into the soil. William also advised that gardeners “avoid” the “very easy mistake” of watering any weeds in their gardens. He said: “Watering weeds is a very easy mistake to make as you are watering the other plants in your garden. “Watering weeds can be detrimental to your garden as they fight with the surrounding plants for the important water, sunlight and nutrients in the soil. “If they are not welcomed in that area, do not water them.”