Viewing and buying a property can be a stressful time, and prospective buyers are unlikely to make an offer if they see lots of things wrong with the home. New research from estate and lettings agent, Barrows and Forrester, has looked at the “biggest turn-offs” and how much money each of them could remove from a home’s market value. Turn-offs included nuisance neighbours, evidence of pets and parking problems. The experts said: “For most people, living next door to nuisance neighbours is a worst case scenario. Sometimes they make loud noises long into the night, sometimes they’re constantly in the garden partying, and sometimes they’re committing rowdy, even abusive behaviour towards everyone living around them. “Sometimes, of course, it’s all of the above and more. “Homebuyers will move heaven and earth to avoid moving in next door to bad neighbours, so much so that a property can struggle to even garner buyer interest and the seller ends up having to lower the asking price by at least 10 percent. With today’s average house price, this means bad neighbours reduce value by £27,376.” It can be hard to know what the neighbours are like when viewing a property so it is always worth asking the current resident or estate agent. READ MORE: ‘Now it’s like new’: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean car seats Unlike bad neighbours, poor upkeep of the home’s exterior and gardens is in control of the seller. According to the experts, general disrepair and “shoddy appearances” have a “huge impact on first impressions”. They added: “It is easy to make a home look clean and tidy from the outside, requiring only a broom, a pot of paint, and maybe a rented power washer. “When it comes to the garden, if it’s overgrown or being used as a dump site, buyers are likely to already have a negative opinion of the home before they’ve even stepped foot inside it. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows - ‘great’ [COMMENT]Potatoes: ‘Important tip’ when choosing a potato variety to grow [INSIGHT]Fruit and vegetables to plant now perfect for small gardens [EXPLAINER] “Such is the power of this turn-off that it can reduce the value of a home by more than 14 percent, or £11,000.” Evidence of pets in the home such as hair in the carpets and strong odours in the air can reduce a home by as much as four percent, or £11,000. Parking is also a huge factor for many when purchasing a home, with a dedicated parking space being one of the most important things for homebuyers. A private parking space can increase the value of a home by as much as £22,500, while the complete absence of a parking option could strip as much as £19,500 off the value of a home. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The experts continued: “It is absolutely essential that sellers clean and tidy their property before inviting prospective buyers to view it. “It is easy to do and improves first impressions ten-fold. “In the days leading up to a viewing, it’s always good to open the windows for a few hours and let some fresh air in to make sure that the home doesn’t smell musty and to eliminate any odours that the current owners no longer notice but strangers are likely to clock. “If a house is not clean and tidy, it can again knock as much as 11 percent off the potential market value.” Managing Director of Barrows and Forrester, James Forrester, commented: “Homebuyers are an understandably picky bunch. “They’re looking for their own version of perfection and this can differ widely from one buyer to the next so don’t take it personally if they aren’t all as enthusiastic about your house as you once were, or if it takes you a little while longer than expected to sell. “Of course there are plenty of things you can do to increase your chances of impressing a buyer and securing a sale, as well as plenty of things to do the opposite. “Presentation is vital and you need to ensure you are presenting the best version of your property that you can, whether it be in the initial photos taken or during the viewing process. “Failing to do so can not only reduce interest and see your home remain sat on the market for longer, but it can also cost you when you finally do find a buyer.”