Doctor Shane Kannarr cautioned that smoking "doubles the risk" of diabetes, which could lead to diabetic retinopathy, which is where the blood vessels in the eye are damaged, leading to vision loss. "To reduce your risk after quitting smoking, you should start eating a healthier diet," said Doctor Kannarr. "Try choosing foods that are rich in antioxidants, vitamins A and C, and leafy greens and fatty fishes like salmon are ideal." Doctor Kannarr emphasised that you need to "incorporate these into your diet". As well as being mindful of what you put into your body, you also need make sure you move around frequently enough to encourage health benefits. Doctor Kannarr explained: "Exercising more increases blood circulation, which improves the oxygen levels to our eyes and helps remove any toxins. "The main symptoms of oxygen deprivation include blurred vision, burning and excessive tearing. READ MORE: Sleep deprivation impairs driving 'comparable to alcohol intoxication' – health risks "Moving more will help prevent oxygen deprivation and keep your eyes healthy." The doctor strongly advises to "be active during the day – especially if you work at a desk". Simple solutions could be taking the stairs instead of the lift, or taking calls while walking around. In order to keep your eyes healthy, you also need to keep them hydrated. "People who smoke are nearly twice as likely to have dry eyes," warned Doctor Kannarr. Even so, people "should be taking regular breaks" if they work in front of a screen. "When looking at a screen, you’re less likely to blink, causing your eyes to get dry," Doctor Kannarr explained. "You could try using the 20-20-20 rule," advised Doctor Kannarr. "This is where, every 20 minutes, you stop staring at your computer and look at something 20 feet away for 20 seconds." Doctor Kannarr said this is to "avoid blurred vision" or from making dry eye worse. "Some of the conditions linked with smoking like cataracts; a clouding of the eye’s natural lens, can only be reversed through surgery," said Doctor Kannarr. "Cataract surgery is actually one of the most common procedures carried out by the NHS." Cataracts The NHS elaborated: "When we're young, our lenses are usually like clear glass, allowing us to see through them. "People who smoke are nearly twice as likely to have dry eyes," warned Doctor Kannarr. Even so, people "should be taking regular breaks" if they work in front of a screen. "When looking at a screen, you’re less likely to blink, causing your eyes to get dry," Doctor Kannarr explained. "You could try using the 20-20-20 rule," advised Doctor Kannarr. "This is where, every 20 minutes, you stop staring at your computer and look at something 20 feet away for 20 seconds."  "As we get older, they start to become frosted, like bathroom glass, and begin to limit our vision." Do book an appointment with an optician if you notice: "If you wear glasses, you may feel your lenses are dirty and need cleaning, even when they do not," the NHS noted. Dr Shane Kannarr is the leading medical reviewer from eyesight experts All About Vision.