The Duke of Sussex, 37, revealed last week he was working to ensure his grandmother, 96, is surrounded by the “right people”. The Duke and Duchess stopped off to see the monarch during a brief layover in the UK before heading to the Invictus Games in the Hague earlier this month. Prince Harry remarked that it was “great” to be reunited with the Queen after years of living in California. He told NBC: “It was just so nice to see her. “She's on great form. "She's always got a great sense of humor with me and I'm just making sure that she's, you know, protected and got the right people around her." But the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's biographer, Omid Scobie, has posed the question of whether the Queen is being “properly taken care of” in the absence of both Prince Harry and the Queen’s late husband, Prince Philip. Mr Scobie said the “reality” of the Queen’s situation is that she is “living by herself” since Philip died in April 2021. He said that much of the Queen’s life is run by “aides, courtiers and household staff”, in charge of “every aspect of her life”. He said: “While Prince Charles, the Cambridges and others stop by for visits, the people surrounding the monarch on a daily basis—aides, courtiers and household staff responsible for every aspect of her life—are all employees of the royal institution. READ MORE: Thomas Markle to visit UK for Platinum Jubilee “And it’s at the hands of some of these same people that Harry experienced some of his darkest and most distressing moments as a working member of the Firm.” The Duke’s comments about the people closely involved in the Queen’s life has been interpreted as a “direct shot” at Buckingham Palace staff by a reputation expert. Reputation Management Consultants chairman, Eric Schiffer, described how the remarks could have been destined for Firm staff “trying to create lacerations to his and Meghan’s brand”, as well as being a comment on the Queen’s situation. Mr Scobie wrote it would “be only natural” for the Prince to be sceptical of “every person in her daily orbit” as the Queen battles health concerns and reduced mobility. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan accused of 'disliking England' [LIVE] Platinum Jubilee celebrations MAPPED - The key events near me [MAP] Meghan and Harry's visit to Queen could 'pop up on Netflix' - claim [INSIGHT] Mr Scobie said: “Having bravely faced a series of health and mobility issues, we often hear how the 96-year-old monarch is impressively “getting on” with her duties. “But, as a grandson and sixth-in-line to the throne, it would only be natural for Harry to question whether every person in her daily orbit has her best interests at heart. “Is she being pushed to do too much? Is anyone telling her to slow down? “Is there too much pressure to be at Platinum Jubilee events this June? “Is she being properly taken care of?” Mr Scobie then described Harry’s “worry” for his grandmother “in a facility run by staff” that can be “unsympathetic”, in an allusion to the Duke and Duchess’s previous comments about their interactions with the Firm. He added: “These are the kinds of questions any caring person would ask an elderly family member living alone or in a facility run by staff. “And when you look at the famously unsympathetic institution the Queen lives within, Harry has every reason to worry.”