Recent IHT statistics revealed that tax receipts reached a record high of £5.36billion for the period between April 2021 and February 2022. This is a notable increase of £700million from the amount recorded by HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) the same time last year. Many experts believe that the rise in house prices has inflated the worth of estates which means more people may need to pay inheritance tax once they pass away. Currently, the IHT threshold remains frozen at £325,000, the value of many estates has only grown in value. As a result more families are being pushed into paying inheritance tax and experts worry that many continue into the new tax year. Stephen Lowe, group communications director at retirement specialist Just Group, shared how the increase in house prices Mr Lowe said: “IHT receipts rose in 2021, partly due to higher death rates during the pandemic but gains in house prices approaching 10 percent a year will also push more estates above the exempt thresholds.” READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  Currently, the average house price is £292,000 in England, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS). For many people, this price is dangerously close to the £325,000 threshold for inheritance tax which will make them liable for the levy. “Across the country, IHT is paid on about one in 25 estates but the numbers of estates paying the tax is higher where home prices are higher, most obviously in London and the South East,” Mr Lowe said. “Although property sales numbers have fallen overall, the number of properties selling for more than £500,000 has increased and now makes up 17 percent of all sales in England and Wales in 2021 compared to 11 percent just two years earlier. DON'T MISS:  “Property can be tricky when it comes to estate planning because it is providing a place to live and is often a sentimental as much as a financial asset. “It is also illiquid in the sense you can’t trade or gift part of a property as easily as cash or other investments.” Recently, data from a Freedom of Information (FoI) request carried out by Just Group revealed that property makes up the majority of peoples’ estates. This means that more taxpayers could find themselves having to pay IHT on their estate once they pass away as prices skyrocket. On the data, Mr Lowe explained: “Our recent FOI request found that although the average value of estates liable for inheritance tax in 2018-19 doesn’t vary much by region, the components of those estates is very different. “In areas such as London and the East of England property is a much bigger proportion of the estate and relatively low amounts of cash and securities are left compared to other areas which may require a very different approach to estate planning.” On what taxpayers can do to reduce how much they need to pay in IHT, Mr Lowe advocates for people taking proper financial advice on estate planning. He added: “Professional, regulated advice can help people across the UK work out how their property may impact their estate planning and consider how the wealth tied up in bricks and mortar can help people meet their goals in later life. “Whether that is to use that wealth to boost consumption in retirement or to bequeath it in a tax-efficient manner.” It should also be noted that other ways of saving inheritance tax include making gifts to spouses or partners if their home is in the UK. As much as £3,000 in gifts can be given away every tax year and this can be carried onto the following tax year, giving households a total of £6,000 in potential savings. Alternatively, an unlimited amount of IHT gifts can be made of up to £250 per person.