Germany's Defence Minister Christine Lambrecht intends to announce this at the meeting of representatives from 40 countries at the American Ramstein airbase on Tuesday. Representatives from the 40 countries will be there to discuss the security and sovereignty of Ukraine. Germany has come under some fire for its hesitation over delivering heavy weapons to Ukraine, but seems to have had a turnaround and now pledges to deliver Gepard tanks from Bundeswehr stocks. These tanks are based on the chassis of the Leopard 1 and are equipped with two 35mm cannons and radar and can engage ground targets in addition to air targets. The arms manufacturer Krauss-Maffei Wegmann (KMW) has been given permission to sell the technically refurbished anti-aircraft tanks.   It comes after Russia accused NATO of being engaged in a "proxy" war with the country after supplying weapons to Ukraine. In a chilling warning on Tuesday, Putin's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov declared "war means war". In an interview broadcast on Russian television on Monday, he said: "NATO, in essence, is engaged in a war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy. War means war." Speaking about Western shipments of weapons to Kyiv, Mr Lavrov added: "These weapons will be a legitimate target for Russia’s military acting within the context of the special operation. READ MORE: Putin horror Boris to develop 'cutting-edge' missiles Germany's decision to go back on its policy of not sending weapons to conflict zones, and deliver Gepard tanks - a cornerstone of the German Army - will no doubt concern the Russian leader. The German Government also wants to support the Netherlands and the US in training Ukrainian soldiers on artillery systems donated from outside stocks. Friedrich Merz, leader of the Christian Democratic Union in Germany, called for an "immediate and noticeable" investment in German arms deliveries "in quantity not quality". He said the Federal Republic must "join its allies in the EU and NATO and make a determined contribution to strengthening the Ukrainian self-defence forces - also and especially with heavy weapons". DON'T MISS: Olaf Scholz skewered for ‘pretend Ukraine support’ — 'Putin's ally' [INSIGHT]Angela Merkel handed mocking tribute over Russia failure [COMMENT]Alex Phillips rages over VDL arms deal 'EU not following own rules!' [ANALYSIS]  Chancellor Olaf Scholz faced heavy criticism earlier in the war, for the failure of his country to deliver heavy weapons to Ukraine to help it fend off attacks from the aggressor. Mr Scholz said the country's own stocks were too depleted to send weapons such as tanks and howitzers to the battlefield. Unlike its Western allies, Germany didn't supply weapons to Ukraine before the invasion and even blocked some nations from sending German-origin weapons, given its policy of not exporting arms to war zones. But in a historic overhaul of the county's long-standing policy, Ukraine is now expected to receive further military aid from the NATO member country.