Piers Morgan, 57, has made light of his return to ITV in a tweet shared with his 7.9 million Twitter followers. The former Good Morning Britain presenter is set to visit his former employer’s studios tomorrow for a chat with Lorraine Kelly on her eponymous programme. Taking to Twitter, Piers made a reference to his clash with weather presenter Alex Beresford last year, which saw him storm off set. He enquired: “Anyone know who’s doing the weather on ITV tomorrow morning?” Fans of the TV presenter soon rushed to the tweet’s replies to join in on the reference. NazDjemal said: “I know you’re on @reallorraine tomorrow, thought it was to talk about your new show though, but maybe it’s you on the weather?” GA78193394 typed: “Hopefully not Beresford. I’m switching over to GB News if he is on.” Train_valve wrote: “Why you getting scared.” (sic) Pflaxman added: “Your mate got promoted.” Piers’ new show, Piers Morgan Uncensored, is set to premiere on TalkTV on April 25 and will be available to watch in the UK, America and Australia. But before joining TalkTV, Piers was employed by ITV as a co-host on Good Morning Britain from 2015 until 2021. He left abruptly last year after a heated on-air clash with Alex as the pair were debating Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s move to the US. Alex and Piers' argument accumulated 58,000 Ofcom complaints from viewers in March last year. During the exchange, Alex said: "I understand you’ve got a personal relationship with Meghan Markle, or had one, and she cut you off. DON'T MISS: 'Heartbroken' Helen Mirren breaks silence after Rio Hackford's death [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden, 51, teases fans as she flaunts legs in daring skirt [LATEST]Carol Kirkwood sets record straight on BBC Breakfast future [UPDATE] "She’s entitled to cut you off if she wants to. Has she said anything about you since she cut you off? "I don’t think she has, but yet you continue to trash her." When Piers had enough and left the studio, Alex was heard saying: “This is pathetic. Absolutely diabolical behaviour.” Piers had previously told Express.co.uk he would not speak to Alex again as he reflected on his departure from the programme. He said: “He was annoying enough when I worked with him. Why would I bother now?” Looking back on the events that took place, he concluded: "I shouldn’t have walked off the show when I did, but leaving, I don’t have regrets about leaving the show. “Walking off because the deputy weather stand-in guy says something annoying isn’t right. “I wasn’t in control of my faculty. It was either that or give him a Glasgow kiss. I decided that wouldn’t go down well.”