Whilst Channel 4 is funded by advertising, it is publicly owned. In the everchanging media landscape, having public ownership is prohibiting the broadcaster from competing against other streaming giants.  People have asked, ‘why change it?’, but that is the wrong question. Instead, the obvious starting point on all of these kinds of issues should be ‘Does the state need to own this?’ Answer: no, it doesn’t! Times have changed and this Conservative Government is doing the right thing. This decision is the epitome of small ‘c’ free-market conservatism and I’m proud that we are proactively changing things for the better, rather than remaining complacent because ‘that’s how things have always been’. The argument for state involvement in media just isn’t there anymore. It’s fair to say that when Channel 4 was first set up, state involvement was necessary for expansion and to improve diversity of content. Just like the Beeb, it’s had a purpose and a clear remit in the past, but that is in decline. These days, we have access to more channels than we know what to do with. Anyone can pick up a camera and become a content creator. You only need to have a quick search through YouTube to see online creators reaching a bigger audience than mainstream TV could dream of! Amazon and Netflix are leading the way with a seemingly infinite stream of content being produced on a daily basis and increasingly new generations turn to new platforms, to streaming and online services. This is where Channel 4 is being held back by state ownership. Through being funded by advertising alone, the broadcaster has a valuation of about 1% of that of Netflix. Only 1%! It’s evident that Channel 4 will need more funding to compete and expand, but where is this meant to come from if it remains under public ownership? In the inevitable scenario that it needs investment in the future, it would only be able to borrow from Government with no other viable alternative. There is no way the taxpayer can underwrite the risk, nor should they be asked to. For the broadcaster to grow and be in the same league as its competitors, it needs private capital. If commentators genuinely think C4 is great, why would you not want to give it chance to do even more, and even better? I haven’t been sure whether to laugh or cry at the reaction on Twitter. Although, at this point, I should really be used to some of the predictable hysteria. My favourite so far has been a Labour MP crying that this is ‘fascism’.  Of course! The first thing every fascist dictator does is relinquish state control of the media, right? Heaven forbid we let markets decide on content and allow consumers to have freedom of choice. In my opinion, this compulsion from those on the left to sharpen their hammers and sickles in response to what are often fairly mundane, day to day decisions is much wider, and very serious, societal problem. There can be no disagreement without hate, or without one side being the baddies. There can be no ‘agree to disagree’. Instead, the Government must be evil! There must be some dark purpose. I think it stems from a deep fear of losing their powerbase, and anyway it’s based on false assumptions. All the talk from critics has been about the ‘end’ of Channel 4. As if it will disappear! It won’t! It will compete, and it will still be there to create content. If people want to watch those programmes, then they will stay. That’s how the market works! Of course, some would argue that in recent years public broadcasters haven’t really been in touch with the majority of Brits, and these days plenty of online platforms and youtubers have far bigger audiences than C4 News, so they’ve got some work to do!  To be honest, it’s brilliant to see a Conservative Government doing conservative things, and the privatisation of Channel 4 underpins the conservative principles I believe in. Let’s have faith in the commercial viability of a broadcaster that holds a cherished place in British life. Let’s release it from state ownership so it can become an innovative public service broadcaster, with the ability to compete in the market and go up against the streaming giants in a fair fight. Let’s ignore those who consistently talk down British entrepreneurship and ingenuity, and instead trust that Channel 4 will compete and do well. If it’s as good as the critics of this decision say it is, then it will surely fly! *Ben Bradley is the Conservative MP for Mansfield 