Meghan Markle’s appearance has not changed much since she rocketed to fame as the character Rachel Zane in Suits in 2011. At 40, the former actress still has glowing skin and a slim physique. How does she do it? Meghan is said to focus on both her diet and fitness regime to stay in shape. She has previously revealed she follows a healthy and balanced diet, allowing herself a sweet treat in moderation. According to the royal biography Finding Freedom: Harry and Meghan and the Making of A Modern Royal Family, written by Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand, Meghan enjoys eating a daily breakfast. The book discussed what the Duchess eats specifically. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's diet to 'aid in weight loss & belly fat reduction' The authors explained: “Her [Meghan’s] morning ritual started with a cup of hot water and a slice of lemon. “Followed by her favourite breakfast of steel-cut oats (usually made with almond or soy milk) with bananas and agave syrup for sweetness.” Meghan is also a fan of an omelette with cheese, fresh herbs, and a slice of toast for breakfast. According to Omid and Carolyn, the Duchess tends to have a heavier lunch and a lighter dinner. DON'T MISS: Easter travel chaos latest: Queues form at St. Pancras for Eurostar [UPDATE]Meghan drops Duchess title in Archetypes ‘to rebrand herself' - claim [EXPERT]Shoppers can save £250 a year by swapping 6 branded items [INSIDER] Meghan has previously shared that she usually eats vegan and gluten-free food, considering them better for her health. “I try to eat vegan during the week and then have a little bit more flexibility with what I dig into on the weekends,” she told Best Health in 2015. “But at the same time, it’s all about balance. Because I work out the way I do, I don’t ever want to feel deprived. “I feel that the second you do that is when you start to binge on things. It’s not a diet – it’s lifestyle eating.” The Duchess went on to reveal that she usually has a green juice in the afternoon and tries to avoid drinking coffee. “It’s easy to fall into the trap of rushing for a coffee when you hit that 4pm slump,” she said. “But if I blend some apple, kale, spinach, lemon, and ginger in my Vitamix in the morning and bring it to work, I always find that sipping on that is a much better boost than a cup of espresso.” In the royal biography Finding Freedom, the authors added: “For snacks in between meals, she opted for apple slices and peanut butter.” The Duchess also enjoys cooking, for herself and her friends. “I am a big fan of Sunday suppers,” she told Today back in 2012. Meghan added: “Whether we’re eating lamb tagine, pot roast or a hearty soup, the idea of gathering for a hearty meal with friends and family on a Sunday makes me feel comforted. “I enjoy making slow-cooked food on Sundays, like Filipino-style chicken adobo. It’s so easy – combine garlic, soy, vinegar, maybe some lemon and let the chicken swim in that sauce until it falls off the bone in a Crock Pot.”