Holly Smith, also known as the UK’s Coupon Queen, is a trusted bargain hunter who shares her tips and life hacks on social media. She has suggested Britons buy Wonky Veg at Morrisons as the discount fruit and veg could save you hundreds a year when compared to the premium options. Holly, who runs the website Coupon Queen told Express.co.uk: "At Morrisons, you can buy wonky veggies and fruits, which are slightly irregular in appearance or shape, but they’re fine to consume. "You can find wonky veggies such as peppers, courgette, red grapes, green grapes, and more. "These vegetables have a shelf life of three days or more, including delivery day." Morrisons previously sold its Morrisons Wonky Vegetables Selection Box, with a selection of its Wonky Veg inside. However, this item has been discontinued and now the veg is being sold in separate packages. READ MORE: Money saving woman who paid off 20k of debt details her strategy - 'remain consistent' Holly said there are often further discounts on Wonky Veg. She said: "The retail price for Morrisson's wonky green grapes (500g) is £2.50 per kg, but you can buy them for £1.25. "If you go for the wonky peppers (750g), the retail price is £1.60 per kg, but you can purchase them for £1.20 and save." A standard family weekly shop of fruit and veg, including carrots, potatoes, sweet potatoes, peppers, courgette, avocado, apples, and grapes, is hundreds of pounds cheaper if Britons purchase the stores Wonky Veg vs its premium options. In fact, families could save over £550 a year, comparing luxury Morrisons options in like-for-like quantities. DON'T MISSLeave a legacy for your family – not the taxman! [EXPERT] Mum who saved £17k in a year shares sinking fund envelope system [SAVINGS] Mum plans to save £10k amid the 2022 cost of living crisis [TIPS] Wonky Veg shopping list: Cost: £4.47 a week or £232.44 a year Premium fruit and veg shopping list: Cost: £15.16 a week or £788.32 a year Saving over a year buying Wonky Veg: £555 The money saving mum detailed another way to get cheap frozen fruit and vegetables. Holly said: "Get 10 percent off what you spend at Farmfoods, the frozen food specialist with more than 300 stores. "All you need to do is sign up for the Farmfoods newsletter. "To do so, head to the Farmfoods website and click on the black circle on the right. "After you sign up for the newsletter, you’ll receive a link to download coupons. "You can get £2 off when you spend £25 or £10 when you spend £100. You don’t have to buy everything. Just stock up on frozen foods such as fruits and vegetables that you need." Look in the world food aisle Items like naan bread, curry pastes, and rice are cheaper on the world food aisle than regular aisle to the tune of 75 percent. Often these products are made by very recognisable British brands but are marketed with different packaging for less cash. Buy supermarket's own brand products Supermarkets have their own ranges, including budget ranges. Sainsbury's 'Basics' range sells a wide variety of cheap household items and food. Asda offers its Smart Price essentials and Morrisons has a Savers range. Tesco has its Everday Value range.