Simon Jordan has insisted that Paul Pogba has no right to complain about being booed by his own fans during Manchester United's narrow victory over Norwich City on Saturday afternoon. The Red Devils were bailed out of trouble once again by Cristiano Ronaldo, who popped up with a decisive hat-trick to maintain his side's faint hopes of qualifying for next season's Champions League at the end of the current campaign. The match was somewhat overshadowed by the surprisingly hostile reception Pogba received from his own supporters when he was substituted during the closing stages of the second half before sarcastically cupping his ear to the crowd in response. Jordan is adamant that the Frenchman has made a rod for his own back, though, by failing to live up to expectations over the course of his five-year spell at Old Trafford."People say fans shouldn’t boo Paul Pogba [but] he reaps what he sows," Jordan told talkSPORT when quizzed on Pogba. "He's earned what he's got, he's got that relationship with the fans because of his performances over four or five years."He played for a very good French side at that particular tournament when they won the World Cup, which he wasn't the best player in by a country mile. He was part of a very cohesive and good unit that made up for some of the things he didn't do. JUST IN: Man Utd ace Cristiano Ronaldo urged to retire after landmark hat-trick "Juventus was the same, so here he comes into United with all that goes around him. I'm tired of players that go into clubs like this, that don't do what they should do."The fact of the matter is that he's been appalling for United over the five seasons he's been there, a complete and utter waste of time. He's embodied the spirit of why United have declined."This feeling of the players being more important than the club, this feeling of lack of cohesion, the whole aspect of United is undermined by the group of players that are in there that won't start themselves. "The attitude in this club is awful right now and Pogba is the embodiment of it." Pogba is widely expected to leave United upon the expiry of his contract at the end of the season after failing to agree new terms despite holding talks with the club's hierarchy over the last few months. The 29-year-old has recently been linked with a potential return to Juventus on a free transfer, while Paris Saint-Germain have also been credited with a long-standing interest in bringing him to the French capital. He joined United for a club-record fee back in 2016 and has since registered 225 appearances for the Red Devils in all competitions, winning the Carabao Cup and the Europa League in the process. The former Juventus man has chipped in with a goal and nine assists in the Premier League since the beginning of the current campaign but has struggled with injuries and is no longer a sure-fire starter at Old Trafford. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here