Officers were called at 4.45pm to a fight in Goldcrest Way, New Addington, located in Croydon. Three males aged 15, 16 and 18 were rushed to hospital with stab injuries. At this early stage, officer believe two of the stab victims are not suffering life-threatening injuries. However, they are "concerned" about the third and are awaiting an update from the hospital. No arrests have been made at this stage. Witnesses have been urged to come forward with any information they might have. A Section 60 order has also been put in place until 7am on Saturday, covering areas including Waddon, Fairfield, Parkhill, Whitgift and Shirley South. This provides police officers with stop and search powers in the listed areas. Croydon MPS tweeted: "We were called at 4.35pm to a fight in Goldcrest Way, New Addington.  "Three males, 15, 16 & 18, taken to hospital with stab injuries. "At this early stage, officers believe two are not in a life-threatening condition, but are concerned about the third awaiting hospital update. "There has been no arrest at this stage. Witnesses are asked to call 101, reference 4941/15apr. Or please contact Crimestoppers anonymously." "Tackling violent crime is the Met's top priority.  "A Section 60 has been authorised until 0700hrs on 16 April. Details to follow." In another tweet, the police wrote: "Please support police officers as they work through the night to keep people in Croydon safe. "The Section 60 covers #NewAddington and wards in the north of Croydon, including Waddon, Fairfield, Parkhill, Whitgift and Shirley South." Last month, concerned locals feared losing a community centre will lead to more violence on the streets of New Addington.  Croydon Council said the Addington Community Association building in Central Parade will be sold off. Community members gathered for a meeting of Renew New Addington (ReNA) on March 28 to discuss the loss of the community centre. Shutting down the ACA means the New Addington Amateur Boxing Club, which has has been based on the estate for more than 50 years, will have to find a new home. One woman at the meeting said her daughter was scared to go to Central Parade on her own and expressed fears the situation will onlyget worse for young people with nothing to do.  She said: “Addington is always forgotten. We are losing all our youth services. "My daughter is scared to go over the parade. Our youths are struggling, there is nothing for them to do.” THIS IS A BREKAING STORY. MORE TO FOLLOW... 