Fernando Alonso will start today's race with his thumbs in bandages after a high-speed crash in Albert Park yesterday. Data shows Alonso had set the fastest time of anyone in the second sector and was on course for pole before his heavy accident. He ran wide at turn 11 after a hydraulics issue saw him smash into the barrier at high speed. Arriving in the paddock on Sunday, Alonso was seen with strapping over his hands and claimed it was a “little bit painful”. He explained the injury had been sustained after he didn’t let go of the wheel at the time of impact. This would have caused his hand to jolt violently at the moment the car hit the wall. Alonso said: “I’m fine, obviously yesterday I held the steering until the last moment before the crash, just to save the front wing. But I had no power steering at that moment, we had nothing. “It was an extension of the thumbs, so it is a little bit painful now, but it’s going to be OK for the race.” READ MORE: Fernando Alonso indicates Alpine’s power unit as strong as Mercedes Alonso's accident ensured Mercedes could hold on to their status as third-fastest car. Lewis Hamilton was just quicker than team-mate George Russell with the pair fifth and sixth. Esteban Ocon was quick enough for eighth but Alonso will start tenth as he didn’t get another run in during Q3. After the session, the double world champion claimed he was “frustrated” at missing out on an opportunity to be near the sharp end He said: “It seems we are very unlucky in these three races so far and to have this issue today in qualifying is a real shame. DON'T MISSEsteban Ocon abused by fans after Fernando Alonso battle  [INSIGHT]Alonso won't retire from F1 for two years as Alpine told 'dream big' [COMMENT]Hamilton and Alonso stopping Ricciardo from seeing 'red flag' [ANALYSIS] “We had the pace for the top three or maybe even the front row today and on my Q3 lap I felt very fast. I’m not surprised to be this close to the leaders because we’ve been working hard as a team. “Each weekend we have got better and better, so that is a positive. It’s been the best weekend for years for me personally, and it’s frustrating we weren’t able to deliver it today.”