The automated digital solution can extend awards, but the DWP will have the right to review it at any time. The DWP is currently experiencing severe backlogs for reviewing awards which has seen some being extended.  The awards could be given out for as long as 10 years or as short as three months. DWP minister Chloe Smith MP commented: “To protect PIP customers, we have developed an automated digital solution which essentially extends the current award for cases where there is a risk that the claim will fall out of payment. “As we see continuing high demand for PIP new claims, customers are currently waiting longer than expected to have their claim reviewed, which has led to some awards being extended more than once.” When a PIP claim is reviewed, claimants will receive a form, shorter than the PIP2 forms, called the AR1 form. This form can also be sent to people who have ongoing awards.   It should be noted that the information provided on these review forms could alter or even end one’s award. It is not just award reviews that have been delayed, as other processes related to PIP have seen Government resources stretched thin. Benefits and Work shared on their website that there are an estimated 340,000 new PIP claims currently in progress. This means they are still to be completed, most likely due to waiting for an assessment. When one applies for PIP for the first time they will usually be invited to an assessment which will determine the rate of PIP they receive and whether they can get an award at all.     Waiting times for these assessments and decisions have steadily increased during the pandemic. Currently, claimants can expect to wait 22 weeks from applying to getting a decision on their claim. Not only that but disability equality charity Scope has found that roughly seven out of every 10 PIP applications are rejected in the end. However, with 2.7 million Britons currently receiving PIP, it is still worth the effort to get what one could be entitled to. PIP relies heavily on assessments and reviews due to its qualifying nature.  As it is not a means-tested benefit, what a claimant earns, spends or saves does not factor into their application. Rather it is based on their condition or illness and how that affects them in daily life. The benefit aims to provide for the additional costs that come with having a long-term physical or mental health condition or disability. There are two aspects of PIP offering varying rates which will depend on the level of difficulty a claimant has with the different tasks. The daily living part provides for those that need assistance with daily household and personal tasks such as eating, making money decisions or socialising.  At the lower weekly rate, the daily living aspect pays £61.85 with the higher rate paying £92.40. The mobility part of PIP provides for those that need assistance navigating outside or within their home or leaving their home. Claimants do not need a physical disability to claim the mobility component. The lower rate for the mobility aspect pays £24.45 per week with the higher weekly rate giving £64.50.