Paul Mitchell would love a ‘serious role’ at Manchester United and has been endorsed by Ralf Rangnick, it has been claimed. The Monaco chief has been heavily linked with a move to Old Trafford in the short time since it was announced Erik ten Hag will be taking charge. And it’s possible the former Tottenham and Southampton supremo will be hired by the Red Devils as they look to win the Premier League title in the foreseeable future. Manchester United will have Ten Hag as their new manager next season, with the 52-year-old beating the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique to the job. And Mitchell has been heavily linked with a move in the time since, with his long-term future at Monaco up in the air. Now, according to Marca journalist Chris Winterburn, the 40-year-old ‘would love’ to move to United. And it’s also stated that Rangnick ‘loves’ Mitchell and would face no problem with him working at Old Trafford, saying on Twitter: “Ralf Rangnick loves Paul Mitchell, Paul Mitchell would love to have a serious role at Manchester United. “Where does he fit in without unseating Murtough, Fletcher, Judge etc? “I would love to see it, but they don’t usually deliver the right things.” THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Mitchell played for the likes of Wigan, Swindon, Milton Keynes Dons and Wrexham during his playing days. But, since retiring, he’s established himself as a recruitment expert wherever he’s been. In January 2012, he joined Southampton from MK Dons when the Saints were still strutting their stuff in the Championship. The club gained promotion to the Premier League in his first season at the club, while he also oversaw the appointment of Pochettino when Nigel Adkins was sacked. At Southampton, he masterminded the shrewd signings of players such as Nathaniel Clyne, Steven Davis and Morgan Schneiderlin. After Pochettino left for Tottenham in 2014, he then rocked up at Spurs. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag And he ensured the north London giants rubbed shoulders with Europe’s elite by helping the club recruit the likes of Dele Alli, Son Heung-min and Toby Alderweireld - who were all relative unknowns at the time. After a two-year spell at RB Leipzig, Mitchell has been working at Monaco as sporting director. But there’s talk he may now leave with the Ligue 1 giants primed to restructure behind the scenes as they look to reel in Paris Saint-Germain. Whether he ends up at United, however, remains to be seen. They already have a structure in place, with Richard Arnold at the very top of it having replaced Ed Woodward earlier in the year. Unlike Woodward, though, Arnold is willing to delegate when it comes to pure footballing matters. That means John Murtough seems to have the most power at Old Trafford, having spearheaded their hunt for a new manager. United do want to hire somebody to ease the workload on Murtough - but it’s unclear right now who that will be. And Darren Fletcher and Rangnick will also be part of United’s structure at the end of the campaign, with the latter set to become a consultant. Meanwhile, Dean Ashton thinks Ten Hag has his work cut out when it comes to turning United’s fortunes around. “It was so important for Man United not to lose this game if they wanted the top-four, and I don’t see it now, the gap is too big,” he said after their 3-1 defeat to Arsenal on Saturday. “There seems to be a spirit between the players and the staff at Arsenal, and you just don’t see that at Manchester United. “That’s the job of Erik ten Hag, to put a style of play that the players buy into, that makes them want to work for each other, that is identifiable for the players and actually quite simple. “I think this group of players needs a really simple structure and a way of playing they can understand.” United are next in action against Chelsea on Thursday. They drew 1-1 in the same fixture earlier in the season, with Jadon Sancho on target.