Mick Schumacher has claimed Carlos Sainz’s new Ferrari contract 'doesn’t mean anything different' for his future. The young German says he believes 'opportunities will come' his way if he continues doing a good job at Haas. Schumacher is part of Ferrari's young driver programme and is tipped to one day join his father’s old team. However, Sainz’s new deal means Schuamcher is unlikely to make a move to the iconic Italian marquee until at least 2025. Reacting to Sainz’s contract, Schumacher said: “I think it was expected in many ways. Of course, Carlos did a mega job last year so he deserves it. For me, it doesn’t mean anything different than usual. I do my job here trying my best, and the opportunities will come.” AlphaTauri team principal Franz Tost has claimed Sdhumchaer will not be ready for a top drive for several more years. READ MORE: Sainz wins power battle with Ferrari as Spaniard signs new deal He has claimed the young star needs to beat his team-mate at Haas and ensure he is ready in around three years time. He said: “He has to drive somewhere else for another three years. Formula 1 is extremely complicated today. A driver needs at least three years of learning to drive at the top level. “A George Russell or a Charles Leclerc also needed that time. He first has to beat his team-mate Kevin Magnussen consistently at Haas and try to achieve success with Haas. That’s his job now and nothing else.” Sainz’s previous deal had been due to expire at the end of the season. DON'T MISSCharles Leclerc says finding watch thief hasn't been 'smooth' process [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen admits rivalry with Charles Leclerc feels 'natural' [COMMENT]Max Verstappen using new skill vs Charles Leclerc after Hamilton fight [ANALYSIS] The Spaniard has had a difficult start to the season after crashing out in Australia. He has also been unable to match the pace of his Charles Lelcerc this season who leads the standings by 34 points. However, he was backed by Ferrari team principal Mattia Binotto who claimed he had impressed the team. Binotto said: “I have said several times that I believe we have the best driver pairing in Formula 1 and so, with every passing race, it seemed a completely natural step to extend Carlos' contract, thus ensuring stability and continuity. In his time so far with the team, he has proved to have the talent we expected from him, delivering impressive results and making the most of all opportunities. "Outside the car, he is a hard worker with an eye for the smallest detail, which has helped the whole group to improve and progress.”