The Princess Royal and the Duchess of Cambridge will undertake a rare joint engagement together next Wednesday.  The pair will visit the Royal College of Midwives and Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists headquarters in London to hear about the ways they are working together to improve maternal health care. Kate, 40, serves as patron of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG) while Anne, 71, is the patron of the Royal College of Midwives (RCM). Both positions were previously held by the Queen Mother. Their Royal Highnesses will learn how the two organisations have collaborated to improve maternal health care and ensure those who are pregnant receive the safest and best care possible. During the engagement, Anne and Kate will meet with representatives from Tommy's National Centre for Maternity Improvement to learn about the digital tools being developed to identify and support those with higher risk pregnancies. The pair will also speak with key partners from the Avoiding Brain Injury in Childbirth (ABC) collaboration about the development of a national approach to the monitoring and safety of fetal wellbeing during labour. Clinical staff and the experiences of mothers are being used to inform this approach. In addition, they will take part in a round table discussion to discuss the measures being taken to tackle inequalities in maternity care. The Princess and the Duchess will also speak with those whose achievements and commitment have been recognised with an RCM award. The final item on the itinerary is a plaque unveiling to officially mark the opening of the building. READ MORE: Meghan showcased her 'close connection' to Royal Family with outfits Princess Anne and Kate have been supporting nurses and midwives for years and both royal women supported the #NursingNow campaign. The scheme was launched in 2018 by the Duchess of Cambridge, as a three-year-long initiative that aimed to raise the profile of nurses around the world. In December 2019, both royals also wrote letters to mark the International Year of the Midwife. Anne’s letter referenced Kate, making a nod to her involvement in the Nursing Now campaign. While Kate's letter reflected on her work on the Early Years – the development between pregnancy and the age of five – and how midwives' role at the start of this period is of "fundamental importance". DON'T MISS Prince Charles tipped to take centre stage during key Jubilee event [INSIGHT] Sussex fans rally around Meghan after Europe backlash [REPORT] Harry and Meghan will be 'told by Netflix' to avoid Platinum Jubilee [REVEAL] News of Anne and Kate's joint engagement was met with delight from royal fans. One with the username 'Royalimposters' wrote: "Love this pairing! Hopefully, we get more and more joint engagements!" While another wrote: "Excellent news. Some very worthy causes and a wonderful pairing to visit them!" A third with the screen name 'VictoireRomy' praised both of the royals for their dedication to service. The user wrote: "Both women in the family whom I truly admire! No fuss, never about themselves, get to the business at hand, the People & communities first & foremost. You know all the boring stuff celebrities [would] never dream of doing!"