The UK needs to follow the Czech Republic’s lead and send tanks, as well as jets, heavy artillery, and long-range missiles, to the Ukrainian forces to empower them further to drive back the Russian military, columnist Robert Taylor said. If Putin is allowed to regain a footing in the war and take over Ukraine, he added, he will then surely make attempts to conquer surrounding countries such as Estonia and Latvia as well. Speaking to LBC as part of Iain Dale’s Cross Questions, Mr Taylor said: “We can send a few Russian diplomats back to Russia, but it won’t make the slightest bit of difference. “What makes any difference in this conflict is giving Ukraine the tanks, the jets, the heavy artillery and the long-range missiles that they’ve actually been asking for. “At the moment, we’ve given weapons of insurgency. Now we need to give weapons to allow them to actually push Russia out of Ukraine.” After asking what Mr Taylor meant by heavy weaponry, presenter Iain Dale recalled that the Czech Republic had sent tanks on April 5. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG Mr Taylor added: “Exactly, and we need to do the same. What we’re seeing here with Ukraine is Russia trying to recreate the Soviet Union. “We need to be wise to this, and if we’re constantly cowered by Putin we’re not going to get anywhere. “If he takes over Ukraine without Ukrainians, which is obviously what he’s trying to do, do we think it will stop there? “Of course, he won’t. He will then go for Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia as well. Now is the time to support Ukrainians – they need our help.” READ MORE: Fears Biden latest remark pushes Putin to nuke button [REVEAL] Britain’s supply of weaponry thus far has focused mainly on short-range shoulder-mounted rocket launchers, donating NLAW and Javelin anti-tank missiles. NATO forces, led by the US, UK, and Turkey, have also sent Stinger anti-aircraft missiles and TB2 drones, which have proved effective up to now. But Admiral Sir Tony Radakin, Britain’s chief of defence staff, informed ministers that the situation in Ukraine had moved to more “traditional warfare”, where there is both attack and defence from both sides, and that Ukraine now required more offensive weaponry. A cabinet source clarified: “The Ukrainian army is not only holding big cities, but also forcing the Russians to retreat. Our support needs to change with that.” DON'T MISS: UN facing 'enormous problem' as veto preventing Ukraine action [REPORT] Dmitry Medvedev says Putin wants Moscow empire stretching further west [INSIGHT] Ukraine LIVE: New hunt for 'out of control' Chechen units [LIVE] During a donor conference involving 35 countries last week, convened by defence minister Ben Wallace, the cabinet member pledged to send “more lethal aid” to Ukraine. It follows pleas from Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky the week prior during a NATO summit for “military assistance without restrictions”. Wallace agreed to send armoured vehicles and long-range artillery but has stopped short of sending tanks or jets. NATO allies have shown reluctance to send heavier weaponry for fear that it could provoke Russia into a nuclear attack.