Amber Heard’s former assistant Kate James has claimed in court that the Aquaman actress “spat in her face” while furiously chastising her for asking for “half her usual salary”. During the testimony, Amber turned around and smiled at someone behind her.  “Salary negotiations became a real bone of contention,” said James, in a pre-recorded testimony. “I specifically remember standing in her office, when she leapt up out of her chair, put her face approximately four inches from my face. “She was spitting in my face and telling me how dare I ask for the salary I was asking for, which was half of my regular annual salary. “I was offering her that as a favour, and she felt that gave her the right to spit in my face.” Asked how Heard was “verbally abusive” towards her, James claimed the star was “screaming, screaming over the phone, she screamed at me once in person and multiple times over the phone”. She added: “Barrages of abusive text messages, day and night… All incoherent, not really making sense, just someone to lash out at.” James said Heard treated her “poor” sister Whitney “like the dog that you kick”. She continued to say that she believed Heard’s late mother Paige Parsons was afraid of her, and claimed she had witnessed the actress being verbally abusive to Parsons. "Amber's mother personally told me she was terrified of her,” she said. Heard denies all allegations of abuse. Her ex-husband Johnny Depp, 58, is currently suing her for $50million (£38.2million) claiming she defamed him in a 2018 Washington Post article she wrote, in which she claimed to be a victim of domestic violence. She did not name Depp, but he says he was implicated due to the public nature of their 2015-2017 marriage, and claims it destroyed his career. DON'T MISS...Johnny Depp's best friend sobs in court over Amber Heard abuse case [TEARS] Stacey Solomon says 'boobs are on fire' as she's rushed to doctors [UPDATE] Adam Boulton erupts at ex-Sky News pal over Rwanda migrant comments [TWITTER] Heard is counter-suing Depp, who also denies all allegations of abuse, for $100million (76.5million). The court is yet to hear her side of the story as the case has only just begun. Depp previously lost a defamation case against The Sun after he sued the newspaper for describing him as a "wife beater". The court in London found that the allegations made against him were "substantially true" and furthermore blocked his right to appeal the decision. Two years on, the new trial is now underway in Fairfax, Virginia. Heard’s lawyers are expected to argue that she should be immune from defamation claims due to a law specific to the state of Virginia called the anti-Slapp provision (strategic lawsuit against public participation.) The provision is designed to prevent people from being sued for speaking out when the matters involved are of public concern. The trial continues.