Former Olympic gymnast and sensational Dancing On Ice star Beth Tweddle MBE was delighted to report that she has welcomed her second baby. The latest arrival, a son, follows hot on the heels of her three-year-old daughter Freya. 37-year-old Beth is famed for becoming the first British female ever to win a medal for gymnastics at the World Championships, European Championships and Olympic Games. And the star has now grown her brood to become a mum-of-two. Beth is now the proud mother of two children, after announcing baby Finley was born last month. READ NOW: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show The sporting champ had kept it carefully shrouded in secrecy for weeks, only letting on that he had arrived when she was ready. The first followers knew of the birth was a touching Instagram photo depicting her holding her newborn son's tiny hand in hers. The emotional star captioned the image: "Excited to introduce the newest member of the Allen family, Finley. 17.3.22." Paralympian Natasha Baker followed suit, adding: "Huge congratulations, my lovely." Meanwhile the British artistic gymnast Kelly Simm also offered her support. The happy news has come after a past filled with its fair share of trauma. Several years ago, Beth had a harrowing accident after breaking two bones in her back while starring in the Channel 4 reality show The Jump. She'd crashed into a barrier and was ousted from the competition after requiring surgery on her spinal cord and neck. Tragically, she'd told the world in the aftermath of the episode that she was unsure whether she'd "ever be 100% again". "The effects of my accident still interrupt my daily life and, aside from the severe physical injuries at the start, the hardest part of the recovery process has been the psychological element," she said. "Dealing with and processing the whole accident and the aftermath of what happened." The accident took place after her Dancing On Ice success, which saw her strike gold in 2013, warding off competition from boxer Luke Campbell and actor Matt Lapinskas. It is usually TV favourite Dancing On Ice that is known for being perilous, with host Phillip Schofield recently confessing that he'd been banned by bosses from taking to the rink over injury fears. Yet for unlucky Beth, it was The Jump that caused her traumatising injuries. Fortunately, she has now overcome the adversity and launched her own business, Total Gymnastics, which she runs alongside caring for her youngsters.