Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has called two academy players up to his first-team squad for Monday's Premier League trip to Crystal Palace. The Gunners visit Selhurst Park looking to reclaim fourth spot from Tottenham Hotspur at the start of what promises to be a hotly-contested season run-in. According to Goal's Charles Watts, under-23s duo Mazeed Ogungbo and Marcelo Flores are amongst the Arsenal squad ahead of the all-London affair. Arteta has handed both starlets their maiden first-team match-day involvements on a crucial night in the capital. Ogungbo has been one of the standout stars in Kevin Betsy's under-23 side this season, making 25 appearances. The 19-year-old is a natural centre-back and is most comfortable as the left-sided player in a back three, but he also has experience playing as a left-back or left-wing-back Flores, 18, recently made headlines for his call-up to the senior Mexico squad during the recent international break. He can play as the attacking midfielder or on the wing, preferably on the left, and has registered 10 goals and three assists in 20 games for the under-23s and under-18s this campaign. JUST IN: Danny Murphy claims Tottenham boss Antonio Conte is 'not appealing' Arteta has been tipped to give Flores the chance to impress amongst his first team during pre-season later this year. But the opportunity for the exciting attacker to make a name for himself could present itself earlier if he makes his way onto the pitch against Palace. His father, Ruben Flores, has confirmed the report, posting on Twitter: "So proud and excited with the first call up of @marceloflores with the first team @arsenal. Good luck son, you've been preparing all your life for moments like this." READ MORE: Pep Guardiola issues sarcastic reply to Man City tactics question Arteta has made use of Arsenal's academy set-up this season after significantly trimming down his squad over the last year. And more established academy graduates, Emile Smith Rowe and Bukayo Saka, are leading stars as the Gunners push for a Champions League return. But the Spaniard does have enough senior stars to fill his matchday squad, suggesting there could be some absentees against Patrick Viera's dangerous side on Monday. Conor Humm has confirmed that Kieran Tierney and Saka are present. Still, there are concerns that Takehiro Tomiyasu isn't yet ready to return to action amid his stint on the sidelines through a calf injury. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here