Since 2009, the threshold for paying IHT has been frozen at £325,000. Inheritance tax does not need to be paid if the value of someone’s estate is below this amount. Due to the threshold being frozen for such an extended period of time, more Britons are finding their loved ones could be at risk of having to pay the levy once they pass away. This is because the IHT threshold has not risen in line with inflation and house prices have skyrocketed over the last ten years, which means peoples’ estates are more likely to be subject to the tax. Christine Cairns, a tax partner at PwC UK, provided a hypothetical example as to how the threshold could have been increased if it was aligned with the rate of inflation. Ms Cairns explained: “The dragging effect of frozen tax thresholds means people end up with less money in their pockets year on year. “For example the nil rate band for inheritance tax (IHT) has been frozen at £325,000 since 2009 while average house prices have increased dramatically over that same period. “Had IHT not been frozen, and instead rose in line with inflation, the threshold would be £478,078 from today, meaning anything up to that amount could be passed on tax free. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  “For the IHT threshold to be in line with the reality of prices and costs today, it would need to be £134,690 more than its current level.” According to HMRC, the most recent IHT statistics revealed tax receipts reached a record high of £5.36billion for the period between April 2021 and February 2022. This is a slight rise from the previous record high seen in the 2018/19 tax year of £5.36billion and is £700million higher than the same period last year. Ms Cairns warned that more and more low income households could find themselves paying inheritance tax if the threshold remains the same while the price of assets go up.  She added: “By 2026, the IHT threshold would need to be £504,358 to take into account inflation. “If the threshold remains frozen, as it has for the last 13 years, more and more mid to lower income families will be pulled into IHT as asset prices rise.” To combat the risk of IHT, Ms Cairns advocated for taxpayers using IHT gift allowances to save some money. Gifts of up to £3,000 can be awarded every tax year and this can be carried onto the following tax year. Alternatively, an unlimited amount of IHT gifts can be made of up to £250 per person. On top of this, wedding gifts to a child of up to £5,000, to a grandchild or great-grandchild of up to £2,500 or to anybody else of up to £1,000  can also be made. Ms Cairns said: “Faced with a growing tax burden and rising costs, some simple steps to mitigate the impact of the frozen tax thresholds can make a real difference to people’s bottom line. “With IHT, not everyone may be aware that there are annual and lifetime gift allowances where you can gift certain amounts to loved ones each year tax free, and that some or all of the value of businesses and agricultural assets may be exempt. “To protect against other threshold creeps, pension contributions or charitable donations can help to decrease the net adjusted income against which the taxes are calculated. “Where stocks and shares are held in an ISA, dividends can be received tax free and so people impacted by the frozen dividend allowance could therefore consider maximising their annual ISA allowance. “An individual’s capital gains tax rate - which has been frozen since 2020 - also depends on the level of their earnings. “So if one spouse is a higher rate earner, they could consider gifting assets to their lower-earning spouse to ensure any gain is taxed at a lower rate when the asset is sold.”