Frank Lampard has been urged to play “Barcelona-type football” next season if he can keep his Everton side in the Premier League. The Toffees are desperately trying to avoid relegation to the Championship and are just four points above the drop zone. Lampard took charge at Everton in January after the Toffees had suffered a dismal run of form under previous manager Rafa Benitez. The Chelsea hero has failed to get the best out of his team, however, and they are part of the relegation dogfight at the bottom of the table. But former Manchester City defender Richard Dunne thinks Lampard can keep his side up and help them kick-on next season. “Frank has experience in the Championship and knows the league,” Dunne said as he spoke on behalf of Irish Grand National sponsor BoyleSports. “When he was there, he used his contacts at Chelsea to help him at Derby. I don’t see them going down and I think if they stay up, I think Lampard can definitely improve them after a fresh start with a pre-season and a summer transfer window. JUST IN: Man Utd outcast Martial admits future is 'complicated' amid struggles   “I think he’s a manager who can get them a Barcelona-type football and get them higher in the league. I don’t think the poor season or results are down to him, but it’s down to previous managers. He’s just trying to handle the situation and he’s the man to bring them forward.” Everton boosted their survival hopes last Saturday when they defeated Manchester United at Goodison Park. Young winger Anthony Gordon notched the only goal of the game as he all but ended the Red Devils’ chances of securing a top-four Premier League finish. DON'T MISS...Arsenal's new-look XI if Gabriel to Barcelona swap deal helps solve striker issueErik ten Hag planning Man Utd backroom staff team 'with three on shortlist'Villarreal ace Capoue rubs sult in Bayern boss Nagelsmann's wounds     That result gave Lampard only his fourth top flight victory in 12 attempts as Everton boss. The Merseysiders, who were thrashed 4-0 by Crystal Palace in the quarter-finals of the FA Cup last month, return to league action next Wednesday when they host Leicester City, who have themselves endured a disappointing season. And Lampard has already revealed he isn’t bothered about his style of football as long as it keeps the Toffees in the Premier League. “Beautiful football can come later on,” Lampard admitted after watching his side stun the Red Devils. “I have ambitions for this club to stay up - play well. But in the position we are in, fighting comes first and foremost. “At Goodison we have been good. We are getting clean sheets at home. When we come together with fans and players we are hard to beat here.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 