Liverpool and Real Madrid are apparently keeping close eyes on Bayern Munich winger Serge Gnabry, who is in the final 18 months of his contract in Germany. Gnabry has become one of the biggest stars in the Bundesliga since joining Bayern from Werder Bremen in 2017. Gnabry has racked-up an impressive 61 goals and 40 assists in 163 games during his time at the Allianz Arena. And he has won three Bundesliga titles and lifted the Champions League trophy. The 26-year-old’s performances have been key to Bayern’s success. And, according to Goal, Real have already contacted Gnabry's representatives to discuss his availability after following his progress closely. Gnabry is contemplating a Bayern exit and could be keen to link-up with his former team-mate David Alaba at the Bernabeu. The duo spent four years together in Germany and remain close friends. READ MORE: Man Utd hero Wayne Rooney backs Liverpool to beat Man City in crunch clash   But Real will have to compete with Liverpool to sign Gnabry as club chiefs at Anfield have identified him as a potential replacement for Mohamed Salah should the Egypt international move on at the end of the season. Jurgen Klopp is thought to be a big admirer of Gnabry and could jump at the chance of welcoming him to Anfield. Meanwhile, Italian giants Juventus are also interested in Gnabry - so there could well be a battle to secure his services should he opt to call time on his career in Germany. Bayern have apparently offered the star a new deal to stay where he is but he is yet to put pen-to-paper on it. And he could decide he fancies a fresh challenge. DON'T MISS...Man Utd flop Anthony Martial hits new low with Sevilla loanLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'happy' with Mohamed Salah contract talksGary Lineker raves over Barcelona starlet Pedri during Sevilla win     Gnabry has helped his current side move nine points ahead of Borussia Dortmund at the top of the Bundesliga table this season thanks to his 11 goals and six assists in the league. And he has also played his part during Bayern’s run to the quarter-final of the Champions League. The star has found the back of the net three times in his six European appearances this campaign and notched when his side thrashed RB Salzburg 7-1 in the second leg of their last 16 encounter. Bayern will likely have to make Gnabry one of their highest-paid players to keep him at the Allianz Stadium. But manager Julian Nagelsmann has already admitted he doesn’t want to see the player leave. “He has everything a player needs and a coach likes,” the 34-year-old told reporters last week. “In the end, it's a matter of negotiation between the club and the player, but I'm sure we'll fix it. I'd like to keep him.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 