The Ultimatum is the latest dating show to hit Netflix and it is similar to shows like Married At First Sight and Love Is Blind. The couples taking part all include one partner who is ready to take the next step and get married. However, the other person in the relationship may not be as keen. So, what happened to Lauren Kilos and Nate Ruggles? The premise of the show is to test whether the couples are in a relationship that is best suited to their wants and needs. One half of the pair is keen to get married and has told their partner they must leave if they cannot commit to the next step. Nate Ruggles and Lauren Kilos did not make it to the dating stage of the experiment. They were unable to pick another person to test out a relationship with, but it was for a good reason. Nate proposed to Lauren, meaning the couple got engaged on the show. READ MORE: The Ultimatum’s Nate sparks fan fury after ‘embarrassing’ proposal In one of Nate's Instagram stories from April 2022, he referred to Lauren as "my girl". With this in mind, it appears the couple are still together to this day. They have not mentioned whether they have tied the not yet, so no spoilers will be given away. The couple had been dating for over two years before the experiment. They came to a crossroads as Nate was ready to have children, but Lauren was not. Lauren said she believed in compromise in a relationship, rather than sacrifice. She added: "I don’t want to think of children as a sacrifice." Nate went away to take some time to think and he decided he wanted to be with Lauren, no matter what. He said: “I’ve learned through this that I don’t have a family without you. DON'T MISS... The Ultimatum cast: Who are the contestants? [EXPLAINER] Brent Married at First Sight Australia: Where is Brent Vitiello now? [INSIGHT] Carolina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Carolina Santos? [EXPLAINER] “And as long as I spend the rest of my life with you, that’s all I want. "There’s no one else that I could imagine myself being with besides you for the rest of my life.” Since leaving the show, the pair have been seen travelling together, to Costa Rica and Colorado. The Ultimatum finale and reunion episodes are set to premiere on Netflix on Wednesday, April 13. With this in mind, fans should have some answers very soon as to where Nate and Lauren are in their relationship. Lauren spoke to Today about Nate's proposal, saying: "It was super unexpected. "I had told him not to. I was like, ‘Don’t do that. You’re going to get in trouble. People are going to be mad at you.'" Lauren said Nate had mentioned his plans to propose behind closed doors. She has opened up to him about feeling down, and he said: " 'I'm just gonna propose to you, and let's just ride off into the sunset. And let's figure everything out."  The Ultimatum is on Netflix now.