Kitchen and bathroom renovations can be costly projects, especially if homeowners are starting over. DIY SOS star Mark Millar has shared how to budget a kitchen and bathroom renovation to suit your financial situation. Mark, who is a building expert, is currently appearing on the second season of his show, Dream Kitchens and Bathrooms with Mark Millar on Channel 5. He explained to Express.co.uk which questions homeowners need to ask themselves before embarking on a renovation and setting a budget. Mark said a kitchen could cost between £4,000 and £40,000. “I’ve seen and done kitchens in the £90,000 range,” he explained. “Recently, I did one for £67,000. “It’s entirely up to you what you can afford, and how much you want to invest in that room.” READ MORE: Weeds: Use baking soda to quickly get rid of ‘stubborn’ patio weeds  Mark said homeowners should think about how long they want to stay in the property for, and whether they are doing it to sell the property on. “That’s what you need to think about when you’re investing in those rooms,” he added. Mark said there is a misconception that bathrooms are more affordable to renovate than other rooms. In fact, he said, bathrooms are a “really expensive room”. DON'T MISSHouseplants: Use eggshells to ‘boost’ the health of your plants [INSIGHT]What to look out for when viewing houses - check natural light [UPDATE]Interior: How to update your bathroom cabinets to transform a house [ANALYSIS] He said: "Everyone thinks of a small bathroom as not being expensive but the bathroom is a really expensive room. “If you’re going for new layout, you’ve got to alter all the plumbing positions. “You’ve got to make sure the flooring is really good. “You’ve got to make sure your drainage is good. “Tiling, lighting, all the building aspects, it takes as much work to do a small bathroom as a big room. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “For the tradespeople it’s much harder to walk around in that cramped space when you’re plumbing and getting the pipes in.” Mark said on his show, Dream Kitchens and Bathrooms, the cost of the bathrooms has ranged from £1,999 to £30,000. He said homeowners need to think about multiple aspects before deciding on their budget. Mark said: “A bathroom is about what you want in there. Do you want a bath on its own, do you want a bath and a shower?  “Do you want a jacuzzi? Do you want cabinet lighting? “Floor lighting, ceiling lighting, ventilation - there’s a lot of stuff that goes into a bathroom because there’s so much moisture. “That room has to stay dry to protect that property as well.” Dream Kitchens and Bathrooms with Mark Millar is available to stream on My5