Valtteri Bottas has revealed he is still sharing flights with Lewis Hamilton months after leaving Mercedes. He said the two were on the same plane after Bahrain and then again heading to the next race in Saudi Arabia. Bottas explained the pair were “still mates” and is confident the “friendship will last” longer-term. Speaking to People.com, he said: “It's been nice. It was pretty natural. “After the race, I drove past him on the in-lap and I heard he was on the podium, so I gave him thumbs up and he did the same. And we actually flew together after the race to Dubai. And we flew from Dubai to Saudi Arabia. So we're still sharing flights. In a way, nothing has changed. "You know, we're maybe not team-mates, but still mates. It is nice. We have a good relationship in a way. Because we did achieve quite a bit of things together as team-mates. I think that kind of friendship will for sure last too.” The pair saluted each other on the cooling down lap moments after the Bahrain Grand Prix was brought to an end. READ MORE: Bottas wants to rub salt in Mercedes' wounds as he targets old team Bottas drove alongside Hamilton and then gave a thumbs up in acknowledgement. Hamilton praised Bottas after the Finn’s move to Alfa Romeo was confirmed last September. He said: "He has been the best team-mate I've had the pleasure of working with. Your speed and resilience has been impressive but where you truly stand out to me is the human being you are. "You are greater than you know and I know there's a bright future ahead for you." Bottas also played a big part in helping Hamilton with his title fight against Max Verstappen last year. DON'T MISSValtteri Bottas hailed by Button for actions after Schumacher crash [INSIGHT]Bottas makes 'weird' Hamilton comment as Mercedes' poor form pondered [COMMENT]F1’s Bottas tipped to be outclassed by Russell: 'He's faster' [ANALYSIS] After Verstappen edged out Hamilton for the crown in Abu Dhabi, Bottas was clearly devastated. Speaking on team radio moments after the race ended, he said: “Well f***, s***”. Post-race, he added: “I haven't seen anyone yet, but I can feel it. We wanted to get both titles. Getting the Constructors' again is huge. But at the same time, it hurts that Lewis didn't get the Drivers' because, even for me, I feel like I lost the championship because he lost it!"