Speaking in the NBC Today interview, which aired this week, Prince Harry admitted that he "don’t know yet" if he and wife Meghan Markle will return to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. Following the Duke's interview, Meghan's elder half-sister Samantha Markle has savaged the couple over their Jubilee plans by stating that the couple "decided to abandon the family". Speaking on LBC on Friday, host Nick Ferrari said that the Queen still "doesn't know whether one of her grandchildren, the Duke of Sussex and his wife [Meghan]" can attend the Jubilee celebrations in June. The host asks Samantha: "What do you make of that?". Samantha replies that "being on this side of the pond" the US are not aware of the Queen's "real feelings". She added: "We can only assume that what has happened has been somewhat hurtful. READ MORE: Kate set to swipe major role from Prince Andrew with Duchess aiming to make history "But, you know, I think all things being said whether or not they can attend is largely due to their own behaviour, their own creation. "They decided to make the move, they decided to abandon the British Royal Family". Meghan's elder half-sister continues: "Harry abandoning British royal duty and the British people as well. "That was their choice. That part is probably sad for Her Royal Majesty and certainly not understandable". READ MORE: Meghan Markle's half-sister sends harsh message to Duchess 'Actions speak louder'  She concluded: "That's how we feel over here". Samantha is the older half-sister of the Duchess of Sussex and the daughter of Thomas Markle Sr, Meghan's father. Last year saw the release of Samantha's "tell-all" book, which was titled The Diary of Princess Pushy’s Sister. During the Sussexes' much-anticipated televised interview with Oprah last March, Meghan, when asked about the book, said: “I think it would be hard to ‘tell all’ when you don’t know me. She claimed that she grew up as an "only child" and that she hadn't seen her half-sister in nearly 20 years. Following the interview, Samantha hit back at Meghan's comments DON'T MISS:  She argued against Meghan's words and said that she had photos of the pair together, including one from her graduation in 2008. Last week, Harry and Meghan took a detour on their journey to The Hauge in the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. They made a UK pitstop at Windsor Castle to visit the Queen. During their visit, Prince Charles and Camilla were reportedly present. The relationship between the Duke and his father have been strained for some time, but even more so after his and Meghan's decision to step down a senior royals.