It is little wonder, then, that the Government’s proposal to process asylum applications in Rwanda has raised eyebrows. Predictably, there has been a horrified reaction from the Conservatives’ political opponents and from migrant advocacy groups who always attack any government policy which falls short of opening Britain’s doors to anyone and everyone. Welsh Labour leader Mark Drakeford called the plan “cruel and inhumane”. The SNP’s Westminster leader, Ian Blackford, called it “chilling” and “evil”. The Refugee Council claimed that it “violated” the principle of the UN Convention. The Government says it accepts there will be legal challenges and will not begin the scheme until they have been heard. But what if the plan to use Rwanda to process some asylum applications were actually to achieve what it sets out to do: to end people smuggling across the Channel while making the asylum system function better for those genuinely in need? The real evil is charging wide-eyed people thousands of pounds to cross from France to Britain (from one safe country to another) and then putting them in an unseaworthy rubber dinghy with 60 other people – with the inevitable drownings which result. Anything which promises to put an end to that should at least be given fair consideration. Britain has a long and proud history of helping those fleeing from danger, and it goes without saying that this must continue. In some ways, it is true, recent policy towards asylum-seekers and other migrants has been a disgrace. How ridiculous, for example, that UK homeowners ready and willing to put up Ukrainian refugees have been blocked by bureaucracy. In at least one case a couple have complained that they have been rejected on the grounds their house has bare floorboards rather than carpets. Before that, there was the scandal which saw the Home Office try to eject members of the Windrush generation who came to Britain legally and have lived here for decades, raising children here and following careers here. The idea that the Home Office, or any other government department or agency, should seek to create a “hostile environment” is pretty horrible.  So, yes, there will be legitimate concerns as to how the Rwanda scheme will be conducted. There is also the issue of cost. It will not be cheap flying large numbers of people to Rwanda, although this will have to be set against the far lower living costs in that country. But to dismiss the plan out of hand or to claim it is some kind of evil scheme to dump refugees on an unsuspecting African country is wrong. It is insulting both to the Home Secretary, herself the daughter of refugees, and to the government of Rwanda which has negotiated with the UK government with its eyes open. The fact that the scheme could put £120million into the Rwandan economy is something to celebrate. The Government needs to change current asylum policy somehow because it is not working. It is quite plain that in amongst the genuine refugees arriving in Britain are large numbers of economic migrants attracted by the promise of a better life. Genuine flows of refugees are made up of men, women of all ages, as well as children. As becomes clear when a boat-load of migrants is landed in Kent, however, cross-Channel traffic is overwhelmingly made up of young men.  Every single person who abuses the asylum system by making a claim when they are not in danger puts pressure on the system, making it more difficult for genuine refugees to get help. The current system is also failing to protect Britain from terrorism and criminal activity. It is a sad fact that a small number of those using the asylum system are coming here to try to do us harm. Among them was Emad Al Swealmeen, who detonated a bomb in Liverpool last November, fortunately killing no one but himself. If a Rwandan processing centre can help prevent a repeat of cases such as that, defeatpeople-traffickers and discourage economic migrants from abusing the system, it will have performed a vital function. To dismiss out of hand the idea of setting up a processing centre in Rwanda is a knee-jerk reaction to a policy which, if handled well, could help to make the asylum system work better for those in real need.  