Liverpool forward Mohamed Salah has been warned he risks tarnishing his Reds ‘legacy’ in a similar way to Fernando Torres by club icon Jamie Carragher. Salah is yet to extend his contract with the Premier League side beyond 2023, despite reports that an agreement is now close.    The Egyptian’s Liverpool contract expires in just over a year and fans are concerned that no new terms have yet been signed. Salah has said this week that it would be “selfish” to discuss a new deal with Jurgen Klopp’s side facing their biggest game of the top-flight season away at Manchester City. Salah has been long linked with a departure. Possible destinations have included La Liga giants Barcelona and Real Madrid. Nevertheless, former defender Carragher is confident the 29-year-old will eventually agree a new contract with Liverpool - and has warned the winger that he faces losing his legendary status if he moves on, especially to an English rival. Carragher made a comparison with Fernando Torres, who departed Liverpool for Chelsea in January 2011 and is not remembered especially well by fans of either club. JUST IN: Graeme Souness claims Tottenham 'got away with it' despite winning 4-0  “I still think Mo Salah will sign a new contract. Liverpool is the best place for him, he became a superstar at Liverpool and Jurgen Klopp brings out the best in him. It wouldn't be a sensible move for him to leave,” Carragher told Sky Sports. “The football he's playing now, he's playing for one of the best managers in the world, one of the best teams in the world, what he's done over the last five years makes him one of the best players to ever wear a Liverpool shirt. “I just think it would be sad if he were to move on, maybe to a rival in this country, he'd lose his legacy at Liverpool. You look at what happened to Fernando Torres going to Chelsea, and I just don't think it would be great for his career. Where could he go that's better than Liverpool right now?” DON'T MISS...Arsenal only have themselves to blame if Tottenham get fop fourDidi Hamann disagrees with Jurgen Klopp with sly dig at Pep GuardiolaGraeme Souness claims Tottenham 'got away with it' despite winning 4-0 Salah has become an iconic figure at Anfield, scoring 153 goals since his 2017 move from Roma. He has helped Klopp’s side win the Champions League, the Premier League and an EFL Cup. Asked if he is confident about signing a new contract, Salah told Sky this week: “I can't say yes and I can't say no. I've said many times before that's what I want. I can't go deep in the contract right now because it's a really sensitive situation. “For the team to win I can't just go on the news and talk about my contract. I just focus on the team and that's it. “I talk to the manager from time to time, I'm very professional. I'm not bothered about contract talks. I'm just focusing on the team and giving everything for the club.”   