Mikel Arteta has refused to explain Arsenal's reasoning for putting off talks over Alexandre Lacazette's future until the summer. Lacazette's contract at the Emirates expires at the end of the season. The Frenchman has scored just four Premier League goals this season and missed Saturday's loss at Southampton after testing positive for COVID-19. He could make a return to the squad for the trip to Chelsea on Wednesday. Lacazette's future was the main topic of discussion at Arteta's pre-match press conference on Tuesday. Asked why discussions will not be held until the summer, Arteta said there were a "few" reasons but he couldn't say what they were. He replied: "I cannot go into any detail but there are a few things there." Lacazette held an interview with Canal Plus recently where he stated he was in discussions with other clubs regarding a potential free transfer. Some Arsenal supporters were angry with the striker's comments but Arteta insisted he had no problem with it. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag may already have the perfect Paul Pogba replacement under his nose  Arteta said: "His contract situation allows him to make the decision about his future. We have expressed clearly our intention is to speak in the summer once we know where we are about what we're going to do in the future together. "For the rest, I just want him fully focussed on his duty which is to defend Arsenal in the best possible way, like he's done all the time he's been with us. That's why he's been wearing the armband at this football club. That's a big reason." He continued: "Well the contracts start and end with an expiry date that you have agreed on that date that you put the pen down. And then you have to be consequenced with that and that's the reality of the contract that he is, and the commitment and duty that he has with the football club. DON'T MISSTen Hag has already failed first Sir Alex Ferguson test ahead of Man Utd move [COMMENT]Real Madrid have a chance to sign a better striker than Mbappe and wound Barcelona [TRANSFERS]Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher tears into Man Utd over Cristiano Ronaldo - 'Embarrassing' [QUOTES]  "He doesn't need to tell me what he does in his own life. But he has, we've discussed that, he's entitled to do that and he has a duty to do his best here." Arteta was then pressed by the media over whether Arsenal may miss out on tying Lacazette down to a new deal by the time they do come round to have discussions. The ex-Gunners skipper admits that is the risk the club have taken. He said: "It's the agreement that we made with him. That was our position and our position remains the same and this is what we are going to do.  "The risk of [missing the boat] is always there in the moment that we made that decision and then it's up to him. This is not about us or him, it's about both parties. "First of all it's not about me, it's about we as a club, the decisions that we make with individuals, with the collective and how we plan things. We made that decision to understand better and have a clearer picture of what we want to do in the summer. That's what we decided."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here