Manchester United have already held talks over a deal to sign River Plate midfielder Enzo Fernandez, according to reports in South America. The Red Devils are believed to be tracking the 21-year-old's progress closely ahead of the summer transfer window when a move to Europe appears to be on the cards for the Argentine. Fernandez has enjoyed a dramatic rise to prominence from the River Plate youth teams via a loan spell with Defensa y Justicia, where he played under Hernan Crespo. Now he has quickly emerged as one of the brightest young talents in his homeland, sparking serious interest from overseas. According to journalist Cesar Luis Merlo of TyC Sports, United and Real Madrid have already held talks over a potential deal. There is no formal offer on the table as of yet though, meaning the race is well and truly open. READ MORE: Man Utd 'to rival Tottenham' for bargain Dean Henderson replacement on free transfer Fernandez's current release clause is believed to be worth around £16.6million, however, it's claimed that figure could soon rise to £20.8m. United have sent scouts to Argentine to watch their target up close and personal in the early hours of Thursday morning (UK time). River Plate are in Copa Libertadores action against Fortaleza, meaning this will be a good chance for United scouts to run the rule over the technician. Playing alongside Enzo Perez, Fernandez is a box-to-box all-action midfielder, who likes to stamp his authority on matches. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag wants to sign 'two of Ajax's best players' for Man Utd once named new managerArsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer after consulting BenficaBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star Gabriel Manchester City are also believed to be tracking the young star, whose stock is continuing to rise. The Premier League champions only recently completed the signing of Julian Alvarez from River with the Argentina international centre-forward set to join Pep Guardiola's squad this summer. Defensa president Diego Lemme, who signed Fernandez on loan last season, is not surprised to hear him being linked with Europe's elite. “When we brought him to Defensa we told him he was a player for Real Madrid," he told local press in Argentina. "I hope he can make it to Europe, he has more than enough talent.” United are expected to sign at least two central midfielders this summer with Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba among those who could leave the club at the end of the season. Kalvin Phillips, Declan Rice and Jude Bellingham are among the current crop of names under consideration. However, with Erik ten Hag expected to take over from Ralf Rangnick this summer, United will have further scope to sign young players, knowing their new manager has a proven track record nurturing top talent from his time at Ajax.