Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers has accused Raphael Varane of "using his experience" which led to a Foxes goal being disallowed. Leicester drew 1-1 at Manchester United on Saturday but Rodgers feels aggrieved not to have taken all three points. James Maddison scored in the 80th minute to put his side 2-1 ahead but for VAR to rule the goal out. Referee Andre Marriner was instructed to consult the pitchside monitor by the VAR official Michael Oliver. Kelechi Iheanacho was adjudged to have tripped Varane in the build up to the goal. And Rodgers says the Frenchman was smart in what he did. "Raphael Varane has used his experience, he gets the contact and goes down," Rodgers told Sky Sports. "There were opportunities for them to clear it but we were deserving of that. READ MORE: Man Utd can break a curse with Antony shirt number as ‘Erik ten Hag plots move’  "Every week we are seeing these types of actions, we felt we deserved to win the game." Maddison was also disappointed that his strike was chalked off. But he knew it was on the horizon when Marriner made his way to the side of the pitch. Maddison said: “The disallowed goal is one of them – you see them given and you see them not given. "I’m obviously going to be biased and say it’s not a foul. As soon as he goes over to the monitor you know. “I saw Varane go down. The way he went down I thought it was a twist injury. As soon as the referee went to the monitor I knew something was going to happen that was going to spoil my party." Iheanacho opened the scoring for Leicester before Fred quickly equalised for the hosts. Maddison was pleased with his side's showing even if they did not get all three points.  DON'T MISSMo Salah will do 'everything on his part' to join Barcelona as Liverpool issue 'threat' [GOSSIP]Man Utd will go against 'Ralf Rangnick's recommendation' if Erik ten Hag is snubbed [REPORT]Chelsea boss Tuchel 'did not have high expectations' as side battered by Brentford [INTERVIEW] He added: “The performance was good. We stamped our authority and we come away a little disappointed that we didn’t get three points. We could have got more from the game. "They scored so quickly after us, which got Old Trafford bouncing again and got them pushing as the home team. I thought we were dominant in the first half. "Sometimes you can almost feel in control even without the ball. They obviously played with Bruno [Fernandes] and [Paul] Pogba without a recognised striker. "They’ve got tricky players in wide areas, but I felt we were in control. We were actually the better team.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 