Liverpool moved a step closer to an unprecedented quadruple after they cantered to a 3-1 win over Benfica in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final. Goals from Ibrahima Konate, Sadio Mane and Luis Diaz ensures the Reds will welcome the Portuguese outfit to Anfield later this month with a healthy two-goal cushion. Jurgen Klopp's side are bidding to follow up February's Carabao Cup triumph with another European title - three years after he last guided the Reds to the famous jug-eared trophy. Liverpool are also firmly in the mix for the Premier League title and have an FA Cup semi-final date booked in against Manchester City later this month. It's a feat that has never been managed before in English football; and as much as Klopp continues to try and downplay the possibility of achieving the improbable, Liverpool look omnipotent right now. But their midweek triumph in Portugal was driven by an unlikely star, with Naby Keita picking the opportune moment to enjoy his finest game in a Reds shirt. The Guinean midfielder produced the type of elite, all-action display that Liverpool fans have been waiting for ever since his £52million switch from RB Leipzig was confirmed in the summer of 2017; a full year before he actually joined the club. READ MORE: Rangers fans warned of 20-point deduction after ugly Old Firm scenes against Celtic The 27-year-old led Liverpool's aggressive press from the first minute until the 89th, when he was withdrawn to a standing ovation. But Keita's marquee performance wasn't all blood and thunder - his silky assist to tee up Diaz to kill the match off was worthy of such an occasion. The onus is now Keita - who thrived alongside Thiago Alcantara and Fabinho in a new-look midfield unit - to sustain this level of performance going forward. He arrived at Anfield with lofty expectations; expectations that were probably heightened even further after the Anfield faithful were made to wait a full 12 months after his arrival was announced to actually see their then-club record signing in the flesh. But he's always had the scope to inspire Liverpool on the biggest stage - something that Jamie Carragher alluded to last season. He assessed Keita's adequate Anfield tenure, but issued a claim that he was still waiting for Keita to "explode"; a prediction that finally came to fruition in Portugal on Tuesday night. DON'T MISS...Rangnick 'has limited say' as Man Utd mull over Ten Hag or PochettinoMan City performed 'chess move' to coerce Man Utd into signing RonaldoGoater names two next Man City boss options that would annoy Arsenal He told Sky Sports back in February 2020: “This is the man who I’m still waiting to really explode and show Liverpool supporters what he is about. He’s a funny player you can watch a game and the perfect example was away against Norwich and I didn’t think he played particularly well, he didn’t have a terrible game, he was just ok. “Then you get all the stats come through about how many times he regained the ball, how many passes he made to people in the box, all these different stats that when you look at you think you’ve got a top player there. “He’s always top of those stats but when I watch a game, I don’t feel like I see that with my eyes. He’s got to stay fit, that’s a big thing for him, but there is still a role in central midfield to add more of an attacking thrust to Liverpool. That’s what he was brought in for and that’s what we need to see a lot more of.”