Ian Blackford was understandably frustrated as he voiced his thoughts on the emerging Rishi Sunak tax avoidance scandal. The SNP Leader for Westminster told Sky News the Chancellor and his wife have displayed a serious “lack of judgement,” in their effort to avoid tax on foreign income. Host Kay Burley responded to ask if the MP thought his opinion was “a teeny weeny bit sexist”. Burley defended Akshata Murty, Sunak’s wife, and said she was “perfectly entitled to do what she was doing.”    The MP maintained his harsh criticism of the Chancellor as he called Sunak’s actions a complete “failure of morality and ethics.” Blackford vehemently opposed Burley’s accusations of sexism as he stated “no, of course not, it's not about that.” The SNP representative explained: “the ministerial code makes it clear that the financials of your spouse are included in the declarations you should be making.” Therefore, Blackford remained adamant that the financial affairs of Murty, Sunak’s wife, remain highly relevant to the discussion of the Chancellor’s actions and rebuked Burley’s complaints of sexism. The Scottish MP criticised the Chancellor after it was revealed he holds a green card entitling him to residency in the United States. Blackford questioned the green card which essentially says Sunak can “live in the United States,” yet he is Chancellor of the Exchequer for the United Kingdom, “passing tax laws for the rest of us.” Rishi Sunak’s possession of a US green card has sparked debate as the permit would allow him to both live and work overseas. Blackford highlighted the “irony” of the Chancellors Brexit involvement, which withdrew EU workers rights for the UK, and his desire to maintain foreign working permits for himself. Read more: Rishi Sunak facing 'whole list of concerns' as Chancellor moves out of  The MP for Ross, Skye and Lochaber was certain the controversy surrounding his wife’s tax status and his own green card would have severe consequences for the Chancellor. “We are looking at a man that has no future as a potential prime minister,” claimed Blackford. He continued: “he and others in their leadership of the Tory party just don’t get it, they demonstrate it’s one rule for them and another rule for the rest of the public.” The revelations have come at a crucial time for the Chancellor as the UK struggles to cope with recent increases in the energy price cap and a rise in national insurance contributions. Don't miss:'Clock ticking!' Sunak under pressure to become different Chancellor [REVEAL]Is Keir suggesting Mrs Sunak trail behind husband? SIR CHARLES WALKER [EXPERT]Unwise to drop the pilot in the midst of a crisis [COMMENT]   Blackford demanded Murty pay back the UK tax she has avoided on foreign income. The MP estimates this to be somewhere around £2million as she received payouts from shares in her billionaire father’s company. The Scottish MP highlighted the struggles of the UK population as they are burdened with the financial demands of a “Tory living crisis.” Blackford also revealed, on top of avoiding millions in income tax, Murty would not be subjected to UK inheritance tax. He summarised, “quite frankly, Sunak, and those in the leadership of the Tory party, are treating us all as fools.”   