Everton manager Frank Lampard rued his side's lack of clinical finishing and mistakes as they fell to a worrying 3-2 defeat at Premier League relegation rivals Burnley on Wednesday. The Toffees lost a 2-1 lead at Turf Moor as Burnley moved just one point from safety with nine games left to play. Nathan Collins put Burnley ahead with a 12th-minute opener before a Richarlison brace from the penalty spot fired Everton into a 2-1 half-time lead. However, the visitors failed to hold onto their precious lead as Jay Rodriguez equalised near the hour mark before Maxwel Cornet produced a colossal winner five minutes from time. After full-time, Lampard looked dejected as he walked off the Turf Moor pitch deep in thought about the battle Everton face to maintain their Premier League status. And he later lamented his side's failure to be clinical when they had the lead and put Burnley's goals down to mistakes. He told Sky Sports: "Well, from 2-1, we should win the game, and win the game by more goals. So, we're not clinical enough on the numerous chances, counter attacks, all the time that we had in there half and getting in good areas and not being clinical enough. And at that point, you always leave the game open. And then we make mistakes for their goals." JUST IN: 5 things we learned as Benzema magic helps Real Madrid stun Chelsea  There have been suggestions that Everton face more pressure in the relegation because of their established status as a big Premier League club. However, Lampard views the Toffees no differently than their fellow strugglers and has urged his players to do the work rather than listen to analysis of their struggles. "The reality is what it is, so we're no different to Burnley, Watford, Norwich, Leeds or any of the teams around us. That's just where we are as a football club. So the players don't need to listen or read or get involved in anything other than turning up tomorrow, getting ready for Saturday and trying to get the right results to keep us in this league." READ MORE: Erik ten Hag's warning to Man Utd chief Richard Arnold after agreement  Everton must face Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester United and Leicester (twice) during their run-in, leading many to claim they are in serious trouble after defeat at Burnley. But Lampard has insisted it doesn't matter who his side face after registering their best display since he took charge against league leaders Manchester City. He concluded: "It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter who we play. One of our best performances was against Man City. Albeit for a decision, we would have got a point in that game. It's doesn't matter who, I wouldn't look at the fixture list and consider too much. You spend your day doing it, it doesn't matter. It's about what we do." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.