Viewers of CBS’ renowned procedural drama NCIS could soon witness Special Agent Park (played by Gary Cole) be rocked by the surprise arrival of his ex-wife. This revelation came after Deadline disclosed actress Teri Polo had landed a recurring role in the crime drama.  Alden Parker made his debut appearance on the series as a permanent member of the NCIS team in the episode titled ‘Nearly Departed.’ He took on the role as a Special Agent after Leroy Gibbs’ (Mark Harmon) unexpected departure in 2021. As Gibbs was such a beloved character among fans and was cherished by his team, Alden was initially accepted with apprehension. However, as the series continues viewers will soon get a huge glimpse into Parker’s past with the arrival of his ex-wife.  READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts Not much is known about Parker’s history, so the episode will undoubtedly be an eye-opening instalment for fans. Since taking on his new role, the agent had been very particular with the information he revealed about himself. However, in the episode titled ‘Thick as Thieves,’ Alden previously shared he had spent time in a juvenile detention centre as a youngster. While the NCIS team investigated the death of Petty Officer Danna Calley (Val Garrahan), Alden disclosed he was in juvie with the suspect’s uncle Billy Doyle (Kevin Chapman).  Despite this, more will soon be revealed about Alden’s history and his failed marriage to ex-wife Vivian Kolchak (Teri Polo). Deadline reported the actress will be one of the newest faces expected to appear on screens this season as Polo secured a recurring role on the show. As well as being Alden’s ex-wife, it was revealed she was also an FBI agent who had since left the role. The publication shared Kolchak had left the FBI as a result of her divorce from Alden and had since become a paranormal investigator with the Defence Department.  DON'T MISS...Carole Malone erupts in firey election debate over Partygate row [NEWS]NCIS: Why did Muse Watson leave NCIS as Mike Franks? [INSIGHT]NCIS LA fans praise hard-hitting Roundtree storyline [INSIGHT] Kolchak’s appearance will premiere during season 19’s finale episode and then she will return as a recurring character for the confirmed 20th season. Although it’s yet to be seen how and why the two will cross paths, viewers could gain insight into why they divorced. The special agent will likely be rocked by her arrival which could make him understand how the team felt when he was hired to replace Gibbs. This was something he even addressed, after noticing the tension he stated: “Hey look, I just want you to know that I know that this is weird, okay?  “I get it. But we gotta get past that so we can get this job done. And with a team like you, we’re gonna do it better than anyone.” Thankfully, viewers and the team have begun to warm to him, however, the actor confirmed his character was not Gibb’s replacement. Speaking to TV Insider he disclosed: “Part of my job description is to get comfortable, whatever that takes. I’m not trying to be Gibbs, the writers made that distinction.” The upcoming arrival of Kolchak could also fast track a new and personal storyline for Alden, who has otherwise had a slow introduction as a team member. NCIS season 19 airs Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 