On Wednesday, councillors in York unanimously voted to strip Prince Andrew of his Freedom of the City honour. City of York council members also called upon the Queen and the Government to remove his dukedom. Councillors discussed the motion of whether to remove Andrew’s Freedom of the City honour, which was awarded to him in 1987, for around a half-hour. The motion proposed by Liberal Democrat councillor Darryl Smalley was unanimously carried as only two council members abstained from the vote – the Lord Mayor and Lord Mayor-elect – while the rest voted in favour. Labour councillor Aisling Musson said she wanted Andrew’s peerage revoked in order to remove "this stain of an association with this city". She was among those calling on the Queen, Palace or Government to step in and strip him of the title if he refuses "to do the right thing" and resign. The rank of Duke and other peerages can only be removed by an Act of Parliament, a move which last occurred in 1917. A royal source claims the monarch would not be stripping Andrew of the peerage though. The Mirror quotes a source as saying: "The Queen certainly will not take any further action in that regard. "The Duke of York has stepped back from public life and already had a range of titles and associations removed and Her Majesty's position has not deviated from that." READ MORE: 'Prince Harry should lose titles like Andrew' claims royal author York Liberal Democrats, the largest group on City of York Council, said Andrew had been contacted by the local authority ahead of the meeting to inform him of the motion. Prince Andrew was given the ambassadorial title during a ceremony held in 1987. Councillors were told in the meeting that he is the first person ever to have the Freedom of the City removed. The honour is normally bestowed upon civilians or visiting celebrities or dignitaries, in recognition of their exceptional service to the City. While bearing the title is usually considered a major honour, it doesn't grant any special privileges. DON'T MISS Meghan tipped for political success as she's 'toast of Hollywood' [INSIGHT] William's university friends had to sign 'confidentiality agreements' [REVEAL] Queen is beautiful in blue dress and navy brooch today [PICTURES] Councillor Darryl Smalley, said: "The Honorary Freedom of York is the highest honour we, as a city, can bestow on those who represent the very best of York. "The honour is held by many notable and accomplished people who carry it with pride and responsibility. "Having been stripped of his military roles and royal patronages by the Queen, we believe that it is right to remove all links that Prince Andrew still has with our great city. "I was pleased to see councillors of all parties support this motion and make it clear that it is no longer appropriate for Prince Andrew to represent York and its residents. "The removal of this honorary title sends the right message that we as a city stand with victims of abuse. "The next logical step is now for Prince Andrew to do the right thing and relinquish his Duke of York title. If he fails to do so, the Government and Buckingham Palace must step in to remove his title to finally end Prince Andrew's connection to York." Two months prior to this meeting, Andrew reached an out of court settlement with Virginia Giuffre who had brought a sex abuse civil case against the Duke in the US. Andrew has vehemently denied Ms Giuffre’s allegations and the settlement is not an admission of guilt. The Duke’s lawyers had tried to get the case thrown out but residing Judge Lewis A. Kaplan refused. Amid the case, Buckingham Palace announced that all of Andrew’s military and royal patronages had been returned to the Queen. It was also announced that the Duke was defending the case as a "private citizen" and while he retains his HRH title he is unable to use it any official capacity.