NCIS's latest series has been one of the most memorable yet, thanks to a major change in casting. Nevertheless, the CBS drama must go on with some new faces who have continued to keep fans hooked. There isn't too much longer to go though with just one more episode to show before yet another season is over. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS. NCIS returned for another brand new episode on Monday, April 19, entitled Last Dance. This time around, the focus was on Agent Nick Torres (played by Wilmer Valderrama) who had to face the repercussions of his actions during an undercover operation he worked on years prior. Once again, viewers were left thrilled by the police procedural's penultimate episode, excited for the next instalment. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Jai Sharma exits as Kim Tate takes deadly revenge Unfortunately, NCIS won't be returning in its usual time slot as expected. NCIS won't be back on Monday, April 25, as many assumed it would be. Instead, the grand finale of NCIS season 19 will air on Monday, May 2, on CBS. So fans are going to have to wait an extra week for this last remaining instalment. Few to no details have come out on what it could be about but it will be called The Brat Pack. An official reason as to why the finale is being delayed hasn't been given. But it isn't uncommon for American dramas to have numerous hiatuses throughout a series airing. Due to the coronavirus pandemic causing issues with filming, season 19 is slightly shorter than previous series with just 19 episodes. DON'T MISS...Ukraine general forced to sit out war freed 'Banged up in Germany' [EXPLAINER]NCIS: Why did Maria Bello leave NCIS as Jack Sloane? [CAST]NCIS LA theory: Callen betrays Kilbride to unearth past [THEORY] This could have been another reason why the network decided to prolong the series airing. There is no need to be concerned regarding NCIS' future though. CBS has already confirmed that the police series would be back for a 20th series. Typically, NCIS returns around September each year so as long as there are no more delays in filming, then NCIS season 20 could begin then. NCIS series 19 will go down in the show's history as the season that saw Agent Leroy Gibbs leave. He had been the original veteran member of the team and a father figure to many of the agents who have come and gone. Gibbs left the job to stay in Alaska following an investigation but could he one day return? NCIS season 19's finale will air on Monday, May 2, on CBS in America. NCIS season 19 continues to air on Disney+ in the UK.