Thomas Tuchel has ordered Chelsea fans to bring their loudest voices to give the side their best chance of beating Real Madrid. The Chelsea boss was disappointed with the atmosphere at Stamford Bridge during the 4-1 defeat to Brentford on Saturday and said he wanted the crowd to be “better” for the first leg of the Champions League semi-final. “Do we need the Stamford Bridge crowd to help? Absolutely need it,” Tuchel said. “We need to be better on the pitch but we also need the crowd to be better. Everyone has to be on front foot for a big opponent on big occasions for the quarter-finals. “We normally have these atmospheres in evening games and big matches. In the Champions League matches they gave us a huge push in energy and atmosphere. We needed it. They were crucial in these games. Everyone needs to arrive tomorrow to support us.” The Chelsea manager made no attempt to hide the fact that the players need to be better too. “We had a day off which was necessary to digest Saturday’s result,” he said. “We talked about it but it was not a special team talk. It was a crucial loss and we absolutely did not like what happened. It was the exception to the rule. We were open and allowed ourselves to focus on this match which was needed.” Last year, a brave battle at the Bernabeu from Chelsea gave them a platform for the Champions League semi-final second leg win back at the Stamford Bridge with no fans allowed into the ground at all because of lockdown. But Tuchel is refusing to read anything whatsoever into that result - even to the extent of refusing to watch the video. “Last season has nothing to do with this game,” Tuchel added. “We looked at their last matches but not last year. We must bounce back from Saturday and play in the right way, the way we want to. “To be physical, intense and focussed. We need to be at our very best. We overcame Real last season but it has nothing to do with this game. It’s new coach and a new team.” That new coach is, of course, an old coach - former Blues boss Carlo Ancelotti. He missed the weekend game and press conference with Covid, but is still hoping to pass a PCR test and fly out ahead of the game. “I hope he still makes it,” Tuchel said. “It’s always much better to be there as a direct influence. What coaches love most is to be in the middle of the group and constantly communicating with words, a smile and a hug. It’s strange when it’s missing. He’s a big personality and it would be nice to have him on the sidelines in these games.”