CBS’s long-running procedural drama Law and Order SVU returned for another action-packed instalment, however it was a collection of behind the scenes images which caused a frenzy. In these images, the beloved Olivia Benson (Mariska Hargitay) appears to be getting intimately close to Elliot Stabler (Chris Meloni). Throughout the 23 years, Law and Order SVU has been on air on CBS fans have been longing to see Benson and Stabler spark a romance. It looks as though this could finally come to fruition after a fan page exposed some off-camera action between the two. In the snaps, the two may have been rehearsing for the upcoming episode as Meloni was holding some paper which looked like a script. The detectives also appear to gaze into each other's eyes, with Stabler tenderly touching Benson’s chin while she moves into close proximity to return the touch. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage The images caused a huge frenzy on Twitter, as fans were thrilled to not only see their favourite characters reunite but also see them a step closer to a relationship. @lalaaidan was in disbelief and wrote: ”BRO STOP F*****G PLAYING WITH ME FORREAL.” @tnhkannon exclaimed: “THEY ARE IN LOVE CERTIFIED F*****G SOULMATES.” @EOsburnbook added: “Mariska. Chris. Emotionally. I’m LOOSING MY DAMN MIND. okay? so I need you guys to stop. because ITS NOT THURSDAY NIGHT YET.” @Suchadaydreamer stated: “I am here for this!!” Whereas @Jackies65 suggested: “I think they’re just messing with fans….. Lol” As @Alisongust tweeted: “I could see that! And I agree that this episode is gonna be something big.” Both Benson and Stabler were introduced to viewers in the pilot episode which landed on screen in 1999. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes slams delays to clean energy ‘I’ll be dead’ [REACTION]Law and Order SVU season 23 finale date [INSIGHT]Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay mistook Chris Meloni when introduced [INSIGHT] While they had always flirted with each other, they never had the opportunity to take things any further as one of them was always in a relationship. However, any prospects of a romance were brought to a standstill when Stabler left the show after the season 12 finale, which left Benson heartbroken. He then returned in 2021 with his own spin-off Law and Order OC then reunited with Benson in season 22’s ninth episode. In an interview with Drew Barrymore, Hargitay also hinted her character was “working her way” back to Stabler after his return. She explained: “We’re trying to figure out what to do. He’s free, and I think he’s got eyes for me. “But Olivia Benson is hurt, he left me in the lurch for ten years. She’s frightened.” She confirmed: “The energy is there, Olivia’s been in love with him for many a year. And I think we are slowly finding our way back to it.” With the release of these behind the scenes photos, it looks as though viewers could see Benson and Stabler pursue a romantic relationship sooner rather than later. Law and Order: Special Victims Unit is available on NBC in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be announced.