No Time To Die left a massive gap in the James Bond mythos. Daniel Craig has now stepped down from playing the iconic British spy, but all eyes are on who will take over from the 54-year-old. The official announcement of the next James Bond will likely come by the end of the year, but at this point, the bookies are the best bet on who could take the title. A number of big actors are in the running to become James Bond in the coming months. Magneto star Michael Fassbender has an incredible 10/1 on claiming the spot from Ladbrokes. He is joined by James Norton, who also has a quietly strong chance. Peaky Blinders star Cillian Murphy is also around the same odds with 10/1 - however, he has previously claimed he is "flattered" to be in the conversation, but believes the next 007 should be "a woman". Coming in just ahead of this trio of stalwarts is Tom Hardy. Hardy, who is best known at the moment for starring in Venom, currently has a powerful 8/1 from Ladbrokes. The British actor has become a favourite with 007 fans at the moment - but he has confessed he will "not" talk about the possibility of becoming the next hero. Unfortunately, the actor's position has not changed in the Bond odds for some time. And, at the top of the board, is Regé-Jean Page, who is best known from Bridgerton. READ MORE: Sean Connery's wrist was broken in James Bond fight - it never healed The British-Zimbabwean actor has become a strong favourite in the 007 odds, and with good reason. Page is a young, well-trained, heartthrob that could easily shake up the James Bond role. And, with new 2/1 odds from Ladbrokes, he has better odds than ever. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said of these odds: "Regé-Jean Page is very much the one to beat in the race to replace Daniel Craig as 007." These slashed odds follow the first image from Netflix's new movie The Gray Man. DON'T MISS...Next James Bond: Michael Fassbender’s odds slashed by 80 per cent [NEWS]Sean Connery's wrist was broken in James Bond fight - it never healed [INSIGHT]Next James Bond: Tom Hardy struggles in 007 race - chances lost? [INFO] The Gray Man is the first Netflix film being directed by Joe and Anthony Russo, and has a star-studded cast. Not only does it include Ryan Gosling, Captain America star Chris Evans and Ana de Armas, but also Page. Page's only promotional photo has him in a suit looking dapper - but is he some sort of three-piece-clad secret agent? Of course, Page has not yet guaranteed the James Bond spot. Just behind him in the betting is Superman star, Henry Cavill. The British hunk currently has an impeccable 4/1 on becoming Bond next. And he certainly needs this win. In 2005 he went up against Craig in an audition for Casino Royale, but lost out on it for being "too chubby". Watch every James Bond film on Amazon Prime Video now.