Royal author Angela Levin believes it is unlikely the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will "toe the royal line" two years after officially stepping down as senior members of the Firm, a process that was dubbed Megxit at the time. Moreover, the expert issued a warning to the Queen amid claims Meghan and Prince Harry have been invited to join the Royal Family on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the long bank holiday weekend marking the Platinum Jubilee. Taking to Twitter, Ms Levin said: "I think the chance that H[arry] and M[eghan] will toe the royal line, having gone their own way for years, is pie in the sky. "Instead having them on the balcony will lose a lot of support from those who admire the Queen and senior royals." Ms Levin's take was welcomed by some of her followers, who declared they would not welcome the sight of Meghan and Harry on the iconic royal balcony during the celebrations for the monarch's 70th year on the throne. Twitter user @iamchica wrote: "I for one will lose respect to HM." Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here Responding to this message, another Twitter user, @CBrexiteer, wrote: "I cannot lose respect for the Queen but if they did appear it would deeply damage my support for having a monarchy." Another, @AudreyH43635557, tweeted: "They (RF) will go well down in my estimation if they’re invited." Finally, @samgrac79203530 claimed Meghan and Harry's presence on the palace balcony "will totally ruin the Jubilee celebrations for many of the UK people I fear". However, other Twitter users disagreed with Ms Levin's take on the effect the Sussexes' presence could have on the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. READ MORE: Queen's special wish to gather all royals during her Jubilee One, @ItsADiscussion, wrote: "They are part of the Queen's family." Another, @AnaMariadeCas14, said: "I understand what you are saying but I also understand the Queen's wishes. "Difficult, she has given so much to the country and has had these bumpy years. Sad." And @debmarshall2021 added: "Nothing really wrong with doing this for the Queen." Ms Levin's tweet comes amid reports it is the Queen's dearest wish to see her wider family reunited for the celebrations of the Platinum Jubilee. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex would have been invited to appear on the palace balcony and attend other family events such as the service of thanksgiving scheduled to take place at St Paul's Cathedral on June 3. However, as they are no longer working royals, they would not be allowed to take part in the Trooping the Colour parade or to play an active and central role in other events planned for the celebratory long weekend. The relationship between the Queen and the Sussexes has remained good even after they stepped down as working royals at the end of March 2020. Speaking to Oprah Winfrey last year, both Meghan and Harry revealed they keep in touch via phone and video calls with the sovereign. And last week, they travelled together to Windsor Castle for a private meeting with the 95-year old. Opening up on the reunion with his grandmother, Harry told the BBC on Monday: "She had plenty of messages for [the Invictus Games'] Team UK, which I have already passed on to most of them. "So, it was great to see her. I'm sure she would love to be here if she could." This marked the first time Meghan saw in person the sovereign over the past two years. Harry, on the other hand, travelled to Britain twice last year - first in April for the funeral of the Duke of Edinburgh and later in July to unveil the statue of Princess Diana commissioned by himself and William. The Sussexes stopped to visit the Queen while they were on their way to The Hague, where this year's edition of the Invictus Games is ongoing.