Although Netflix’s historical drama The Last Kingdom came to an end in March, the cast shared some interesting behind-the-scenes revelations about their characters. This includes Aldhelm star James Northcote who reflected on his character and revealed the hidden meaning behind Aldhelm’s costume in season five.  Viewers were first introduced to Aldhelm in season two as Lord Aethelred’s (played by Toby Regbo) trusted advisor and right-hand man. This soon changed when Aldhelm realised Lord Aethelred’s wife, Lady Aethelflaed (Millie Brady) was a better leader for Mercia and therefore he switched allegiance. However, throughout the series, his loyalty wasn’t the only thing to receive a major shake-up as viewers also noticed Aldhelm’s costumes had evolved. When the series shared first look images for season five, many fans had even taken to social media to share their thoughts on the character's clothing.  READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait Aldhelm star James Northcote also opened up about his character’s style evolution and revealed its hidden meaning. He stated: “Aldhelm has gone on quite a journey, and he starts season two quite kind of courtly. “He’s got his long robes, he’s got his little ruffs, and him and Aethelred are kind of dapper pair together. “It’s been really, really fun to grow into him as a character, and to grow into the costume.”  Reflecting on his character's costumes, the actor continued: “Every single designer every year has just added another layer. “This year has definitely got to be one of my favourite costumes. “Partly because through all the battles that Aldhelm has gone through, all the scars that he’s got, through all of the things that he’s experienced, for all of the people that he’s fought beside. “It feels like he’s just added another layer to him as a soldier and as a warrior, and he’s really become like a general this season.”  DON'T MISS...Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker 'should be replaced by Whoopi Goldberg' [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom's Eliza Butterworth shares peek at new role [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom's Millie Brady says she 'blagged' Aethelflaed stunts [INSIGHT] Northcote then went on to detail Aldhelm’s growth: “He’s confident, he knows how to command his men. “He knows how to be a right-hand man to Aethelflaed and be that part of governing that maybe she needs him to be and I think it really comes across in Howard Burdon’s costume. Speaking on the costume designer’s work, the 34-year-old remarked: “I love the black chainmail, I’m completely and utterly in love with it. “I think it’s so great and yet also, just the fact that we still have these little circular details that are from the first-ever fighting costume that Aldhelm ever wore.”  He added: “The thing that I think the costume brings to me so much is that Aldhelm has grown into a warrior, but he’s also grown into a knight. “In some ways, he’s slightly different to all of the badass incredible fighters that are in this show because he represents loyalty to somebody. “He represents service to somebody and he fights for somebody, always. “He doesn’t fight for himself even though he is a bit of a lone wolf, and he navigates his own way through this crazy world of The Last Kingdom.” “But in the end, he’s a knight in service to his lady and I really think that the costume this year has sort of solidified that, and I love it. I think it’s beautiful and I feel very proud to wear it,” Northcote concluded. The Last Kingdom is available on Netflix. 