Speaking to Dan Wootton on GB News, the former MEP coyly stated he “would never reveal any private conversation” with Mr Trump before admitting “he’s [Mr Trump] running”. The 45th President has hinted at another run for the White House in November 2024, after refusing to concede defeat when he lost to Joe Biden in 2020.  When asked by Mr Wootton about the possibility, Mr Farage replied: “I was at Mar-a-Lago 10 days ago, he [Mr Trump] was just in the best form I have ever seen him.” The show then cut to a clip of Mr Trump dancing at a rally, with Mr Farage commenting: “I mean look at him. “He’s looking fitter, healthier, sharper than I think I’ve ever seen him. “Now obviously he’s not going to say that he’s going to run again because that starts to start regulatory clocks going and financial clocks going and all the rest of it.  “I would never reveal any private conversation with the 45th President of the USA but I will say this - he’s running.” This comes as it was reported that incumbent President Joe Biden is also planning to run again in 2024 and has informed former President Barack Obama of his plans. According to The Guardian, one anonymous source close to President Biden claimed: “[Biden] wants to run and he’s clearly letting everyone know.”  READ MORE: Scholz allies demand Chancellor send tanks to 'defenceless' Ukraine If Mr Trump and President Biden were to face off in a repeat of the 2020 election, it would be a third attempt for both of them. The 46th President had short-lived runs for the Democratic candidacy in 1988 and 2008, before becoming Vice-President under the Obama administration. He was the oldest president ever to be inaugurated at the age of 78, and would be 82 at the beginning of his second term.  DON'T MISS:UK's trade deal with Indonesia improve military ties, says LIZ TRUSS [LATEST]Ann Widdecombe slams ‘loony left’ who practice ‘Stalinism’ [SPOTLIGHT]Russians in 'denial' over war crimes in Ukraine, recording suggests [INSIGHT] In December 2021, President Biden reportedly said that he would run again if he remained in good health. Since the beginning of his presidency, his approval ratings have plummeted in the face of the Russia-Ukraine crisis and rising inflation in the US. According to another source, President Biden believes “he’s the only one who can beat Trump”. 