Dominic Raab called for international powers, particularly across European nations, to unite in the fight against Vladimir Putin’s violent invasion of Russia. The Deputy Prime Minister explained, “all states are entitled to provide military support to any state exercising the right of lawful defence against an aggressive invasion.” The Tory minister called upon foreign powers to continue providing Ukraine with defensive weaponry and other essential supplies such as medicine. Mr Raab’s demands for unification arise amid threats against the United Kingdom from Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov. Speaking on Russian state television, Sergey Lavrov warned Western powers against supplying Ukraine with weapons and claimed any nation known to do so could risk becoming a “legitimate target” of a Russian attack. Dominic Raab condemned the comments of the Russian foriegn minister. He argued, “the Russian state is unlawful and what we’re doing is lawful.” The Deputy Prime Minister claimed “international laws are very clear on this,” as he defended the legitimacy of the UK provision of defensive weapons to Ukraine's military powers. Raab continued to advocate for “maximum solidarity with Ukraine” on a global level. The Deputy Prime Minister warned the continued aggressive statements of Russian officials could increasingly tarnish the international position of the country. “If Russia starts threatening other countries, it only adds further to their pariah status and will only further the solidarity of the international community that they must be stopped,” said Raab. In his statement, the Tory minister alluded to the increasing international isolation of the Russian state as Putin struggles to uphold his illusion of foreign support. By declaring supporters of Ukraine additional enemies of Russia, it appears Sergey Lavrov has only increased the international front against Russia and further highlighted the illogical strategy behind Putin’s attack. Read more: Ukraine LIVE: Russia threatens to bomb Britain in 'immediate' attack Mr Raab praised the actions of Prime Minister Boris Johnson in addressing the Ukraine crisis with the provision of foreign aid and the sanction of Russian estates. The Deputy Prime Minister predicted the longevity of the war in Ukraine and declared the defeat of Putin would require “strategic stamina and staying power.” He continued: “The Prime Minister is very conscious of that, so we keep ramping up the pressure on Putin through sanctions.” Speaking of the UK’s intervention in the crisis, Raab insisted: “we do the most we can to deter Putin’s behaviour.” Don't miss:Russian oil embargo has become ‘manageable’ in a matter of days [REVEAL]Liz Truss warns allies must ‘double down’ support to Ukraine [INSIGHT]Russian military losses 'will take years to rebuild' [REPORT] Throughout the attack on Ukraine, there have been allegations of Putin’s forces committing war crimes against civilians, particularly in the region of Bucha. The Justice Secretary added: “I spoke to the ICC prosecutor yesterday, we’re rallying countries to support the investigation.” The Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court has visited areas of Ukraine to investigate the nature of Russian aggression within the country and determine if international laws on conflict have been violated. Mr Raab said: “We want to see justice done for any war crimes. "We want to send a deterrent message now to those commanders in the field that if they commit war crimes, they’ll end up behind bars."