Manchester United chiefs have already drawn up a list of two problem areas for Erik ten Hag to strengthen in the summer transfer window, according to reports. The Red Devils are set to appoint the Ajax boss as Ralf Rangnick's permanent successor ahead of next season after he impressed club chiefs during his formal interview for the role towards the end of last month. Ten Hag will be tasked with steering United back into the Premier League's upper reaches and ending the club's five-year trophy drought upon his expected arrival at Old Trafford in the summer. It seems as though United have already started planning for the Dutchman's first transfer window at the helm by identifying three areas in desperate need of improvement before the first ball is kicked at the start of next season.United will be looking to recruit a new first-choice striker and not one, but two new central midfielders when the bidding opens in the summer, according to The Telegraph. It is claimed that the addition of a prolific forward will be at the top of the club's agenda in advance of next season, with Tottenham skipper Harry Kane said to be among the highest-profile names on their radar at present.The Red Devils will also go in search of two accomplished, high-energy midfielders in order to provide the likes of Fred and Scott McTominay with some additional competition for places in the engine room. Declan Rice is believed to be a long-term target and a move for the 23-year-old has been discussed ahead of the upcoming summer window, but club chiefs are said to be aware that a deal will be tricky to engineer as a result of West Ham's lucrative valuation of the England ace. JUST IN: Everton boss Frank Lampard reacts as relegation threat intensifies United have also been credited with a keen interest in Jude Bellingham, who has emerged as one of Europe's finest young midfielders during his time at Borussia Dortmund over the last few years. However, there is a feeling that he will not be allowed to join a new club this summer if Erling Haaland is granted a move away from Dortmund over the coming months.Meanwhile, the right-sided forward area is also said to have been identified as a position in need of improving, but to a lesser extent than in midfield and at the very top of the pitch. Ten Hag is expected to be given plenty of funds to use to his advantage in the summer market upon his arrival, even if United miss out on Champions League qualification before the end of the current campaign. It remains to be seen how United's summer window will eventually play out, with the Red Devils likely to spend big in order to freshen up their ranks as Ten Hag looks to usher in a new era of success at Old Trafford. The club splashed in excess of £120million on new blood last summer to bring in the likes of Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo but have little to show for their efforts in the market at present.United currently occupy seventh place in the Premier League table and sit three points adrift of fourth-placed Tottenham with just eight matches left to play. They will be hoping to win as many of their remaining games as possible over the coming weeks in order to book their place in next season's Champions League, with the lure of European football able to help them bring high-level reinforcements to the club over the summer months. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here