Countryfile presenter Julia Bradbury has taken to Instagram to bravely share the devastating moment she found out she needed a mastectomy after being diagnosed with breast cancer. The BBC star, 51, shared a teary clip of herself sitting in her dressing room in shock as she struggled to take in the news. Julia underwent a mastectomy in October last year and has since documented her recovery with her social media following. In view of her 203,000 followers, the presenter reflected on the shocking moment she was told the news. She wrote: "This is the moment I found out I had to have a mastectomy." "Utter shock, sadness & fear." READ MORE: Brooklyn Beckham and wife issue plea for Ukraine after £3m nuptials  Julia went on: "I've made a documentary for @itv about my #breastcancer experience to spread awareness, not just about cancer, but the impact a diagnosis has on a person & their family & friends. "My story continues & I'm so grateful for all the positives so far, but unless you've been here I think it's very hard to understand the impact." The BBC presenter went on to detail the "huge physical toll" that her treatment has had on her. She added: "Yes, survival rates are improving, but the treatments are brutal: Having breasts amputated, chemotherapy, long term drugs that make you feel sick & fatigued... "These can all save or prolong your life - but the emotional & physical toll is huge. "I will say to anyone who's just been diagnosed & told a mastectomy is part of their treatment, I felt utterly bewildered before my op, but the relief post-op was huge. "I think not fully understanding what this means is a key part of the fear," she wrote. The star went on to urge her followers to check their breasts for lumps, explaining that scans didn't detect hers. DON'T MISS... Simon Cowell, 62, unrecognisable at Kids Choice Awards [INSIGHT]Brian May inundated with support after apologising for 'silence' [ANALYSIS]Amanda Owen shares sad news at Ravenseat as lamb dies [UPDATE] Julia explained: "Check yourself... I discovered a lump but had two mammograms that didn't reveal my lump as cancerous due to my dense breasts. "Be body aware & trust your instincts. "Sending healing thoughts & gratitude for all the support I've had. "I'll let you know when the doc is airing," she signed off. Last October, the star had her left breast removed along with a sex centimetre tumour. Addressing her recovery from the operation, Julia shared a video of herself going for a morning stroll in the sunshine. She told fans: "I'm not pushing it (I'm under doctor's orders to take it easy) but I need the outdoor time for my mental health too. "Exercise helps fight cancer & can help with recovery too. The required dose of exercise isn't the same for all cancers," she added, before finishing by saying that she was now enjoying walks in her garden.