The Prime Minister said no denial or disinformation from the Kremlin can conceal that Russian President Vladimir Putin is desperate and his invasion is failing. In a statement, Mr Johnson said the UK is stepping up its sanctions and military support as well as bolstering humanitarian help for those on the ground.  The Prime Minister added: "The UK has been at the forefront of supporting the International Criminal Court's (ICC) investigation into atrocities committed in Ukraine. "The Justice Secretary has authorised additional financial support and the deployment of specialist investigators - we will not rest until justice is served." This is understood to refer to support for the International Criminal Court's (ICC) investigation announced last week. The Ministry of Justice said on March 24 that an extra £1million in funding would be provided and soldiers with military expertise would be assigned to the ICC to help uncover evidence.  It added that Scotland Yard's War Crimes Team would also be mobilised to help with the investigation. Russia's defence ministry has denied accusations of Russian troops killing civilians in Bucha. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said indiscriminate attacks by Russian forces against innocent civilians in Irpin and Bucha must be investigated as war crimes. She said the UK would "not rest" until those responsible for "atrocities" in Ukraine had faced justice, adding that Russia would not be allowed to cover up its involvement through "cynical disinformation".  READ MORE ABOUT BRITAIN BRACING FOR A -6C ARCTIC BLAST Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky's spokesman Sergey Nikiforov said authorities in the country found what looked exactly like war crimes, including the bodies of executed civilians and mass graves. Mr Nikiforov told the BBC's Sunday Morning programme the scenes discovered in once occupied territories such as Bucha were really hard to describe. He said: "We found mass graves. We found people with their hands and with their legs tied up... and with shots, bullet holes, in the back of their head. "They were clearly civilians and they were executed. We found half-burned bodies as if somebody tried to hide their crimes but they didn't have enough time to do it properly."  DON'T MISS: £33m-winning family face almost 50 objections for Hollywood mansion [REVEALED] Royal LIVE: Andrew's 'tone deaf' statement 'not seen by Queen' [LATEST] Queen put foot down in stern warning to Prince Charles and William [REPORT] Mr Zelensky also accused Russia on Sunday of committing genocide in his country. Speaking through a translator, he told CBS: "Indeed, this is genocide. The elimination of the whole nation and the people. "We are the citizens of Ukraine and we don't want to be subdued to the policy of Russian Federation. This is the reason we are being destroyed and exterminated." His remarks came a day after Ukrainian forces moved into the town of Bucha near Kyiv and found what officials and witnesses said were the bodies civilians killed by Russian forces.  Asked whether Putin would be held accountable, Mr Zelensky said others also shared the blame. He added: "I think all the military commanders, everyone who gave instructions and orders should be punished adequately." Asked what constituted adequate punishment, he said: "When we find people with hands tied behind their back and decapitated ... I don't know what law or what imprisonment term would be adequate for this." Bucha's mayor, Anatoliy Fedoruk, said 300 residents had been killed during a month-long occupation by the Russian army.  Ukraine's Prosecutor General Iryna Venediktova said prosecutors investigating possible war crimes by Russia had found 410 bodies in towns near Kyiv. In its statement, the Russian defence ministry said that during the time Russian armed forces were in control of Bucha not a single resident suffered any "violent actions". It added that before Russian troops withdrew on March 30 they delivered 452 tons of humanitarian aid to civilians around the Kyiv region. The ministry said: "For the entire time that the city was under the control of the Russian armed forces, and afterwards, until today, in Bucha, local residents freely moved around the city and used cellular communications." 