Michelle Flower, 41, came out in "sunburn-like" symptoms, with a "stinging" sensation, "sore" face and "cuts" and "cracks" in her lips shortly after having her Covid booster. She claims her GP believes she has suffered a rare side-effect of the jab. Michelle says she is not an anti-vaxxer and is adamant vaccinations are an important part of public health strategy but, after her reaction to the jab, she is keen to make people aware of the horrendous pain she is now in. But the NHS says on its website serious allergic reactions to the COVID-19 vaccines are very rare and usually occur within minutes. Michelle began suffering from a painful skin condition two weeks after her booster in January, and is still enduring great pain. "I've been crying in pain. I haven't slept for days," she told Yorkshire Live. "This has been happening since two weeks after I had the Pfizer booster. "I've been prescribed steroids but every time I come off them this is what happens. It's like the worst sunburn you have ever imagined. "The only thing I have found to ease the pain is a cream, which gives me about 20 minutes of respite. "GPs don't know about this new side effect of the jab." She said the condition has made her "look like I've aged 20 years in three days." The woman was initially diagnosed with urticaria (hives) and was prescribed steroids from her GP to treat it. Michelle completed the course of steroids but once she finished the same symptoms reoccurred, with this same process repeating five times. Now she claims her immune system has been permanently damaged as a result of the jab as she has become dependent on steroids. Following weeks of pain and hours sat in A&E, Michelle researched her symptoms and claims she has been wrongly diagnosed. After speaking with a friend, whose mum allegedly had the same reactions to the Pfizer jab, Michelle has self-diagnosed herself with Dermatomyositis (DM), which is otherwise known as Butterfly Eyes. Michelle, of Sheffield, South Yorkshire, claims DM is a rare side effect of the Covid jab and alleges the symptoms are very similar to urticaria. She is now urging people to be aware of DM so they do not endure the same pain she is currently suffering. After battling to see a doctor, she claims her GP was not aware of DM and is now sending her for an urgent skin biopsy to confirm the "rare" condition with a specialist. Michelle added: "It's like having really, really bad sunburn. My face is burning and stinging. I have the sorest lips in the world - it's like having cold sores forming and opening on your lips. "I have hives on my neck and psoriasis in the folds on my arms. All my joints and fingers are in pain - the doctors told me it was because I was outside too much, but they've swelled up. Its not normal. I have felt so desperate. "It's the pain that's the worst, the effects of this are a killer in so many ways. It affects your mental health and I had to drive myself back from hospital after three days of no sleep. I could have had a crash. "Despite this happening I'm not anti-vax; but people need to be aware that there are serious side effects that are affecting people."    Reactions to the Covid booster jab are extremely rare. The NHS says people may experience blurred vision, sickness, problems speaking, weakness and a headache after the vaccine, but these side-effects usually disappear quickly. Nearly 39 million people in the UK have had their booster - that's roughly 58% of the population.