Saturday Kitchen's Matt Tebbutt entertains BBC viewers every weekend with his morning cooking show. Before the programme gets underway, onlookers are often treated to humorous quips and witty retorts between Matt and BBC Breakfast host Naga Munchetty. The pair are often seen by viewers batting jokes back and forth ahead of the show starting at 10am. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk from The Ideal Home Show, Matt said he enjoys jibing with the breakfast presenter. On her direct tone and wit, he said: "That's her style of humour, I love it, I really do. Read More: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the village as clue dropped Speaking to Express.co.uk, he added: "Sometimes I think people can think 'Oh my god, what are they doing?' "Because they can look like they are having a 'go at each other'. "But I like that, she likes that, and that's why it works so well. She is fab." He went on to add: ""She's got this particular form of banter - I love her sort of sharp tone. "I love that she doesn't take any c**p, basically." When Charlie Stayt and Naga appeared on the cooking show in February last year, they immediately slotted into a comic flow of jabs and quips. Matt's opening question was: “You’ve had a tough year, to read for three and a half to four hours a day, reading that news, it’s pretty hard going. "How do you get away from that?” DON’T MISS…'No room for mistakes' Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [LATEST]Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? [LATEST]Laura Kuenssberg replaces Andrew Marr on Sunday Morning show 'It's an honour' [LATEST] Charlie replied: “You’ve really brought the tone down, haven’t you? "I thought it was going to be something like ‘What’s it like getting up early in the morning?’” Naga addressed viewers: “For everyone who has turned off from the news and kind of wanted a bit of relaxation, don’t tune in to Saturday Kitchen, it’s just not worth it." The star also told Express.co.uk when he is not in the kitchen he likes to go for long walks and "escape." He said: "I walk a lot. I try to go out every day for a good 10 miles or so around the hills." Sometimes he likes to leave his phone at home and get lost, adding: "I like escaping." The Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest, the world's longest-running home and interiors exhibition, will return to Olympia London next spring from March 17 to April 2, 2023. For more information and tickets, please visit idealhomeshow.co.uk. Saturday Kitchen airs on BBC One on Saturdays  