Janine Butcher (played by Charlie Brooks) set her sights on Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) the moment she walked through the Queen Vic’s doors during her latest stint in EastEnders. After months of pining after the landlord, Mick admitted he had feelings for Janine too but could their romance be a ploy so the stalwart can gain control of the Walford pub? In Thursday’s instalment of the BBC soap, Janine persuaded Mick to tell Linda he had moved on. The pub landlord was hesitant at first but was soon convinced to get his new romance out in the open. Janine suggested: “Maybe we should break the news and run. We could get a little hotel somewhere maybe the Cotswolds, do some shopping, a glass of wine, some dinner.” “You could nurse my black eye, feed me some valium,” Mick joked and Janine hit back: “[Linda] can’t keep kicking off.” “She’s got to burn out at some point and the bottom line is she hasn’t got a leg to stand on.” Read more: EastEnders theory: Ollie Carter kidnapped as Linda punishes Mick “You’re already getting divorced and the way she’s treated you, is it really that big of a deal that me and you are dating?” Janine asked before Mick kissed his new lover in full view of the Queen Vic punters. Shirley had walked in on Mick and Janine kissing at the start of the episode but she uncharacteristically hadn’t passed judgement. After telling Linda the truth, Mick, Janine and Ollie left Walford to spend a couple of days away from the square. Shirley told Nancy Carter (Maddy Hill) her motivation behind avoiding criticising the new couple. She explained: “Your dad is going through a mid-life crisis, we don’t want to push him closer to the bunny boiler.” “Oh, good thinking,” Nancy replied and Shirley added: “If I approve, the romance stops.” EastEnders fans are concerned Mick will get hurt suggesting Janine is only interested in him to get her hands on the pub. @mikepriestley13 tweeted: “This Mick and Janine storyline is cringy.. Janine will get the pub somehow and that’s how Mick will leave #EastEnders.” @countryrambles agreed: “Am I the only one that thinks Janine is just after the Vic? #Eastenders #tvtime #Television.” “If this isn't all about the Vic for Janine then they really have f****d up her return. Mick is not worth it. #EastEnders,” @josephfelldown remarked. “You’re already getting divorced and the way she’s treated you, is it really that big of a deal that me and you are dating?” Janine asked before Mick kissed her new lover in full view of the Queen Vic punters. Shirley had walked in on Mick and Janine kissing at the start of the episode but she uncharacteristically hadn’t passed judgement. After telling Linda the truth, Mick, Janine and Ollie left Walford to spend a couple of days away from the square. Shirley told Nancy Carter (Maddy Hill) her motivation behind avoiding criticising the new couple. She explained: “Your dad is going through a mid-life crisis, we don’t want to push him closer to the bunny boiler.” DON'T MISSEastEnders’ Diane Parish says it’s tough on set after June Brown death [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Jean Slater in danger after fleeing Walford? [THEORY]Denise Van Outen shares advice from June Brown in touching tribute [INTERVIEW] “Oh, good thinking,” Nancy replied and Shirley added: “If I approve, the romance stops.” EastEnders fans are concerned Mick will get hurt suggesting Janine is only interested in him to get her hands on the pub. @mikepriestley13 tweeted: “This Mick and Janine storyline is cringy.. Janine will get the pub somehow and that’s how Mick will leave #EastEnders.” @countryrambles agreed: “Am I the only one that thinks Janine is just after the Vic? #Eastenders #tvtime #Television.” “If this isn't all about the Vic for Janine then they really have f****d up her return. Mick is not worth it. #EastEnders,” @josephfelldown remarked. @KWALKER____ added: “She’s just after the Vic ain’t she  #Janine #EastEnders.” “I have a nasty feeling Janine will play a hand in Mick's exit and will end up taking the Vic from under his nose, I just can't stand her. #EastEnders,” @kakra68 suggested. @NatSutton92 commented: “Janine doesn't want Mick, she wants the Vic. I guarantee it. #EastEnders.” EastEnders confirmed earlier this year Danny Dyer will exit the soap as pub landlord Mick. Janine persuaded Mick to give her a job by telling him she had spent her childhood growing up behind the bar. Fans of the BBC soap will know Janine is most often motivated by money and personal gain. If Mick decides he needs some space away from Walford, he could trust Janine to look after the pub for him and keep a roof over his family’s head. Although the Carters don’t like Janine, they wouldn’t want Linda, a relapsed alcoholic, to get her hands on the Queen Vic either. In a bid to prevent Mick pushing himself away from the family, could the Carters agree to Janine taking control when the father-of-five leaves Walford? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.