In a joint statement, the Home Secretary and Rwandan foreign minister Vincent Biruta have hit back at critics of the scheme saying: "We are taking bold and innovative steps and it's surprising that those institutions that criticise the plans fail to offer their own solutions." They added that allowing the current humanitarian crisis to continue is "no longer an option". However, deputy leader of the Reclaim Party, Martin Daubney has accused the BBC of being biased because they "don't like" the proposal, over the picture used to accompany the article. Mr Daubney said: "Picture selection is key, and this picture of Priti Patel has specifically been selected by the totally impartial BBC because they don’t like the government’s Rwanda proposal. They don’t even try to hide their bias, in the name of triggering clicks." Others agreed with the former MEP for West Midlands. @BennyBongoP3fan replied: "Spot on I noticed it too. They do the same with Boris, with his hand on his head nearly all the time". @TeaJunki1 said: "Is it even possible to find one of her not smirking? It is what she's known for". The scheme has been met with a host of criticism, including from the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby who deemed the plans "the opposite of the nature of God who himself took responsibility for our failures". He accused the UK of "subcontracting out our responsibilities" by sending migrants thousands of miles away. Under the plans, Priti Patel has pledged to send migrants who arrive in the UK to Rwanda. The deal is expected to be finalised on Thursday for a trial scheme that would see those who come to the UK illegally, flown to the African country to have their asylum claims processed. An initial £120 million is expected to be given to the Rwandan government for the trial scheme. Following heavy criticism, Ms Patel even challenged her opponents to come up with a better scheme to tackle "illegal" migrant crossings. READ MORE: Nicola Sturgeon news: Police officers speak to First Minister after she broke Covid rules | Politics | News | Express.co.uk Shadow policing minister Sarah Jones said it is "madness" to expect migrants to stay in Rwanda after they try to reach the UK. She claimed the Government is merely "moving" the people-smuggling problem rather than "fixing" it. Veteran Tory MP Sir Roger Gale said he is "gravely concerned" about the policy. DON'T MISS: Nicola Sturgeon reported to police over face mask breach video - 'Blatant hypocrisy!' | Politics | News | Express.co.ukUkraine LIVE: Putin dealt devastating blow as 200,000 to lose jobs as economy in freefall | World | News | Express.co.ukBoris Johnson seeking £28bn trade deal on a first time trip to India | Politics | News | Express.co.uk Sir Roger said he does not have a "bright idea" for an alternative but there must be an "international solution" to the problem. "My personal view is that this is a superficial scheme that almost certainly won't get off the ground," he said. He added: "There was a time when we used to ship our waste to other countries - China and all sorts of places, I think - for processing. I mean, literally our garbage."It's almost like that - well, we don't want this problem, so we'll pay somebody else to deal with it."  The BBC declined to comment.