In the UK and abroad, royal engagement rings are always a source of great interest to the public. Several royal engagements have been announced in Sweden in recent years, but no two engagements rings have been the same. Here are Princess Sofia, Crown Princess Victoria and Princess Madeleine's engagement rings ranked in value, according to a jewellery expert. The Swedish engagement ring with the lowest value out of the three belongs to Princess Sofia, Duchess of Värmland. King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia's second child, Prince Carl Philip, announced his engagement to former model Sofia Hellqvist in 2014. Maxwell Stone, Creative Director at Steven Stone, said: “Sofia’s opulent engagement ring is set on a double-diamond band. "It has a brilliant centre diamond surrounded by a halo of lesser diamonds. It is simple and understated, yet at the same time it breaks royal tradition, making it stand out from the crowd." In terms of value, Mr Stone explained: "We think a ring like this would be worth around £10,000.” READ MORE: Royal Family: William & Kate 'overwhelmed by remorse' after tour  The heir to Sweden's throne, Crown Princess Victoria, announced her engagement to personal trainer Daniel Westling in 2009. Victoria debuted a classically stunning diamond engagement ring that she is often still pictured wearing 12 years after her wedding. Mr Stone said: “If I were to estimate, I’d have to say the solitaire is between two and three carats and no doubt of excellent quality. "It is set perfectly on a white gold band, with a design that’s classic, timeless, and sophisticated." According to the jewellery expert, the stunning gem could be worth a six-figure sum. Mr Stone added: "This ring is probably worth around £75,000 to £100,000.”  The youngest of King Carl XVI Gustaf's children, Princess Madeleine, called off her first engagement to lawyer Jonas Bergström in 2010. But royal fans were delighted when her engagement to her now-husband, financier Christopher O'Neill, was announced in 2012. Zack Stone, Managing Director at Steven Stone, explained: “This gorgeous ring features a four-carat Asscher cut stone. "Pippa Middleton also chose an Asscher cut stone for her engagement ring, and it’s becoming increasingly popular with both royals and celebrities, as not only is it unique, but it has a rich history behind it. DON'T MISS:Inside Princess Charlotte's 'fantastic friendship' with Beatrice [INSIGHT]How Queen intervened to stop Princess Charlotte from being a 'Lady' [ANALYSIS]The touching meaning behind flowers at Prince Philip's memorial [PICTURES]  “The Asscher cut was invented in 1902 by Joseph Asscher, the artisan diamond cutter who founded the Royal Asscher Diamond Company. "It was the first patented diamond cut, protecting it from replication from other companies. The Asscher cut was a staple of Art Deco jewellery, with its straight lines and brilliance making it perfect for the movement." Asscher cut diamonds are known for being incredibly expensive and rare, which would explain why Princess Madeleine's ring ranks as the most expensive out of the three rings. Mr Stone added: “Bearing all this in mind, it’s likely that Princess Madeleine’s engagement ring is worth around £150,000.” 