Georgia's Parliament Speaker Shalva Papuashvili, along with a Georgian parliamentary delegation, travelled to Kyiv to meet with his Ukrainian counterpart, Ruslan Stefanchuk, this weekend. There, Mr Papuashvili denounced Russia's military aggression in Ukraine, describing the country's efforts to protect itself as “a prime example of virtue and boldness.” At a joint briefing, Mr Stefanchuk said the pair had discussed a number of issues related to "Georgia's accession to a strong global sanctions policy against the Russian Federation," as well as a "joint movement towards the European integration prospects". Since the outbreak of war, Georgia has done exactly what it said it would not and accelerated its EU membership application, as well as reasserted its desire to join NATO, both in the face of a potential future Russian invasion. While the country has confirmed its unity with Ukraine in the face of Russian aggression, there are numerous "Kremlin enablers" operating at the fringes of Georgian society, according to Natia Seskuria, an associate fellow at the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI). She said there were many Georgian political outfits, individuals and media that pumped-out pro-Kremlin lines into civil and political discourse with a view to turning the tide of opinion against Georgia's pro-western aspirations and back to Moscow. Ms Sesukria told Express.co.uk: "The Kremlin enablers operating in Georgia are the most concerning thing for the country right now. "We all know who these people are: they are in some cases political parties and in others some media representatives who are spreading Russian disinformation. "The war in Ukraine shows how proactive they've become in Georgia. "Just a couple of months ago we saw a political party in Georgia advocating directly in favour of Russian military bases being placed on Georgian territory and Georgia restoring its links with Russia and denouncing its NATO membership ambitions." She said pro-Kremlin figures had also jumped on the Ukraine war in an attempt to scare Georgians into believing that a conflict may occur should their government continue to pursue EU and NATO membership. JUST IN: Putin ally Vladislav Avayev found dead in his Moscow apartment She continued: "There's also a certain speculation about the current situation in Ukraine and what these so-called Kremlin enablers are doing is to scare people and to point at Ukraine and say that is what NATO aspirations bring. "There is a huge propaganda mission going on which hasn't only recently started, but now they actually use Ukraine as an example to scare the population." While Georgia has not had any formal diplomatic relations with Russia since 2008 — when Moscow invaded the disputed territories of South Ossetia and Abkhazia — the country has long been accused of steering towards a pro-Russia bias. In 2019, Georgian opposition politicians got the chance to speak on the world stage at the Batumi International Conference, and accused the Georgia Dream–led government of being at the command of a pro-Russian oligarch, Bidzina Ivanishvili, the party's founder. Giorgi Baramidze, from the opposition United National Movement (UNM), said Georgia was "in a deep crisis in terms of democracy”. DON'T MISS Putin's nightmare exposed as thousands of Russians flee  [REPORT] Andrew Neil brands German coalition split over Ukraine weapons strange [INSIGHT] Russia retreat from Kyiv captured by stolen AirPods [ANALYSIS] Speaking to Euractiv, he added: "A pro-Russian oligarch owns this country. He owns this country as a business project. "He is doing it informally because he doesn’t hold any public position. But everybody in Georgia knows that he controls the majority of the parliament, subsequently the government, as well as the judiciary." The Alliance of Patriots of Georgia, another political party, was accused in 2020 of being directly funded by the Kremlin, according to the Dossier Centre, a London-based organisation owned by the exiled former oil baron Mikhail Khodorkovsky. It added that Russia was also responsible for handling its election campaigns. The party is one of Georgia's most Russian-friendly outfits, with a former leader, Emzar Kvitsiani, previously admitting to working with Russian special services, purposefully making false, erroneous and propagandistic statements on their behalf. While pro-Russian activity is present in Georgia, public opinion currently appears to be successfully swinging political opinion away from the Kremlin and towards the West. Last month, a day after Ukraine made its formal application for EU membership, Georgia responded to the pressure of overwhelming public protests and made its own request, along with Moldova. By signing the formal application for EU membership, Georgian Prime Minister Irakli Garibashvili moved up the original timetable, under which Georgia’s application for EU membership would start in 2024. Just two days before, the chair of the ruling Georgian Dream party, Irakli Kobakhidze, had told journalists that speeding up Georgia's application to the EU "could be counterproductive because we have to satisfy certain terms over the [next] two years”. The Georgian government had also previously announced that it would not join international voices calling for sanctions against Russia. But following the nightly protests where tens of thousands of people spilled onto Tbilisi's streets, Mr Garibashvili lapsed on his hesitancy to fully condemn Putin and made clear Georgia's anti-war stance. And while the Dream party has been widely criticised for presiding over corruption, democratic backsliding and harbouring sympathy for Russian policies, the war in Ukraine may, at least for the time being, change that.