Tracy (played by Kate Ford) was left horrified earlier this year on Coronation Street when her daughter, Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney) landed up in hospital after her drink was supposedly spiked in a club. Little does she know, Max Turner (Paddy Bever) was actually behind the attack as he meant for the substance to be drunk by Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard). In the latest episode of the ITV soap, the school teacher threatened to expose the teenager's secret after agreeing to keep it but in telling the world, he could put himself in the line of fire when it comes to his sister getting revenge. Although Tracy wasn't directly involved in the drama in Monday's instalment, she was dragged into it when Daniel had an argument with Max and his stepfather, David Platt (Jack P Shepherd). This came as the school teacher had spent the episode trying to help Nicky Wheatley (Kimberley Hart Simpson), whose life had been ruined by Max. The teenager had circulated images of her online from her days as a sex worker, leading to the mother of one being sacked from the school. Feeling pity for her, Daniel decided to take her in and invite her and her daughter to come to live with him in his flat above the corner shop. However, Daniel felt Max needed to be punished for what he did and told David in no uncertain terms his stepson was out of control. READ MORE: Casualty theory: Dylan Keogh's secret rumbled in affair twist "Nicky is living on benefits thanks to your son," Daniel told David, adding: "He shouldn't even be on those sites. He's not 18." With the teenager joining the conversation at the end of the episode, Daniel remarked: "Another triumph, Max. The Gazette has found out. "There is already an article online. You should read some of the nasty comments," he continued, with David replying: "If she's being cancelled, your lot started it. "Lefties," he continued, with the school teaching asking the father of two if he was really that stupid, just adding fuel to the fire. "The comments are quite funny," Max remarked, with Daniel telling him: "Yes, to you and your mates but she's had to vacate her flat with her five-year-old kid." "If you're 15-years-old, yes, and you find out one of your teachers is an ex-prostitute, you're going to share it with your mates," David hit back. Chirping in, Max said: "She's basically a liar. She lied about her previous job history. I wouldn't want to be taught by a liar." "I'm getting really sick and tired of you," the father of one bit back, with David telling him he couldn't speak to Max like that. "All the trouble you've caused, why can you not just behave?" the school teacher remarked, telling him: "If you put as much effort into causing trouble into your work, you'd probably be a child prodigy." Finally losing it, the school teacher asked his student: "Why am I keeping your secret? My niece deserves to know who spiked her." DON'T MISS...Corrie’s Bill Roache admits he ‘really fancied’ Queen when they met [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten posts health update after hospital rush [COMMENT]Rula Lenska health: Star, 74, on the 'difficulty' of hearing loss [COMMENT] Defending his stepson, David said: "Well, sitting on that was your idea," but Daniel completely ignored what he was saying. "How about you face the consequences for once in your life, Max?" the school teacher asked, but David reminded him what he had to lose. "What if Amy finds out you stayed quiet? Not to mention Tracy. I wouldn't stand near any ornaments," he remarked, hinting at Tracy's murderous past. Although this could have been a passing comment, it could be a tease about how Tracy will get her revenge when she discovers the truth. Of course, she will want to go after Max but she will be furious her own brother betrayed her and knew the secret the whole time. Having killed Charlie Stubbs (Bill Ward) with an ornament in 2007, history could repeat itself if she confronts Daniel about why he didn't tell her about Max. Although she might not mean to, in the heat of the moment, she could grab the closest thing to her and whack him around the head. As she wouldn't be able to hide the body, she would have to face the scrutiny of a full police investigation and this is where she could lie through her teeth. Tracy could claw she was acting in self-defence as she felt threatened by Daniel, who had already been keeping secrets. With no choice left, Tracy would have felt she had to kill him to stop him from murdering her in cold blood. However, will the cobbles vixen get away with murder or will she have to face the consequences of her actions in court? Although David warned Daniel about his sister, he didn't seem to care as the school teacher wanted Max to learn a lesson. "It's the right thing to do," he commented, knowing full well this would lead to the police arresting the teenager for the crime. "Either you tell her or I will," Daniel said before walking off but could Max's confession result in his untimely death? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.