Prince Harry challenged a decision from the Home Office to remove the royal level of security he and his family would receive whilst in the United Kingdom. The claim however was challenged after the Duke of Sussex stayed in the UK for at least a day to visit the Queen at Windsor with his wife Meghan Markle. Her Majesty's former press secretary Dickie Arbiter suggested the visit showed Harry's previous doubts about the security he would receive were unfounded. Speaking to Today, Mr Arbiter said: "What is quite interesting is that Harry said he couldn't come to the UK because it wasn't safe and yet here he is. He is going to Holland. "Holland provided VIP security but made it very clear that Harry and Meghan's personal security are not allowed to carry guns. "So they're going to be aware they could be targeted in Holland but there's a lot of security there so they should be pretty safe. "It's interesting that he said he couldn't come to the UK because he wasn't safe, well here he was for almost 24, 36 hours so it is safe." READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG Mr Arbiter also suggested the visit, albeit brief, showed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are taking the necessary steps to mend fences with the Royal Family. He continued: "The fact they were on their way to the Invictus Games and they dropped into the UK is a step in the right direction. "When they will make another visit who knows. Will they bring the children if they do plan another visit? Again, who knows." Meghan and Harry's son Archie has not been in the United Kingdom since the family took a six-week break following the couple's tour of South Africa in November 2019. READ MORE: Harry and William’s rift laid bare at Easter before royal exit while Meghan absent The pair's youngest child, Lilibet Diana, was born in June 2021 in California and has yet to meet the Queen and Prince Charles in person. The visit, which comes over two years since Prince Harry and Meghan Markle stepped down from their roles, has been branded an "olive branch" after months of tense relations. According to Ingrid Seward, the Queen remains "very, very fond" of the Duke of Sussex, noting she is not a person known to hold a grudge. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry in 'fit of pique' after royal snub says Loose Women star[LATEST]George Alagiah leaves fans tearful at BBC return amid cancer battle[TV]Demi Rose puts on eye-popping display in see-through top[PICTURES] She said: "There's no way that she would want, however much Harry and Meghan might've hurt her, it's just not in her makeup to hold that kind of grudge. "It is her grandson, and she's very, very fond of him. Same goes for Prince Charles. "What would be the point of carrying on a sort of no-speaks with your son when he is offering an olive branch. "It's not ideal but it's symbiotic – they basically need the Queen's fairy dust, if you like, for their brand."