There is now 'real concern' in the Everton boardroom regarding the club's Premier League status but the Goodison Park hierarchy do not believe a change of manager would solve their problems, according to reports. The Toffees are now just one point above the relegation zone following their bitterly disappointing 3-2 defeat on the road at Burnley on Wednesday night. Everton had led the game 2-1 at half-time courtesy of two Richarlison penalties before second-half goals from Jay Rodriguez and Maxwel Cornet earned Burnley a vital three points. The Toffees have now lost five of their last six matches in all competitions as supporters begin to fear the prospect of playing Championship football. Lampard has won just two Premier League games since replacing Rafael Benitez but his job is seemingly safe for now - although Everton are not ruling out a dismissal before the end of the campaign. Sky Sports reporter Rob Dorsett tweeted: "Real concern in Everton board, I’m told, but feeling is changing manager won’t solve problems right now. That’s not to say Lampard safe for rest of season. READ MORE: Thomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea boss "Relegation could be massive for Everton, with few players in squad on contracts that auto-reduce if in Championship." Everton do have the right to terminate Lampard's contract at the end of the season without paying the Chelsea legend any compensation. Things do not get any easy either for the Toffees, who face Manchester United, Liverpool and Chelsea in their next four matches. Burnley boss Sean Dyche seemingly used Everton's horrific run of form to inspire his team to victory. READ MORE: PSG 'could sell Lionel Messi and Neymar to MLS this summer' in surprise transfer twistThomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea bossArsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer after consulting Benfica "I said at half-time 'I'm not sure these know how to win a game lads, away from home particularly'," Dyche said. "I said we have to play on that." Lampard is also fearful that Everton's intense schedule could end up harming their hopes of survival. They are back in action at 12:30pm on Saturday when Man United visit Goodison Park and the Everton boss is not best pleased by the quick turnaround. “We have been asked to play three games from Sunday to Wednesday to Saturday morning. It is an incredible schedule really. We have the short straw this week," he said. “It is definitely a disadvantage. Whether it plays out on the pitch we have to contest against that, but I think the turnaround, especially to Manchester United on Saturday lunchtime after playing Burnley. "We will do everything we can to recover. We are fortunate we have a great staff, a great medical team, and a squad to choose from. “I know I am mentioning it and I think it is right to. It could have been different. For the brand of the Premier League, who want the best football, to put the game on Wednesday evening and one on Saturday morning when the stakes are so high, there is no need for it. "We don’t play again after Manchester United until the following Wednesday so there was plenty of scope for this one to look different and it doesn’t so that is frustrating. We just have to counteract it with everything we can.”