Last year, viewers watched former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan storm off the set after he entered a heated debate with co-star Alex Beresford over his comments about Meghan Markle and her interview with Oprah Winfrey. Piers went on to leave the show after refusing to apologise for his remarks and is now set to launch his new show Piers Morgan Uncensored next week. The former ITV star will join Lorraine on Thursday but she joked she had "never heard of him". During Wednesday's episode of her talk show, Lorraine ended by announcing to viewers who she would be talking to on Thursday morning's show. “That’s all for today, Adele Roberts is going to be here as well, we’re celebrating the Queen’s birthday, and somebody called Piers Morgan," she stated. “I’ve never heard of him, but he’s coming in as well, see you then," Lorraine joked. Piers took to his Twitter account to also promote his appearance, writing: "BREAKING: I’ll be returning to ITV tomorrow for the first time since the Markle Debacle… live & definitely uncensored on @lorraine with the fabulous @reallorraine should be fun… READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small boss details story development "(May even storm back onto @GMB while I wait, & get those ratings back up)," he added. Fans of Piers were delighted at the news and replied to his post, sharing their excitement for his return to their screens. @Ash_470 commented: "Haha, you got to do that, Piers. Can't wait to see you back on the screen. A real journalist!" Alan Dalton added: "Great to hear this we've missed you on live tv." Susan Fiona Belton exclaimed: "Yaay! I'll be watching." While user @tony62536351 praised: "Smash it, Piers, Welcome back LEGEND." (sic) Last month, Piers took a swipe at his former presenting home ITV as he announced his new show, which vows to "cancel cancel culture". During a teaser trailer for the TalkTV show, Piers claimed he was "forced to leave" the job which he "loved" a year to the day after he stormed off GMB and quit the programme later that evening. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan in GMB swipe ahead of his ITV return after Meghan row [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan scoffs at idea Prince Harry keeps Queen 'protected’ [LATEST]Piers reacts to Duke and Duchess' calls amid Meghan's £38k attire  [WATCH] The clip included the footage of Piers walking off Good Morning Britain, and alongside the trailer, Piers wrote on his Twitter: "A year ago today, I was forced to leave a job that I loved, at the peak of its success, for having the audacity to express an honestly held opinion. "This shouldn’t happen in any democracy supposedly built on the principles of free speech and freedom of expression. "So I’m delighted to now be returning to live television with a new prime-time show, whose main purpose will be to cancel the cancel culture which has infected societies around the world. "I want it to be a platform for lively, vigorous debate, the news-making interviews, and that increasingly taboo three-letter word - fun. "I also want it to annoy all the right people. I’m Piers Morgan, uncensored." Since his departure from the ITV news show, long-standing hosts Susanna Reid and Kate Garraway have been accompanied by guest co-hosts. Presenters such as Ben Shephard, Richard Madeley, Martin Lewis, Adil Ray and Ed Balls took the seat during a rotating roster. Piers' fans won't have to wait long for their favourite broadcaster to return to their screens as the show's launch is set for April 25. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.