Newcastle are reportedly planning to return for Ligue 1 goal machine Hugo Ekitike this summer. But the Magpies will face competition from Borussia Dortmund for the £25million-rated striker. Newcastle were desperate to sign Ekitike in January after the club were taken over by a mega-rich Saudi-led consortium last autumn. But the Reims ace turned down the opportunity to move to St James’ Park amid fears that the team would be relegated to the Championship. The northeast club have enjoyed a stellar run of form since the end of December and went on a nine-game unbeaten league run. They are now 10 points above the drop zone and look likely to retain their top-flight status come the end of the season. And, according to BUT as reported by Get French Football News, Newcastle are continuing their pursuit of Ekitike ahead of the summer transfer window, with the player becoming increasingly receptive to a move. MUST READ: Arsenal ready 'important proposal' to Paulo Dybala as Juventus ace set for 'three offers'  Ekitike only became a first-team regular for Reims at the start of this season but has come to the attention of rival clubs thanks to his impressive performances and keen eye for goal. The teenager has found the back of the net nine times in the league this season, despite the fact he has missed chunks of the campaign through injury and suspension. And Newcastle will be keen to get a deal over the line as they look to embark on a journey that could see them become one of the best teams in the Premier League in the years ahead if they spend their money wisely. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal    But Dortmund will not give them a free ride in their quest for Ekitike’s signature. The German giants look set to lose blockbuster striker Erling Haaland this summer as he has a clause in his contract which would allow him to depart for just £63million. And they apparently see Ekitike as the ideal replacement. Meanwhile, Newcastle are said to be interested in signing Nantes winger Moses Simon and Lens midfielder Seko Fofana. So they clearly view French football as a hotbed of talent. The Magpies’ season turnaround has been nothing short of remarkable after they found themselves marooned to the bottom of the Premier League table after winning just one of their first 20 matches of the season. But they have been hard to beat under Eddie Howe and now have eight victories under their belt. Leeds, Everton, Burnley, Watford and Norwich are all below them in the table. So they should stay up at a canter.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 