Upon learning that Piers Morgan had vowed to "uncancel" those who had been cancelled, after losing his job on Good Morning Britain, Laurence Fox promptly hit back, accusing of profiting off the phenomenon. The actor, who formed the Reclaim political party in 2020 against wokeness, claimed that Piers' success was based on cancel culture. Reposting an article about the aims of Piers' new TalkTV show Uncensored, Laurence sneered disapprovingly: "From the chubby slug who made his millions promoting cancel culture." Piers quickly hit back last night: "Actually, I defended you from the cancel culture mob… but sadly, you then went bonkers. Wish you well with your recovery." There has been a history of controversy between the pair, despite the fact that, on the surface, they have appeared to share some of their views with each other. Piers was fuming back in 2020 when, weeks after African American man George Floyd was killed by a white police officer, which sparked the Black Lives Matter protests, Lewis actor Laurence wrote a tweet that some interpreted as racist. READ NOW: Queer Eye star blasts royal who 'asked Harry about baby's skin colour' Referring to the black Manchester City footballer Benjamin Mendy having been accused of four counts of rape, he reposted a news article about it alongside the words: "Get kneeling, f***ers." Many interpreted this as a reference to BLM supporters "taking the knee" during protests, in memory of George Floyd and denounced Laurence for racialising the news. He swiftly deleted the tweet, but not before Piers had alerted his almost eight million followers to it, writing above it: "Laurence Fox is a shameful & disgusting piece of work." Tweeter Robert_j1996 wrote back to agree, suggesting that Laurence was "labelling an entire ethnic group based on the actions of one individual purely to stoke division and push his own supremacist agenda". This prompted commenters such as @WJMMA to insist: "The BBC and LBC can never give Laurence Fox a platform again." It seemed this was one aspect of cancel culture that Piers had no intention of saving him from. Some urged him to report the tweet to the police, while others insisted it was "clear-cut racism". However, @scruffrussell1 admonished Piers, quizzing him: "So from that headline, your problem is Laurence Fox's comment? You have some serious issues." DON'T MISS... Stacey Solomon on 'harsh reality' at home after Joe Swash 'loses it' [UPDATE] 'Complete b******t!' Piers Morgan reignites row with Meghan Markle [DEBATE] Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [LATEST] It was later reported that the actor's Twitter account had been temporarily suspended for making the controversial remark. Piers came to virtual blows with Laurence again just months later over his announcement that he'd had a large group of friends over during the lockdown, breaking Covid restrictions intentionally. On November 29, 2020, he'd spoken of sharing hugs with his pals and tweeted: "If the NHS can’t cope, then the NHS isn’t fit for purpose,” he tweeted. Piers hit back on Good Morning Britain, raging: "You know what Laurence? Why don’t you just shut up? Seriously. Why don’t you think about the NHS, think about these heroic people who right now in hospitals all around the country are continuing to save lives of complete strangers who have COVID-19, this lethal virus." He added that the laws were created to prevent people from being "killed". The pair have come to blows numerous times since after Laurence posted photos of footballers in Germany in the 1940s doing a Nazi salute and compared it to Black Lives Matter supporters taking the knee. Seething Piers denounced his comments again, and, during clashes over Covid opinions, told the world he was "reckless" and a "d***head". It looks as though the latest exchange of words has revived their feud for the first time in over a year.