Her Majesty made a "controversial" decision to have her second son accompany her to the memorial service of her late husband, the Duke of Edinburgh last month. The memorial was Prince Andrew's first official public appearance since settling the sexual assault case filed against him by Virginia Giuffre. He has always vigorously denied the claims. Speaking on the latest episode of their podcast, Royally Obsessed, hosts Roberta Fiorito and Rachel Bowie discussed Prince Andrew's memorial appearance and the Queen's potential failure to keep her "favourite son" under checks. Ms Fiorito said: "She (Queen Elizabeth II) kind of let the shoe drop a little bit at the Service of Thanksgiving with her letting him walk her in - and also now" "Even if he has gone rouge, he needs to realise that he's not HRH, no-one is asking his opinion on Ukraine...". She adds: "Especially from someone that is quote-on-quote innocent, yet paid someone 12 million pounds - someone they never met". "Its so insettled out of court, for a sexual abuse lawsuit". The pair also discussed that Prince Andrew lives at the Royal Lodge and "so close to Windsor". READ MORE: Prince Andrew and Fergie left Palace 'totally blindsided' with special Instagram post Ms Fiorito said: "He probably is with her [The Queen] all the time" "That probably makes it pretty hard for her to tell him 'no". Prince Andrew is often described as the Queen's "favourite son". He is her third child. He was born after Charles and Anne and before Edward. She continues: "He's always there, always taking care of her" The Queen will be celebrating her 96th birthday later this month. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Harry and Meghan go to Holland after snubbing UK? Prince Andrew's association with the late convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein has been a cause of major stress for the Royal Family, the Queen especially, in recent years. Following his 2019 "disastrous" interview with journalist Emily Maitlis about his relationship with Epstein, the Duke withdrew from royal duties and his public appearances have been scarce since. Virginia Giuffre launched her civil legal battle against the Duke in August 2021, This, once again, put the spotlight back on the Duke. Ms Giuffre alleged she was trafficked by the late convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein to the Duke of York at the age of 17 - a minor under US law. Prince Andrew denied all allegations. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] If the case against Prince Andrew had gone to trial later this year the proceedings could have overshadowed the Queen's Platinum Jubilee year. Despite this, in February 2022 it was announced both sides had reached a settlement agreement "in principle". The sum reportedly was said to be as much as £12million. No amount has ever been officially confirmed.