Princess Beatrice, 33, and Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, 38, welcomed their first child, Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi on September 18, 2021. Edoardo has an older child Christopher, six, with his ex-partner Dara Huang. Beatrice and Edoardo welcomed Sienna after being married for just over a year.  Although no official pictures have been released of the royal tot, Beatrice has been snapped pushing a buggy around London over the last seven months. Judi James, a professional body language expert, spoke to Express.co.uk about what type of mother Beatrice might be, by analysing her body language in pictures of when she was pregnant with Sienna. Judi said: “Beatrice has several emotional advantages that should help her new role as a mother to be as comfortable and relaxed as possible. “Her husband Edo was an experienced father already and although she is the older sister it has always been Eugenie who has looked the more mature and protective of her.  “It was Eugenie who had a baby first so Beatrice would have been fully prepped in terms of what to expect,” Judi claimed. She continued: “She also has the fiercest of loyal support from her mother Sarah who is rarely seen apart from her two daughters and clearly adores being a grandmother. “Watching Beatrice’s most recent videos on social media we can see someone who looks and talks more like a young girl herself rather than a wife and mother. “Her conversational skills with children seem based on her own high levels of empathy and love of acting like a big kid.  “As a parent, this will make her a very playful, fun mother rather than a more formal, traditionally royal one.” What will Edoardo be like as a father to his new daughter? Judi added: “Edo was seen gazing at her with polite and charming attention during her pregnancy. “But Beatrice seemed to use body language reminiscent of her cousin Zara, rubbing her upper bump with two hands.  “This showed signs of some mild discomfort when necessary and looking as fun as ever when not. “Posing with the tennis stars, Beatrice was clearly still up for some comedy body language, joining in and having fun as well as widening her eyes in the same surprised and excitable expression that is a signature look of her mother. “Beatrice’s baby-bump body language made her look happily natural and spontaneous rather than overly-protective. “This trait, plus the close access of several experienced parents and new parents around her should mean she is a relatively anxiety-free, openly besotted new parent.”  Beatrice is already an aunt to Eugenie’s one-year-old son with Jack Brooksbank, August. She has been spotted with Sienna in Winter Wonderland and other places around London pushing a buggy. Edoardo and Beatrice tied the knot in All Saints Chapel in Windsor in July 2020 in a limited ceremony due to the coronavirus restrictions at the time. Both the Queen and Prince Philip were able to attend. 