Sir David Amess, who spent more than 20 years as MP of Southend West, was murdered last October at his constituency surgery. Ali Harbi Ali, his killer, has today, April 13, been given a whole-life sentence for murder after he stabbed the MP more than 20 times. This shocking act of brutality was quick to prompt calls for the national political debate to become more respectful, suggesting Sir David – described by the Prime Minister as “one of the kindest, nicest, most gentle people in politics” – was murdered at least in part because of political division. The latest such call came yesterday, April 12, from House of Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle, who insisted we need “nicer and kinder politics within the chamber”. In the wake of Ali’s conviction, Sir Lindsay told BBC Radio 4: “I want a nicer politics. If we haven’t got democracy, what have we got?... “It is about the respect of politicians, it’s building trust with our constituents.” For Nick Timothy, adviser to Theresa May-cum-Telegraph columnist, this response to the brutal murder by an Islamic extremist “defies belief”. He wrote in a post on Twitter: “The way the political establishment has responded to the murder of Sir David Amess continues to defy belief.” Mr Timothy added those who are simply calling for a “kinder” politics are doing “anything but confront the Islamist ideology that motivated the murderer”. Ali was clear, when facing questions at the Old Bailey, of his objectives to “help Muslims”. READ MORE: Kremlin mocked over belief UK is its ‘enduring enemy’ He told of how he “couldn’t go join Islamic State” so instead decided “I should try and do something here to help Muslims here”. Asked whether he regretted his actions, Ali, quoted in the Times, responded: “I don’t feel any shame. If I thought it was something wrong I wouldn’t have done it.” Ali, who was adamant his atrocity was carried out “for Islam”, contended that even “if Islamic State didn’t exist, I would have done the same thing”. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Tory MP Robert Jenrick said the political ought to listen to these remarks if it is to truly learn from the murder of Sir David, which he described as a “product of Islamist extremism which this country – and the West – continues to face more then 20 years after 9/11”. The former Housing Secretary wrote in the Telegraph: “In the immediate aftermath of Sir David’s murder much of our political and media class entered into a worthy but spurious debate about the tenor of political discussion in this country, particularly online. Even after the police detained Ali under the Terrorism Act, many were unwilling to countenance extremism as his motive. “Instead of discussing the Government’s counter-terrorism strategy, we debated removing online anonymity and implored one another to be kinder – as if we bore some responsibility for the actions of this despicable murderer.” Mr Jenrick added that unless the political class faces up to to the true cases of such events, “we cannot possibly hope to tackle extremism”. Author Douglas Murray added it was long past the time for a discussion on the motives of Ali to be held, though cast doubt on the likelihood of this taking place. He joked in a post on Twitter: “So the jihadi who slaughtered Sir David Amess has been found guilty. I guess we'll now finally have that long-overdue debate about motives, policy answers etc, won't we? Won't we? Twitter said we had to wait till after the verdict. So. Guys?” Responding to the conviction, Home Secretary Priti Patel described terrorism as “a horrendous crime that destroys lives”, insisting the Government “will always take the strongest possible action to protect our society and our security”.