Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, popularity is among younger people, US journalist Lee Cohen has claimed. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: "I think just as in Britain, there's a segment who are perhaps younger and politically more left-leaning who are very enchanted with the Sussexes. It doesn't really matter to them what they say. "They're just interested that the Sussexes are out there in the public eye, what they're wearing, who they're talking to. "It doesn't really matter to those fans that the Sussexes don't have a lot of credibility to weigh in on serious issues and certainly not political issues. "Then there's another segment that sees the Sussexes as Hollywood notables who want to weigh in and be meaningful in the public debate in some way but really don't have the credentials to do so." His comments come as Meghan has sparked questions over whether she will enter US politics after she contacted Republican Senators Shelley Moore Capito and Susan Collins on their private numbers to ask to support paid parental leave and a climate policy. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'concerned' new book will 'damage her image' - claim Democratic Senator Kirsten Gillibrand had given the numbers to the Duchess of Sussex and said she would be part of a group to work on paid leave long term. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams has since advised Meghan to stop "knocking" family. Mr Fitzwilliams told ToDiFor Daily: "They have enormous potential and TIME magazine made them one of their covers for their Top 100. "There are all sorts of rumours that Meghan might choose politics. "It's also a question of whether or not the Oprah interview and it's inaccuracies might one day come back to haunt her if she did. "Also, it's an open question whether the American public would like Meghan, Duchess of Sussex. "That's huge question marks." DON'T MISS Harry accused of 'taking advantage' of Queen for Netflix documentary [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'need to be on good terms with the Queen' [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry's 'dig at Queen's aides' exposed - expert lifts lid [VIDEO] He added: "What advice I would give them, I would say so far as she's concerned. "We know she's close to her mother and we know that rest of the relations with her family are disastrous and she's also created a rift with the Royal Family or at least worsened it by Oprah. "If they want whatever future they wanted, don't keep knocking the British Royal Family or should I say, don't keep knocking your family. "They have a very destructive side and Oprah showed that very clearly."