Prince Harry, 37, flew to the UK to visit the Queen on his way to the Invictus Games in The Hague with Meghan Markle. Harry and Meghan had tea with the monarch after meeting with Prince Charles. But royal expert Angela Levin has claimed Harry's meeting with the Queen will be an "introduction" to his Netflix documentary. Speaking to GB News, Ms Levin said: "I think he took huge advantage of his grandmother. "I think she obviously loves him and although she might be unhappy about his behaviour, she does care about him very much indeed. "He wanted to use it as an introduction to the documentary he is doing with Netflix and I think that’s actually pretty disgusting. "When he wants to be royal, it's just so he’ll earn more money out of it and make people feel he’s more important than he has become because without the royal titles they really aren’t very much." READ MORE: Prince Harry's family snub raises eyebrows with US TV host It comes as the Duke of Sussex appeared to issue a veiled warning to those closest to the Queen, saying he wanted to make sure his grandmother was "protected" and had "the right people around her". Interviewed by a US network, Harry did not elaborate on whether he was referring to royal aides or members of his own family, but spoke positively about seeing the Queen with "some element of privacy" after two years away from the UK. When asked if he missed the Prince of Wales or Duke of Cambridge, Harry, who is in the Netherlands hosting his Invictus Games, side-stepped the question and said he was focused on the competitors and their families. His comments are likely to deepen the rifts between the duke and the institution of the monarchy and his family, who until a few years ago appeared to have his backing. Harry also said he did not know if he will return to the UK to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, saying there are "security issues and everything else". And he appeared to commit his immediate future to the US, saying: "Home for me now is, you know, for the time being, it's in the States, and it feels that way as well." Speaking to NBC's Today show about his meeting with the Queen, he said "Being with her it was great, it was just so nice to see her, she's on great form. "She's always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure that she's protected and got the right people around her." DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry 'need to be on good terms with the Queen' [VIDEO]Prince Harry's 'dig at Queen's aides' exposed - expert lifts lid [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'toned down' memoir to appear on palace balcony - claim [INSIGHT] The royal family have rallied round the Queen since her husband, the Duke of Edinburgh, died in April, and she has been supported by a smaller and closer-knit group from her household during the lockdowns of the past two years. Harry and Meghan left for a new life in North America just before the pandemic struck and so have watched developments in the UK from afar, but during that time they laid bare their experiences of life in the royal family in a devastating Oprah Winfrey interview. The couple accused an un-named member of the royal family - not the Queen or Philip - of racism and painted the monarchy as an uncaring institution. The duke has commented in the past about his rift with Charles and how he and William are on "different paths" and have good and bad days in their relationship.