After delivering what has widely been criticised as an underwhelming Spring Statement amid fears over the rising cost of living, Rishi Sunak last week became embroiled in a dispute over his family’s tax situation. It emerged the Chancellor’s multi-millionaire wife claimed non-domicile status, allowing her to save millions of pounds in tax. He had also held onto a US “permanent resident” green card while an MP, including more than a year in Number 11. Mr Campbell has now claimed the Chancellor’s support of Brexit was in part a result of his desire to avoid heavy tax. But political commentators have countered we cannot believe “a word he says”. The former aide to Prime Minister Tony Blair told Sky News he was “suspicious” about Mr Sunak’s backing of the UK leaving the Brussels bloc, noting he believed the opportunity to pocket more earnings was “perhaps part of the reason”. He said: “One of the reasons why the Brexiteers were so keen on Brexit was because the EU was about to bring in moves against tax avoidance [and] move against the use of tax havens. “That is one of the things that drove them so hard to Brexit. “I’m afraid I am suspicious. I do think that that is perhaps part of the reason why Rishi Sunak ultimately fought so hard for Brexit.” Sky News host Kay Burley contended the Chancellor would put forward a “completely different” set of reasons for his backing Brexit. READ MORE: UK and US have 'big opportunity' to isolate Russia and take major ally Mr Campbell responded: “They might do but he’s not exactly putting himself forward for questioning on this, is he? Scrutiny is part of the job. “Defending yourself in the face of difficult questions is part of the job. “Instead of hiding away… he should face these questions.” DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] David Maddox, Political Editor of the Sunday Express, fired back that Mr Campbell cannot be trusted because of his role in bringing forth the Iraq war. He responded to the Sky News appearance in a post on Twitter: “From the man who told us there were weapons of mass destruction in Iraq…” In another, he added: “I don't know why anybody believes a word he says. “The lies he put out cost thousands of lives in Iraq and his Brexit doom filled predictions have been wildly inaccurate.” Mr Campbell has been one of the loudest proponents of Britain rejoining the EU following the 2016 referendum. His efforts were particularly renewed after a poll late last year suggested more than half of Britons believe Brexit is “going badly”. In his latest appearance on Sky News today, on Tuesday, he criticised the Government for failing to deliver on “Brexit dividends, and all the other lies that they told”.