Ten Percent has launched on Amazon Prime Video and is based on the French comedy Call My Agent. The UK series, which stars the likes of Helena Bonham-Carter and Jack Davenport, is set around a London talent agency where the agents scramble to keep their clients happy following the sudden death of their founder. However, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, former soap star Maggie recalled how chaotic it got on set when a number of cast members and crew contracted coronavirus. The EastEnders star explained there were strict protocols put in place to ensure everyone remained safe while filming. “We didn't wear masks but everyone else did for the whole of the shooting period,” Maggie began. “And then there were different zones… there were certain people who were working in some parts and the crew couldn't even approach the cast… there was a blue zone, a red zone and whatever.” READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' She continued: “The camera crew who were also masked throughout [the filming process] couldn’t approach you because if we got it [Covid] Woah. “And a number of us did get COVID-19 and things were juggled around and shifted, and we were tested nearly every day.” The Crown star Rebecca Humphries, who also stars in the new comedy, explained how show bosses even brought a “miracle” machine on set where cast and crew could be tested for the virus daily. She went on to add that at a recent cast get-together, she barely recognised any of the crew because they weren’t wearing their masks. “It was crazy because when you're working with them for six months, you build up and almost have a vision of what you imagine that they look like under their masks,” the actress joked. When asked what fans can expect from the UK version, she admitted the series starts in the same way as Call My Agent. “It begins with the introductions of the characters in a way that people who have seen the French series will, I think enjoy,” she continued. “Just because of our versions and just because of John's [Morton] writing as well.” DON'T MISS...Jennie Bond details why royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew [VIDEO]Sharon Osbourne forced to miss The Talk as Ozzy falls ill  [NEWS]Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles speaks out on co-star's replacement [INSIGHT] “It's so rooted in British comedy straight away,” she added. “It's almost a bit like having those guys doing British stuff and then what happens is it kind of starts interweaves its way away from the French series and broadens it out. “It then turns it into British theatre land which is an independent film and all the stuff that people who have seen the French series will enjoy, that it's just so rooted in this culture.” Speaking about how she landed the part, the 34-year-old said she was halfway through watching the French series when she got a call from her agent. It was at that point the actress decided to take a step back from her career, and she told her agent the only part she would consider was if they made a UK version of Call My Agent. “And then the following week, he said, ‘Well, it's funny you should ask’ and this came through,” Rebecca recalled. “And of course, I was halfway through watching the French series at the time, at which point I just stopped watching it because this is a completely different incarnation of it. “But I knew that it was based on Noémie from the French series, the character that I was going for who was already my favourite role. “And when I read what John did to it, which was to even take her further inward and...even more sort of imprisoned by love for this person. I thought it was even more interesting, and definitely, something that I was interested in trying.” Ten Percent is on Amazon Prime Video now.