Robert Lewandowski could leave Bayern Munich for a new challenge this summer, but Manchester United is an unlikely destination for the Bundesliga icon. Lewandowski's agent Pini Zahavi has offered his services to two European heavyweights, but a Premier League switch seems to be off the cards if he becomes available. The 33-year-old is discontent with Bayern figures as he approaches the final year of his contract without being offered new terms. And the club's failure to do so has plunged his future into doubt ahead of the summer transfer window. Lewandowski has even publicly admitted the Bundesliga giants' hesitance to lay a new contract offer on the table, shutting down director of football Hasan Salihamidzic's claims. After Salihamidzic assured the media that the Poland international was firmly in the club's future plans, he responded: "This is the first I'm hearing of it." And reports suggest Lewandowski's representatives are putting the wheels in motion for a potential departure from Bavaria later this year. According to Mundo Deportivo, Zahavi has offered his services to Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain. JUST IN: Alli gets Lampard support as Everton boss slams Collymore A deal for Lewandowski would cost interested parties £16.9million for his annual salary, plus the transfer fee Bayern would demand for his signature. PSG will likely be searching for a new goalscorer, with Kylian Mbappe set to join Real Madrid on a free transfer when his contract expires in June. Barcelona, meanwhile, are eyeing an alternative to Erling Haaland, who is deemed out of the Catalan club's financial range. Xavi Hernandez has also been linked with Liverpool superstar Mohamed Salah ahead of the summer, as it becomes ever more clear he wants to add another high-profile forward to the ranks. READ MORE: Bruno Fernandes' new Man Utd contract may have helped Mohamed Salah Since replacing Ronald Koeman as manager, the Spaniard has already welcomed attacking reinforcements to Camp Nou. In January, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang arrived on a free from Arsenal, Adama Traore joined on loan from Wolves, and the Blaugrana completed a £55m deal for Manchester City's Ferran Torres. But Xavi doesn't look to be done there, and Barcelona could be in the frame to lure one of Europe's most phenomenal strikers from the Allianz Arena. However, the ball is in Bayern's court. If the Bavarian giants offer Lewandowski suitable terms, he could very well decide to complete his glittering career under Julian Nagelsmann in Germany. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.