The Peltz-Beckham duo were never going to do married life by halves, after enjoying a £3 million wedding celebration at a £76 million ocean-front villa. To demonstrate her love of the finest things, the newly wed 27-year-old is sporting a glamorous new accessory on her ring finger - and showing off its sparkles in footage published to her Instagram Stories. Since the wedding, the Transformers star has been continuing the celebrations with a trio of female friends - her best pal Angela, her PR rep Alex Shack and her stylist Leslie Fremar. Name-checking her dream team on Instagram, she posted a photo of the three clutching huge bouquets of flowers and described them as her "queens". "My crew, my idols, my icons," she continued. "I am so lucky to have you girls by my side." However all eyes have been on the new diamond ring, which replaced the emerald-cut jewel she had been flashing on her finger ever since her 2020 engagement. READ NOW: Kaleb Cooper breaks silence on being branded a 'sell-out' The emerald cut style has also been popular as an engagement ring among celebrities such as Jennifer Lopez and George Clooney's wife Amal. Nicola has also recently rocked a pearl and crystal necklace in a photo in which she looked remarkably like fellow heiress Paris Hilton in her younger years. However, not to be outdone, Brooklyn's mum Victoria Beckham accessorised her silver dress with a pendant said to be valued at up to £2 million on the wedding day. Kyron Keogh, the co-founder of the luxury brand ROX Diamonds & Thrills, gave some insight into the sparkling jewellery. "Victoria is wearing an ornate 18ct yellow gold necklace with a pear-cut diamond that looks like its 12cts -15cts," she stated. "The whiteness of it indicates great clarity and so it could be worth £1.3- £2million." Though fashion entrepreneur Victoria prides herself on her sense of style, Nicola opted out of letting the Beckham matriarch or her team design her wedding dress. Instead, she chose a traditional Valentino design for the exchange of vows. DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress [PHOTOS] Melanie Clark Pullen dead: EastEnders' star dies aged 46 [LATEST] Insight into Brooklyn Beckham's star-studded brunch [INSIGHT]  Victoria, on the other hand, recruited her own head designer, Lara Barrio, to create the dress she wore at the event, especially for her. Meanwhile, Kim Kardashian's close buddy Jonathan Cheban - a star of the PR world who is known as The Food God for his famous page dedicated to feasting - was equally glammed up. He attended the wedding in a sparkling diamond bow tie which Page Six has claimed is worth $175,000. Posting a photo of the blinged up accessory on Instagram, he jokingly warned: "I got security don’t try it!" Apparently encrusted with 36 carats of round-cut diamonds, set in 18k white gold, Jonathan was happy to show it off. "The most over the top Diamond bow tie by @jacobandco," he captioned the post. Brooklyn looked almost casual in comparison, although he did stand out in his Dior suit and diamond chain, the latter a gift from his new in-laws. Meanwhile even Victoria, who is notorious for her scowls when it comes to posing for the camera, cracked a smile at the sparkly event.