This Morning, hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby were joined by the leader of the opposition Keir Starmer to discuss the recent allegations of sexism in Parliament. After a recent article claimed  Angela Rayner was trying to distract Boris Johnson with "Basic Instinct" gestures, Schofield wanted to know what he and his party were doing to change the way females were treated in Westminster. Appearing on Monday's instalment of the show Starmer did his best to answer the host's probing questions. Moving on from questions of the current culture of parliament, they wanted to know when a female would next be at the head of a political party and leading the country. 60-year-old Schofield asked: "At what point do you as a party can you accept that women can be leaders and Prime Ministers? Starmer replied: "I accept that already. Of course, we haven't had a Labour Prime Minister, and I hope we have one, one day. Read More: Emmerdale theory: Vanessa Woodfield heartbroken as she discovers Suzy's secret   "I very much hope that when we get to the next election that we have a female Deputy Prime Minister, and that will be Angela Rayner, and what a fantastic thing that would be." Rayner is the Shadow First Secretary of State and Deputy Leader of the Labour Party and often stands in for Starmer in Parliament when he is unable to. Starmer continued: "Angela is a formidable politician and a brilliant member of our team, and I would love to see her as Deputy Prime Minister. She'd be absolutely brilliant." Although his answer was positive, it prompted Schofield to ask: "So you think it will be years before there is a female Prime Minister from the Labour party?"   "Well, I don't know," Starmer started. "Obviously we are going into this next election, and I am the leader of the Labour Party, and I want to be Prime Minister of Britain. "But Angela and I are a team. We work together, and we discuss things. "We run up the pitch together, we run down the pitch together, and she will be Deputy Prime Minister, and I think that is a very very good thing." DON’T MISS…Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles pays tribute to co-star 'She's perfect' [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest in awe as £4 charity shop frame holds valuable abstract painting [LATEST]'Irritates me!' Esther Rantzen: Queen has 'earned right' to have Andrew at her side  [LATEST]   Speaking fondly about his second in command and her abilities, he ended with: "I think it is good for politics and I think Angela Rayner has something very special, as you will know from having her on here about her political contributions." Also, while sitting on the iconic ITV sofa, he mentioned how the "culture of the whole place needs to change" when the trip spoke about the sexism in West Minister, which has come to light. In his first-ever appearance on This Morning, he said: "I actually think it’s a culture thing. Going after one or two individuals is not enough. We’ve got to change the culture in Parliament. "It’s sexist, misogynist, and we need to change it."  