Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been living in California, America for the past couple of years. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex chose a nine bedroom, Italian-style villa, nestled away in Montecito, Santa Barbara. With a market price tag of £11million, it was once available to rent via Giggster for productions. So what does it look like inside? Earlier this week, Prince Harry made it clear he and his family have firmly settled in California. He admitted: “Home for me now is for the time being... in the States and it feels that way. “We’ve been welcomed with open arms and have a great community in Santa Barbara.” The royal couple’s house is in an “idyllic situation right between the mountains and the ocean,” a royal commentator said. READ MORE: Princess Diana's regal childhood at Althorp House - inside £922k home The area, approximately 150km outside of Los Angeles, is relatively private. Facing the ocean, with the California mountains at its rear, Montecito is famed for its calm climate, home to a health-orientated community with a love of the outdoors. While the property is in a prime location, it also has a lot to offer whoever lives there. While Harry and Meghan have no doubt changed some of the decor, and added their touches to the interior, the basic house layout and amenities are said to be the same. DON'T MISS...Harry slammed by palace insiders as Charles 'furious' [COMMENT]Earl and Countess of Wessex's Queen Jubilee trip to Grenada cancelled [UPDATE]Queen tipped to welcome 'small number of guests' for birthday bash [NEWS] Their house is a Mediterranean-style 18,000 square feet nine-bedroom, 16 bathroom estate. According to reports, locals have nicknamed it ‘The Chateau of Riven Rock’. Photos reveal the Italian inspired villa to house a games room, a gym, a library, a wine cellar, a cinema and much more. The royal couple also has a pool, a tennis court, a gym, a spa and a guest cottage for when Meghan’s mother Doria visits. With 7.4 acres, there is plenty of space for Archie and Lili, as well as Meghan and Harry’s dogs to play. An unnamed source told the American OK Magazine: “There’s a cool playhouse in their garden and Archie loves running around the lawn with the dogs. “He’s at the age when he can’t keep still.” After 18 months, however, it seems the royal couple are looking to move elsewhere. Reports claim they “want to stay in the neighbourhood or nearby but they aren't over the moon about the house and the location.” Should Meghan and Harry choose to move, the luxury market in Montecito is rather small compared to Los Angeles, realtor.com said. Montecito also has fewer homes than ever on the market currently.