Former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan has reacted to his friend Gary Lineker's remarks about his upcoming TalkTV show with a very crude comment. Taking to Twitter, the former newspaper editor, 56, reacted to the Match of the Day star's comments after announcing that his show Uncensored will be launching on TalkTV later this month. In view of his 7.9 million followers, the star responded wittily to his friend's comments. Piers wrote: "You’ll be watching, Jugs - as with your bodily fluid control, you won’t be able to stop yourself." The star was responding to a tweet the pundit made about Piers' TV comeback in America. The former Life Stories host shared a tweet announcing a start date for his new TalkTV show. READ MORE: Kelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home Piers captioned the post: "Admit it.. you’ve missed me," before revealing that his new show is set to air on Monday 25th April. Gary was quick to reply: "We’ll still miss you," before Piers hit back with the witty remark. Fans of the outspoken TV personality have been waiting for a start date for his new TalkTV show, Uncensored. The star is set to make his return to the small screen a year after his departure from GMB. Commenting on the duo's relationship, Twitter user @UnitedKain replied to Gary: "I love how when Piers Morgan left ITV, Gary Lineker was supportive to him with a tweet. "Then fast forward a year or so and now they have had heated bickering over football," they penned alongside a series of laughing faces, referencing the duo's frequent Twitter spats. Gary's comments come a month after he made a tongue-in-cheek dig at Piers after he announced his upcoming show. Piers shared a picture of the programme’s logo in view of his fans, with the caption: “Coming soon.” DON'T MISS... The Wanted's Max George shares heartbreak following Tom Parker's death [INSIGHT]Carol Kirkwood shares bittersweet reaction to Dan Walker's BBC exit [UPDATE]Carol Vorderman issues distressing warning over online abuse [ANALYSIS] Gary was quick to react to the update, joking: “Finally, you will be uncensored and we’ll be able to hear your views. I’ve really missed them," he added. According to News UK Broadcasting, Piers Morgan: Uncensored will be a "fearless forum for lively, intelligent debate and agenda-setting interviews; celebrating free speech and the right for people to share their views". Piers said he was "delighted" to be at the forefront in the new daily show, adding that it's show’s main aim is to “cancel” cancel culture and promote debate. He said: “A year ago today, I was forced to leave a job I loved, at the peak of its success, for having the audacity to express an honestly held opinion. "This shouldn’t happen in any democracy supposedly built on the principles of free speech and freedom of expression. "I’m delighted to now be returning to live television with a new daily show whose main purpose is to cancel the Cancel Culture which has infected societies around the world. "I want it to be a platform for lively vigorous debate, news-making interviews, and that increasingly taboo three-letter word: fun. “I also want it to annoy all the right people,” the Life Stories star concluded.