Taking up the role will be Lieutenant General Sir James Hockenhull, who will also become Aide-de-Camp General to Queen Elizabeth II following Her Majesty's approval. The senior military commander takes over the role of his predecessor General Sir Patrick Sanders in May.  Speaking of the appointment, Mr Wallace said: “I am delighted to congratulate General Sir James Hockenhull on his well-deserved promotion and appointment as Commander [of] United Kingdom Strategic Command. “As the current Chief of Defence Intelligence, General Jim has had an extraordinary impact on Defence, including vital work most recently in supporting the crisis in Ukraine, declassifying Defence Intelligence products to help inform the public in a way that we have not seen before. “I know he will bring his significant skills and experience to bear in his new role. “Defence’s joint capability will be in excellent hands under General Jim’s leadership. “He takes up his appointment at a crucial moment in the UK Strategic Command transition to becoming the Defence capability integrator as laid out in the Integrated Review and Defence Command Paper. “I wish him well in this endeavour.”  The outgoing commander was also welcoming of his replacement. General Sanders said: “I am very pleased to welcome Lieutenant General Sir James Hockenhull as the next Commander UK Strategic Command. “As Chief of Defence Intelligence, he brings a wealth of operational experience and joint capability to the role. “He will continue the development of UK Strategic Command to ensure that Defence can meet future threats and deliver for the Nation. “We live in uncertain times, and I am delighted to be working with Sir James in my new role as Chief of the General Staff to ensure that Defence is a global force delivering for Global Britain.”  READ MORE:'Slippery path' Ex-British Army chief in WW3 warning over Ukraine war Speaking of his own appointment, Lt General Hockenhull said: “I am deeply honoured to be appointed Commander of UK Strategic Command. “We must be prepared to think differently and deliver real change at pace to address the fast-changing global security environment. “It has been a privilege to lead Defence Intelligence, working with some of the most capable people in Defence together with our cross-government partners and allies. “I am extremely proud to take up the challenge of leading Strategic Command on its journey to becoming Defence’s Integrator.”  DON'T MISS:Putin accused of intentional energy shortage to block help for Ukraine [OPINION]Serving Metropolitan Police PC charged with rape [REVEAL]Boy beaten with baseball bat over £120 jacket [REPORT] According to the Ministry of Defence, Lt Gen Hockenhull has over 33 years of professional intelligence experience, over a decade of which has been spent on operations to Northern Ireland, Iraq and Afghanistan. He has held staff appointments in Army Headquarters, the Allied Rapid Reaction Corps and the Ministry of Defence working within Strategic Planning, Information Superiority, Cyber and Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance.  In addition, he has instructed at the United States Command and General Staff College and been seconded to the Foreign Office. Some of his new responsibilities will include the provision of timely and relevant intelligence assessment in support of Defence policy, operations and capabilities, and modernising Defence Intelligence so that the Ministry of Defence capitalises on advances in technology and innovation techniques. 