Pippa Middleton, 38, was the maid of honour at Kate Middleton’s wedding on April 29, 2011. Her figure-hugging dress made headlines across the world for being beautiful and elegant. So much so, that Pippa’s dress got an equal amount of attention as the Duchess of Cambridge’s wedding dress.  Daena Borrowman, a Marketing Manager at jewellerybox, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain the choice behind Pippa’s dress, and why it got so much praise. She said: “Pippa Middleton’s ivory white bridesmaid dress at Kate’s wedding was so iconic that the world is still talking about it. “Even over a decade after she wore the dress. “The floor-length, tremendously figure-hugging Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen creation was made of ivory satin crepe and delicate lace.  READ MORE: Prince Harry 'overthinks every word' in US interview - 'defensive' “It featured a cowl neckline, capped sleeves, a cinched waist and 58 buttons down the back. “It captivated everyone that was watching the wedding. “If the brief for Pippa’s dress was ‘classically elegant’, Pippa certainly looked every bit the part,” the expert claimed. But how did it cause “a global stir”?  Daena continued: “Pippa’s dress caused a global stir, firstly, because it was white. “This was rather untraditional, as the colour white is normally reserved for the bride on her big day. “Secondly, because of how well it fitted her across her bottom,” the expert noted. Daena added: “Royal watchers have commented that Pippa’s dress nearly upstaged the bride’s dress.  “But Pippa has revealed that the plan with her white bridesmaid dress was to actually ‘blend in with’ Kate’s train.” Even though it is 11 years later, it's hardly surprising that royal fans are all still obsessed with Pippa's bridesmaid dress. A game-changing moment for Kate's little sister, Pippa instantly became an internet sensation. Social media was flooded with favourable comments about her - including praise from Justin Bieber.  Following the ceremony, her arrival at the Cambridges' evening reception in a full-length green Alice Temperley gown was another major triumph. That one day led to all sorts of media offers for Pippa. Pippa regards the reaction to her appearance on that glorious day with self-deprecating good humour. "As I have found out, recognition has its upside, its downside and – you may say – its backside," she later joked. 