The First Minister has renewed her calls for a second independence referendum, pushing for the vote to be scheduled before the end of 2023. But the ambition of this date is not aided by what independence critics have denounced as the SNP’s ambiguous post-independence financial plan. In a YouGov poll published on Tuesday, a majority of Scots said they disagreed with Ms Sturgeon’s timetable on Indyref2, with almost three-quarters of respondents saying they were not clear on SNP policy for Scottish currency after independence. Tony Miklinski, Scottish Tory councillor for Cupar, Fife, told Express.co.uk the SNP “can’t hit upon a decent solution” for the conundrum of which currency to adopt, and how to make it work for the people of Scotland. He said: “One would have thought that a responsible government that thought through the economic circumstances would have decided on the best option and make it clear to the voting population what currency they would have, how it would be managed, how the budget deficit would be reduced and how, indeed, the lights would be kept on. “The fact that they haven’t means they can't hit upon a decent solution.” The SNP is yet to confirm once and for all whether the country would continue to use sterling, shadow the pound or adopt a brand new currency - such as the Euro. A 2021 report by the Institute for Government determined that “only two options” were “truly open to Scotland straight after independence: informally adopting sterling and launching a new, free-floating currency”. Mr Miklinski argued the SNP’s referendum campaign in 2014 was hindered by the population’s uncertainty about currency, with “huge arguments in the SNP itself” creating confusion. He added: “The debate around whether it would be an independent currency, shadowing the pound, whether it be the Euro – these are all things that Nicola Sturgeon simply hasn't been willing to state categorically. “There are still huge arguments in the SNP itself as to how they articulate that because, arguably, that's what lost them the 2014 referendum.” READ MORE: Mariupol surrender video dismissed as Russian propaganda He theorised: “My best bet is not the Euro, [nor] an independent currency. “No currency they create with the kind of financial reserves they have could possibly be credible.” But the idea that an independent Scotland would shadow the pound is “ironic”, added Mr Miklinski, “because they’re leaving the UK because they don’t want to be part of the United Kingdom, [and] its financial structure”. He continued: “And yet, they'll be using its currency and shadowing it, and therefore at the mercy of the UK Chancellor." DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: 'Missing the point' Expert slaps down claims EU exit chaos [LIVE] POLL: Do you think Boris Johnson delivered a Brexit 'in name only'? [VOTE] We can scrap the EU's restriction on cheap food imports - COMMENT [COMMENT] An SNP conference back in November 2021 backed a motion to establish a Scottish central bank, which would issue a new Scottish pound in an independent Scotland. Yet in May 2021, the First Minister said an independent Scotland would use the pound sterling “for as long as necessary”. Plans would then be put in place to design a bespoke Scottish currency, she added. She said during the parliamentary election campaign: “We would use sterling for as long as necessary. “The policy would then be to move to an independent Scottish currency when the economic conditions, the fiscal conditions, the issues around trading and stability were right to do that.” The SNP’s Westminster leader, Ian Blackford, said in 2019 that an independent Scotland’s currency would shadow the UK pound. This would directly link a Scottish currency to the exchange rate of the pound, extending continued control over the Scottish economy to the Bank of England. He said: “We will have a series of economic tests which the Central Bank will validate when the time comes, as appropriate, to establish our own currency. “But one of the things I would state - and this is really important, is that when we do that, one of the key items will be making sure we have sufficient reserves, because when we do have our own currency it has to be pegged against the pound sterling because we need to make sure that - savers, pensioners - that their interests are protected, and that is the reason we’ll do that on that that basis.” SNP policy had originally said Scotland would not diverge from the pound if it gained independence.