Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) has been haunted by many enemies throughout the six seasons of Peaky Blinders but perhaps the most ominous was the Grey Man who appeared to daughter Ruby Shelby (Orla McDonagh) before she died. However, the dramatic final episode of the series exposed the Grey Man’s identical and how he was connected to Tommy’s fate. One of the final season’s biggest mysteries was the identity of The Grey Man. The ominous figure, also referred to as The Man With Green Eyes, haunted Ruby in the days before she tragically died from tuberculosis. In the first episode, Lizzie Shelby (Natasha O’Keeffe) told Tommy she was concerned about their daughter. Ruby had fallen ill with a fever and was having visions while repeating Gypsy phrases in her delirium. Read more: Peaky Blinders ending explained: What happened to Finn Shelby? “The Grey Man is coming for me and daddy,” Ruby told her mum in the following instalment. Tommy wrongly believed he could save his daughter by finding the source of a Gypsy curse and failed to return home in time to say goodbye. Following his daughter’s death, Tommy ignored calls from Dr Holford (Aneurin Barnard) until he was forced to face up to the truth of his mortality. The doctor revealed he had an inoperable tuberculoma and was given just 18 months left to live. However, the Peaky Blinders finale exposed Dr Holford as The Gray Man. Dr Holford had been the family doctor for three years but had a fierce hatred of Gypsies. The doctor was recruited by Sir Oswald Mosley (Sam Clafin) to convince Tommy he was dying. Dr Holford was always seen in a grey suit and possessed green eyes. DON'T MISSPeaky Blinders' Finn Cole 'heartbroken' over end of BBC series [INTERVIEW]Peaky Blinders pay tribute to fans as Tommy Shelby series ends [INSIGHT]Peaky Blinders' boss releases trailer for new show SAS: Rogue Heroes [VIDEO] Luckily for Tommy, he discovered the true identity of Dr Holford in the nick of time. After saying goodbye to his family, Tommy lived in a wagon on his own as he contemplated taking his own life. But, guided by the spirit of his late daughter, Tommy noticed a photograph of Dr Holford in a newspaper. The doctor was seen to be a guest at Oswald’s and Diana Mitford’s (Amber Anderson) wedding in Berlin. Tommy confronted his doctor and held a gun to his head. However, as the eleventh hour struck, Tommy cried out: “Armistice” and spared the doctor. The Peaky Blinder returned to his wagon only to find it had been set alight because of his previous instruction. Tommy rode off into the distance on a horse finally free of the troubles that had burdened him throughout the series. Peaky Blinders is available now on BBC iPlayer and will land on Netflix from June 10.