Billy Way, from Barry in Wales, become ill after eating his brother's Kinder Surprise Egg last month. It follows European health officials investigating a salmonella outbreak linked to Kinder products in a Belgian factory. They believe it may be linked to bad buttermilk. The factory has since been placed under investigation after it claimed it could not “guarantee the safety of its products”.  Mum-of-two Kasey Cooke said doctors feared her boy could fall into a coma due to dangerously low sugar levels. Since the outbreak was first discovered, over 150 children have fallen ill across Europe with suspected salmonella poisoning. Speaking of her ordeal, Ms Cooke said: “Billy loves Kinder Surprise eggs, he eats at least one a week. “His older brother got a pack of three for his birthday and as he's not a chocolate fan I gave one to Billy. “He was excited to eat the chocolate and have the toy inside. “But a few days later he started being sick a lot."  She added: “He couldn't keep anything down and couldn't even hold his weight on his feet. “I had to put a nappy on him as he couldn't get up to use the toilet. “I went to the GP out of hours and he was so severely ill they said go straight to hospital. “They were worried he could have gone into a coma as his blood sugar was so low. “It was terrible. It wasn't worth it for an egg.” READ MORE:Asda recalls baby food due to salmonella presence  The little boy was admitted to the Noah’s Ark Children’s Hospital where he was kept on a drip for four days. Ms Cooke added: “When I sent my family a picture of him in hospital, their response was he looked dead. “He looked like he was dying, his mouth was dry, his face was pale and his eyes were black and sunken. “He didn't sit up for a week. “He was so poorly and lifeless. “They struggled for a couple of days to keep his blood sugar levels high as they kept dropping. I was petrified.”  DON'T MISS:Fury as branch customers turned away to back online [REPORT]Ukraine defence chief mocks Putin over sunken ship 'New diving spot!' [REVEAL]Ruble value 'much lower than Putin's Russia will admit' [INSIGHT] The mother has vowed never to let her children near another Kinder product again. Having not been aware of the salmonella outbreak until friends told her, she realised the symptoms matched those of the virus. Ms Cooke said: “The doctors did stool samples and they found bacteria in his poo, which is why they thought it was salmonella. "I think it's careless salmonella got into the eggs, especially when the main consumer of the product is kids." Angry at the lack of control measures in the factory, Ms Cooke said: "Even I check the milk before I put it in my coffee or on my cereal, why are they not checking it before putting it in chocolate?"  She has now sent chocolate giant Ferrero - which owns Kinder - an email demanding compensation for her son. The mum has yet to receive a response to her email, which she sent on Sunday. She said: "I feel my son should be compensated, even if it's just so I can take him away to Butlin's. "He spent almost a week in hospital and he's lost weight as he didn't eat any food for seven days." Speaking to The Mirror, Ms Cooke said she fears the ordeal may have left a lasting impact on her son. She said: “When he asks for chocolate now he asks if it will make his tummy poorly."  A Ferrero spokesperson told the Mirror: “We are very sorry to hear about Kasey Cooke’s son and our sincere thoughts are with her family at this time. “With immediate effect, the entire production of Kinder Surprise 20g, Kinder Surprise 20g x 3 multipack, Kinder Mini eggs 75g, Kinder Egg Hunt Kit 150g, Kinder Surprise 100g and Kinder Schokobons (all pack sizes) which have all been made in Arlon, Belgium has been recalled. “After a thorough investigation, the point of origin was identified to be a filter at the outlet of two raw material tanks. “Materials and finished products were blocked and not released. “The matter is currently being investigated together with food safety authorities. “We deeply regret this matter and we continue to work closely with the food safety authorities to support their investigations.” 