Cian Paton, six, has been climbing mountains in order to reach a total of 19,000 feet climbed to raise money for the Spinal Injury Association. Meanwhile, Cian’s proud father Chris will be climbing the real Mount Kilimanjaro in June with Martin Hibbert, who suffered a complete spinal cord injury when he narrowly survived the bombing of the Manchester Arena in 2017. Mr Hibbert’s injury means he is unable to walk - but he will be using a specially adapted wheelchair to climb the mountain, in a challenge that has been named Martin’s Mountain. Cian was inspired by his father to take on his own challenge - which has been named Cian’s Climb. Cian’s first climb was to scale Snowdon, the highest peak in Wales at 3,500ft, which he completed just before his 6th birthday. He told Express.co.uk that some of the steps for Snowden came up to his waist, and had to go on his hands and knees in parts. Mr Paton said: “It was a huge feat for him - we were so proud. “He was getting high fives from people the whole way up.” Since then, Cian has climbed Pen-Y-Fan (2,906ft), Wiltshire’s Milk Hill (896ft), Fairy Castle in Dublin twice (1,759ft) Glyder Fawr (3,248ft )and Glyder Fach (3,261ft). He said that his favourite to climb were the Glyder mountains - which he also said were the hardest. He said: “They were my favourite because of all the parts you could climb up on the rocks.” Chris added that Cian made a snow angel at the summit of one of the mountains. Cian’s fundraiser has a target of £2,500 - of which he has so far reached £722. In the fundraiser, he says: “I love adventure and helping people. READ MORE: Brits spending habits have changed due to cost-of-living crisis [INSIGHT] “I thought that as I love the outdoors, and want to be an explorer when I'm older, I would start my adventures now, by hiking mountains!” People are being encouraged to take part in the fundraiser by completing their own MY19 challenge - for instance, exercising for 19 minutes, baking 19 cupcakes, or even climbing 19 peaks. They are then asked to share the post to social media with the hashtag #MY19, as well as to donate to Cian’s fundraiser. Mr Paton said: “Sue (Cian's mother) and I could not be prouder and hope that Cian’s Climb inspires others to get outside and do their MY19”. Martin Hibbert said that by taking on Mount Kilimanjaro, he hopes to turn the spotlight away from the people who tried to end his life and towards the charity that helped him rebuild it, to help others who are facing similar life-changing injuries. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry to get armed protection from state police [REVEAL]'Emotionally needy' Harry 'utterly taken over by Meghan' as 'whole ... [ANALYSIS] Expert pinpoints 'real reason' for Harry snub [INSIGHT] The Spinal Injury Association provides support and wellbeing services for those suffering from spinal cord injuries. There are an estimated 50,000 people in the UK living with a spinal cord injury, with the number increasing by 2,500 every year. Mr Paton emphasised the devastating effects of such an injury, which can affect someone’s ability to perform many basic tasks that are often taken for granted. There are also further complexities involved, as people may suffer from injuries below the point of their spinal cord injury that they are not aware of, as well as react differently to illnesses like cancer which makes them harder to spot.