The Big Bang Theory’s Mayim Bialik was introduced to fans as Amy Farrah Fowler, who she portrayed until the show's finale in 2019. Away from the CBS sitcom, Mayim had a mini-reunion on the set of her latest film, As They Made Us.  Fans of The Big Bang Theory gained a different insight into Mayim's life after the release of her latest project. As They Made Us was a very personal piece from the actress, because not only was it her directorial debut but the storyline also stemmed from her personal life. The film told the story of a dysfunctional family, which also mirrored her own experience. Mayim wrote the plot while processing her father’s death in 2015 and helping her tell the story is her co-star Simon Helberg who played Howard Wolowitz on the hit CBS sitcom. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait As They Made Us stars Dianna Agron as a newly divorced mother of two Abigail. She will be taking care of her parents Eugene (played by Dustin Hoffman) and Barbara (Candice Bergen). However, her estranged brother Nathan, who is portrayed by Simon Helberg is far from involved. Mayim admitted although she felt as though she wrote Nathan for Simon, she wasn’t sure if he would take it, despite their history on screen together.  Speaking to Variety, the actress revealed: “It was very, very special to work with Simon; I basically wrote with him in mind, but I never thought he would do this movie. “It also was very important to have someone who knew me when my father passed away, who knew my family, and it felt like having a friend there.” The 46-year-old beamed with praise for the entire cast as she labelled them “unbelievable” for their work on her directorial debut. Mayim added: “They function together, and how they didn't function, as the roles required.” DON'T MISS...Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker 'should be replaced by Whoopi Goldberg' [INSIGHT] Big Bang Theory’s Mayim Bialik admits ‘disappointing’ new role [INSIGHT]The Big Bang Theory: What is Mayim Bialik's IQ? [INSIGHT]  Speaking on casting Glee star Dianna Agron as Abigail, she disclosed: “Dianna had a very specific reason she wanted to do this film. “Working through a lot of what she's been through and her family, she really, really showed up for this role every single day.” Mayim continued: “Dustin and Candice together was just so exceptional and special. “Their families knew each other when they were young, but they've never worked together this intensely, so that was just so beautiful to see.”  As well as stepping behind the camera for As They Made Us, Mayim can also be seen hosting the classic American game show, Jeopardy. The actress took on the role of quiz master following the death of the show’s original host Alex Trebek who was there 37 years until his death in 2020. Though Mayim was initially expected to be hosting the first 15 episodes, her agreement was extended through the end of season 38 this year. She has expressed her desire to host the iconic game show full time and even received the blessing from Trebek’s family. The Big Bang Theory is available on CBS in the USA and available in the UK on Channel 4. 