Manchester United captain could be boosted by the potential return of former England manager Steve McClaren. The former Newcastle United boss has been linked with a return to Old Trafford, where he served as Sir Alex Ferguson’s assistant manager between 1999 and 2001. Reports from the Guardian understand McClaren has been tipped to become Erik Ten Hag’s assistant manager, if the Ajax boss is chosen as the club’s next permanent manager. Current boss Ralf Rangnick is only occupying the Old Trafford on an interim basis, where he is expected to step aside at the end of the current campaign and remain at the club on a consultancy basis for two more seasons. United are currently in seventh position in the Premier League, but only trail fourth placed Tottenham Hotspur by four points. But an undercurrent of insecurity remains at Old Trafford, as they are yet to decide on a new manager. Ten Hag is believed to be the favourite alongside Paris Saint-Germain manager Mauricio Pochettino, while Sevilla manager Julen Lopetegui and Spain boss Luis Enrique are also believed to have been sounded out. However, if McClaren did return to the club as Ten Hag’s assistant, then Maguire could be one of the main beneficiaries as the former Three Lions’ boss is a huge fan of the defender. READ MORE: Rangers fans warned of 20-point deduction after ugly Old Firm scenes against Celtic McClaren described the England international as the ‘signing of the summer’ shortly after United paid Leicester City £80m for his services. "They've got so many young talents in there and I think that's what Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is going for," McClaren said to Sky Sports News in 2019. "For me, the signing of the summer has been Maguire. Sometimes one player can make a huge difference, to a dressing room, to a team and to a club. "Maguire, just like with Van Dijk at Liverpool, and wow they're challenging. I expect that from Maguire because that is exactly what they needed. "They've got good players going forward, they'll score goals, and with Maguire at the back, his leadership, the way he is, his personality, he's a very good signing." After a strong start to life at Old Trafford convinced then manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer to give him the captaincy, Maguire has endured a wretched season for the Reds. However, the 29-year-old has had a wretched campaign at the heart of United’s defence. While United as a whole have also endured a dysfunctional campaign, lots of the blame has been attributed to the former Hull City defender. The Reds have suffered very heavy defeats to the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool, the latter of which being a 5-0 defeat at Old Trafford. But McClaren’s evident admiration of Maguire and his abilities could lend Maguire the support and confidence he needs.