From this month, several monthly household bills have increased; from council tax, car tax and water, the most significant rise will be from energy costs which millions of people are set to pay an additional £500-£700 a year. The money-saving expert returned to This Morning on Friday - much to the relief of fans as she offered yet more incredible deals and ways to make some extra cash. Among the vast array of money-saving suggestions, Holly explained how Britons can get paid up to £10,000 for spotting “derelict” buildings. She explained: “What they basically do is they want you to find empty properties so they can buy them and resell them for a profit. “So what they do is they rely on the public to go out and find derelict or empty houses. “So if you've got an empty house on your street that has been empty for a while [not for sale]... so if you go on a walk and spot any houses that are empty. READ MORE: Heating myths: How to properly heat your home of less “All you have to do is if you're the first person to report it to YouSpotProperty, you get to choose between a £20 Amazon or M&S voucher.” This is certainly not where the savings stop as they could be entitled to a percentage of the house value if it gets sold. Holly continued: “But not only that - if they go on to buy that house and sell it, you get one percent of the value.” She went on to detail how a man received £10,000 for an empty house that he spotted, which the property company went on to sell. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ hack to remove washing machine  [COMMENT]Cats: How to deter cats from your garden for ‘free’ [EXPERT]Cleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls [TIPS] Holly said: “Now, there's a great story to this - there was a guy that was sitting in traffic one day, his name's Paul Wood, and he was sitting in traffic and he spotted an empty house so he thought, 'When I get home I'm going to report that to YouSpotProperty to get my £20 voucher’. “They went on to buy that property and went on to sell that property for £1million and he got a cheque for £10,000. "So yeah, you can get up to £10,000 for finding empty properties." YouSpotProperty is run by Nicholas Kalms and Benjamin Radstone, both London residents. Nick and Ben have a real passion for rescuing property, and even more so, helping turn empty and unloved houses back into well-loved homes. They have a strong belief that not enough is being done to get these homes back into use and have created this website to alleviate this ongoing crisis. Between them they have over 30 years of experience in empty property, and call on a team of specialist researchers to help them track down the owners of derelict and unloved properties. There are many reasons a property might fall into disuse. Perhaps the owner has gone into care or moved away. Often people find themselves responsible for their childhood home after their parents have passed away. Emotionally attached to the property and possibly facing financial constraints, they might not have decided what to do with the property. Despite their best intentions, it can remain empty and become derelict. In these circumstances, a cash offer is aided by YouSpotProperty – along with their help in making the process of selling straightforward.