Emily, who boasts over 1.16 subscribers on her YouTube channel and 700k followers on Instagram and spoke with Express.co.uk about the project, including her must-have features for her dream home. Emily said the kitchen is one of the most important spaces in the home to her and explained she is carrying out an extension on the back of her property to maximise the kitchen. She said: "I'm extending at the back, which is going to be amazing, building my dream kitchen. "I think the kitchen is the heart of a home. I love to cook, I love to bake. So that was the main thing that I wanted to do." It's important to Emily to include lots of features in the kitchen to make her passion for food more efficient. She said: "I love efficient living, so I would just like everything to have a place. I would like everything to be super easy. "I've lived in a lot of different places. I've lived in rentals, and I definitely think I've learned a lot from that. READ MORE: 'Kitchen goals': 10 'must-have' kitchen features to 'make life a little easier' "A lot of them are in the kitchen. Little things, like a pot filler was essential for me, and a hot tap." A pot filler is a specialised tap with an articulated arm, allowing it to swing out over the range, so heavy pots full of water don't have to be carried. They are also sometimes known as pasta arms. Hot taps, on the other hand, dispense boiling water instantly. They remove the need for a kettle and are much more energy efficient. Emily's vision extends beyond the kitchen and to bathrooms too. She said: "This is a really special project because this is my dream home. I don't think I'll ever get the opportunity to renovate a house like this ever again. "There are little things in a property that I associate with a dream home, like having your bath separate your shower. DON'T MISSDIY renovator creates 'bright, spacious' home with paint trick [INTERIORS] Huge mistake people make when painting walls [EXPERT] 'One of the nicest kitchens I've ever seen': DIY space created with paint [PICTURES] "It's a tiny thing, but to me if I go into a house that has a separate bath and shower, I'm like, 'Wow, it's so posh thing I really wanted to have my house.'" In terms of the living room, a comfortable sofa is also on Emily's list, although she won't be plumping for the "it" sofa of the moment. "I feel like the Restoration Hardware Cloud Sofa is what everyone wants. That's like the dream. But, obviously we can't get it in the UK." She went on: "I'm all about making your home that beautiful, but if your sofas not comfortable then there's no point." The YouTuber had another essential too, this time for the bedroom. She said: "For me, this is a really random one, but blackout blinds in a bedroom. "I think if you struggled to sleep with sunlight, having that is just such an amazing feature. "It's the little things that make life easier are the most essential things in a home." Emily is detailing her own renovation journey on Welcome Home, where she is also sharing house tours and interiors. On the Welcome Home channel is exploring properties across the UK, from more affordable homes to exclusive glimpse inside some of the UK's most luxurious propertoes. Emily is also using the Welcome Home podcast to explore the dos and don'ts of buying, exporing mortgages and the reality of buying new build properties.