Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex's royal tour of the Caribbean is scheduled to take place from April 22 to April 28 but Grenada has been scrapped from the itinerary after consultations with the Government of Grenada and the Governor-General. They are planning to go ahead with the rest of their planned itinerary, visiting Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, and Antigua and Barbuda. It was announced Grenade would be taken off the itinerary on Thursday, but no official explanation has been given yet. Ambassador Arley Gill, Chairman of the Grenada National Reparations Committee, said: “This exhibit at the Bank of England’s museum in London brings home to us now — if we were not aware of it before — the exploitation of Grenada as a colony of Great Britain and its institutions, and should intensify our urgent call-to-action to every Grenadian to join the fight for reparations and reparatory justice for the descendants of enslaved people here in Grenada. He added: "The time has come for the British government and the descendants of British elites who benefitted from the enslavement of our ancestors to own-up to this heinous crime against humanity - and do the right thing". This comes in the wake of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's challenging tour of the Caribbean last month. The tour, which was widely seen to be part of a "charm offensive", saw the couple visit Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas.  The future King and Queen were forced to abandon the first stop on their tour of Belize, as they were met with protests over a land rights dispute relating to Prince William's patronage of a conservation charity. Meanwhile, their visit to Jamaica was marked out by the Jamaican Prime Minister's announcement that the country intends to become a republic. In an official meeting with Kate and William, the country's Prime Minister Andrew Holness said: "Jamaica is a very free and liberal country and the people are very expressive —and I’m certain that you would have seen the spectrum of expressions yesterday", partly referring to protests demanding reparations for slavery, which took place in the capital. He added: "There are issues here, which as you know, are unresolved, but your presence gives us an opportunity for those issues to be placed in context, to be out front and centre and to be addressed as best we can. "But Jamaica is, as you would see, is a country that is proud of its history and very proud of what we have achieved.  "And we’re moving on and we intend to… fulfil our true ambitions and destiny to become an independent, developed and prosperous country." Just two days after Kate and William left Belize, the country's lawmakers suggested that it would be moving towards independence from the British monarchy. Speaking in the Belizean parliament on Thursday, the Minister for Constitutional and Political Reform, Henry Charles Usher said "perhaps it is time for Belize to take the next step" towards independence. He said: "Madam Speaker, the decolonisation process is enveloping the Caribbean region. "Perhaps it is time for Belize to take that next step in truly owning our independence." DON'T MISS: Royal LIVE: 'Divide and rule' Palace backlash at Harry's US interview [LIVE] Harry drops bombshell hint that he may RETURN to UK in major interview [INSIGHT] 'Harry's expression says it all!' Sussexes body language analysed [REVEAL] Speaking earlier in April, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams claimed that Sophie and Edward's agenda in the Caribbean will have been "carefully revised" to ensure "maximum goodwill". He told Express.co.uk: "In future host countries must ensure controversial events, such as the first stop on the tour in Belize, are off the agenda. "The royals should be warmly welcomed as should have happened officially in Jamaica. "The issue of a republic may well move centre stage in several realms in the coming years and the press should get used to demonstrators about this issue. "Anything linked to colonialism can be awkward, but the creation of the Commonwealth has proved the perfect way for all its 54 nations to forge an equal future and the Queen has largely been its creator." Mr Fitzwilliams added: "As the Earl and Countess of Wessex head off to the Caribbean, their agenda will have been carefully revised to ensure the maximum goodwill is generated." Royal commentator Victoria Ward agreed, saying that palace officials are "desperate" to prevent PR issues, claiming they have "quietly shelved" certain appearances. Writing in the Telegraph, she said: "Palace officials desperate to avoid further PR pitfalls have been carefully studying the Wessexes’ itinerary ahead of their tour later this month of Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia and St Vincent and the Grenadines. "Part of the criticism facing the Cambridges’ tour was that there was too much focus on emulating the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh’s hugely successful tours of their day. "While the Wessexes will certainly want to ensure the focus remains on the Queen’s historic seven-decade reign, any potential plans to echo their movements in Grenada by greeting the crowds in an open-top car, as Her Majesty and Prince Philip did on their first visit to the country in 1966, will have been quietly shelved." 