The mother is now accused of the manslaughter of her son, Hakeem Hussain, as pictures show how she “used his blue inhalers to smoke drugs”, according to the prosecution. Laura Heath, 39, denies the accusation. The pictures, which have been shown to the jury in Coventry Crown Court, show their home full of rubbish and clutter. The jury has been told that Hakeem was found outside on Sunday, November 26 2017, having “died alone” wearing only a top and pyjama bottoms, at a time when the temperature outside was near freezing, at 2 to 3 degrees. Describing the images, prosecuting lawyer Matthew Brook said: “Blue inhalers with foil over them. “Her use of asthma equipment to smoke drugs, you might think, is a metaphor for her neglect of Hakeem.” Prosecutors argued that at the time of Hakeem’s death “sourcing heroin and crack cocaine” had become his mother’s “first priority in life.” The court heard that Laura Heath and Hakeem had temporarily moved from a house on Long Acre to a house on Cook Street in the days before Hakeem’s death, with Heath going back and forth between the properties. Chloe Cooper, a friend of Ms Heath, had visited the Cook Street residence the day before Hakeem’s body was found. She said she was “shocked” by the scene she encountered, and described the house as “not clean” and smelling of “raw smoke”. Ms Cooper carried Hakeem to the Long Acre property with Ms Heath, the court heard, only to find it in an even worse state. Describing the property at Long Acre, she said: “It wasn’t home at all for her or Hakeem. It was just bags and bags. As soon as you walked in. “The kitchen was disgusting. The front room wasn’t nice. It wasn’t the way I knew Laura lived.” She added that Hakeem didn’t have a bedroom, and slept on the sofa. Neelam Kumari, one of Hakeem’s primary school teachers, said: “He was neglected. Dirty, overgrown hair, dirty clothes. You could see from his hands he hadn’t had a bath in I don’t know how many days. “He was not very well looked after, physical health-wise.” READ MORE: Airlines turn on Government amid Easter travel chaos [REVEAL] Another teacher, Hannah Fennell, testified that Hakeem’s uniform and bag smelled of cigarettes and his jumper smelled of “stale urine”. A child protection meeting with Hakeem’s teachers and his social worker had taken place just two days before he was found dead, the court heard, during which the school nurse had warned that Hakeem was at risk of dying and that he should be taken away from his mother immediately. A horrifying 999 call was played to the jury in which Ms Heath reported her son’s death. Lawyers stated that on that night, Hakeem had gone to bed at around 10pm the previous evening, adding: “The defendant says she joined him in the same bed an hour or two later after she had smoked heroin in the living room... Usually when he had difficulty breathing he would wake his mother up.” “The evidence shows on this occasion his mother had not come to his aid and sadly Hakeem’s lifeless body was found in the garden... there was no sign of his asthma medication being with him.” DON'T MISS: Kate’s concern after giving birth to Prince Louis [REVEAL]Thomas Markle hits out at Harry and Meghan over UK return [INSIGHT]Ghislaine Maxwell 'hated' Princess Diana and 'made her cry' [ANALYSIS] A 999 call from Ms Heath at 7:37am was played to the jury after she discovered her son. She said: "He’s dead... my son… he’s took himself outside when we’re asleep because he’s got asthma… and he’s fell asleep… he’s dead… he must have woke up and took himself outside so he can… he’s got asthma… he’s fell asleep outside…he must’ve done… he didn’t wake me up." The court heard the operator offering to assist Heath but she replied: "He's gone... he's blue and he's stiff. There's no saving him. He's gone." The tearful defendant could also be heard saying: "He's my baby... he's my baby." Paramedics arrived quickly at the scene, but confirmed Hakeem’s death at 7.45am. Police attended shortly after. The trial continues.