The latest Eurobarometer published by the EU Commission revealed that only 32 percent of French people trust the EU, putting France at the very bottom of the list of EU member states. The shocking results of the poll, which was conducted between January and February 2022, come as French voters are about to decide on whether to allow Mr Macron a second presidential term or elect the far-right leader of the National Rally, Marine Le Pen. Voters will head to the polls on Sunday, April 24, for what looks set to be the closest race between the two candidates. Mr Macron, a pro-European centrist, became president in 2017 after easily beating Ms Le Pen when voters rallied behind him to keep the far-right out of power. This time, he faces a tougher challenge. Slightly behind in opinion polls, Ms Le Pen has successfully softened her image and tapped into anger over the cost of living and a perception Mr Macron is disconnected from everyday hardships. Some polls show her victory in the April 24 runoff is within the margin of error. Commenting on Ms Le Pen's policies, EU expert Mujtaba Rahman said: "Le Pen’s program amounts to Frexit by stealth. "Though she claims she no longer wants to leave the EU, almost all her economic, social and migration policies rest on breaking EU law. It is a manifesto incompatible with EU membership." The French President has been on the campaign trail across the country since he won the first round of the election last weekend. Speaking in Strasbourg to a crowd of supporters waving French and EU flags, Mr Macron said next week's vote will also be a vote on the European Union. He said: "I want to speak to you here with the words of the heart, the conviction to tell you why this election is also a referendum on Europe. "The right-wing candidate proposes a nationalist project, which is not patriotism. "This nationalist project, and I say it here, a few meters from where François Mitterrand pronounced these words, among the last of his last mandate: 'Nationalism is war'. READ MORE: Ukrainian caller brands Brits 'pathetic' for telling Boris to resign "And so yes, the far-right project is a project to leave the Council of Europe, that is to say to leave our base of values ​​and rights. To leave the Council of Europe is to leave the European Union, since it is its Constitution, its founding principle. "This is a project where the far-right candidate explained to us yesterday that she wanted to get out of the energy market. "What does it mean? In a very concrete way, forty days without light per year and several billion euros of export of our electricity which makes it possible to lower the bill of the French in less. An absurdity. "Who can believe for a single second that these projects would be comparable? On the European question, who can believe it? "What I defend is a framework of peace, stability, values, democracy and freedom. "Our Europe is peace (...) , it is what protects us from crises and war (…). It is through Europe that we will build peace, I tell you with seriousness." DON'T MISS:Putin given ‘another bloody nose’ [INSIGHT]What forces Putin has left - & the ongoing argument over dead soldiers [ANALYSIS]Brexit LIVE: Le Pen hails UK in £4bn Frexit ultimatum to bloc [LIVE BLOG] Speaking at a rally in Eastern France, Macron also accused Le Pen of secretly planning to take the country out of the EU. He said: "She wants to leave but dare not dare say so, and that's never good. "She says that she wants an alliance of nation states, but she is going to find herself in a corner and she is going to try to come up with an alliance with her friends." On Wednesday, Ms Le Pen - a eurosceptic who had long professed admiration for Russian President Vladimir Putin - gave a news conference on her foreign policy plans, which she said was aimed at clearing up what she called misunderstandings. "Nobody is against Europe," said Ms Le Pen, who has ditched plans to leave the EU or the euro, which cost her votes in past elections. She said she aimed to reform the EU from the inside, in what critics say would be a "Frexit" departure from the bloc in all but name.