Jeremy Kyle took a step back from TV for three years after his ITV show The Jeremy Kyle Show was axed in May 2019, following the death of guest Steve Dymond. Jeremy appeared alongside Sharon Osbourne on the long-awaited and heavily promoted channel TalkTV, where Piers Morgan also made his comeback. However, his return to screens in The Talk was met with some annoyed and angry viewers who claimed they "won't watch" the show if he presents it. Since his programme was axed, Jeremy has kept a low profile and hasn't been seen on TV screens since. However, as he joined Sharon, Esther Krakue, Nicola Thorp, and JJ Anisiobi to discuss the biggest headlines of the week, several viewers commented on his presence. Taking to social media to air their frustrations, Nick Ransom said on Twitter: "Wow. @TalkTV hired Jeremy Kyle. "It seems as an industry we really do have no standards or accountability anymore." READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy Susan Knowles commented: "Absolutely gutted @TalkTV why would you put Jeremy Kyle back on tv! Now I won’t watch." @BobHope12000 added: "@piersmorgan Pretty good, but one question. Why oh why is Jeremy Kyle on the channel? @TalkTV." @HowardJunno fumed: "Jeremy Kyle? Really? In his trailer, he says he 'wants British people involved', he did on his previous show, branding them in the most disgusting terms, bullying them... "I wish Talk TV luck, but, Kyle? I'm against 'cancelling', bullies are exceptions." Not all viewers were annoyed by Jeremy's appearance on the show, with Nathan Watkins praising: "Great to see @MrsSOsbourne and Jeremy Kyle back on TV @TheTalkUK @TalkTV." Peter Todd agreed: "I'm glad @TalkTV has signed #JeremyKyle for their network. He won't hold back on the views/opinions, he's one of the finest broadcasters, and I'm glad to see him back on the screen." (sic) Jeremy and his show were abruptly pulled off air in 2019 after Steve Dymond took his own life after appearing on the show. Steve appeared on the programme and was told he had failed a lie detector after he was trying to prove he hadn't cheated on his partner. DON'T MISS...Jeremy Kyle health: Star ignored cancer sign for a 'few months' [INSIGHT]Sharon Osbourne brands Prince Andrew an 'utter disgrace' [LATEST]Dr Shola unleashes at Boris as Ukraine war‘distraction’ from Partygate [WATCH] Channel 4 launched an investigation into the daytime show following the death and aired a two-part documentary which revealed their findings. The show named Jeremy Kyle Show: Death on Daytime explored the scandal and the behind the scenes issues that happened on the show. After viewers listened to the alleged incidents that occurred behind the scenes, many called on talkRADIO to fire Jeremy from his current gig. After the documentary aired, Jeremy addressed the negative allegations during his drivetime segment on RadioTV last month. "I will say only this, my friends, to you. I have maintained a consistent approach over the last three years. "I have said that I will not comment on the tragic death of Steve Dymond until the legal process is finished, and that is a position that I will maintain. "When and trust me, there will be a time after the inquest when it is proper for me to have my say because there are two sides to every story. "I will do it here, and I will do it to you, and that is the most important thing." The Talk airs weeknights from 9pm on TalkTV.