Johnny Depp, 58, and Amber Heard’s, 36, multi-million-dollar defamation trial continued on Monday with new audio recordings. As the lawsuit began its third week, Johnny resumed giving evidence on the stand at Fairfax County Courthouse in Virginia. The jury first heard new audio clips of Amber shouting at Johnny: “Go and put your f***ing cigarettes out on someone else. "You will have consequences for your actions!” Johnny replied by telling his then-wife to “shut up fat a**.” When probed by Amber’s lawyer, Ben Rottenborn, Johnny denied ever putting a cigarette out, or throwing one, at the actress. READ MORE:Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ In a later recording, Johnny said: “If I don’t walk away right now, it is just going to be a bloodbath, like it was on the island.” He then asked Amber: “Why be miserable? Can we just have some understanding?” To which Amber said: “Please can we? No one in their right mind is going to choose a bloodbath over walking away, obviously, if you are given the option.” Johnny winced in court as he heard himself say: “Then why has it been chosen so many times?” Other recordings featured Amber sounding emotional, while she told Johnny to "listen to me cry". Text messages shown to the court also saw Johnny calling the Aquaman star a "lesbian camp counsellor," a term he says Amber originated. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor is suing his ex-wife over an op-ed written for The Washington Post in 2018. In the article, Amber said she had been “harassed and sexually assaulted by the time” she was of “college age”. DON'T MISSWill Smith may face 'one of ugliest divorces' as Jada talks 'healing'[INSIGHT]Johnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip[LATEST]Kiefer Sutherland details ‘distant’ relationship with dad Donald[NEWS] She added that she became “a public figure representing domestic abuse” two years prior to writing. Johnny was not named in the piece, but his lawyers claim it falsely implies that the actor abused her and are suing Amber for $50 million. Amber denies any accusations and is counter suing Johnny for $100 million. Shortly before the trial began, Amber shared a public message about her ex-husband, to whom she was married from 2015 until 2017. In her statement, she said that she still has “love” for him and that she hopes they can both “move on”. She penned in view of her 4.2 million Instagram followers: “I wrote about the price women pay for speaking out against men in power. "I continue to pay that price, but hopefully when this case concludes, I can move on and so can Johnny. “I have always maintained a love for Johnny and it brings me great pain to have to live out the details of our past life together in front of the world.”