Vladimir Putin had thought he would have an easy conquest of his neighbour. At his disposal were 900,000 troops, 3,000 tanks and 5,000 artillery pieces, compared to Ukraine's army of just 190,000 soldiers, 860 tanks and 2,000 guns. Putin planned to overrun the nation in a few days, overthrow the government of Volodymyr Zelensky and install a puppet regime. But the illusions of subjugation are now as ruined as the burnt-out Russian tanks littering the roads to Kyiv. His adventure has turned into a miserable, blood-soaked failure, at great human cost. As the Russians withdraw from large swathes of northern Ukraine, they leave behind mounting evidence of their inhumanity as well as their ineptitude. In the town of Bucha, which became a graveyard for the Kremlin's hopes of capturing Kyiv, reporters have seen corpses of murdered civilians in the streets, their hands tied behind their backs. According to Anatoly Fedoruk, the town's mayor, at least 270 people have been buried there in mass graves, which would make this the darkest massacre in Europe since Srebrenica during the Bosnian War. Yet the lengthening catalogue of atrocities can only reinforce the Ukrainians' astonishing defiance. National pride is bolstered by the desire for justice, as the cause of defence is imbued with an epic sense of moral purpose, like Britain during the Blitz. The Ukrainian fight against Russia will go down in history as a struggle of extraordinary heroism, where the defenders have proved themselves far more nimble and determined than their lumbering, vicious foe. The idea of Russian military might under Putin has been comprehensively shattered. Leadership and planning have been poor, morale low and equipment inadequate. Vehicles have broken down and supplies run short. It is estimated 60 percent of Russia's precision-guided missiles have failed, while 40,000 of their troops have been killed, captured or wounded. But the support of the West has also been a crucial factor, not just through tightening economic sanctions but also the provision of vast amounts of lethal aid, especially anti-tank and anti-aircraft missiles.  Britain has been at the forefront of this initiative, partly because of the strength of President Zelensky's relationship with Boris Johnson. "We've become the default coordinator of other countries," said a British Government source yesterday. So far, direct British backing has included the training of over 22,000 troops under Operation Orbital and the despatch of 4,000 missiles, among them the New Generation Light Anti-Tank Weapon (NLAW) which has become prized by Ukrainian soldiers for its deadliness and portability. Inlaws are thought to have been responsible for destroying between 30 and 40 percent of the 600 tanks Russia has lost. Just as effective is the Starstreak anti-aircraft missile now going into action for the Ukrainian defences. Built by the firm of Thales in Belfast, this system fires a projectile at three times the speed of sound, has a range of over four miles and is guided to its target by a ground operator so cannot be distracted by infrared decoys. "It really is a step change in the capability of the Ukrainians," says a defence spokesman. The Starstreak's potency was dramatically illustrated at the weekend in footage of a missile tearing apart a Russian Mi-28 helicopter in mid-air. Britain has promised Ukraine another 6,000 missiles, and is urgently investigating the supply of anti-ship weapons to hamper Russian seaborne attacks on Ukrainian ports like Odesa and Mariupol.  Indeed, as Putin begins to focus on the Donbas region in the east and on the southern coast, this is the very moment to expand our military aid. The war is far from over, as the indiscriminate shelling of Ukrainian cities demonstrates. Ukraine needs far more support to consolidate its gains, further exploit Russian vulnerabilities and begin to drive them back. In addition, the West will have to provide enormous humanitarian and structural aid to rebuild the country, along the lines of the post-war European recovery Marshall Plan. But the West has proved that it is willing to take this burden. In the face of Putin's aggression, Nato has never been so united in its 73-year history. The Russian leader grossly underestimated this spirit, and he is now paying the price. 