Weeks after the Russian army pulled back from the Ukrainian town of Bucha following a month-long occupation in which hundreds of civilians were killed, locals have told of the use of projectiles commonly employed in World War One and in Vietnam and rarely seen in modern conflicts. Known as fléchettes, they look like tiny darts – and their design can shred human flesh. Ms Chmut, speaking of the horror her town underwent, recalled: "Everything around us was burning. "There was no fresh air, and you could not see the sun." Fighting in Bucha led to what was at the time the most direct condemnation of Russia's actions in Ukraine, with global leaders saying they believed war crimes had been committed. More than 360 civilians are known to have lost their lives during the period Russian troops spent there, while around 260-280 were buried in a mass grave by other residents, according to Deputy Mayor Taras Shapravskyi. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, at the close of a visit to the war-torn nation, said: "My instinct says: If this is not a war crime, what is a war crime, but I am a medical doctor by training and lawyers have to investigate carefully." Specifically referring to Bucha, she added: "I saw the photos, (Ukrainian prime minister) Denys Shmyhal showed me: Killing people as they are walking by. "We could also see with our own eyes, that the destruction in the city is targeted into the civilian lives. Residential buildings are no military target." As forensics teams search for evidence that war crimes were committed by exhuming the mass grave containing the bodies of the dead civilians, the focus of the Russians has turned elsewhere. On Tuesday, Putin's troops seized the Ukrainian town of Kremmina, the first city confirmed to have been taken by Moscow since the start of the "second phase" of the war. About 350 miles southeast of the capital Kyiv, Kreminna had a population of more than 18,000 before it was attacked "from all sides", as described by Serhiy Gaidai, the governor of the Luhansk region. DON'T MISSPutin ally found dead in Moscow apartment with wife and daughter [REPORT]Is the EU allowing Russia to evade sanctions? [ANALYSIS]Russians launch attack in Spain as man shouts 'Glory Ukraine' [VIDEO] He said: "Kreminna is under the control of the 'Orcs' [Russians]. They have entered the city. "Our defenders had to withdraw. They have entrenched themselves in new positions and continue to fight the Russian army." Evacuated residents from the city have said they cannot reach relatives and friends there, while Moscow denies targeting civilians. Mr Gaidai said: "It is impossible to calculate the number of dead among the civilian population. We have official statistics — about 200 dead — but in reality, there are many more." The governor did not specify what period the estimated death toll covered. However, Russia's success in Kreminna and the damage to people's lives there hint at a change of strategy by Putin's people after it struggled to advance against Ukrainian servicemen's fierce resistance elsewhere. A senior US defence official told reporters that while they couldn't confirm Kyiv's reports regarding Kreminna, limited offensive operations observed by Washington southwest of Donetsk and south of Izyum are "preludes to large offensive operations that the Russians still plan to conduct". Meanwhile, an EU official told reporters the latest assessment hinted that Moscow would be able to take the remainder of Luhansk and "a bit" of Donetsk as well as a very narrow land corridor to Crimea. The official added Mariupol was likely to fall within days, and intense fighting was expected for Kherson. Yet, they said Ukraine was otherwise well-positioned to limit the Russian advance. Capturing Donbas and the southern port city of Mariupol would help Putin establish a land link between the territory it controls in eastern Ukraine and the Crimea region that it seized and annexed in 2014.