Katya Adler suggested tensions between France and the UK on issues relating to Brexit as well as immigration could rise further now Emmanuel Macron secured five more years in the Élisée Palace. Mr Macron snatched an overwhelming victory over Marine Le Pen on Sunday, winning over 58 percent of the vote. The French leader maintained a considerably hard stance towards Britain throughout the Brexit negotiations, with Paris and London clashing repeatedly on energy, fisheries, and illegal Channel crossings. Speaking to BBC Breakfast, Ms Adler said: "Boris Johnson was quick to congratulate Emmanuel Macron. In his tweet, he described France as one of the UK's 'best and closest allies.' "However, we know the relationship between the two countries have been difficult, at least from a public relations perspective, since Brexit. "Emmanuel Macron played the role among EU leaders during the Brexit negotiations of Brexit bad cop, he was the tough one and he quite enjoyed that role. "Since then, there's been lots of sparring between the two sides over fishing rights, and also immigration – people who are trying to cross the Channel between France to get to the UK and accusations in the Government that France hasn't always done it's best to stop boats crossing." READ THE LATEST IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S BREXIT LIVE BLOG "There will be hope in Downing Street that now Emmanuel Macron is comfortably in his seat as president for a second term, that some of those relations could be easier." The BBC Europe editor however warned it "will not be a smooth ride between UK and France." She added: "There is cooperation between the two sides, there's long0standing military agreement cooperation. "I think the Prime Minister is right, France is a close ally, that's definitely reflected when you speak to French politicians as well. READ MORE: 'Pensioners to lose £7800 a year' Eamonn Holmes rages at abandon 'Normal to go food banks' "But a very, very smooth ride going forward it will not be. There's definitely a bad temper over Brexit and the French feel, in regard to migration over the Channel, they are doing their bit and the Government has to do more." And President Macron made tackling "doubts and division" the main line in his acceptance speech amid concerns a second term could sow further breaks within France itself. He said: "Many in this country voted for me not because they support my ideas but to keep out those of the far-right. I want to thank them and know I owe them a debt in the years to come. "We will have to be benevolent and respectful because our country is riddled with so many doubts, so many divisions." DON'T MISS: Pension crisis: 'Desperate' scenario with 600,000 more in poverty [INSIGHT] Ukrainian troops now being trained on BRITISH soil [REVEAL] EU 'ruling elite' are 'funding Putin's war machine' [ANALYSIS] 