The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge began dating after meeting at the University of St Andrews in 2001. The pair then became engaged in 2010, and took part in their first-ever joint video interview in October of that year where Prince William revealed how he popped the question. The pair married in April 2011, making it one decade since their relationship began. Tina Brown, author of ‘The Palace Papers: Inside The House Of Windsor - The Truth And The Turmoil’, claims Kate used “a lot of care and strategy to end up married to William”. She claims the switch from being the girlfriend of a future king to being married to one is tricky to navigate. She uses the game snakes and ladders to describe the course Kate has had to chart during the relationship. Ms Brown claims this path is like “an obstacle course” and that there were potential pitfalls Kate needed to avoid. Ms Brown told The Post Kate required "a lot of care and strategy to end up married to William". She added: “They were madly in love all the way through but…making it from the loving girlfriend to the future queen, that’s an obstacle course. “And it’s like snakes and ladders. At any moment she could have stepped on the wrong square and had a snake.” READ MORE: Expert pinpoints why Meghan Markle mindset would collapse monarchy The royal author went on to claim that Kate had her mother’s help during his decade. Ms Brown claims Kate’s mother Carole Middleton was “very critical” in helping her “avoid the snakes on the board.” William has previously spoken about his and Kate’s relationship was built on the foundation of friendship, something he describes as a “massive advantage”. In their engagement interview, he said: “When I first met Kate, I knew there was something very special about her. I knew there was possibly something that I wanted to explore there.” DON'T MISS Kate Middleton is 'special' while Sophie Wessex is more 'accessible' [ANALYSIS] King Felipe VI's staggering wealth laid bare for first time [REVEAL]Camilla taking on Queen Consort title was 'not inevitable' [REPORT] He added: “We ended up being friends for a while, and that just sort of was a good foundation. “Because I do generally believe now that being friends with one another is a massive advantage. And it just went from there.” While living together as friends at university, William admitted he attempted to impress his then-girlfriend by making “amazing fancy dinners.” The couple broke up briefly in early 2007, during which time William was completing his military pilot training and Kate was working in London. However, the pair reconciled and their relationship went from strength to strength. For the pair’s wedding in 2011, the Duchess of Cambridge looked stunning in an Alexander McQueen lace gown, designed by Sarah Burton, while the Duke wore a red Irish Guards Mounted Officer’s uniform. Two years later, they welcomed their first child Prince George, who is third in the line of succession. They welcomed their second child in 2015 and Princess Charlotte became the first princess born to the Royal Family in more than 25 years. George and Charlotte’s sibling, Prince Louis, was born in April 2018 and made his debut in his mother’s arms on the steps of St. Mary’s Hospital in London. William and Kate celebrate their tenth wedding anniversary last year by releasing new portraits taken by Chris Floyd. One of the snaps shows the Duke and Duchess holding hands while surrounded by trees and greenery. Another sees the Duke and Duchess share a smiling embrace on the palace grounds.