The Scottish independence question has been thrust back under the spotlight in the last month after the country's parties held their respective conferences. Both the Scottish National Party (SNP) and the Scottish Greens — who are in partnership — confirmed that the government planned to push ahead with its aim of holding a referendum in 2023. At the Scottish Greens conference, some controversial claims were made in regards to the war in Ukraine. Lorna Slater, the party's co-leader and Scotland Circular Economy Minister, used her speech to insist a “fairer, greener and independent Scotland” could offer “safety and solidarity to refugees”. She said it was “time to have a conversation about what kind of country we want to be” as she answered questions on the Ukraine refugee crisis. Later, speaking on BBC Scotland’s The Sunday Show, Ms Slater said: “I think that as an independent country, a proud member of the EU, that has the power to do things like upgrade our own electricity grid, install our own offshore cables… “There’s so much we can’t do ‒ our hands are tied by Westminster, and we could do much more as an independent country, we could take in more refugees." Reacting to her comments, John Lamont, the Scottish Conservative MP for Berwickshire, Roxburgh and Selkirk, told Express.co.uk that he did not believe there was any space to compare Scottish independence and the ongoing humanitarian crisis in Ukraine. Describing Ms Slater's words as an exercise in "point-scoring", he said: "I don't think these types of comments are particularly helpful. "The reality is we're all coming together across different parts of the UK to try and provide as much help to the people of Ukraine as possible. "I think the UK now has a very robust scheme in place in terms of the different routes that we can take families and children from that country. "This type of argument, which the Greens and some in the SNP have tried to create, really does not help. "I think the general public expects us all to be working together on these types of issues, regardless of party politics. JUST IN: POLL: Is Boris Johnson using Ukraine crisis to save himself? "These types of point-scoring exercises which Lorna Slater has pushed don't help, and I don't think they help those people fleeing that war-torn country." More than ten million Ukrainians have fled their homes because of Russia's invasion, according to the United Nations. As well as the 4.3 million who have left for neighbouring countries, another 6.5 million people are thought to be displaced inside the war-torn country itself. Last month, the UK's Home for Ukraine scheme launched to much praise. On the first day alone, 100,000 Britons signed up to offer refugees a place in their home, each refugee offered £350 a month, tax-free, by the Government. DON'T MISS The 2 clear signs that Vladimir Putin is suffering with ill health [REPORT] Nicola Sturgeon mocked as SNP plan destroyed after ferry fiasco [INSIGHT] UK victory! Boris brings in new laws as Prince Charles [ANALYSIS] However, only around 1,200 people have so far arrived in Britain under the scheme, while another 10,800 have arrived under the Ukrainian family scheme for those with existing family connections to the UK. Earlier this month, for the first time, Priti Patel apologised for the time it has taken for Ukrainian refugees to arrive in the UK after the figures showed a wide disparity in the number of those arriving compared to those signed up. In a pre-recorded interview with the BBC, Patel said: “I apologise with frustration myself… it takes time to start up a new route.” Ms Slater did not explain exactly how an independent Scotland would get around the logistical issues the UK has faced in its efforts. However, she has the support of Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon, who insisted that it is still her aim to use the support of the Greens to hold a ballot before the end of next year. This is despite opposition from the UK Government, and the fact that the SNP did not win a majority in last year's Scottish Parliament elections — a point which Ms Sturgeon said would prove the Scottish people wanted independence. Responding to Ms Sturgeon's party conference comments, Scottish Conservative constitution spokesman Donald Cameron said: “It’s disgraceful that, despite our economic recovery remaining fragile, and a war in Ukraine, the nationalists still want to push ahead with trying to divide us. "The last thing we need is the extremist, anti-growth Greens obsessing over independence, especially when their economic arguments for breaking up the UK have never been weaker. “It’s high time the SNP-Green government stopped fantasising over separation and focused more on our recovery from the pandemic, as well as supporting the humanitarian efforts in Ukraine.”