By Easter Sunday, the weather had gone dark, cold and wet as Russian missiles again rained down on the capital with a vengeance. This week, Mariupol, an important southern coastal city defended by arguably the bravest of fighters, looks set to fall. If it does, and as Russian forces regroup in the east, it could lead to a renewed siege of the capital, which has busied itself documenting war crimes committed at the start of the invasion in its northern suburbs. Kyiv's citizens seemed to have put all this to the back of their minds, perhaps prematurely. Hardly an air raid siren was heard on Friday - at least until night fell. There were people literally dancing in the street. By Saturday, news spread of a military plant on the left bank being hit by a missile and early on Sunday, another hit a suburb to the east. These seem minor compared with increasingly intensive fighting around Kharkiv or the Donbas. Kyiv authorities warned citizens not to hurry back to their homes, that the capital is still not safe. At the same time, signals were mixed, with Mayor Vitaly Klitschko reducing the curfew by two hours. Many want to check on their homes and perhaps on family members who stayed behind, maybe even return to their jobs. The Italian ambassador has returned to Kyiv and promised to open the embassy today and the State Service for Emergency Situations reported that over 10,000 volunteers have signed up to assist in cleaning up the post-war rubble. "Derussification" efforts continue with many crossing out signs of streets named after Russians. Near Victory Square, a street was named after 19th Century Russian writer Ivan Turgenev. On one sign, he still exists, on another, his name has been whited out. I ask a passerby in (accented) Russian if the street was officially renamed. In Ukrainian, he said: "They have been planning to do it." But he abruptly stops, gives me a suspicious look, and carries on. I asked two middle-aged women the same thing. They laughed then responded "not yet" in Russian. Mayor Klitschko was more definite. He said: "In Kyiv, there are still dozens of streets and other places with names connected to the enemy.