 Motorists could be fined or witness someone being fined this weekend for holding up traffic, with the police reportedly on the lookout to try and ensure traffic moves smoothly. Those driving large or slow-moving vehicles can be fined £5,000 for creating or holding up a long queue of traffic.  Rule 169 of the Highway Code states: “Do not hold up a long queue of traffic, especially if you are driving a large or slow-moving vehicle. “Check your mirrors frequently, and if necessary, pull in where it is safe and let traffic pass.” The most likely targets of this rule are tractors, caravans, trailers and horseboxes. Similarly, when it comes to being overtaken, Rule 168 outlines that when a driver is trying to overtake a slower driver, they should maintain a steady course and speed. READ MORE: MINI Electric review  The driver being overtaken should slow down if necessary to let the vehicle pass, as the guidance clarifies: “Never obstruct drivers who wish to pass." Speeding up or driving unpredictably while someone is overtaking is dangerous. The Highway Code advises motorists to drop back to maintain a two-second gap if someone overtakes and pulls into the gap in front of their vehicle. Greg Wilson, founder of Quotezone.co.uk, said farmers and drivers of other larger vehicles could be penalised. DON'T MISSHolidaymakers’ cars left in muddy fields [SHOCKING]Drivers vent their anger at EV owners who don’t have chargers [INSIGHT]New EU speed limiters which may be mandatory in all cars slammed [WARNING]  He said: “Traffic jams could be more numerous and longer as holidaymakers avoid foreign trips due to the chaos and cancellation at airports and ports – with the addition of mass rail engineering works ruling out alternative transport closer to home. “Farmers are incredibly busy and it’s not always possible to pull over but it’s really important to be as safe as possible on the roads and also safeguard finances. “Penalty points could see insurance premiums increase by as much as 25 percent for six points. “Given tractor insurance can be rather expensive, it isn’t worth the financial risk or potentially losing a driving licence if the new penalties push total points to more than 12.”  It is hoped this will help ease congestion in areas where traffic may be particularly bad this weekend with millions looking to get away for Easter. Cornwall’s roads are expected to be busier than usual with tourists flocking to the region and local residents looking to enjoy the long weekend. Inevitably, this will bring traffic jams and delays, with the police being able to take action against any drivers holding up other drivers, according to Cornwall Live. The Highway Code and police advise those that are creating long queues to pull over where it is safe to do so and allow traffic to overtake.  The frustration of waiting in traffic and being held up by a slow-moving vehicle can lead to dangerous manoeuvres when trying to bypass farm vehicles. Holding up more than six cars could risk three to nine points on a driving licence and a fine of up to £5,000. Police could well be seen enforcing the rule during the busy Easter period on roads across the country. It is believed that more than 20 million leisure trips will be taken this weekend as people look to spend time away for the long weekend.