But as spring arrives, this historically good period for buying a new home could still be your best chance to secure the house of your dreams in 2022. GoodMove conducted research by analysing Rightmove HPI data from the past two years across each region in the UK. It analysed average house prices and the average time it takes to acquire a buyer in the UK, to help predict when it is the best time to buy and sell in 2022. Comparing data from 2021, its research found April was the month with the lowest overall house prices across the UK, standing at £205,861. Interestingly, April was also the month with the lowest overall house prices for 2020, at £279,422. While the market has changed considerably over the course of the last two years thanks to the coronavirus pandemic and global supply chain issues, things could be on the up for prospective buyers, according to GoodMove experts.  READ MORE: House prices soar £33k in one year - higher than the average salary Ross Counsell, chartered surveyor and Director at GoodMove, told Express.co.uk: “Spring is notoriously the best time to buy a home, as the housing market picks up again after stalling during the winter months. “The period from June – October proving strong for sellers, with less days to secure a buyer on average, than anytime of the year. “This makes the market extremely competitive, although we do expect house prices to mellow due to ongoing rising living costs. “If buyers do want a less competitive market then November-February is the time to do it.” House prices have risen at the fastest rate for 17 years, and homes are now on average a fifth more expensive than at the beginning of the pandemic. Prices rose by 14.3 percent in the year to March, the strongest pace of increase since November 2004, and the price of an average home has risen to more than £260,000. The price rises have put plenty off their dream of home ownership, coupled with a global supply chain issue meaning new homes are even more scarce. Mr Counsell continued: “Although we don’t know for certain what’s in store for the year ahead, this historic data should be able to tell us what we can expect in the housing market this year.”  DON'T MISS‘Well maintained’ garden can increase house price by £15k [INSIGHT]Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less [EXPLAINER]House prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [REPORT] There have been many predictions that the housing market will begin to plateau as 2022 gets underway - but a marked slowdown in growth hasn’t been witnessed yet. The cost of living crisis that is now in full swing - thanks to enormous energy bill rises from April 1, as well as a tax rise coming this week - could put a dampener on prices from here on out. Mr Counsell said: “We know the cost of living is continually increasing in the UK, with energy prices increasing from April, as well as council tax and other costs of living. “With this in mind, we sadly expect many Brits will have to tighten their belts financially and may not be looking to move home because they may not be able to afford it. “With less buyer demand comes lower house prices, so I do expect them to fall from April onwards and will most probably be reflected in housing stats from June/July.”