Following Freddie Mercury’s untimely death at just 45 on November 24, 1991, Queen members Brian May, Roger Taylor and John Deacon wanted to do something special in their bandmates’ memory after he lost his battle with AIDS. On April 20, 1992, they gathered for a huge gig that launched the Mercury Phoenix Trust charity to fight HIV/AIDS worldwide, performing alongside fellow stars from Elton John and David Bowie to George Michael and Robert Plant. The Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert was performed to 72,000 people at Wembley Stadium and an audience of up to a billion at home. A first-half kicked off with bands inspired by Queen from Metallica to Guns N’ Roses, before Freddie’s bandmates took to the stage after the interval to perform their hits with guest vocalists from Joe Elliott to Liza Minnelli. As the 30th anniversary of the epic show arrives this month, The Mercury Phoenix Trust are promising: “some celebratory footage, written pieces, interviews, merchandise, playlists and photos all across the MPT socials and culminating in the unveiling of a brand new MPT logo and the streaming of the ‘Queen +’ section of the tribute concert on YouTube.” The charity kicked things off by sharing a personal letter written by Roger Taylor outlining plans for the tribute concert over 30 years ago. The Queen drummer’s letter read: “This concert is primarily a celebration of, and a tribute to, our dear friend and colleague – Freddie Mercury. It is also a means of using the tragedy of his death to some good effect in bringing a greater awareness of the fact that AIDS affects all of us: – rich, poor, famous, not famous, young, old, black, white, red, yellow, gay or straight. This is an important message, especially for the younger people of the whole world – especially NOW. If the death of Freddie Mercury can add to this awareness it will be a major addition to the already wonderful achievements of his life. Long Live Freddie x.” The Mercury Phoenix Trust have since kicked off the first in their five-part YouTube miniseries, offering an essential A-Z guide to The Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert. Episodes will go through the alphabet showing highlights up to the big streaming event of the original show on its 30th anniversary on April 20, 2022. Part 1 began with A for Axl Rose of Guns N’ Roses singing Bohemian Rhapsody after not showing up for the rehearsal. B stood for Brian May, strumming his guitar ferociously in Tie Your Mother Down with Joe Elliott and Slash in what was Queen’s first live performance without Freddie. DON'T MISSBrian May felt Freddie Mercury was about to go a few days before death [FREDDIE DEATH]Freddie Mercury at 75: Queen's Brian May and Roger Taylor pay tribute [FREDDIE 75]Brian May shares ‘Elvis’ singing Freddie Mercury’s tribute to King [ELVIS] Next up, C stood for the ever-enthusiastic crowd, clapping along to We Will Rock You. The D in Daltrey highlighted The Who’s Roger Daltrey singing I Want It All with Black Sabbath’s Tony Iommi on the guitar. E stands for Hollywood star Elizabeth Taylor, who ended the first half of the show by giving a speech on AIDS prevention. And what else could F stand for but Freddie Mercury and his recorded Ay Ohs right afterwards?