Joe Duttine plays Coronation Street stalwart, Tim Metcalfe, on the ITV soap and first took on the role back in 2013. Tim was first introduced as Faye Windass' (Ellie Leach) biological father before he met her adoptive family including mother Anna Windass (Debbie Rush) and her partner Owen Armstrong (Ian Puleston-Davies). Joe has been at the centre of some of the soap’s groundbreaking storylines so it’s no surprise fans want to know more about the TV star and who he is dating. The Halifax-born star isn’t the only actor in the family, as his father John Duttine has also been noted for his roles in TV and film, including Heartbeat, The Day of the Triffids and The Mallens. Furthermore, the 51-year-old moved to London and attended the Drama Centre London where he studied alongside fellow actors Craig Kelly and John Simm. While Coronation Street has had its fair share of love affairs over the last 60 years, Joe appears to be enjoying his romance off-screen. Sharing their romantic snaps on social media, Joe’s beau and soon-to-be-wife is co-star Sally Carman. READ MORE:Prince Charles ‘at end of tether’ with Prince Harry The couple often give their doting fans on social media a glimpse of their family life after moving in together back in 2020. Viewers saw Abi living with Tim and Sally Metcalfe (Sally Dyenvor) in the soap a few years ago but actor Joe spoke about what it would be like working with his partner on a regular basis. He said: “It would be a disaster. We would make each other laugh all the time. “We wouldn’t be able to concentrate – and it’d be a little too close to home, wouldn’t it?” He continued to Soap Insider: “We don’t want that as it’s nice to have a life away from the Street.” Speaking about the pair having a relationship on the ITV soap, he said: “We met at Corrie and that’s always going to be special for us, but we don’t want to act it out on screen!” It had been reported Joe and Sally had first sparked romance rumours back in 2018 when they were spotted holding hands at the soap's summer party. At the time, a source told The Sun: "Both Joe and Sally had been single for a while and just met at the right time in their lives. "Sally thinks Joe is a funny and caring guy and he’s really fallen for her, too. “They’ve now told their castmates and everyone thinks it’s a match made in heaven." However, the couple has since made their relationship official following their regular updates on Instagram. Last year, the pair announced they were engaged and are expected to be married this year, according to The Manchester Evening News. Sally had announced the plans for her own wedding after her character Abi tied the knot on the soap earlier last year. The lovebirds had revealed their engagement in March and said they would like a Christmas 2022 winter wedding. Speaking about the reason behind a winter wedding, the 40-year-old actress confessed she was “obsessed” with that time of year. She told The Mirror: “We’re going to have the wedding late afternoon so it will be dark and it will be lit by rows of Christmas trees and twinkly lights; I can’t wait." Coronation Street continues on Friday at 8pm on ITV.