Spain’s Balearic islands are one of the UK’s top holiday destinations. A new law is planning to crack down on illegal parties on the popular islands.  Organisers of illegal parties in Ibiza, Mallorca or Menorca could be fined up to 300,000 euros (£251,000) under the new law. Guests would also be penalised with fines ranging from 300 euros (£251) to 30,000 euros (£25,000) for attending an illegal gathering. The rules could be brought in ahead of this year’s summer holiday season on the Spanish islands. Holiday let landlords will also need to be careful as they could also receive fines under the new law if their property is rented for a party. READ MORE: How to apply for your GHIC - a step-by-step guide Food and drink suppliers and marquee providers could also be hit with the same fines as the organisers. A member of the Balearic Government, Mercedes Garrido, said: “We have been looking for measures to stop illegal parties and to make organisers think twice when they plan a party.” Rules will be targeted at mass gatherings and are unlikely to penalise family get-togethers or small events. Illegal parties are normally classed as those without a licence but which have advertising, a DJ and an entrance fee. While ‘private’ illegal parties have always been popular in the Balearics, they boomed during the pandemic. With nightclubs and bars closed under Covid regulations, some residents and holidaymakers organised their own raucous events. Gatherings with hundreds of guests were broken up by police officers in Mallorca and Ibiza during the pandemic. Many attendees were not following social distancing advice or wearing face masks as required by Spanish law. British holidaymakers will also have to get used to Spain’s new drinking rules which will be in place in some areas of the islands. Bars will no longer be able to offer all you can drink deals and party boozes and pub crawls will also be banned in some areas. Government officials are aiming to crack down on rowdy drunken behaviour and change the reputation of resorts such as Magaluf. Over the last decade Magaluf has gained a reputation for hedonism with many shocking stories of drunken fights and public sex. Tourism officials are now aiming to attract more families and cultural tourists to the resort. Britons travelling with Thomas Cook will now be subject to a six drink maximum which must be served with lunch or dinner. British tourists must be vaccinated to travel to Spain and must have a booster if their second jab was more than 270 days ago. British teenagers can travel if they are unvaccinated as long as they have a negative PCR test from the last 72 hours.