The Metropolitan Police said the 29-year-old man, armed with a knife, contronted the two officers at around 8.50am this morning. A taser was deployed and the man was restrained by officers. He was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and possession of an offensive weapon and remains in custody at a central London police station. There are no reports of injuries and the incident is not being treated as terror-related. The Met said in a statement: "An investigation has been launched following an incident at Horse Guards Parade in Westminster on Monday morning. "At around 08:50hrs, a 29-year-old man, who was armed with a knife, confronted two Ministry of Defence Police officers. "Taser was deployed and the man was restrained by officers. There were no reports of any injuries. "He was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and possession of an offensive weapon and remains in custody at a central London police station.  "The incident is not being treated as terror-related. "An investigation is under way. Met officers will continue to liaise closely with the Ministry of Defence Police as it progresses. "Anyone who witnessed the incident, or who has other information which could assist officers, is asked to call 101, providing the reference 1730/18APR. "Information can also be provided to Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111."  READ MORE: Bank holiday travel hell! Huge queues at Manchester Airport The Met had earlier tweeted: "Officers are assisting the MOD Police at Horse Guards following an incident earlier this morning. "A 29-year-old has man has been arrested and is in custody. "There are no reports of any injuries and there is no known risk to the public. "Further updates will be provided in due course." DON'T MISSCovid hotspots mapped: 12 UK counties reporting staggering case levels [MAP]Have Your Say: Is it right the petrol & diesel buy ban right? [OPINION]Border force manager blames EU for migrant crisis [COMMENTS]  BBC Radio London Travel had earlier tweeted a video from Transport for London, showing Whitehall - with Big Ben in the background - closed off by police officers and vehicles. This was accompanied by the tweet: "In Westminster, #Whitehall is closed between Trafalgar Square and Parliament Square for a police incident. The Jambuster traffic information service also wrote on its website: "Whitehall (SW1A) (All Directions) is currently closed due to an emergency services incident. Use alternative routes." The major incident and road closure comes on the Easter Monday bank holiday, where millions of Londoners are expected to be out enjoying the spring sunshine.  Whitehall is a major road and area in the City of Westminster, Central London, with Downing Street branching off it. The road forms the first part of the A3212 road from Trafalgar Square to Chelsea. It is the thoroughfare running south from Trafalgar Square towards Parliament Square. Whitehall is seen as the centre of the UK Government and is lined with several departments and ministries, including the Ministry of Defence, Horse Guards and the Cabinet Office. 