Updating a kitchen can transform the look and feel of a home completely. Having enough storage space for pots, pans, crockery and favourite foods, makes life calmer and less stressful. With the right layout and appliances, family mealtimes and hosting friends becomes a breeze. Of course, when it comes to new kitchens prices vary wildly, depending on the size of your space and the styles or materials you like. Although kitchens are one of the most expensive home improvements, they will add value to a property. Those wanting a custom design with quality materials, smart storage and top-notch appliances will be looking at a five figure start price. At the premium end, the cost can stretch into tens of thousands of pounds. However, it may not even be necessary to replace the whole kitchen. READ MORE: Property: ‘Inexpensive’ way to ‘guarantee’ added house value If the layout works and the carcasses are good, homeowners can upgrade the visible parts for a fraction of the cost of replacing the lot. It’ll not only save cash, but it’ll slash kilos off your carbon footprint too. Asad Choudhry of Glam Kitchens explained that homeowners should keep as much of their old kitchens to “keep costs down”. He said: “A good way to keep costs down is by not ripping out the whole kitchen.” DON'T MISS: Laundry: ‘Cheap’ and ‘effective’ ways to remove clothing stains [EXPERT]Garden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [TIPS]Gardening: How to grow ’tastier’ tomatoes in your garden - ‘important’ [INSIGHT] “By replacing the doors, pelmets, worktops and tiles you could save thousands and it would look brand new. “Customising an existing or new kitchen is easy.” Companies such as Custom Fronts make doors, drawers and worktops to fit. These can provide a bespoke look at a more affordable price. Rachel Thurlby, Director at Custom Fronts said: “Buying fronts, handles and worktops for an Ikea Metod kitchen would cost from £2,000-£3,500.” The price of kitchen cabinets varies on the quality, style, materials and whether they’re flatpack, factory-assembled or custom-made. It’s possible to buy eight units for a small galley kitchen for around £1,000-1,500 at retailers such as IKEA, B&Q, Wren, Magnet or Homebase. These are usually flatpack, so you’ll need to add the installation cost. This is where you homeowners save money, if they’re able to fit them themselves. In terms of worktops, at the budget end are laminate worktops. These can be bought for around £100 per metre when made to fit, and for even less if you’re able to use a standard size. Graeme Smith of Life Kitchens said: “Work surfaces can be anywhere from 10 percent of the project cost; dependent on the chosen specification. “A good tip for managing budgets can be to mix work surface materials, breaking up runs of expensive materials with more cost-effective choices. “This mixed material approach can also give a unique look in your kitchen.”