Spain’s Aemet weather agency has issued yellow warnings for rough seas in several areas. The coasts at Malaga, Granada and Almeria have yellow warnings for three metre waves. Wet weather can be expected on the Costa del Sol from Tuesday afternoon and there could be storms in some areas. These are likely to be most intense in the north of Andalucia and in the mountains according to experts. Although the region experienced soaring temperatures over the Easter bank holiday weekend, bad weather is expected. Temperatures will drop from Wednesday when Malaga city can expect highs of 19 degrees while Granada can expect a peak of 12 degrees. READ MORE: British Airways flyers lose £1,000 after being denied boarding flight British tourists faced wet and stormy weather in Spain towards the start of April as high winds hit the region. Several beaches on the Costa del Sol were damaged including in Marbella and Fuengirola. Meanwhile the Canary Islands experienced a calima over the weekend. A calima is a dust storm which carries sand from the Sahara. The calima is forecast to last until Wednesday and airports have suffered from visibility issues. Tourists and residents have been warned of high temperatures and winds on the islands of Tenerife, Fuerteventura, Lanzarote and La Palma. Gran Canaria peaked with temperatures of 35 degrees over the weekend while temperatures in Tenerife soared over 34 degrees. The calima can cover cars and houses with a thick layer of dust as well as impact breathing conditions. Tourists should follow local advice and wear a mask outside if they experience any difficulties. The calima may impact visibility on roads so drivers should take extra caution on the popular holiday islands. According to easyJet, over 30 percent of British tourists plan to holiday in Spain this year with the Costa del Sol one of the UK’s top destinations. Tourist officials in Benidorm on the Costa Blanca reported huge crowds as Britons returned to the resort. British tourists will need to be fully vaccinated to travel to Spain unless they have a recent recovery certificate. Teenagers aged between 12-17 can travel to Spain if they have a negative PCR test from the last 72 hours. Britons no longer need to fill out a passenger locator form if they are fully vaccinated in Spain. The UK has scrapped its passenger locator form and all travel testing for tourists arriving in the UK. Spain is expected to scrap indoor mask wearing in bars, shops and restaurants on April 20.