Sharon, who is married to Ozzy Osbourne, is set to open up to her pal Piers Morgan during his TalkTV show Uncensored on Wednesday night. In a preview clip, the 69-year-old told Piers she received death threats from people following her decision to leave the American show The Talk last year. In a snippet from the interview which will air on Wednesday night, Sharon began: "I never thought in my wildest dreams that my career after 50 years would have ended that way. "I must have cried for three months, never stopped crying. Some of the comments that were coming through on my social media were so horrific about cutting my throat, my husband's, even the dogs, they wanted to kill my dogs. "And then they started on Ozzy, and I just sort of [thought], 'This is just insanity.' "Did I want my legacy for my family to be? 'Oh, well, your nana was on television, but everybody said she was racist, so she never went on television again.' That kind of ate me up." READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry She continued: "Did I want my legacy for my family to be, 'Oh, well, your nana was on television, but everybody said she was racist, so she never went on television again'? That kind of ate me up." On Monday, Sharon made her first TV return since she left the CBS talk show last year. The former X Factor judge came under fire after she supported Piers' comments about Meghan Markle. Piers sparked a backlash from viewers after he clashed with his former Good Morning Britain co-star Alex Beresford about the Duchess of Sussex's mental health. As a result, Piers stormed off GMB and he later went on to quit the show. However, Sharon sparked further controversy when she tweeted a message of support to Piers at the time. She also came under criticism from The Talk fans when her co-host Sheryl Underwood accused her of giving “validation” to “racist” views in an episode which aired on March 10, 2021. Sharon replied: “I feel like I’m about to be put in the electric chair because I have a friend who many people think is a racist so that makes me a racist.” DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop host Jay Blades has DIY show axed by BBC  [NEWS]Louis Theroux ex-wife: Star’s ‘marriage of convenience’ in New York [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles speaks out on co-star's replacement [CAST] The Talk was taken off air while an investigation took place, and shortly after, the mum of Jack, Kelly and Amy Osbourne confirmed she was leaving. However, both Piers and Sharon both made their TV comeback on Monday with their TalkTV shows. Piers has also recently shared his views about Sharon's exit from The Talk. The former GMB host defended his pal branding what happened to her as "disgusting". Speaking about Sharon's TV return, Piers began: “I’m particularly delighted about that because Sharon got cancelled from her show The Talk in America after 10 years. "A show that she loved and was the star of because she tweeted her support for my right to have an opinion. “She didn’t even agree with the opinion, she just said I was entitled to it, which by the way I was.” He added to The Sun: “What happened to me was bad, what happened to Sharon was disgusting,” claiming she was “basically made unemployable” by the backlash. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays from 8pm on TalkTV.