Liverpool forward Diogo Jota has demanded his team-mates continue to believe they can win the Premier League this season despite drawing 2-2 with Manchester City on Sunday. The Reds went to the Etihad knowing victory would give them control of the title race but had to settle for a point after a thrilling encounter. City now remain the title favourites courtesy of an easier run-in on paper. Jota pulled Liverpool level on 13 minutes after Kevin De Bruyne's effort deflected off Joel Matip to beat Alisson. But Gabriel Jesus restored City's advantage before the break. Sadio Mane made it 2-2 within 60 seconds of the restart and despite bringing on Luis Diaz and Roberto Firmino couldn't push for a winner. Liverpool remain one point behind City with seven matches to go of the campaign. But goalscorer Jota, now on 15 Premier League goals this term, insists Jurgen Klopp's side must continue to dream they can win the league. That's despite them needing a favour from the other teams in England's top flight if they are to win a 20th title. MUST READ: Carragher and Keane agree over Liverpool's shortcomings - 'Not enough' Jota told BBC Match of the Day: "Very intense game. They are very good and playing at home. We tried to do our best but we felt at the end we could have done a little better. They had their chances and we had our too. We were fighting until the end. "We tried to condition their game the way they wanted but they are obviously very good at what they do so it's not easy. You know sooner or later you can steal one or two balls and it's a football game so you need to take advantage of your chances. "We were losing so we needed to change a little bit and it's nice to have a break to go again [at half-time]. We had a very good beginning. It's a draw in the end and now we need to believe from here until the end. "That's why you play football for these types of games that are very important and very decisive. We wanted to win this game but it was not possible so we have to keep believing." Captain Jordan Henderson similarly reflected to Sky Sports: "We'll have to wait and see [if that point turns out a better point for City than Liverpool]. They don't drop many points, we know that. "We need to concentrate on ourselves, keep trying to win as many games as possible if they do slip up we need to be behind them. There's still a lot of football to be played, it's not the end of the world, we stay positive and keep going to the end." The midfielder added: "It was an intense game which we knew it would be. We knew it'd be tough. [They are a] Fantastic team. We wanted to come here and give it our best and get the win but unfortunately, we could't do that. "But at the same time we didn't lose the game. But yeah, of course we wanted to do better but it's not the end of the world, we're still in the race so positives and negatives [to take away]." Liverpool take on City again in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley next weekend with the Reds' next league match coming at home to Manchester United on Tuesday April 19.