Actress June Brown has died aged 95. The EastEnders legend played the much-loved character Dot Cotton for more than three decades, becoming one of the soap’s longest-running characters and earning a place in the nation’s heart in the process. Having first appeared in the series in 1985, she made the role her own, appearing in an incredible 2884 episodes. June’s family announced in a statement this afternoon that their “beloved mother” had died “very peacefully” at her home on Sunday. As one of EastEnders’ biggest stars, she was never far from the centre of the storyline. Some of her biggest dramas included Nasty Nick’s murder plot when her son wanted to poison her so that he could steal her big bingo profits to use on drugs. He had a late change of heart and decided against killing his mother. READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show June’s services to charity and drama earned her recognition from the Queen on two separate occasions — she was awarded an MBE in 2008 and an OBE in the 2022 New Year’s Honours List. However, the excitement of being awarded her MBE didn’t quite go to plan, as she revealed her “mortifying” experience in a throwback interview. Speaking to the Radio Times in 2020, she confessed to having stumbled and embarrassed herself in a moment of panic. She said: “When I was called I tripped on the step in front of her and almost fell over. “She said something about enjoying EastEnders and for some reason I replied, ‘I didn’t think you’d see it because it clashes with your dinner’. “I didn’t even call her Ma’am or Your Majesty, so later I thought about writing to her to apologise. “But I suppose at least I made her laugh.” The pair had crossed paths before when Her Majesty invited her to her 60th birthday party. DON'T MISS:June Brown net worth: EastEnders star's staggering fortune [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow guest stunned over 'unbelievable' Rolex valuation [NEW]Cillian Murphy says goodbye to Peaky Blinders [LATEST] June admitted that while she “admired” the Queen, Her Majesty didn’t appear to “have a clue who I was.” According to The Sun, Her Majesty just kept walking by, blissfully unaware of who the actress was, leaving her in hysterics. June left her EastEnders role two years ago, confirming in a podcast interview that she had left “for good”. Asked during an appearance on Distinct Nostalgia if EastEnders had put her on a retainer, she said: “I don’t want a retainer. “I’ve left. I’ve left for good. “I’ve sent myself to Ireland and that’s where she’ll stay. I’ve left EastEnders.” The comment was an apparent reference to her final appearance on EastEnders. In the February 2020 episode, Dot cotton left a voicemail message for Sonia Fowler, another character in the show, saying she had moved to Ireland. An EastEnders spokesperson paid tribute to the actress upon news of her passing. They said: “There are not enough words to describe how much June was loved and adored by everyone at EastEnders, her loving warmth, wit and great humour will never be forgotten. “June created one of the most iconic characters in Dot Cotton, not just in soap but in British television, and having appeared in 2884 episodes, June’s remarkable performances created some of EastEnders’ finest moments.” A statement added: “A very bright light has gone out at EastEnders today but we shall all be raising a sweet sherry in June’s memory. “Rest in peace, our dearest June, you will never be forgotten.”