Princess Anne, 71, looked stunning and stylish in her beige pinstripe trouser suit for her second day in Papua New Guinea. This is the same suit she wore when arriving and coming off her luxury private plane on Monday, April 11. One minor difference however is that today the Princess Royal paired her suit with a white t-shirt instead of a bright blue shirt with a massive collar.  Eagle-eyed royal fans may have noticed the Princess Royal was wearing an interesting brooch. The piece was a pretty gold wreath. The gold was carved into an ornate three flower, three-leaf pattern. It is not the typical diamond or sapphire piece the Queen might wear.  In fact, the piece does not seem to have been worn by any other royal. Therefore it is likely this is a piece Anne bought for herself. The Princess also wore a mask to enter the hospital, which was navy in colour and even featured an image of the Royal Yacht Britannia. Royal fans were excited about Princess Anne’s style and took to social media to say so.  Twitter user @toriaa_h wrote: “Anne with a high waisted trouser suit?! “If this was Kate people would be screaming. “Also I love the blouse!” Another royal fan, @princessannehrh noticed that Anne and her husband Timothy Laurence had both chosen beige trouser suits.  They tweeted: “I’m also obsessed with the fact they’re pretty much matching. “Looking very smart.” Anne was pictured speaking to cardiac doctors and nurses as she and Timothy attended the opening of the National Cardiac Diagnostic Centre at the Port Moresby General Hospital. The royal is in Papua New Guinea on behalf of the Queen, in celebration of the Platinum Jubilee.  The new centre is a first for Papua New Guinea and will link with other specialist hospital services to provide a more holistic patient care service. Earlier today, she was pictured being welcomed to Caritas Technical Secondary School wearing the same outfit. This school is an all-girl boarding school for 700 students run by the Catholic Church in Port Moresby. Tomorrow is Anne’s last day in Papua New Guinea before jetting back to the UK. 