Taking to Twitter today, Piers Morgan aimed a brutal dig at his former show GMB's ratings with his close to eight million followers. "BREAKING: I’ll be returning to ITV tomorrow for first time since the Markle Debacle," he wrote. "Live & definitely uncensored on ⁦@lorraine with the fabulous ⁦@reallorraine - should be fun…" He then delivered a brutally sarcastic joke: "May even storm back onto ⁦@GMB while I wait, & get those ratings back up!" The withering insult comes after Piers' dramatic departure from GMB, when he refused to apologise to Meghan Markle for disbelieving her account of life in the Royal Family. Videos of Piers storming out of the studio in indignation have been widely shared on social media ever since - and his new TalkTV show Uncensored has been tipped as a victory for freedom of speech. READ NOW: Piers Morgan fires back as Laurence Fox brands him ‘chubby slug’ Meanwhile, within minutes, his jibe had received a flood of support from followers, with one, @SandraMeier7, announcing: "Great! I haven't watched ITV since you left GMB." @marcuslee100 concurred: "Not even bothered watching it since you left. No point. "All my family are the same. They’ve all switched off too. We’ll be tuning in tomorrow though!" @LoveSimon88 mused: "That will be weird surely, returning to a place of work you were forced out from."  @ronin11124 filled his replies with laughter emojis over the title of his forthcoming weekday evening show: Uncensored. "[It's] like calling a childrens playground “dangerous”!" he joked. "You wouldn’t dare step foot out of what is deemed as truly politically correct!" It remains to be seen what the topics will be on Piers' much-awaited new show. However he has billed it as a "fearless forum for lively, intelligent debate and agenda-setting interviews; celebrating free speech and the right for people to share their views". At the time of his run on Good Morning Britain, exercising his right to freedom of speech was something that had landed Piers in hot water. His exit was prompted by a row with GMB's Alex Beresford over Meghan's claims that she'd experienced racism while working as a senior member of the royal family - and some Twitter users are now demanding that Piers should "make his peace" with the weather presenter before any comeback. Piers' new show Uncensored debuts on the evening of April 25th on TalkTV.