In a heartwarming moment, food buyer Alex was thrilled to make an order for five beer products from the young company. Steve, Matt and Michelle all worked hard to bring their dream of brewing craft beer to life and were over the moon to receive an order for the Tebay service station. Steve was hopeful they would be soon be driving many more cans of their delicious beer to the Lake District Farm Shop. Narrator Mandip Gill explained: “The service station buyers monitor the farm shop stock from their central office.” Food buyer Alex had made the big decision to stock the shops with a new beer product. “I’m really in a place to place my first order from the Lakes Brew Co. They just inspire us really,” he explained. “During Covid they were made redundant and they wanted to stick together and they wanted to make really good beer. READ MORE: Former The Apprentice star lewis ellis talks leaving the show “We went to see them, really lovely beers and they really knew their stuff. “We said, ‘Oh we’ve got to take them on.’ We’ve got four, in fact, five cans we’re going to take on. “It’s the first order I’m going to place so I’m trying to decide on the stock levels that will be needed for a good display and then I’ll leave it to the site to place subsequent orders which with any luck will be very frequent.” As he hit send on the order, Alex exclaimed: “So that emails gone. It will be nice to see what their reaction is to getting our first order and the start of a new relationship.” Over at the Lakes Brew Co., the craft beer company were busy packing up another order before they learned of the news. Checking their emails, Steve told viewers: “I’ve got an email from Alex at Tabay. He says they’d like to buy some beer from us which is amazing. “25-30 cases in total. Fantastic! We think the beers will do really well so I’m sure it will be the first of many orders we’ll be running up to Tebay each week.” Earlier in the episode, the three friends went for a walk around Coniston and reflected on their journey so far. DON'T MISS...Where is the Lake District Farm Shop? [EXPLAINER]Ranvir Singh blasts Meghan and Harry after memorial snub [VIDEO]'Absolutely lovely’: Best motorway service stations in the UK ranked [INSIGHT] Steve declared: “You can’t think of better inspiration than being out in the Lake District.” “We found ourselves a week before lockdown being made redundant,” Steve recalled. “We weren’t sure what the future held for us and we’d all only ever worked in beer. “Between the founders we have about 60 years experience so we started talking about the prospect of a new brewery in the heart of the Lake District.” Michelle shared: “We’re absolutely blessed with the landscape; we’ve got the water, the hills, the forest. “We’ve just really tried to pull that into our brand and that’s so important to us.” The company is less than a year old so receiving an order from Tebay service station will hopefully put them on the map for other stores in the area. A Lake District Farm Shop is available to catch up on 4OD now.