 Peaky Blinders came to a dramatic conclusion on Sunday night as the last ever episode aired on BBC One. The hit period drama series drew to a close after six seasons on air. Heading into the last episode fans grew concerned for the fate of gang leader Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy). But, in the last moments of the finale a shocking plot twist left viewers in awe.    *Warning: Peaky Blinders Season six spoilers to follow* The Peaky Blinders finale was packed full of twists and turns that pleased its loyal viewers. Heading into the episode, fans were mindful of Aunt Polly Gray’s (Helen McCrory) prophecy: “One of you will die, but which one I cannot tell." Fans suspected the finale would end with guns blazing, but were unsure who would survive. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in...  The episode began with Michael Gray (Finn Cole) getting out of prison, ready to seek revenge. He was hungry for Tommy’s blood, but despite plotting in prison for quite some time he still seemed to underestimate his nemesis. “You killed her,” Michael fumed, but Tommy replied: “Polly made her own choices, Michael." Tommy revealed Polly still visits him in his dreams, but insisted “she’ll visit me no more” as he pulled the trigger and shot Michael in the head.    However, this wasn’t the only shocking interaction of the episode as Tommy’s health cast a dark shadow over his future. Towards the end of the episode he bid his family farewell, without revealing where he was going. A month later Tommy was seen in the countryside alone with a gun, contemplating ending it all before his disease catches up to him. However, one final revelation stopped the famous gang leader in his tracks. DON'T MISS...Midsomer Murders star marks 25th anniversary of ITV series [MUST SEE]BBC viewers stunned by ‘scary’ weed killer investigation [INSIGHT]Coronation Street spoilers: Summer makes worrying health confession [SPOILERS]  After having a vision of his late daughter and spotting a telling photo in the newspaper Tommy discovered his doctor had lied to him. In the final moments Tommy went to the doctor for revenge fuming: “I’m guessing you people all decided that the only person who could ever kill Tommy Shelby is Tommy Shelby himself. “You made me believe death was coming, let my nature do the rest eh?” He said, while holding the doctor at gunpoint. However, shortly afterwards, the clock turned to the eleventh hour and Tommy decided not to pull the trigger.    After watching the drama unfold, fans took to Twitter to praise the show. “What an ending and what an unbelievable show #PeakyBlinders," @D_distancecarps wrote. “The plot twist at the end was so unexpected #PeakyBlinders," @Faisaali2000 commented. “That plot twist… Absolutely nobody could’ve predicted that ending #PeakyBlinders," @fiItermyg said. “What a masterpiece that was! Couldn't have been any better, Cillian Murphy is an incredible actor!! #PeakyBlinders," @zebrasstacker added. Peaky Blinders is available to stream on BBC iPlayer. 