Novak Djokovic has already suffered a "loss" at the Monte Carlo Masters ahead of his return to tennis. The world No 1 had a kick about with PSG stars Neymar Jr and Marco Verratti, who were in Monaco to watch the tennis on Monday - and he was the first to drop the ball during a keepy-ups game. The first Masters 1000 of the clay swing will be just Djokovic's second tournament of the 2022 season, and he faces Alejandro Davidovich Fokina in his opening match. Djokovic is finally back in action this week in Monte Carlo, where he resides with his family. The world No 1 was unable to play the Australian Open, Indian Wells or Miami over his unvaccinated status and has completed just one tournament this season: the Dubai Championships where he lost to qualifier Jiri Vesely in the quarter-finals. As the top seed, the two-time former champion in Monte Carlo benefits from a bye direct to the second round where he will face world No 46 Davidovich Fokina, likely on Tuesday afternoon. The 20-time Major champion was on the grounds on Monday where he could be seen watching some of the matches from the balcony alongside Lorenzo Sonego. Also at the Monte Carlo Country Club on Monday were PSG stars Neymar Jr and Verratti, who were out on Court Rainier III to watch the latter's countryman Fabio Fognini clinch a three-set victory against Arthur Rinderknech. After the match, the pair went to meet Djokovic for a game of keepy-uppies with a giant tennis ball. JUST IN: Nadal's team offer Barcelona hope amid claims Spaniard will miss event   It was the Serb who was first to crack as the trio stood in a circle passing the ball, as he accidentally kicked it into a plant on the side. He covered his face with his shirt and doubled over as he accepted the loss, as Neymar and Verratti came over to pat Djokovic on the back and shake his hand in a video which the world No 1 shared to his social media accounts. The top seed will now turn his attention back to tennis as he prepares to play his first match in almost two months. Ahead of his return to the tour, Djokovic admitted it had been difficult to sit on the sidelines and watch his competitors playing the tournaments he was unable to travel to and enter without the Covid vaccine. DON'T MISSBarty responds to golf rumours as she announces first post-tennis planNick Kyrgios receives death threats as tennis star calls out abuseCarlos Alcaraz's coach believes Miami Open win may work against him  "I miss competition. I still feel motivation to be on the tour and compete with young guys and try to challenge for the biggest titles," the two-time former Monte Carlo champion said ahead of his campaign. "The last four to five months have been really challenging for me mentally and emotionally, but I will try to leave all of that behind and move on." Admitting that he was still looking to adjust after playing few competitive matches this season, he added: "I am testing my engine, so to say, and building my game, so it will take obviously some time, some matches to really get in the groove and find the competitive play that I really need. Roland Garros is the ultimate goal in clay court season."