Ron Axon appeared on BBC programme Scam Interceptors to warn other Britons to be vigilant and not fall victim to these fraudsters. Journalist Nick Stapleton was able to intercept Ron’s conversation with the criminals and warn Ron that it was a scam. The scammers were posing as representatives of Amazon and are targeting the public via email and telephone in a series of phishing scams. Mr Stapleton suggested that Ron immediately contact his bank to stop any attempted transactions that could take place as he gave the criminals some of his personal details. Ron explained that he thought the call was genuine as he had recently participated in an Amazon Prime trial and cancelled it. He presumed the call he received was something to do with that. He said: “They suggested I log on to my accounts through the sign in and password process until the latest page on my statement came up on the screen. READ MORE: Premium Bonds: Can you boost your chance of winning the £1million jackpot? “It did give quite a lot of information like my balance.” Ron explained just how effective the scam tactics used were. He continued: “They didn’t really give me time to think things through because I’m usually quite fast at picking up dodgy phone calls. “If I suspected a scammer or someone less desirable, I put the phone down immediately.” He explained that he was a little shocked, however he wasn’t surprised. Ron added: “I did think that it was genuine but there are times that maybe it is a scammer, which Nick confirmed.” Nick explained that Ron was lucky as the scammers had lost interest in him, however he did suffer emotionally due to the deceit. Ron said: “I wasn’t happy that I did naïvely give them quite a bit detail. "I want to be selective for the people who know the details about my life thankfully there’s nothing really that I’m particularly ashamed of but I still don’t want people going through my life with a fine tooth comb. “It does cause a lot of suffering and trauma so I’m gonna be even more careful about what I tell people over the phone and who I’m speaking to. “But I’m relieved really, I dodged a bullet. It’d made me a little bit careful as far as the future is concerned.” Ron did not want others falling into the same traps as him. He concluded: “If you get a call offering you money or wanting to see your financial details, forget it." He urged people to "put the phone down". It’s almost certain to be a trap, he said Scam Interceptors is availavle to watch on BBC iPlayer.