Kevin Costner delivered a powerful speech before presenting the award for Best Director to Jane Campion during this year’s Academy Awards. Although his presentation was later overshadowed by Will Smith’s confrontation with Chris Rock, fans are still eager to see the Hollywood legend return to the Paramount Network for a new season of Yellowstone. The film and TV A-lister has revealed what attracted him to take on the role of John Dutton in Taylor Sheridan’s hugely successful drama, Yellowstone. The Paramount Western follows John and his family of feuding children as they fight to protect one of the biggest cattle ranches in Montana, USA. When asked if the series had changed TV, Kevin admitted: “Well, I don’t know that I’ve changed it.” Yellowstone is one of Kevin’s only forays into small screen drama and his first lead role on a primetime cable series. READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? Both his star power and showrunner Taylor’s gripping scripts have helped the series become one of the most-watched shows in the States. Chatting to Etalk before the Oscars, Kevin explained: “I think it’s what happens when the writing matches up. “You get this writing of Yellowstone and you set it against mountains and rivers and horses running. “It’s difficult to resist those images just by themselves.” Many fans and critics have praised Yellowstone for resurrecting the Western genre for the small screen. Although films such as The Harder They Fall and Oscar contender, The Power of the Dog, have kept the genre alive, it’s rare to see a neo-Western TV series become so popular. Season four of Yellowstone was the highest-rated to date in terms of viewers, and its finale broke records with a huge intake of 9.3 million fans watching along live. While the Montana setting may be part of the reason the series has caught on, Kevin also knows the series wouldn’t be the same without the furious conflicts of the Dutton family at its centre. DON'T MISS:Riverdale’s Cole Sprouse predicts series’ cancellation [INTERVIEW]Gordon Ramsay’s Future Food Stars branded ‘Poundland SAS’ [OPINION]NCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah celebrates season 14 renewal [UPDATE] “You put a dysfunctional family together in the mountains and watch them go at each other,” he added. “It’s been a fun ride.” John’s efforts to protect the ranch are frequently sabotaged by his daughter Beth (Kelly Reilly), particularly when she’s feuding against her adoptive brother Jamie (Wes Bentley). Meanwhile, his younger son Kayce (Luke Grimes) has taken a step back from the ranch to support wife Monica (Kelsey Asbille) and their son Tate (Brecken Merrill) after the traumatic assault on the family. Kevin is expected to reprise his role for Yellowstone season five, which was confirmed by Paramount in February this year. However, could his comments suggest his time on the show has an expiry date? After getting shot at the end of season three, John clawed his way back to life, though his health has been a contentious point ever since. His lasting injuries could start to get the better of him in season five, forcing John to bow down from his ranching duties and let Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser) and the rest of the bunkhouse take over. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Peacock in the USA now. Yellowstone seasons 1-3 are now available on PlutoTV in the UK.