The consortium, known as MERGE, will be analysing day from 5,000 men compared to 10,000 men who do not have breast cancer, making it the largest study of its kind worldwide. Lead researcher, Doctor Nick Orr from the Patrick G Johnson Centre for Cancer Research, commented on the study. "We need to develop a better understanding of breast cancer in men in order to improve prevention, early detection and treatment," he said. "Having access to the large resource provided by the MERGE consortium will enable us to develop a deeper insight into the genetics and pathology of this rare disease." Female breast cancer, to illustrate, impacts 55,000 women each year, Cancer Research UK stated. Therefore, this disease affects many more women than men. However, the three-year research project aims to better identify men at risk of developing breast cancer. READ MORE: Cholesterol – A 'strong' genetic link found between anorexia and high-density lipoprotein Doctor Orr added: "We hope that this work will increase the visibility of male breast cancer." Wanting to "educate men about the risks", the team hope more men will visit their doctor when concerned about their health. Cancer Research UK highlighted the current known risk factors of male breast cancer. These include being aged 60 or older and having high oestrogen levels. "All men produce small amounts of the hormone called oestrogen," the charity explained. While this is "perfectly normal", high oestrogen – that is linked to male breast cancer – can occur in men who are overweight. Men who have female relatives who have breast cancer are also at increased risk of developing the disease. The signs of male breast cancer: If you identify with any of these symptoms of breast cancer, it's imperative you tell your GP as soon as possible. "Finding a cancer early gives the best chance of successful treatment," Cancer Research UK certified. When cancer symptoms are ignored, more time enables the cancer to grow and spread. If cancer spreads, it can make treatment more difficult, thereby affecting survival rates. Treatment options for cancer might include chemotherapy, surgery, and radiotherapy. Each treatment plan will be unique to each case, as the doctors will take into account other aspects of health. For more information on the stages, types and grades of cancer, do visit Cancer Research UK. The charity also provides support via a nurse helpline on 0808 800 4040.