Tottenham have reportedly already promised to 'commit' £66.2million on making Cristian Romero and Dejan Kulusevski's loan moves permanent with Antonio Conte wanting five additional transfers this summer. The Italian coach took over from Nuno Espirito Santo back in November with reports at the time indicating he was given certain transfer certainties. He was left slightly frustrated in January as Spurs struggled to get deals over the line, with Liverpool nipping ahead of Tottenham to sign Luis Diaz. Rodrigo Bentancur and Kulusevski were the only two arrivals, but Tottenham also offloaded a number of fringe players. Dele Alli and Tanguy Ndombele were allowed to leave while Giovani Lo Celso and Bryan Gil signed short-term loan deals with Villarreal and Sevilla. More changes are expected in the summer transfer window with Conte keen to push Tottenham further up the table. And it appears as though the former Chelsea boss will be backed in the transfer market this time around. According to ESPN, Tottenham officials have already committed to signing both Romero and Kulusevski on permanent deals. JUST IN: Arsenal and Tottenham on standby after Lautaro Martinez boost  Conte is said to be pushing Tottenham's board to fork out the £25m needed to formalise Kulusevski's move from Juventus. Both signings could kick start a revolution under Conte though with the Tottenham boss said to be hoping for five other deals. It is said that Conte wants a back-up goalkeeper, centre-back, right-back, central midfielder and a back-up striker in the summer. The report adds that Tottenham are 'willing to support' Conte's wishes, but their budget will depend on where Spurs finish in the table. DON'T MISS  It was only in November when Tottenham announced a pre-tax loss of £80.2m in their latest financial figures. And finishing outside the top four would directly impact Tottenham's budget for the upcoming summer transfer window. Spurs currently sit fourth in the table with north London rivals Arsenal close behind in fifth. Tottenham will be hoping to maintain that gap when they take on Brighton tomorrow with Arsenal facing Southampton. The final Champions League spot could well come down to the final few weeks of the season when both Arsenal and Tottenham face off in a crunch north London derby on May 12.