Lisa Charters’ parents hit an enormous jackpot of £33million, and have shared it with their daughter and her hubby Craig. The 33-year-olds want to use the money to demolish a modest bungalow and replace it with a £5million villa. The “spectacular” development comes replete with views of Edinburgh Castle, and sits in one of the more affluent areas of the city. An extremely unique design, the house would sit over three floors, and encompass five glass-fronted bedrooms. The house would also include a large garage and gym, an open plan terrace and guest bedrooms that will be 'built into the hill'. However, it appears the family’s luck may have run out, as many of their neighbours have not taken kindly to the plans. The city council’s planning portal show that there 63 public comments within 21 days. The overwhelming majority of messages were objections. 43 neighbours have objected to the development, while just 15 made comments of support. The exact reasons for their objections will not be publicly available until after the council reaches a decision later this month. The Charters nabbed the existing three-bedroom single-storey bungalow last year by paying an extra £200,000 over the £670,000 asking price. READ MORE: Search operations underway as plane crashes into English Channel [REVEAL] Speaking about the design in plans, 05 Design said: "An opportunity to build a significant house is rare. The existing bungalow is in many ways a terrible waste of an extraordinary and unique site and the design of the new house rises to the challenge of this prominent location, not by attempting to hide, but, in contrast to the existing bungalow, by celebrating its vertical location making a vertically proportioned house when seen from the north, its principal elevation. "The north elevation is three storeys, with guest bedrooms built into the hill, a one and a half storey living space with external terrace in the centre and at the top a master bedroom. Only from the west and east is the full extent of the house appreciated. "The ground floor will be restricted to gym, study, garage, and guest bedrooms with the main living spaces placed on the first floor in a “cascade section;” at the southern end is a family room/kitchen sitting slightly above the dining area which itself sits above the living space. DON'T MISS: Charles 'feels forgotten' after William's bold royal blueprint plan [INSIGHT]Kate and William 'want no part' in Prince Charles's 'stuffy image' [REVEAL]Meghan and Harry 'losing royal magic' by staying away from UK [ANALYSIS] "Framed views of the castle and Edinburgh skyline are thus possible from deep within the house." Lisa, of Hawick, Roxburghshire, announced her engagement to Craig in 2017 on a beach in the Bahamas. Her parents David and Carol Martin, both 60, scooped the massive lotto prize in 2016.