Joe Biden has been ridiculed by radio host Nick Ferrari after the US President was given the cold shoulder by White House guests at a reception attended by Barack Obama. Mr Ferrari told listeners that "nobody wants to talk to him" as he described footage of the event on LBC. Mr Ferrari told LBC: "Watch the video for yourself, we might play it to you, but it's one of those events I'll do my darndest but it's one of those events that really has to be seen to be believed. "As [Fox News host] Turker Carlson said, this is supposedly the most powerful man in the Western world, in his own home at a reception he's given and nobody wants to talk to him. "And you watch he is not only cold-shouldered by Barack Obama, he's also cold-shouldered by his own veep, Vice President Kamala Harris. "No one wants to talk to him." Mr Biden was visibly sidelined when former President Barack Obama returned to the White House on Tuesday for the first time since leaving office in 2017. Mr Obama arrived in the East Room to robust cheers from the assembled crowd of Congress members and administration staffers. The former President was soon mobbed by admirers while Mr Biden was largely ignored. At one point Mr Obama jokingly referred to Biden as "vice president" before correcting himself, inspiring a salute from President Biden. Mr Obama remains a popular figure since leaving the White House. But President Biden faces moribund public approval ratings thanks in part to high inflation and the lingering covid pandemic. As a result, Democrats risk losing control of at least one, if not both, chambers of Congress in November, which would bring Biden's legislative agenda to a halt. Discussing the awkward White Houe mixer US journalist Ladona Harvey told TalkRADIO "Everyone who has ever felt weird at a party knows exactly how Joe Biden feels where your friend is not talking to you." DON'T MISS Brexit rules hit Brits heading to EU 'I should have gone to Wales' [INSIGHT]Have your say: Does EU row on Russian sanctions justify Brexit? [ANALYSIS]Easter holiday chaos as Britons lose thousands due to passport delays [VIDEO] Host Mike Graham added: "Over here! I'm the president now!" Ms Harvey continued: "Biden even had his hand on his shoulder and nobody was talking to him. "It was really bad and really uncomfortable." Mr Graham noted: "If you said which one of these two is the most powerful man in the world, you wouldn't be looking at Biden but then Barack Obama did have that incredible charisma."