BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker announced this week that he was leaving the morning news show to take up a seat with Channel 5. With the dust yet to settle on the news, many wonder who will be sitting next to Sally Nugent on the iconic BBC sofa when he goes? Although he has yet to announce his official leaving date, another BBC veteran is a fan favourite.  Dan Walker has hosted BBC Breakfast since 2016, and his decision to leave came as a shock to many. On Monday, April 4, Channel 5 tweeted the news along with a short video, they said: "Some news to share with you all from us at @5_News. "@mrdanwalker will be bringing you the news at 5pm every day from now on. "And he's got something to tell you all - watch his video down below." Read More: Ozark season 4 theory: Sam to attack Wendy as fans work out major trailer clue  Last year, Louise Minchin left the morning show after 20 years and was replaced by Sally and after only a few months the slot will face another shake-up. In the video, he said: "Hello, Dan Walker here. I have a little bit of news for you. "In the next few weeks, I'm going to be leaving BBC Breakfast and moving to 5 news and Channel 5. "I am really excited, but this has also been a massive decision for me." (sic)    Who will step in to co-host the show with the lucrative spot left open? Former The One Show host Matt Baker could be a strong contender. He hosted the 7pm weekday show from 2011 until 2020 and has been a staple on TV ever since hosting Blue Peter back in 1999. Despite leaving The One Show he has continued to work with the BBC, even covering last year's Olympics in Tokyo.DON’T MISS…Which The Last Kingdom characters are based on real people? [LATEST]‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show [LATEST]Derry Girls writer claims Brexiteers 'didn't know what they were voting for' [LATEST]   Bookies Ladbrokes have him at odds 8/1 to take over the role. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Matt Baker could be set for a swift return to our screens if the latest odds are anything to go by." Another contender comes in the form of BBC Morning Live presenter Gethin Jones. At 2/1 odds, Alex continued: "Gethin Jones could soon be swapping the green sofa for a red one, with BBC Breakfast chiefs seemingly set to keep Dan Walker’s replacement close to home." 