Residents living nearby have been evacuated from their homes tonight. While some people will be allowed back in within a few hours, others will be given accommodation overnight. In the meantime, residents are sheltering in a nearby church to keep warm. Greater Manchester Police said: "Emergency services have been in Wythenshawe this evening where sadly a man has died following a suspected gas explosion. "The scene has been made safe but there are road closures in place and we will be on scene this evening." In a statement, the force added: "At around 6.30pm today (31 March), crews were called to reports of a fire at a domestic property on Brownley Road in Manchester. "Four fire engines from Bolton North, Cheadle, Wythenshawe and Stockport stations, and the Technical Rescue Unit from Ashton attended. "Firefighters assessed the scene and are using breathing apparatus and hose reels to control the fire and make the scene safe.  "Crews are working with colleagues from Greater Manchester Police and North West Ambulance Service and are currently still on the scene." Images from the scene show a severely damaged property with a large hole in the top floor wall. There is a large police and large amounts of smoke has also been seen coming from the property. An eyewitness told Manchester Evening News (MEN): "There was an almighty bang - there was instantly loads of smoke, all the windows were blown out and the glass was all over the road." A reporter on the scene said: "Fire crews are outside a property within the cordon. "One person who lives behind said they heard a 'huge explosion' and came outside to see what the commotion was". Four fire engines, including 20 to 30 firefighters, a welfare unit and a tactical response unit are all on the scene. Brownley Road, in Wythenshawe, has been cordoned off and vehicles have been diverted. Meanwhile, local residents have been advised to keep their doors and windows closed. A spokesperson for Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue said: "We are currently attending an incident on Brownley Road in Manchester. "Road closures are in place. "Please keep your doors and windows closed if you are in the area."  Travel service Inrix said: "Brownley Road in both directions closed due to police incident between Crossacres Road and Mayfair Road. Traffic is coping well. "The road has been closed since 18:50. "Metrolink services are also suspended as a result." Stagecoach also confirmed that it had to divert services in the area, tweeting: "Route 43. Due to a police incident on Brownley Rd in Wythenshawe, the 43 service is diverting in both directions via Hollyhedge Rd and Broadoak Rd (103 route). "We are sorry for any inconvenience that this may cause."