As Rishi Sunak warned the Cabinet when it met in private this week, interest rates are on course to rise to 2.5 percent over the coming year as the Bank of England tries to grapple with inflation. As well as threatening to undermine the public finances, such a rise would add £1,000 a year to the annual mortgage payments of the average homebuyer. Coming on top of the surge in energy bills and food prices, a rise in mortgage repayments threatens to undermine many household budgets. While low-income households have been offered some government help with fuel bills, homeowners can expect rather less help with mortgage repayments. It is two decades since a UK government last offered homebuyers tax relief on mortgage repayments, and it is unlikely to be revived now. Rising interest rates will come as a particular shock because we have been through so many years of ultra-low rates.  There is a whole generation of homebuyers who cannot remember a Bank of England base rate of over one percent. When I bought my first house in 1993, I was paying a rate of 7.75 percent – and that seemed a bargain. A couple of years earlier mortgage rates had hit 15 percent. It is easy for young homebuyers to look back at house prices as they were in the 1990s and envy their parents’ generation. Yet mortgage repayments in those days were a huge burden. If you had just clambered on to the housing ladder there were unlikely to be many foreign holidays for a few years. But I have a lot of sympathy with recent homebuyers as their repayments soar. They have been encouraged into the market through monetary policy that has been excessively loose for far too long. When the Bank of England slashed rates to 0.5 percent in 2009, it told us that it was an emergency measure, to prevent further economic collapse in the midst of what was then the deepest recession since the 1930s. Yet, as the economy recovered, rates were kept down. First, the Bank told us it would lift rates when unemployment fell to seven per cent. When this threshold was reached, however, the Bank failed to raise rates to more normal levels. Its policymakers failed to take the threat of inflation seriously – less than a year ago they were still trying to tell us that inflation this year would peak at two percent. Last month it hit seven percent. The result of loose monetary policy has been to create an expectation that interest rates will always be low – thus enticing homebuyers and consumers to take on far bigger debts than is wise. That, in turn, has helped to inflate house prices, making life even more difficult for the next generation of buyers. But it isn’t just consumers who have been far too complacent about interest rates. The Government, too, has been fooled into thinking that it is safe to take on massive debts. A UK Government last balanced the books in 2002-2003. Since then we have had nearly two decades in which debt has been piled up year on year, to the point at which this year the Chancellor has had to spend a whopping £70billion on the state’s interest bill. That is more than the Government spends on either defence or transport – and nearly as much as it spends on education. When David Cameron became prime minister 12 years ago his government did at least have a plan to reduce debt and get the books back into balance, but the impetus has gone. The Conservatives seem to have fallen for Labour taunts about austerity and find it too tempting to dole out taxpayers’ money. Sooner or later we are going to have to wean ourselves off constant economic stimulus and get back to treating debt with caution. If that means saving up for things rather than buying them on credit, that will be a good thing. In my grandparents’ day, there were no credit cards. Nor were there any of these apps that encourage people to spend money they don’t have. There was much more of a saving culture – even down to people keeping banknotes rolled up in a jar and concealed somewhere in their homes so as to be able to afford still to pay the bills in difficult times. Trouble is that years of ultra low-interest rates have discouraged people from saving and encouraged borrowing. Saving is a habit that we need to rediscover – which is hopefully one good thing that will come out of a very tricky financial year ahead. 