On Monday, April 4, BBC's Newsround celebrated its 50th birthday, with many of the past and present producers celebrating the achievement. Newsround has been the longest-running children's news programme, which took hard news headlines and turned them into short, simple bulletins to make them more palatable for its young audience. John has now looked back on his time on the show after being the first presenter and revealed he was "proud" that the show was still a big success with children. Speaking at the 50th birthday event to Express.co.uk and other press, John was invited to give a speech which ended in a standing ovation from the past and present presenters. As he made his way to the stage, he began: "It is lovely to be here and with so many different faces from so many different decades of Newsround. "I had a wonderful time so far meeting people I hadn't seen for years and bringing back so many happy memories of when we did work together." He then discussed the first news bulletin that Newsround ran, which looked at the migration of some Ospreys. READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show "They were creating the first-ever story on the first-ever Newsround in 1972, 50 years on, Ospreys are doing quite well, and Newsround isn't doing too badly either. "We are truly grateful always to the parents in the UK who put their trust in us over the years and let us tell their children what was happening in the world from the Vietnam War to the war in Ukraine. "From pandas and popstars and lots of things in between, that trust made us realise our great responsibility, and the challenges of producing the perfect Newsround script helped us become much better as journalists. "You realise how much more you need to know about a big issue when you have to write it in a way that children understand," he explained. John went on to say that it took 17 years for him to leave the show and reminisced over old fashioned ways of working. "When Newsround started, there were just three of us in the team, and we had typewriters and stencils. We had film, not video, and we had cardboard graphics. "So much as changed and Newsround was the very first programme to use video cameras and computers, everything that news developing was tested out on us. "The message is still the same, make the stories short and simple, make them interesting and never talk down to the audience. DON'T MISS...Newsround's Lizo Mzimba shares most embarrassing on-air incident [INSIGHT]Newsround at 50: Where are the original hosts now? [LATEST]Newsround: Presenters past and present look back on iconic kids' show [WATCH] "I had the time of my life on Newsround, so many happy memories, so many friends made, such a great family feeling, incredible times. "Isn't it satisfying to be really enjoying yourself doing something that you feel is totally worthwhile? Keep the flag flying." Newsround broke some of the most historical stories, which included the explosion of the Challenger Space Shuttle in 1986, which killed all seven astronauts on board. It launched many a stellar TV career, including those of former Strictly champ Ore Oduba and sports presenters Helen Skelton and Jake Humphrey. Many of the stars took to their Twitter accounts to celebrate the 50th birthday, with Ricky Boleto writing: "Happy birthday #Newsround 50 years ago the BBC launched a children’s news programme on the 4th of April 1972." Lizo Mzimba said: "So proud to be part of the Newsround family on its 50th birthday. It's had so many great presenters and behind the camera staff. "Huge thank you to John Craven. Because of him, generations of children saw their lives reflected on TV and understood the world far better #Newsround50." Ellie Crisell praised: "HAPPY 50TH BIRTHDAY @BBCNewsround I am so proud to be part of this special alumni. Thank you, John Craven, for starting the show that has a piece of all our hearts. #newsround50." (sic) Newsround airs every day from 7:45am on CBBC.