Former Transport minister Norman Baker told GB News both Prince Harry and Prince Andrew should lose their titles as he discussed the matter with Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster. It comes as calls for the latter to have his accolades taken away following the sexual assault case brought against him, which he has strongly denied and settled outside of court. As the broadcasters and former MP debated whether the Duke of York should be stripped of titles, Baker stated Prince Harry should also have his removed. It comes as York voted unanimously for the motion to remove Prince Andrew's freeman status on Wednesday. "York wasn't asked in the first place whether they wanted Prince Andrew," the royal author argued. "I'm living in Sussex, I woke up one day to find we had Prince Harry, nobody ever asked anyone in Sussex whether they want Prince Harry. READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' "This is a rather medieval way of dealing with these matters, to just appoint people to parts of the country. "But of course, the dukedom can only be taken away by the Queen." He added: "You mentioned about the court case, it's not simply that, I mean he's also been criticised quite heavily, including in my book, for his financial arrangements, for his association with dictators, with torturers, with a convicted gunman who gave his daughter an £18,000 bracelet." Baker added: "I mean, Prince Andrew is just bad news all around, so why would you want to be associated with him? "I hope very much he will have the Duke of York title taken away." Webster argued: "But he's unlikely to I suspect because it would involve an act of parliament and that would, of course, upset Her Majesty the Queen. "But, I wonder if he's not going to have his royal title taken away might he have some of his other honourary ones?" The broadcaster pointed out: "For example, I believe he's got a link with Inverness and there's another place in Northern Ireland." DON'T MISS... 'Prince Harry should lose titles like Andrew' claims royal author [LATEST]Lord Sugar leaves The Apprentice candidates ‘feeling really tense' [EXCLUSIVE]'Doesn't acknowledge' Prince Harry sparks uproar with UK therapy [VIDEO] Holmes cut in to add: "Killyleagh, but do you know, to me what it shows - Norman has just highlighted something there, you can have all the titles you want, but the real power has to lie with money. "You can have the titles but without the money, he's not relevant, is he?" "You can have the titles, but you haven't got the public support," commented Baker. "That's more important these days, if people don't want them, actually that says more than any title. "The fact he's got a title cant override that. The public opinion in York, I think is very, very clear. "And he's damaged goods, Prince Andrew." Eamonn asked if Baker believed the prince was "permanently damaged goods". "Yes, he is, I think he is," the former MP replied. "I mean a whole lot of stuff about his finances is yet to come out, in my view. "So there's a whole lot more there, he's done immense damage to the Royal Family, he's done immense damage to the country and he's doing some damage to York, it seems." Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays at 6am on GB News.