As the hot weather approaches, Britons will be swapping out their winter wardrobe for summer clothes. However, if you're hitting the road you may want to think twice about wearing your favourite flip flops or sandals. This is because they could end up carrying a hefty fine if they interfere with your driving. According to Amy Josling, car and scrappage expert from National Scrap Car, if your shoes are deemed as "inappropriate" for driving, you could be slapped with a fine that has the potential to rise up to £5,000. The infraction could even result in penalty points in extreme cases. Ms Josling said: "Whilst flip flops are notorious for making an appearance in the summer months, we can all agree that they limit foot movement to no more than a shuffle and for that reason, do not make the most appropriate footwear for driving in. READ MORE: Grandad's fury as £37k Land Rover not built one year after order "In fact, Rule 97 of the Highway Code clearly states that clothing and footwear should not prevent you from being able to use the controls." Rule 97 of the Highway Code instructs drivers of things they should take note of "before setting off". The Highway Code states: "Before setting off you should ensure clothing and footwear do not prevent you using the controls in the correct manner." Ms Josling continued: "This means that if you are caught by the police or involved in an accident, you can be charged for driving without due care and attention' - which carries a £100 on-the-spot fine and three penalty points on your licence." DON'T MISSDiesel drivers face new parking costs three times higher than EVs [REPORT]Controversial EU law scrapped as motorists set to save £2billion [COMMENT]Nearly half of drivers think their car matches their personality [INSIGHT] However, this fine has the ability to surge in certain cases. Ms Josling explained: "If it goes to court that can increase to a maximum penalty of £5,000, nine points and potentially a driving ban. "This goes way beyond just a fashion disaster, so to avoid any of this, we recommend that drivers check their footwear before hitting the road or keep a spare pair of shoes in their car." Flip flops are not the only shoes which could see drivers infringing this rule. Mules or other types of shoes without adequate ankle support can lead to the foot slipping off the pedal. High heels are also not advised for similar reasons, as these types of shoes can cause accidents if you don't have time to react to a situation. Driving rules are often tweaked and changed on an annual basis, so it is important drivers are up-to-date with the most recent rules of the road. Ms Josling said: "As temperatures start to rise, it’s important to be aware of the latest rules and laws that could find drivers in a lot of trouble. “Being safe on the road is key to having a fun time this summer and the police will be clamping down on motorists to avoid as many accidents as possible when the roads are busy.”