People were urged by the NHS in Bristol to "take care to avoid any injuries" which could lead to "unnecessary trips" to A&E. The call was made in a bid to curb rising accident and emergency waiting times at the trust. The University of Oxford's Tom Jefferson and Carl Heneghan mocked Bristol NHS chiefs' call on DIY-ers to be careful. In an op-ed in Spiked, the pair wrote: "The current messaging, asking us to reduce our risk, does nothing to address the real issues. "Instead, it simply begs the question of what the next risky activity will be that the NHS asks us to refrain from. "If taken to its extreme, we will soon be asked to abandon flights or travel by car, as both can lead to accidents and burden A&E departments."  Professor Jefferson and Professor Heneghan, who is also director of the Centre for Evidence-Based Medicine, added: "Instead of attempting to manage demand downward, through greater risk aversion, the NHS’s focus should be on managing the rising number of attendances – whether through better prevention or by offering alternative services to A&E, which might more readily serve the population’s needs and ensure access for more people." The call over DIY led Twitter user chrisgreva to mimic the Government's Covid messaging, commenting: "Put the tools down, save the NHS!" Fellow Twitter user musicman13_8 fumed: "The NHS asks people not to get ill or have accidents as they can't cope. "[It] is not the envy of the world, it's an international embarrassment."   READ MORE ABOUT CONDOMS SENT TO INDIA AND PAKISTAN In their op-ed, the University of Oxford academics point to analysis of routine emergency data which shows A&E departments are regularly faced with high levels of non-urgent attendances. Fifteen percent of attendances were non-urgent between 2011 and 2014, while a 2017 study found 14,500 patients with dental problems went to an A&E rather than to a dentist's. The NHS responds to 110 million urgent calls or visits every year. NHS data shows there were 2.17 million attendances in March, 29 percent more than in 2021. Only 72 percent of patients were seen within four hours across all A&E departments last month, figures show.   DON'T MISS: One dead and one airlifted to hospital after Manchester stabbing [REPORT] Row erupts as Remainers whine about airport queues and black passports [LATEST] Britain gave India and Pakistan £112m in aid in 2021 [REVEALED] It comes as the number of people in England waiting to start routine hospital treatment has risen to a record 6.2 million. Figures show that in Scotland waiting times across A&E departments have matched their worst level on record. Holyrood's target is for 95 percent of patients to be discharged or admitted within four hours but the figure was 66.2 percent in the week to April 10. The NHS in Wales has also reached a record with 688,836 people waiting for treatment. Health Secretary Sajid Javid said on Tuesday the largest investment ever is going into the NHS with a budget this year bigger than Greece's GDP.  Shadow Health Secretary Wes Streeting this week warned of a permanent crisis in the NHS. He said in the Commons on Tuesday: "The fact is that the Government's failure to fix the social care crisis is causing huge pressures on the NHS. "As of last week, more than 20,000 patients were in hospital, fit to leave, but could not be discharged because the care isn't available. "That means 22,000 patients waiting more than 12 hours in A&E each month, that means heart attack and stroke victims have to wait over an hour for an ambulance." Labour MP Rushanara Ali, who represents Bethnal Green and Bow, challenged Mr Javid in the Commons over health inequalities.  She said: "The reality is a decade of underinvestment and mismanagement has meant four and a half million people are on waiting lists and over 100,000 shortages of staff before we even entered the pandemic. That exacerbated health inequalities. "While I welcome his announcements about the work that his department is doing, the reality is if you live in a constituency like mine, you are twice as likely to end up on waiting lists for over a year for treatment than those in better-off areas." She called for appropriate investment to go along with tackling "appalling" health inequalities.  The Health Secretary replied: "She is absolutely right to talk about the importance of tackling health inequalities... but I do think it is wrong of her to suggest that some of the current challenges that we face is because of underinvestment or a smaller workforce and otherwise. We have the largest investment ever going into the NHS. "Its budget this year is bigger than the GDP of Greece. It is the highest amount ever, rising by billions each year. "We have more going to social care as well than ever before. And we have the highest level of workforce the NHS has ever seen in this history." 