Erik ten Hag's summer spending spree at Manchester United could reportedly start with the signing of Norwich City's Max Aarons. The Red Devils are expected to make some significant changes to their squad at the end of the season and the Canaries right-back may well be the first through the Old Trafford door, though United could face competition from Arsenal.  United are leading the race for the 22-year-old's signature alongside fellow top-four chasers Arsenal. With the Red Devils having reportedly agreed a deal to appoint Ajax boss Ten Hag at the end of the season, it appears the Norwich youngster could well mark the start of his summer overhaul. It now appears that Aarons could be the answer to United's right-back reservations and his status as one of the Premier League's up-and-coming stars is likely to fit the mould as the type of player Ten Hag may desire. It is understood it will likely cost a fee in the region of £20million to tempt Norwich into parting with one of their biggest assets. It comes as little surprise that United are understood to be targeting a new right-back given their woes in that area this season. The Red Devils shelled out £50million on Aaron Wan-Bissaka from Crystal Palace in the summer of 2019, but the former Eagle has seemingly struggled to make the step up and has fallen down the club's pecking order. READ MORE: Man Utd target Milinkovic-Savic 'destined to leave' Lazio this summer  Current interim manager Ralf Rangnick has scarcely entrusted the 24-year-old since being appointed back in November, preferring to deploy Diogo Dalot at right-back instead. However, doubts remain over whether the Portuguese defender is good enough to consistently perform to the level United desire. Despite Norwich sitting rock-bottom of the Premier League and on the verge of relegation, Aarons has continued to impress this season as talk of summer transfer gathers pace. According to The Sun, German giants Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund are reportedly tracking the England Under-21 international, but there's plenty of interest from the Premier League.  Aarons has remained loyal to the Canaries in recent seasons, amid reported interest from the likes of Barcelona and Roma. However, with Dean Smith's side seven points adrift of Premier League safety and doomed for relegation, it appears increasingly likely that this summer will see Aarons embark on a new adventure. United are expected to see the right-back at close quarters on Saturday when Norwich make the trip to Old Trafford. Aarons suffered a hamstring injury last month, but is expected to return to action against Rangnick's side. 