Leyla (played by Roxy Shahidi) is one Emmerdale resident who wants to see Meena (Paige Sandhu) rot in prison for her crimes, having been gunned down by the villain a couple of months ago and the killer murdered her stepdaughter, Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger). The Take A Vow owner has been doing her best to stand by Liam (Jonny McPherson) throughout the case, despite all the trauma it will have been racking up for her. In upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, she will mysteriously disappear from proceedings and it has been reported Leyla is going to be hiding a big secret about what she's been up to. Next week's episodes will see Meena's trial begin as she tries her best to convince the jury she is not guilty of killing three villagers. Writer of the scripts and soap expert, Sharon Marshall, spoke on ITV's This Morning earlier this week and teased the drama which was lying ahead for viewers. Sharon explained: "[Meena] is back. She’s going to lie, she’s going to stand there looking like butter wouldn’t melt and claim she had an affair with Liam. "He’s so enraged he flips out so is that going to lose him the jury? It’s going to be good. One last final act. It’s just been a warm-up so far." However, the soap expert also hinted Leyla will have a part to play in the trial as she said: "Keep an eye on Leyla, by the way, she’s hiding something." READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show There could be any number of things Leyla is hiding from her loved ones but what they might not realise is she has actually been approached by Meena's defence team. It could be the lawyers want to use some underhand tactics to get the villain out of jail and this could include paying off one of the witnesses/victims. With Leyla being someone who they believe they could wrap around their fingers, the team could make an attempt to coerce her into staying away from the courts. Although she wants to be fiercely loyal to her husband Liam, the businesswoman could decide an investment of money would really benefit the couple at the moment. Therefore, she could agree to the deal, hoping her husband could forgive her for the betrayal of not being there to support him in his darkest moments. Official soap spoilers have revealed Leyla's absence from the court won't go unnoticed as her neighbours will be questioning where she was. Wendy Posner (Susan Cookson) will be one such person who grills the businesswoman over her whereabouts, given how vocal she has been about getting Meena sent down. It seems the mother of one will have a lot to answer for and feeling pressured into a corner, she could confess what she did to Liam. Of course, he would be furious to discover his wife's betrayal and his first thought would be to report the villain's defence team. However, Leyla would explain to him if he did that, she would go to jail for a long time for accepting such a bribe and he would have to relive the trauma of his daughter's death again as the murder trial would have to be redone. DON'T MISS...Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Emma Atkins left 'devastated' by Charity Dingle's fate [COMMENT] Agreeing it would be best not to report the incident to the authorities, Liam would find another way to get his revenge. Thinking she might have got Liam on her side with her plans for the money, Leyla would be devastated to see divorce papers thrown in front of her. The doctor could explain to his wife he is never going to be able to forgive her for accepting a bribe and helping Meena. This would be the end of their relationship and speaking to Express.co.uk and other media earlier this year, producer Laura Shaw teased such a twist was on the horizon. Laura explained: "Leyla has a big storyline coming up in 2022. We've seen her be a huge support to Liam through the loss of his daughter Leanna but is all as it seems?" "Is Leyla really coping as well as she seems to on the surface, or is there a bit more going on there that we'll uncover?" she continued. There was no hint given to an allegiance with Meena so it could be this secret was being saved until the episodes were broadcast. Regardless of whether helps the villain in some way, it seems she will be making an exit from the show one way or another. Executive producer, Jane Hudson, said of Meena's fate: "Judgement Day for Meena is coming. "Whether she will get away with murder or not, you'll have to wait to find out. There are still some more twists and turns to be had and some you won't see coming, but I think we're all agreed that Meena can do pretty much anything." "Judgemental Day for Meena won't play out quite as you expect and it will have a lasting effect on quite a few of our villagers," she added. "I think within the next few months Meena will get what's coming to her," the soap boss added. One such impact of the murder trial could be Leyla and Liam splitting as they seem to have overcome so much in the past few months. They've waded through their grief for Leanna, the loss of their own baby, Leyla being shot and Meena lying about having an affair with Liam. However, could the doctor need a fresh start without any reminders of Meena's villainy, including her collusion with his wife? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.