Bethany Cupples, from Huddersfield in Yorkshire, bought a “purebred French bulldog" puppy for £600 on Gumtree, but as the dog grew older she realised she was a different breed. Although the puppy is not a purebred French bulldog as expected, the woman admitted she “wouldn’t change her for the world’". The woman admitted she was “very surprised" when she went to collect the puppy in May 2020 as she thought she had found herself a bargain. The dog was five-week-old at that time, and was found in a pet advertisement on Gumtree. Bethany Cupples said that at the moment of the collection she realised that something wasn’t quite right, but admitted she “instantly fell in love” with the pet. The puppy was a birthday present for her mum. As the pet grew older, it became clear that the puppy was not a purebred French bulldog. The dog, Luna, has much more longer hair than an average French bulldog and she also has a tiled snout. When realised that something wasn’t quite right, Bethany took Luna to the vet, who confirmed that the pet is not a purebred French bulldog but a “Frorkie”, a mix between a French bulldog and a Yorkshire terrier. Referring to the advertisement, Bethany believes it must have been an honest mistake, as the animals she saw when collecting Luna were extremely cared for. READ MORE: Dad 'stabs burglar to death' after watching him raid home on doorbell “The seller did just make a honest mistake. “I wouldn’t doubt the seller to be a bad seller or breeder. “The condition of the puppies were left in was immaculate, and they were well nourished and fed”. In a video posted to TikTok, Bethany showed images of what the pet looked like as a puppy compared to now. Together with the video, Bethany aslo wrote: “We bought a puppy for £600, a ‘pure bred Frenchie’ from Gumtree and this is what she turned into…” DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: William 'predicted category 5 tantrum' [WATCH] Meghan ally frets over Queen ‘alone’ with ‘unsympathetic' staff [LISTEN] Queen Mother brutally 'humiliated' Wallis Simpson: 'Had a vendetta' [INSIGHT] The video of Luna’s transformation went immediately viral and gained more than 3.3 million views. Speaking to LadBible, Bethany said: “No matter the breed or the price, we welcomed her into our family with open arms. “She made our family whole and we wouldn’t change her for the world, she has the most amazing personality and is a funny individual.” Despite the initial confusion, the pet is fit and healthy and Bethany said she and her family could not be happier with Luna.