The Prime Minister is currently preparing to lead the Conservatives into his first round of local elections this year, with Britons poised to punish him at the polls for his part in partygate. But he will take a brief break today for the birthday of his and Carrie Johnson's firstborn son Wilfred, one of two children the couple have welcomed since they entered Downing Street. Boris Johnson has a long and controversial relationship history that occasionally ignites questions from the general public, primarily around his children. Mr Johnson married then-girlfriend Carrie in a secret post-lockdown ceremony at Westminster Cathedral in March 2021, his third wedding since 1987. His first marriage was to Allegra Mostyn-Owen for six years from 1987 to 1993 and later to Marina Wheeler from 1993 to 2020. Of his three wives, the Prime Minister has welcomed children with two and allegedly sired another out of wedlock. READ MORE: BBC QT audience clash over PM's role in misogyny row Mr Johnson's first child was Lara Lettice Johnson-Wheeler, born in 1993 before he married Ms Wheeler. The couple had four children together, including Milo Arthur, Cassia Peaches and Theodore Apollo Johnson. Counting his two with Mrs Johnson, Wilfred and Romy, the Prime Minister has had six children with his wives. He has also welcomed another while married, but not with his then partners. In 2010, reports revealed that Mr Johnson had fathered a child with arts consultant Helen MacIntyre. Ms MacIntyre gave birth to a daughter, Stephanie, in 2009 following an affair with the then Mayor of London. The Prime Minister denied he has children from any other extra-marital affairs during an interview in 2021. While he famously dodges questions about his family life during media interviews, he touched on the subject late last year while Mrs Johnson was expecting the couple's second child. Before they welcomed their daughter, an interviewer with American network NBC asked whether he had six children. Mr Johnson replied "yes" to the question before adding that it was "fantastic" to have children in Number 10. He said that he had changed a "lot of nappies" while serving as Prime Minister. In previous interviews with British journalists, he has dodged questions about his other children. LBC radio presenter Nick Ferrari pressed the Prime Minister on the subject ahead of the general election in 2019. He asked how many children Mr Johnson had, to which he replied that people wanted to hear about "what plans [the Conservatives] have". He added: “I love my children very much, but they are not standing at this election, and I’m not therefore going to comment.” The Prime Minister gave a similar response, stating he would not "put them on to the pitch in this election campaign", when Mr Ferrari questioned whether he was “fully and wholly involved in all their lives”.