Erik ten Hag could boost his potentially withering attacking options at Manchester United this summer by giving Anthony Martial a chance to resurrect his career at Old Trafford. As many as five first-team forwards could leave United at the end of the season whilst Martial returns from his loan stint at Sevilla. The 26-year-old's United career has stuttered to an underwhelming halt, scoring just once in 11 appearances in the first half of the campaign. And he's also struggled to impress at Sevilla after his January loan switch, netting one goal in 10 games for the La Liga outfit. Martial has confirmed he won't be extending his stay in Seville and is primed to return to Old Trafford this summer with a new manager at the helm. He told ABC: "I see it very complicated to be able to continue at Sevilla. I came knowing that I would surely have to return to Manchester United". After arriving from Ajax, Ten Hag could oversee a staggering exodus of attacking talent in his first transfer window. And whilst the clear-out could very well include Martial, the 52-year-old might be tempted to keep him around and attempt to make him a valuable asset again. JUST IN: Jack Grealish given Peaky Blinders nickname by Man City stars Edinson Cavani, Jesse Lingard and Juan Mata are already all but confirmed to leave United as free agents this summer. And even if Mason Greenwood is cleared of the serious accusations made against him, he might be forced to reignite his once-promising career by heading for the exit door. Meanwhile, the Mirror report Ten Hag has told United figures that Cristiano Ronaldo doesn't feature in his future plans and has given the five-time Ballon d'Or winner the green light to leave. If all five players depart, only Marcus Rashford, Jadon Sancho, Anthony Elanga and Martial would remain in the senior squad before recruitment. READ MORE: Man Utd announce Old Trafford redevelopment plan to start immediately A new coach with new ideas - attacking, fast-flowing football ideas - could help reinvigorate Martial's trajectory after a difficult spell. But if the Dutchman recruits a new right-winger and striker, as he's reportedly looking to do, it could spell the end for him in M16. However, with that said, still just 26, it'd be surprising if Martial wasn't given a chance to prove to Ten Hag that he has something to offer next season and beyond. If his heart isn't already entirely set on a summer escape, he may soon have new hope that he can restore his popularity on the terraces. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.