The £150 council tax rebate will be provided to those in tax bands A to D. However, it is expected that households in Band E may take the opportunity to challenge their tax band in hopes of getting the rebate.  Council tax bands indicate the amount of tax households pay, but now the Chancellor's rebate has created an extra layer of separation, specifically for those in bands E and above. The Chancellor announced in February that all households in council tax bands A to D will receive a £150 rebate in April. This rebate will not need to be paid back and was announced alongside a £200 energy discount. The measures were implemented to help vulnerable households stay afloat amidst the cost of living crisis. Council tax bands are based on a property’s value on April 1, 1991 for England and Scotland and April 1, 2003 for Wales. The VOA is in charge of allocating properties within the correct council tax band, and households in England and Wales. Britons can submit a challenge to them if they believe they are incorrectly banded. The VOA will review challenges that have sufficient reason and evidence to believe they are truly incorrectly banded. This can include: Changes to the property itself can be cited if the property has been demolished, split into multiple properties or merged into one. The use of the property refers to the main action conducted in it, meaning that Britons who have set up a home business during the pandemic could report that part of their property is now used for business. Households that have been paying council tax on their property for less than six months will also have their challenge reviewed by the VOA. Britons may be asked to provide evidence to support their challenge and their reasoning, which should include up to five similar properties in a lower council tax band. These properties must be similar to the challengers own home in: The type of house refers to the fact that a bungalow home would likely not be considered similar to a terraced house. Additionally, the properties listed must be in the same street, estate or village depending on whether one lives in a town, city or countryside.  Council tax challenges could have unintended consequences, as a person's bill can be moved up instead of down. As a result, a challenge could actually mean people end up paying more in council tax if they do not amply check their circumstances before submitting the challenge. Britons could also provide the sale price of their own or similar properties as evidence so long as the sales were between April 1, 1989 and March 31, 1993 if the property is in England. Britons can then compare the sale price of their property to the property values for council tax bands at the time. This can be done using the data on the Gov.uk website.