Addressing a press conference in New Delhi in India, Mr Johnson was asked if he will even still be Prime Minister by Diwali. He replied with a confident “yes”.  The question was repeated and the PM told reporters he believes he has covered the questions on his moral probity already. More than a dozen Tory MPs are now calling for Mr Johnson to go as he faces sustained pressure over the Downing Street Covid party scandal. The PM has faced repeated questions about his future as the scandal continues to dog him despite his attempts to move on to broader issues during a trip to India. On Friday, Robert Largan became the latest of more than a dozen Tory MPs to speak out against Mr Johnson, telling constituents in a newsletter that he “will not defend the indefensible”.  Another backbencher, Tobias Ellwood, who has already called on Mr Johnson to go, said there had been a “silence of support” and urged Conservatives to “take matters into their own hands”. Discussing whether Boris Johnson will no longer be Prime Minister, executive editor of the Economist Anne McElvoy on BBC Newsnight said: “Boris Johnson has always exceeded expectations but he clearly has a way to go to exceed expectations on this. “We won’t really know until we get through the May local elections. “If the party looks at the fact that they think it has been so devastating that he is no longer bankable, even in the sense of coming back from a terrible period of all these fines, we will know a bit more.  READ MORE: Man crushed to death in garden after going to take nap in hammock “It’s a bit like the old Monty Python sketch. “Predicting Boris Johnson going is a bit like always predicting the end of the world. “It could take a lot longer than perhaps that those who would wish him gone would think.” Mr Johnson also talked about strengthening the ties between India and the UK, saying the former increasingly lies in the geopolitical centre of the world.  DON'T MISS:Britain to be hotter than Madrid with warm 19C conditions TODAYBoris vows to send Ukraine ‘heavier weaponry’Royal fans gush as Kate releases adorable birthday snaps of Louis He sets out his vision for a trade agreement between the two nations to be completed by Diwali. Indian investment already supports almost half a million British jobs and, with a population bigger than the US and the EU combined, there is so much potential for us to take our trade and investment to a whole new level. 