Netflix hit the South Korean series Squid Game took the world by complete storm when it first landed on the streaming platform in 2021. With millions of fans eagerly awaiting a second instalment, the showrunner and director Hwang Dong-hyuk shared there will be a two-year wait.  The critically acclaimed director shattered many hearts with the disappointing update after confirming a second season would be in the works, earlier this year. Hwang had revealed the reception for the survival drama took him by complete surprise as the project had been sitting in his hard drive for 10 years. Affirming there would be a second instalment, Hwang told Deadline: “It would almost not make sense to not have a sophomore season for something that was loved.” At the time, the director stated he could not reveal a potential release date, however, this all changed with his recent update. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Ethan Anderson's secret exposed in Meena twist Speaking to Variety, Hwang revealed he has hopes of season two returning to Netflix by the end of 2024. He had also recently shared the potential episode hadn't even been written yet. The director stated: “It's here. Not on the page, it's here,” pointing at his head he added: “Everything is secret, I cannot tell anything.” Fans can be thankful it won’t take as long as the first season took to get picked up, as it faced countless rejections. Instead, Hwang shared he had been working on a new film titled ‘Killing Old People,’ which was inspired by a novel written by Umberto Eco. During a session at MipTV, the director revealed it would be another controversial film and he had already completed the 25-page treatment. Hwang hinted: “It will be more violent than ‘Squid Game,” before joking that he might have to hide from old people after the film’s release. For the moment, the project has the working title of ‘K.O. Club’. DON'T MISS...Carolina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Carolina Santos? [INSIGHT]Squid Game's Jung Ho-yeon's twin sister to appear as star drops hint? [THEORY] Squid Game's boss teases return of huge star in second season [INSIGHT] Hwang also shared with Variety the moment he met his directing hero, Steven Spielberg during the AFI Award luncheon. “Steven Spielberg told me ‘I watched your whole show in three days and now I want to steal your brain.’” Reflecting on the moment, he added: “It was like the biggest compliment I ever got in my life because he’s my film hero. I grew up watching his movies.” The director has previously revealed when he had begun writing Squid Game, it was intended to be a feature film, however by turning it into a series, he was able to explore each character on a deeper level. Squid Game’s success broke multiple Netflix records as it was streamed for over 3 billion minutes across its second week alone. This resulted in the show which was written, created and directed by Hwang, Netflix’s most-watched series to date. By surpassing 1.9 billion streams in its debut week, Squid game joined the exclusive “3 billion club,” alongside other Netflix shows such as Ozark, You and The Crown. Squid Game is available on Netflix. 