Good Friday and Easter Monday are both bank holidays which will affect benefit payments made by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). This change will also affect Britons who receive Universal Credit and Personal Independence Payments (PIP). Three million Britons are still on one of six old style legacy benefits: Working Tax Credits, Child Tax Credits, Jobseekers Allowance, Income Support, Employment and Support Allowance and Housing Benefit. These people rely on state benefits to help them make ends meet, money which is vital to help them pay their rent and bills and put food on the table. This is especially important as people grapple with soaring bills and prices due to the cost of living crisis. In April, the way they will be paid will change slightly to compensate for the two bank holidays that fall over the Easter weekend. READ MORE: How to get help with your PIP claim and full list of 19 conditions This will result in claimants receiving their money slightly earlier. All claimants will be paid a day or two earlier this week because of Easter. In addition, they should also receive a bit more cash as benefit payments have now risen 3.1 percent in line with inflation. It means that Britons who would usually receive their money on Friday April 15 will receive it on Thursday April 14 instead. DON'T MISS:Mother of two ‘distraught’ after losing 'all family savings’ in scam [WARNING]PIP claimants urged to claim 10 other freebies that could save £1000s [ALERT]TV licence explained: Are you eligible for a £159 refund? [UPDATE] Those who would usually receive their money on Monday April 18 will receive it three days early on Thursday April 14. The same also applies to Britons on new style benefits such as Universal Credit and PIP. In addition those who receive Carer’s Allowance, Attendance Allowance, State Pension and Pension Credit can also expect to receive their money earlier. It should be a welcome relief to Britons struggling to make ends meet. Meanwhile, the DWP has launched a new campaign urging Tax Credits claimants to check whether they'd be better off on Universal Credit. Universal Credit was first introduced in 2013 but the rollout of it was halted because of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, not all legacy benefit claimants will be better off on Universal Credit. For this reason, it’s advisable to use a benefits calculator to check before making a decision. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Once a change in circumstance has been triggered, claimants can’t reverse their decision. Alternatively, Britons can wait until the DWP contacts them which could be any time up until 2024. The DWP has launched a new section on the Universal Credit website for Tax Credit customers explaining the difference. People can find out more on Gov.uk.