Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick believed he had a gem in Mason Greenwood prior to the striker’s arrest in January, according to reports. The England international was suspended by the Red Devils in the New Year after it was alleged he had caused a woman harm. He’s not played for the club in the time since. Greenwood was part of the United squad Rangnick inherited from Ole Gunnar Solskjaer when he took charge back in December. But the striker has been unavailable since January amid a police investigation. Back in January, a woman alleged that Greenwood had assaulted her - with the Red Devils then proceeding to remove all of his merchandise from their online store. And the Telegraph say that, prior to this, Rangnick had believed the 20-year-old was a ‘prime candidate’ when it came to raw ability and ‘application on the pitch’. Greenwood had started to come good on the field under the 63-year-old at the time of his suspension. Rangnick also thought the United striker was ‘still mouldable’ into a superstar, too. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But he’s since been forced to go without his young striker, instead relying on Cristiano Ronaldo, Edinson Cavani and Marcus Rashford for goals. Rangnick feels other United players have failed to respond to his coaching at the current moment in time. He didn’t get the assistants he wanted at Old Trafford due to work permit issues, with Chris Armas hired instead. And Rangnick is said to believe many of his current crop ‘do not have the intensity’ of the players at the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool. At the start of the season, many thought United could challenge for the Premier League title. Especially after landing Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo from Borussia Dortmund, Real Madrid and Juventus during the summer transfer window. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players But now, with mere games to go, United’s season is primed to finish on a low. Tuesday night’s 4-0 defeat to Liverpool means their hopes of securing Champions League football hang in the balance. Instead, Europa League or even UEFA Conference League football may wait next term. And Sky Sports pundit Jamie Carragher was extremely critical of United after their recent 4-0 defeat to Liverpool on Tuesday night. “I said through the first half at 2-0, I did feel it would end up being about 4-0,” Carragher told Sky Sports. “Where Manchester United are right now, that was me in a Liverpool shirt, trying to challenge Manchester United when they were top dogs. “They had the manager, they had the squad, they had everything covered and we were just trying to hang onto their coattails. “But what I saw there today, certainly in that first half, what I saw in that first game at Old Trafford, I don’t think we ever stooped that low. “We lost one time 4-0 at Old Trafford, but we had a man sent off after a minute, I think it was Sami Hyypia who get sent off after one minute. “We got some doings off Manchester United – they were better than us – but we still had something about us, a personality, a character. “We still won trophies in unbelievable circumstances when we weren’t one of the best teams. “I couldn’t imagine this Manchester United team doing something out of the ordinary like an Istanbul [in 2005 where Liverpool came from 3-0 down against AC Milan in the Champions League final and won], or winning an FA Cup when they shouldn’t. “We always still felt we had the ability to do something in a game and you knew there’d be a bit of fight. “This Manchester United, yes they’re awful, but this is one of the most expensively assembled squads in the history of the game, right up there with Manchester City. “If you [Gary Neville] were playing now for that Manchester United team – I’m not even talking about [Ryan] Giggs or [Paul] Scholes – you wouldn’t allow that to happen. I wouldn’t allow that to happen.”