Over the weekend, a series of posts surfaced on Sarah Ferguson’s Instagram page which were written by Prince Andrew on his experience of fighting in the Falklands. In the posts, which have since been deleted, he noted that he entered the conflict “full of bravado” and returned a “changed man”. On the latest episode of US Weekly, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross spoke about the Duke's surfaced posts. Ms Ross described the posts as "very cringy". She added: "He could not read the room on how people are feeling about him right now." The posts were about his time fighting in the Falklands in which the Duke described that he returned from the war a "changed man". Ms Ross said: "Not to disrespect his time in the military... there are comments you could make towards that even. "It was such a tone-deaf thing to do." The posts surfaced on his ex-wife's Instagram page and Ms Ross described this as "a weird platform to use", insisting that he is not "reading the room". READ MORE: Royal POLL: Do you think William and Kate should move closer to the Queen? Ms Garibaldi said of the Duke: "[Either] he's very entitled and just doesn't get it or someone's not telling him to not do this and he's not listening. "There's just a disconnect here. Mr Garibaldi added: "He really just needs to kind of remove himself from the situation." Ms Ross added: "He needs to lay low and take a step back. "He still has this life of incredible privilege, he just needs to go and live his very privileged life quietly and just take a step out of the limelight and accept his fate." READ MORE: Kate's silent gesture spotted by Royal fans at Prince Philip memorial The posts caused controversy as Prince Andrew had signed off the captions with “written by HRH The Duke of York”. During the sexual assault civil case brought against him by Virginia Giuffre in the US, the Duke was stripped of his military titles and patronages, including his HRH title. Virginia Giuffre claimed Prince Andrew sexually assaulted her on three occasions when she was 17. He has repeatedly denied these allegations. In November 2019, journalist Emily Maitlis quizzed the Duke over the sex abuse allegations made against him. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] Prince Andrew reportedly had close ties with convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein and in the 2019 interview, the Duke said he did not regret this friendship. The interview received enormous amounts of public criticism, and following the interview, the Duke made a decision to step back from his royal duties. In February 2022, it was confirmed that Prince Andrew had agreed to pay a settlement fee to bring the civil sexual assault case brought by his accuser to a close. The settlement agreement has been reported to amount to as much as £12million, although the amount has not been confirmed.