Dan Walker announced on Monday he was leaving his role on BBC Breakfast as a presenter to move over to 5 News on Channel 5. Dan, who has presented the BBC news programme since 2016, revealed "the chance to do something different was too good to turn down". The 45-year-old will be the lead anchor of the recently re-launched hour-long 5pm bulletin.  The father-of-three issued a statement about his career move, which said: “I can't wait to get stuck into the daily news show, but I am also excited about making some great new TV for Channel 5."I love their ideas and creativity and it’s rare to get an opportunity like this where paths and ambitions meet."The chance to do something different was too good to turn down.”5 News re-launched last November and Dan will be hosting the bulletin alongside Claudia-Liza Vanderpuije.  READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... Director of Content for Paramount UK, Ben Frow, said of Dan's appointment: “Dan Walker joining the Channel shows that Channel 5 attracts leading talent."Dan is a renowned broadcaster and we’re looking forward to seeing him not just fronting 5 News but bringing his experience to programming across Channel 5 as we continue to develop and grow our output.”Meanwhile, Daniel Pearl, Commissioning Editor, at Channel 5 (VP) said: “We’re delighted that Dan Walker is joining the fantastic team at 5 News, as an anchor, he will be instrumental in the success of Channel 5’s News output as it continues to grow and evolve.”As well as hosting the news programme, Dan's role will include fronting a range of new non-news programmes for Channel 5. Cait FitzSimons, 5 News' Editor, referred to Dan as one of the nation's "best and most popular" news presenters.She exclaimed: "I look forward to working with him to build on the success of our new hour-long programme and finding more ways to tell stories that touch viewers’ lives across the nation.”Dan's fans were quick to take to Twitter to respond to the news with Diane posting: "So disappointed you're leaving breakfast but look forward to watching you on C5..Good luck Dan!!"Jane Walmsley added: "Congratulations but really sorry to see you leave BBC Breakfast."  DON'T MISS...Dan Walker reacts to devastated BBC Breakfast fans over Channel 5 move [LATEST]Dan Walker quits BBC Breakfast as he lands hosting role on Channel 5 [BREAKING]Dan Walker calls Sara Davies’ bluff as Strictly star unveils new ink [PICTURES] Former Good Morning Britain boss Erron Gordon shared: "Congratulations Dan! Fabulous team @5_News."Andrew Mills posted: "Good luck Dan. Always remember what you did for Sheffield and in particular Endcliffe Park whilst at the BBC. A great legacy for you, all the best for the future."Dan replaced journalist Bill Turnbull as presenter of BBC Breakfast six years ago.His first instalment aired on February 29, 2016, and he hosted the show with Louise Minchin until she left last year. Since Louise's exit, Dan has been presenting the programme alongside broadcaster Sally Nugent.Dan will be replacing Sian Williams on 5 News, after the 57-year-old recently announced she was stepping down from the role.Her exit came after she gained a Psychology doctorate and said she was "being needed elsewhere". 