A person’s entitlement to the state pension, as well as other benefits, is dependent on their record of National Insurance contributions. Recently, the payment rate for benefits was raised so the full new state pension comes to currently worth £185.15 per week for claimants. To get the full amount, new state pension claimants must have made National Insurance contributions for at least 35 complete years by the time they have retired. In comparison, the full basic state pension is now £141.85 per week and people will usually need 30 qualifying years on their National Insurance record for this. Some may get a different amount, such as if they were contracted out. Those who are employed usually have their National Insurance taken out automatically from their wages. In comparison, people who work for themselves have to pay via a self-assessment form if they earn above a certain amount. Taxpayers can opt to use the Government’s online National Insurance contributions service to see how far away they are from getting the full state pension.  READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  They must have a Government Gateway account to use this service and can get an account by signing up using details from their passport, payslips or a P60. Once logged onto their account, taxpayers will be able to see their National Insurance history. Specifically, any gaps between National Insurance contributions which could affect someone’s eligibility for the full state pension will be highlighted. Many people have gaps in their National Insurance record for a variety of reasons, which can include being self-employed or not earning past the threshold. Commonly, stay-at-home parents and carers encounter this issue as they often leave the professional world behind for a number of years. However, it is possible for taxpayers to claim National Insurance credits to top-up their retirement pot. Data from Quilter revealed that people making Class 3 National Insurance contributions has gone up by 85 percent after the launch of the new state pension in 2016. These contributions allow taxpayers to fill in gaps within their National Insurance record by paying voluntary contributions. This eventually entitles them to more or the full state pension when they retire. Jon Greer, the head of retirement policy at Quilter, shared why he believes it is important for the Government to educate people on the importance of making National Insurance contributions. Mr Greer said: “This significant spike in 2016 in the number of people choosing to top up their state pension illustrates that government changes can have a big impact on behaviour. “It may therefore be prudent for the government to mount an educational campaign to ensure more people are aware that these top ups are available if they have gaps in their National Insurance record particularly in light of the job issues many have faced since the pandemic started. “If someone does have a gap, it is worthwhile considering whether to make additional contributions as they can be worth far more than what you pay particularly for those that live longer. “With the average life expectancy stretching into the 80s now, people need as much retirement provision as they can get and ensuring that they understand how much state pension they may receive is vital.” As well as this, Mr Greer encouraged everyone to check online to see the current state of their National Insurance record. He added: “Before considering making voluntary contributions it is sensible for people to check their National Insurance record and that can be done online. “It’s important to be aware that voluntary contributions don’t always increase your state pension and it’s advisable to contact the future pension centre to find out whether it could be beneficial. “Anyone worried about their retirement provision should seek professional financial advice. “An adviser will be able to look at your complete financial situation and create a plan to suit your unique circumstances.”