Manchester United have confirmed Cristiano Ronaldo won't travel to Anfield to face Liverpool in Tuesday's Premier League clash. On Monday, Ronaldo announced the tragic news that his and partner Georgina Rodriguez's newborn son had passed away. Last October, Ronaldo and Rodriguez announced they were expecting twins before, two months later, revealing they were due to have a boy and a girl. However, the United star took to his social media channels at the start of the week to announce they had tragically lost their baby son. His statement read: "It is with our deepest sadness we have to announce that our baby boy has passed away. It is the greatest pain that any parents can feel. Only the birth of our baby girl gives us the strength to live this moment with some hope and happiness. "We would like to thank the doctors and nurses for all their expert care and support. We are all devastated at this loss and we kindly ask for privacy at this very difficult time. Our baby boy, you are our angel. We will always love you." JUST IN: Three players Arsenal can sign to fix issue Ian Wright has picked out And now United have unsurprisingly confirmed he won't feature against bitter rivals Liverpool 24 hours later. Just hours before Ralf Rangnick's squad travel to Merseyside, a statement underlined the family's request for privacy. It read: "Family is more important than everything and Ronaldo is supporting his loved ones at this immensely difficult time. As such, we can confirm that he will not feature in the match against Liverpool at Anfield on Tuesday evening and we underline the family's request for privacy." In football terms, as irrelevant as they are in such desperately sad situations, the news comes as a significant blow for United. Jurgen Klopp's title-chasers were already heavily favoured to win the match, and the visitors' task will only be more difficult without their most influential player in the dressing room. READ MORE: Chelsea ace Antonio Rudiger’s stance on sealing Man Utd transfer  The Red Devils are already missing Raphael Varane, Luke Shaw, Fred, Scott McTominay and Edinson Cavani through injury. And three points are crucial if they're to maintain the pressure on fourth-place Tottenham Hotspur in the closely-contested race for Champions League qualification. With an unlikely triumph at Anfield, United would move level with Tottenham, having played a game more, and steer three points clear of Arsenal in fifth. The Gunners face Chelsea in an equally-tough London derby on Wednesday night. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.