Cleaning experts have shared how to use natural products to clean tile grout. Chemical products can be more costly and can even damage materials such as stainless steel and tiles if they’re left for too long. Chemicals can also produce fumes that can trigger headaches. In a video for Dri Pak, a cleaning expert shared how to clean tile grout using white vinegar and soda crystals. The caption of the video read: “How to clean tile grout with traditional cleaning products with no noxious fumes. “White vinegar and liquid soda crystals.” Firstly, homeowners need to spray any yellowing or brown grout with white vinegar. READ MORE: Weeds: Use baking soda to quickly get rid of ‘stubborn’ patio weeds Ensure the grout is thoroughly covered, leaving no gaps. Leave the white vinegar solution to work for five minutes. Homeowners will need an old toothbrush to clean right in the tile grout. Squeeze a small amount of liquid soda crystals onto the toothbrush and start scrubbing the grout. DON'T MISSHouseplants: Use eggshells to ‘boost’ the health of your plants [INSIGHT]What to look out for when viewing houses - check natural light [UPDATE]Interior: How to update your bathroom cabinets to transform a house [ANALYSIS] The mixtures of the soda crystals and white vinegar should start to remove and discolouration. Once the grout has been thoroughly scrubbed, rinse the area clean. The grout should now be back to its original colour. Instead of liquid soda crystals, homeowners can also use bicarbonate of soda cream or powdered bicarbonate of soda. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The solution can be applied and rinse off as normal. When baking soda is mixed with vinegar, the acid breaks down the powder, releasing carbon dioxide. The gas helps to lift any dirt and grime from surfaces. Dri-Pak Liquid Soda Crystals can be bought from Ocado for £2.  Wilko Original Liquid Soda Crystals Spray costs £1. Dri-Pak Pure White Vinegar costs £2 from Ocado. Wilko Original White Vinegar Spray is £1.50. Stardrops White Vinegar Spray is 89p from The Range.