British author Kate Atkinson’s best-selling WWII novel Life After Life is coming to the screens for the first time with a stunning new adaptation on BBC Two. Starring Mare of Easttown’s James McArdle and Last Night In Soho breakout Thomasin McKenzie, the cast of the breathtaking miniseries have opened up about their chaotic experience sharing apartments with the stars of E4’s Married At First Sight UK. Main cast member James confirmed the Life After Life team stayed in the same building as the stars of MAFS during production at a recent Q&A for the new series. Although the new historical romance was filmed with Covid restrictions still in place, the stars admitted coming up close and personal with the reality show was much worse. “Nothing was as difficult - forget Covid, “James began. “Where Thomasin, Sian [Clifford] and I were staying, we were sharing the apartment blocks with the Married At First Sight UK cast. “I am not kidding. I am here to say it was hell.” James and Thomasin share the screen with co-star Sian Clifford, the BAFTA and Emmy-winning star of Fleabag. READ MORE: Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series Their new series details the romantic and often tragic multiple lives of Ursula Todd (played by Thomasin), following the novel’s unusual time loop structure. The actors may have felt stuck on repeat themselves as they were forced to spend each night trying to avoid the Married at First Sight cast. In E4’s British version of the internationally successful reality show format, the MAFS contenders are challenged to marry a new partner on their first meeting. A seventh season is set to be released later this year, but, in the meantime, James and Thomasin pulled the curtain back on what went down during production on season six last year. James recalled: “I used to wake up ready to play Hugh [Todd], and I’d hear this person saying, ‘So did you come here to find love, and did you find it?’ “Then, I’m like, ‘Shut up!’ Anyway, that was much worse than Covid, I found.” The Scottish star of films such as Mary Queen of Scots and Ammonite portrays Ursula’s father Hugh and the head of the Todd family in Life After Life. Thomasin also shared her story of stumbling across a MAFS cast member after what must have been a particularly wild night of partying. DON'T MISS:NCIS LA season 13: Sam undergoes life change to care for father [PREVIEW]Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Mike betrays Gus to save Nacho [THEORY]NCIS' Pauley Perrette sparks fan frenzy with new look [UPDATE] She recalled: “Remember once, we woke up at, like - our pick-up was like, five or 6am in the morning. “We all individually walked down to the lobby, and there was just a woman completely passed out on the lobby floor. “Still with a glass of champagne in her hand!” Her identity remained a mystery, but reality show fans met Thomasin’s unconscious lobby host at some point in MAFS’ latest season last year. A release date has yet to be confirmed, but the seventh outing of the wildly unpredictable UK reality series will be released at some point in 2022. Meanwhile, Life After Life will begin on Tuesday night, with all four episodes available to stream shortly after the first broadcast. Life After Life premieres Tuesday, April 19 at 9pm on BBC Two and will be available to stream on BBC iPlayer.