Piers Morgan and economist Stephanie Flanders sat down with Sophie Raworth to help break down the morning's newspaper headlines, and discuss Partygate and what had unfolded in Parliament this week. Just before Piers said goodbye, Sophie shared some brutal advice ahead of Talk TV show premiering tomorrow. The trio of journalists and broadcasters wrapped up their discussion, with Piers having already referred to Boris Johnson as a "slippery eel", but in true Piers style, he had to get the last word in. Sophie said: "Piers Morgan, Stephanie Flanders, thank you so much..." Piers chimed in before she could finish her sentence: "Don't forget tomorrow night 8 pm." Standing her ground, the host put the guest in his place. Read More: ‘I switched off!’ BBC backlash as viewers blast Ros Atkins show ‘Not what we expect’ Sophie added: "Hang on a minute. I was about to", and again the 57-year-old jumped in: "You weren't going to do it!" Finishing her sentence, she continued: "I was about to say good luck with your new venture." Referring to Piers' infamous Good Morning Britain exit, Sophie concluded: "Uncensored and didn't storm off this time!" Referring to his first guest on the show, former President of the United States Donald Trump, he joked: "It's actually Trump that does that." Sophie also laughed at the idea of the star leaving his own show, describing: "There will be nobody left to present it, it will be an empty chair." Piers' new primetime show, called Uncensored, will give the outspoken star free reign when it comes to what he says and who he invites onto the show. BBC Breakfast viewers took to social media to share their thoughts on the guest. View @TheDogFather96 tweeted: "I thought Piers Morgan was crying about being cancelled... that lasted long, so much for being a victim of cancel culture. #SundayMorning." DON’T MISS…Owain Wyn Evans husband: Who is the BBC Breakfast star married to? [LATEST]Esther McVey in pop at Harry and Meghan ‘What happened to Netflix - lost 200k subscribers'[LATEST]Prince Charles ‘at end of tether’ with Harry and ‘was not happy’ about meeting with Queen [LATEST] Simon Alcock added: "That t**t Morgan on #SundayMorning." Maggie Georgeson wanted to change the channel, warning: "If BBC continue to bring Piers Morgan onto their Sunday morning programme then I will continue watching #Ridge instead of BBC. "His treatment of Meghan Markle is bordering on stalking and I don't understand why the BBC want to promote him. #SundayMorning" (sic) However, many onlookers took to social media to share their support. Gemma Widdowfield was delighted to see him back on morning television and said: "SO good to see @piersmorgan on the telly again! "His unapologetic, unbiased and honest opinions are exactly what we need to see, rather than one sided and embarrassing attempts by many other presenters, to hold politicians to account. #SundayMorning #ToriesOut #GemForMidBeds." (sic) @Mikeh60882356 asked: "#SundayMorning Why hasn't Piers Morgan been given a knighthood he speaks his mind not afraid to ask difficult questions nobody like him bloke is tv gold." (sic) A preview clip showing his interview with former US President Donald Trump looks to be an explosive first episode. Talk TV launches at 7pm on Monday, April 25, with Piers Morgan Uncensored airing at 8pm.