Royal Mail’s latest special edition stamps feature 10 drawings of migratory birds by Irish ornithologist Killian Mullarney, one of Europe’s best-known bird artists, whose work has been featured in the Collins Bird Guide and on stamps previously issued in the Republic of Ireland. The stamps pay homage to an array of birds that arrive in the UK from overseas. These include seabirds, such as the Arctic Skua and Arctic tern, as well as a rare bird of prey, Montagu's harrier. The stamps also feature the stone-curlew, swallow, swift, turtle dove and yellow wagtail. However the specially issued stamps will only be available for a short time, so Britons will have to act fast if they want to pick up a stamp book. Stamps will be available until April 7, 2022. READ MORE: Star sign: Best dog for each star sign - 'perfect' compatibility Royal Mail is offering a personalised stamp souvenir offered with your choice of postmark. All ten stamps are presented on an envelope personalised with the name, address and postmark of your choice. According to Royal Mail: "All First Day Covers have the option of two new postmarks. The Tallents House postmark features an image of a Nightjar alongside Tallents House as the location and issue date. "The alternative postmark features a flock of birds, alongside Swallownest, Sheffield, as the location and the issue date." DON'T MISSKate uses 'connection before correction' when telling Charlotte off [INSIGHT]‘Continuous delays!’ Royal Mail warns of fresh postal delays [COMMENT]Stamp prices increase TODAY - how much they'll cost you [EXPLAINER] The time-limited stamp book also includes an information card with finer details about the stamps. This can be purchased from the Royal Mail website for £12.05. Royal Mail is also offering a Migratory Birds Presentation Pack on its website for £10.40. Written by Professor Richard Gregory, this double-sided collectable will explore some of the reasons behind bird migration. Do you collect stamps? Join the conversation in the comments section below The collectable includes key facts about bird statuses and migration patterns, as well as all 10 stamps from the Migratory Birds issue. David Gold, of Royal Mail, said: “The migratory journeys of the birds featured on these stamps are truly amazing. "Their annual travels have fascinated and baffled naturalists for centuries. “It is only now that we are beginning to understand what drives and maintains this amazing, high-risk–high-reward behaviour. "We hope that these stamps ignite a new interest in this remarkable phenomenon.”