With savers being hit with rising inflation and energy bills, banks are failing to assist their own customers during one of the biggest drops in living standards since the 1950s, according to the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR). Financial experts are calling the country’s banks out for failing to help households when many are at their most economically vulnerable. Currently, inflation has hit a 30-year high of 6.2 percent and energy bills are going to go up by around £693 this year. Last month, the base interest rate was increased to 0.75 percent by the Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC). This particular rate determines the interest rate the financial institution pays to commercial banks. Since December, the Bank of England has raised the base rate three times to address the issue of soaring inflation, which is impacting the overall cost of living crisis. Recent analysis suggests that if the bank had implemented a 0.65 percent hike in December, savers would have acquired an extra £5.88billion annually in interest. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  Last month, high street banks were paying an average interest rate of 0.25 percent to their customers. If these same banks had introduced a similar 0.65 percent rise in December, savers with £10,430 in their accounts would have gained an extra £62.58 a year. Laura Suter, AJ Bell's head of personal finance, explained: “While banks are very quick to pass on any base rate increases to their mortgage customers, savers have to wait longer and many won’t see any increase at all. “Lots of people’s savings are just sitting in their current account or old savings account, earning 0.01 percent.  “And these people likely won’t see an increase in the interest rate they’re being paid, instead banks will pocket the difference to boost their profits.” Despite this, the personal finance expert believes rates will “improve” in the near future to the benefit of savers. She added: “We’ve already seen an uplift based on the past two interest rate rises, with the top easy-access savings account paying 0.65 percent ahead of the December rate increase and now the top rate is one percent. “It means that savers can finally get a bit more money on their cash, but they’ll need to put in some legwork to get there. “However, even with that increase to one percent, savers are still losing a large amount in real terms thanks to rising inflation. “Inflation is now expected to rise to eight percent next month, which means that with a savings rate of one percent savers are making a seven percent loss on their money’s spending power. “In reality, that means someone with £20,000 of savings is losing £1,400 a year in real terms. At a lower sum of £5,000 savers are losing £350 by sticking with an easy-access cash account.” Speaking to The Telegraph, Sarah Coles, a personal finance analyst for Hargreaves Lansdown, said: “The high street banks don’t need our money, and they’re not afraid to offer us derisory rates in order to put us off. "They’ve used rate rises as a way to boost their profits, and left savers in their easy access accounts languishing on 0.01 per cent. "We’ll miss out on billions of pounds of interest because the banks are choosing to keep all the benefits of a rate rise to themselves.”