The former Brexit minister, who negotiated Britain’s departure from the EU, has used a speech to call on Boris Johnson to unilaterally ditch the controversial Northern Ireland protocol and put UK interests first. It comes after revelations that Boris Johnson plans new legislation to end the protocol. Speaking at a Policy Exchange event, Lord Frost said: “Our relations with the EU cannot endlessly be bound up with Northern Ireland. “The inability to reach a durable Protocol settlement means that a huge, indeed an unbearable, amount of weight has been put on Northern Ireland's fragile politics as a result.” He said that the Prime Minister should use the Article 16 provision to suspend the controversial protocol as he warned that the Belfast Agreement which maintains peace in the province is “on life support.” He pointed out that the Northern Ireland Protocol was “designed to be temporary” and can be ditched with a vote in Ulster in 2024. With elections to the Northern Ireland Stormont Assembly expected to make Sinn Fein the biggest party, he added: “Those politics may now be reaching breaking point and making the current arrangements unworkable. “It is time to put our own interests first - the integrity of the UK first - the British people first.  I hope that the Government will do so.” After months of frustrating negotiations with Brussels over changing the Protocol before he resigned he suggested that a refusal to touch it was part of a wider plot. He said: “Of course the EU can, if they wish, say "what we have, we hold" - even though even now the Protocol is not being fully implemented. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Spain Italy France and Greece may copy Portugal “But it is not obvious why it is in their interests to be significantly responsible for the destruction of the Belfast Good Friday Agreement - unless, of course, they define their interests differently - as maintaining leverage over the UK, causing us political difficulties, and creating incentives to keep us closely aligned with the EU. “That would certainly explain their behaviour - and is a reason why we cannot wait for ever in the hope of improving the Protocol by consent.” He added: “We have surely learned from the last few years that we cannot rely on the help of the EU in Northern Ireland. “I do not think they are operating in bad faith.  But I do believe they see their own interests as coming first - reasonably enough. DON'T MISS Britain’s lack of control over borders is ‘real Brexit betrayal’ [REACTION] Commons horror as Tory MP accused of watching PORN in the Chamber [REVEAL] PMQs: Even when Starmer gets it right he gets it wrong says PAUL BA... [INSIGHT] “We should do the same and we have every right to do so, as we are the Government for the whole of the UK, including Northern Ireland, and responsible for the security and prosperity of all its people.” But he said that he believed that the political problems at home during the original Brexit talks were a means of the EU and its supporters in the British political elite to reverse the Brexit referendum. He said: “In my opinion they [the EU] were hoping that political developments would see Brexit reversed, particularly after the Supreme Court's prorogation ruling [in 2019].” On Remainers, he added: “It was clear that a substantial proportion of the political class, in all parties, wanted to find a way of reversing the referendum result - which would have had, in our view, a devastating impact on faith in democracy itself.”