Cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, gained popularity after sharing ingenious cleaning tips and recommendations online and on TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.4 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips, one of which includes how to remove burn marks from the bottom of pots and pans. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips and tricks, one woman asked for advice on cleaning her burnt ridden frying pan. Rachel Hooper wrote: “What can I use to get the bottom of my pans clean please?” Pots and pans are one of the most used kitchen utensils, especially for culinary enthusiasts. However, over time they can fall victim to a build-up of stains - and in particular, burn marks. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to unblock drains using hair removal cream While using a scourer is one way to get rid of marks, this can leave pots and pans in a sorry state. Too much pressure can result in scratches, making the pans look unsightly. Fortunately, many Mrs Hinch fans took to the comments section to share their top tips. The most popular comment was to use Pink Stuff paste to remove the burnt stains. DON'T MISS:Weeding: How to create an ‘affordable’ weed killer in seconds [TIPS]Laundry: How to ‘correctly’ load washing machines for ‘better results’ [EXPERT]Laundry: How to fix ‘stiff’ and ‘crunchy’ towels [INSIGHT] Tina Toogood said: “I used the Pink Stuff paste on mine and scrubbed it gently.” Denise Figg commented: “I used Pink Stuff paste. It’s amazing. I didn’t know about the Pink Stuff paste before joining this group. It’s heaven sent.” Brandon Miller suggested: “Pink Stuff paste makes cleaning your pans so much easier.” Ella Reed wrote: “I always use Pink Stuff paste on my burnt pans, it even works on cleaning inside ovens.” Julie Ward advised: “If you’re looking for an easy way to clean your burnt pans, use Pink stuff paste. “Apply it to the burnt areas, leave it for five to 10 minutes then lightly scrub and the marks will be gone in no time.” Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested pairing the Pink Stuff paste with tin foil to give it “extra cleaning power”. Emma Fayne said: “The Pink Stuff paste and tin foil scrunched up works great. The tin foil gives the paste extra cleaning power.” Sue Hall commented: “I’ve got the exact came pans. Pink Stuff paste and foil brought them back to silver again.” Pink Stuff paste is a tough cleaning paste that is gentle on surfaces but tough on stains. This makes it perfect to use on stubborn burnt pots and pans as an easy method. The paste can be purchased form Ocado for £1 and Sainsbury’s for £1.65.