After the last Easter bank holiday weekend saw temperatures rise as high as 19C in some areas, temperatures are now predicted to drop to as low as freezing next week. Temperatures are due to sink to 4C in London, with areas across northern England, Scotland, and Belfast facing weather as cold as freezing. According to the Met Office, if the mercury sinks below 1.8C at Heathrow, it will be the coldest May since 1997. Although conditions are due to remain fairly dry across the UK over the bank holiday, arctic winds dragged in from the North Sea will bring in the stark temperature drop, with colder mornings and late-season frost. Former Met Office meteorologist John Hammond said: "The mercury will go into reverse, with a cooler trend to end April. “Fresh waves of Arctic air mean a good chance, even across southern Britain, of temperatures falling close to or below freezing." READ MORE: UK weather forecast: -7C Arctic chill freezes Britain   Mr Hammond added: "One or two wintry showers are not ruled out later in the week, most likely on higher ground in the North." The Met Office has forecast overnight frosts this week, particularly settling in more rural areas from Wednesday as the weather "turns milder into weekend". Met Office meteorologist Luke Miall said: “High pressure starts to drift towards the north of the UK this weekend allowing lower pressure to develop in the south of the UK. “This means we start to see an easterly feed to our winds and with this, it will turn cooler over the next few days.”  He added: “We will continue to see easterly winds dragging in the winds from the North Sea and this will peg back temperatures through the rest of this month. “It will start to feel that little bit colder particularly if you are on the eastern side of the UK where we will see those cooler winds coming in from the North Sea.” The easterly breeze will be a big feature of this weekend’s weather, but don’t be deceived by the 15-16C predicted highs, as the cloud will bring more of a chill.  DON'T MISS: How to keep your plants watered while you're on holiday [EXPLAINED]Cold weather forecast: Britain braced for nationwide ARCTIC freeze [ANALYSIS]‘Incredibly exotic’ plants which can survive UK weather - plant now [INSIGHT]    The Met Office’s Greg Dewhurst said: “Looking at the pressure pattern for Saturday, low pressure sat to the south of the UK high pressure sat to the north will bring a brisk easterly flow across the whole of the UK.” He added: “The noticeable feature will be the wind on Saturday gusting at 25 to 30mph coming in off the North Sea. “In the best of the sunshine, we expect highs of 15 or 16C, but under the cloud, you might need another layer handy as it will feel chillier than of late.” As the week progresses, northern and more central areas of the country are due to face more unsettled weather, with spells of rain and cooler air, whereas the more southern regions are predicted to remain more settled throughout. 