 The cruise ship singer and former Loose Women panellist is known for wearing her heart on her sleeve. In the latest episode of her Channel 5 mini-series, the Yorkshire-born star was left wiping away her tears watching a couple renew their vows when she visited the Caribbean island of St Lucia. Jane wanted to "hold it together" but her emotions quickly took over.   Last year, Jane lost her partner of 13 years Eddie Rothe and she candidly opened up on how some holidaying couples can sometimes trigger her. While on the island, Jane met two lovers who were renewing their wedding vows and she was asked to read at their ceremony. She began: "[I have been] asked to take part in the ceremony so I really need to hold it together." As she watched the loved up couple unite by the sea she started welling up and as she wiped away her tears, she said: "I'm off already, I am useless." READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show   The 59-year-old star admitted: "I never go to weddings because I am always crying." The couple, who tied the knot 17 years ago, both renewed their vows as Jane watched on while trying to compose herself. Sharing an insight into her own life, she said: "I am a bit of a romantic and nosy because I got married in the Caribbean, the wedding was lovely, did not work out but aye." Jane, who is no stranger to travelling and hosting documentaries, explained she wanted to visit St Lucia to connect with her "mind and body".  In another candid moment when she reflected on losing her partner, she told viewers: "A lot of you know that my life has changed now." Composing herself, she continued: "I'm single, and I chose this place because I didn't want to be on a romantic island, on my own, looking at couples everywhere. "So this place is very open to singles coming here as well as couples." She went on to explain how many activities the island offers for singletons and groups of friends as well as couples. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald makes change to trip to avoid heartache [LATEST]Jane McDonald falls into the sea while paddleboarding [PICTURES]Jane McDonald flashes underwear on Channel 5 show [UPDATE] "So it's really up to you if you have a quiet holiday or a full active holiday," she added. Jane's fiancé Eddie died last year following a battle with lung cancer at the age of 67. Eddie was best known for being the drummer in the band Liquid Gold and later The Searchers. In recent months, Jane told the current Loose Women panellists she has been on a “dark path” following his tragic death.    As she continues to try and move forward with her life, Jane met up with a group of female travellers on the latest instalment of her Channel 5 show. She experienced a relaxing mud bath which was meant to help "re-centre" her. Bonding with the other women, a more optimistic Jane said: "Life is all about making memories with friends... and putting mud all over yourself." Holidaying with Jane McDonald: The Caribbean continues Sundays 9pm on Channel 5.  