The eyes are the window to the soul and are also strong indicators relating to health. A number of symptoms and changes may occur indicating something may not be quite right. There are many kinds of autoimmune diseases that can impact your vision. “In many cases, problems with the eyes are among the first symptoms of autoimmune conditions,” said Broberg Eye Care. The site added: “Early on, patients may experience red eyes, itchy eyes, or frequent dry eye. If the condition is undiagnosed or untreated, it’s possible for patients to experience eye pain, light sensitivity, changes to vision quality, and even vision loss.” Neuromyelitis optica is an autoimmune disorder that affects the nerves of the eyes and the central nervous system, which includes the brain and spinal cord. Autoimmune disorders occur when the immune system malfunctions and attacks the body's own tissues and organs. Uveitis is another autoimmune disorder that directly affects the pigmented cells of the iris in the eye, and sometimes the middle layers of the eye as well. It causes inflammation, which can lead to blurred vision, “floaters,” and redness of the eye. Rosacea is a skin condition that leads to redness of the face. When the rosacea is located around the eyes, it can result in dry eye, itchy eyes, burning sensation around the eyes, and redness of the eyes. The condition can also result in swelling of the eyelids and increased sensitivity to light. When a person’s eyes look yellow, that's known as jaundice. It often means you have liver problems and is caused by high levels of bilirubin, something your liver makes more of when it's inflamed or damaged. Cirrhosis is when the liver is severely scarred, which can result in life-threatening liver failure and liver cancer. Diabetes can lead to swelling in the macula, which is called diabetic macular oedema. Over time, this disease can destroy the sharp vision in this part of the eye, leading to partial vision loss or blindness. Macular oedema usually develops in people who already have other signs of diabetic retinopathy.