Haas boss Guenther Steiner fears some Grand Prix events may be thrown into jeopardy due to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The Italian is worried the conflict could disrupt the delivery of freight at race circuits. Within the last five months, Steiner’s team have been affected by freight delays. The first occasion was at last November’s Brazilian Grand Prix, when Haas’ engines went “missing” en route from the previous race in Mexico. During pre-season testing in Bahrain last month, an issue for Haas that caused the team to miss the first morning’s running – with drivers Kevin Magnussen and Mick Schumacher eventually granted extra track time at the end of sessions to make up for it. The 57-year-old believes the sanctions placed on Russian companies following the war in Ukraine will impact planes delivering any equipment from the country. “I think F1 takes it seriously, but it’s one of those scenarios you cannot really control,” Steiner said. “We all know it’s difficult now, especially with the invasion of Ukraine. I think there’s a lot of cargo planes out of service now because of the sanctions to Russian companies, because they were running or flying a lot of the cargo planes. JUST IN: George Russell explains reason behind Mercedes' refusal to make upgrades like Red Bull   “So it’s not getting any easier. And also the ships, we now know there are difficulties there. But it’s one of those things that are just out of [your] control. As long as you don’t get your own planes, you are always counting on other people to help you out. “Hopefully we can get through it and put a lot of effort in. I think in the moment, nobody has a guarantee of anything getting to the right place at the right time.” The Haas team principal is is also worried about the rising costs of transporting freight, which may factor into the F1 budget cap in the future. “It’s going up, and every time we speak about it, it’s getting higher,” he added. “At some stage we need to get into real numbers, and obviously these things you just have to manage as they come along. “You just have to deal with it and then see how you can navigate to get to the end of the season with the budget intact and where you want it to be.” Haas have been arguably the surprise package of the season so far, as they currently sit fifth in the constructors standings with 12 points. This is already a vast improvement on their 2021 campaign, where the team failed to register a single point. Their new-look lineup of Valtteri Bottas and F1 rookie Zhou Guanyu have got the team off to a dream start in 2022. 