Kate Middleton has been seen for the first time since Meghan Markle and Prince Harry were at the Invictus Games. She joined Prince William to visit the headquarters of the Disasters Emergency Committee to meet with aid workers  who have returned from Ukraine. The Duchess of Cambridge wore a beige blazer, and a similar tone thin-knit top, with black trousers and heels. The blazer is not a new item in Kate’s wardrobe. She was last seen wearing it in September when visiting RAF Brize Norton in Oxfordshire. The jacket is known as the Larsson blazer and it is made by the British brand Reiss. The beautifully tailored blazer features a double-breasted design with wide peak lapels. It’s made from a wool-blend fabric with a pronounced twill weave. The blazer is still available to buy from Reiss direct, for £288. It also comes in two other colours; camel and navy. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Harry apologise for Queen comments in US interview? As for the heels, it is believed Kate is re-wearing Jimmy Choo’s Love pumps. They are patent black leather, with a four-inch stiletto heel and pointed toe. The shoes are available at Farfetch and priced at £550. Kate kept her jewellery simple; opting for a pair of drop earrings. These are also a re-wear for the Duchess. DON'T MISS...'Cheeky Harry's clearly missing!’ Prince 'serious’ in new interview [BODY LANGUAGE]Mark Labbett on 10st weight loss - ‘Smallest I’ve been in 30yrs’ [PICTURES]Tomatoes: Monty Don on how to 'maximise quantity' of tomato harvest [VIDEO] They by designer Kiki McDonough and are the Citrine drop earrings. The earring’s description reads: “A simple and extremely wearable style, these earrings feature a pear drop Citrine set in 18ct Yellow Gold. “Perfect for adding a touch of colour.” They are currently available to buy direct from Kiki.co.uk for £550. They are a popular piece with the Duchess, who has been wearing the yellow gemstones since at least 2009. Over the last decade she has worn them frequently. Kate's trousers and top are by unknown designers. But her trousers are said to be black or navy. Kate also wore a Ukraine flag pin badge on her lapel. Kate and William also learnt about the DEC's ongoing appeal to support people affected by the conflict in the eastern European country. The appeal has raised more than £280million, including £25million matched by the Government, with donations from companies, trusts, arts institutions, community groups, schools and individuals. William and Kate also spoke on a video call with those on the ground in Ukraine to learn more about the work the funds are helping to support and the human impact of the conflict. This isn’t the first time the royal couple have showed support and solitarity for Ukraine and its citizens. Last month, the Duke and Duchess visited the Ukrainian Cultural Centre in London to learn about the efforts being made to support Ukrainians in the UK and across Europe. Kate took homemade brownies and granola bars as a small token of her appreciation for the volunteers.