James Waters, 28, and his father Robin, 65, got the idea for their staycation holiday let in 2016 when the pair stumbled across an old railway carriage. They immediately saw the potential for a unique holiday let in the carriage. The entrepreneurial pair enlisted the help of local plumbers, electricians and painters to bring the carriage into the 21st century. They completed the project during lockdown when James,a deputy environmental manager and antiques dealer, was on furlough. James and Robin finally opened The Carriage to holidaymakers in the summer of 2020 and saw back to back bookings in 2021. James told Express.co.uk: “Renovating The Carriage was a real passion project for my father and I in 2020. READ MORE: The surprising laws British tourists should watch out for in Spain “Since opening we’ve constantly received great feedback from our visitors who have come from all over the UK.” The Carriage was completely refurbished with re-panelling and roofing and air conditioning and heating installed. However, the father and son duo felt it was essential to preserve its original charm and character. An exciting staycation let, The Carriage remains on its wheels and track and is around 400 square feet. James and Robin managed to generate an incredible £12,000 from their holiday let and already have 30 weeks of bookings for 2022. James added: “The process was challenging at times, but it has all been completely worth it to meet guests from different walks of life. “From train enthusiasts to couples looking for something unique, I love getting to know those who come to stay and the whole experience has been really rewarding.” The pair worked with Sykes Cottages to rent out their unique carriage and handle the advertising. James told Express.co.uk: “Working with the team at Sykes has taken the stress out of managing the property as they handle the entire booking process and all advertising. “That means I can focus on maintaining the property, hosting our guests and saving more pieces of railway rolling stock.” He also has more plans in motion, saying: “We are currently reviving and working on an LMS Brake Wagon and Large Freight Box for use as another holiday let. “By doing this we are saving pieces that may have otherwise been scrapped and lost forever.” Thinking about opening a holiday let for extra income? Sykes Cottages shared a top tip with Express.co.uk. The team said: “After 18 months of on and off restrictions forcing Brits to stay inside, it’s little surprise that holiday homes with gardens earn 15 percent more than those without. “Whether a property has a garden is something city dwellers, families and holidaymakers with pets are particularly likely to look out for. “To make sure your garden is holidaymaker ready you might even consider investing in professional help to keep it looking its best all year-round.” The Carriage is available to book on Sykes Holiday Cottages.