Pension saving is considered key for retirement, but comes with a strict set of rules. If breached, there are likely to be consequences, usually relating to hefty taxes. This is the case for the Lifetime Allowance - which is a limit on how much a person can build up in pension benefits while still enjoying full tax benefits. Currently, the Lifetime Allowance is set at £1,073,100, but will be frozen until 2025/26. In the Spring Budget last year, Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced the plans to freeze the allowance. If a person exceeds the Lifetime Allowance they may be subject to a 55 percent tax bill. READ MORE: State pension to rise in two weeks - but 500,000 may miss out   However, more people are likely to do so due to the frozen allowance and rising investment values, it has been warned. While the Lifetime Allowance may seem like a significant sum to breach, experts have said it could be easier than perhaps thought. Steven Cameron, pensions director at Aegon, explained: “For someone aged 65, it will buy an income of around £29,600 a year increasing in line with inflation before tax. “After basic rate tax, this equates to a monthly income of £2,180. DON'T MISSState pension: Six increases will take place from next month [UPDATE]Man, 77, furious at his state pension being frozen for 12 years [VIDEO]State pension payment date change takes place in two weeks [INSIGHT] “Many of those affected by this change have simply been doing the right thing, saving regularly over many years. “Or they have benefited from good investment growth in their defined contribution pension. “In the current climate of rampant inflation, continuing to freeze the amount that can be saved into a pension without incurring a tax charge will have an adverse impact on an increasing number of people.” The Lifetime Allowance is tested every time a person chooses to access their pension. It will also be tested on a person’s 75th birthday, whether they are taking any pension benefits or not. The value of the total amount is what is tested, not just the lump sum or income amount paid to an individual. When a test takes place at 75, it will consider the value of any untouched pensions or pensions which were previously moved into drawdown. An HM Treasury spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk: “Maintaining the lifetime allowance at its current level allows savers to continue to make significant amounts of pension savings tax-free. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Overall, 92 percent of individuals currently approaching retirement have a pension pot worth less than the lifetime allowance, so will not face a lifetime allowance charge. “The median pension pot for individuals approaching retirement is around £150,000.”