The legislation, given royal assent last week prohibits commercial organ tourism to China, as well as other countries. The news comes as a Chinese surgeon Dr Enver Tothi, 58, who fled the country told of being forced to cut out the kidneys and liver of an executed prisoner. While the sale and trafficking of organs is illegal in the UK, until now there has been no law preventing British patients travelling to other countries for transplant surgery. Health Minister Edward Argar said the new rule, along with the government’s commitment to work with the NHS Blood and Transplant to make patients more aware of the “legal health, and ethical ramifications of purchasing an organ” would “send an unambiguous signal that complicity in the abuses associated with the overseas organ trade will not be tolerated.” The new legislation follows a report released last week (Wednesday 27 April) by the (must keep mention) international human rights law firm Global Rights Compliance which highlighted the scale of the illegal international organ trade. Its report: “Do No Harm: Mitigating Human Rights Risks When Interacting with International Medical Professionals and Institutions in Transplantation Medicine,” outlines the legal risks of collaborating with transplantation professionals in countries where high levels of organ trafficking and unethical organ transplantation are reportedly taking place, such as China, India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Lebanon and Egypt. The report highlights China as a worst-case scenario, revealing evidence of a state-backed organ harvesting programme with a market value of almost 800 million a year. Wayne Jordash QC, Managing Partner, Global Rights Compliance said: “Unfortunately the transplantation community can be complicit in unethical organ transplantation practices, often unknowingly. The medical community must join in the global effort to stamp out all types of unethical organ sourcing. Together, this trade in human misery must be stopped.” Global Rights Compliance assessed a wide range of evidence which includes the Independent China Tribunal in June 2019 which concluded China is a “criminal state” which, “beyond reasonable doubt” has committed crimes against humanity, acts of torture, and that enemies of the state continue to be medically tested and killed for their organs. The tribunal Into “Forced Organ Harvesting of Prisoners of Conscience in China”, heard evidence from medical experts, human rights investigators and alleged victims over a six-month period. In 2015, Beijing had pledged to stop using executed inmates as a source of organ transplants. However the Tribunal said it is "satisfied that [the practice] is continuing". Followers of Falun Gong, a religious spiritual practice, were "certainly" among those used as a source for "forced organ harvesting" in recent decades - and there was a "risk" that Uighur Muslims have suffered similar treatment, the Tribunal found. Victims have allegedly had their bodies cut open - some while still alive - for their kidneys, livers, hearts, lungs, cornea and skin to be removed and turned into commodities for sale. Other evidence examined by Global Rights Compliance includes joint correspondence issued to the Chinese government by 12 UN Special Rapporteurs and human rights experts in late 2021, who reviewed credible information that forced organ harvesting “targets a number of ethnic religious or linguistic minorities, such as Falun Gong practitioners, Uyghurs, Tibetans, Muslims and Christians held in detention in different locations.” Dr Enver Tothi became involved in the illegal organ trade in China in 1995. He had been working as a cancer surgeon in Urumqui, northwest China, when his chief surgeon asked him if he “wanted to do something wild.” Unaware of what was involved he agreed to meet the following morning outside his hospital with a van, two theatre nurses, two assistants and two anaesthetists. He was driven to the Western Mountain Execution Grounds where he heard a round of rifle shots. As he was taken to the execution area he saw “more than 10” lying people on the mountain side in prisoner uniforms. All had been shorn and shot through the back of the head. He was told by a police officer “that one is yours” and was ordered to “cut deep and work fast” on another victim in civilian clothes who he claimed had not been anaesthetised and who had been shot in the chest. “I started cutting down the middle and then he started struggling and I knew then that he was still alive,” the father-of-three said, “but he was too weak to resist me.” “I saw there was blood coming out of the cut which means the heart was still pumping,” he added. He was ordered to remove the liver and both kidneys, sew the body back up, and “remember that today nothing happened”. Dr Tothi, who now works as an Uber driver in London, said he “felt like a robot” when he was doing the work. Since he has suffered flashbacks and nightmares following the incident and dedicates his life to campaigning for awareness of the practice.