Today, April 21, marked Her Majesty’s 96th birthday, with her Platinum Jubilee taking place over the first weekend of June. On Wednesday, April 20, Harry said he visited to make sure the Queen is “protected and got the right people around her” in an interview. In the interview with NBC, Harry admitted he doesn't know if he'll return for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. However, speaking of his meeting with his grandmother, the Duke said: “It was great. It was really nice to see her in some element of privacy. Being with her it was great, it was just so nice to see her, she's on great form. “She's always got a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure that she's protected and got the right people around her. “Both Meghan and I had tea with her, so it was really nice to catch up with her. “We have a really special relationship, we talk about things that she can't talk about with anybody else.” According to the Daily Mail, Harry's decision to step down from royal duties, and to carry out interviews with accusations against his family, caused the Queen “great heartache”. A royal source has now told the outlet of a sense of shock at his “breathtaking arrogance”, and also made clear that many felt Harry's delusion knew “no bounds”. He said: “It is the Queen's birthday and despite a difficult year people are working full steam ahead on making her Platinum Jubilee an event to remember that properly honours such a remarkable woman. She just doesn't deserve this. “I have no idea what intention he may or may not have had in saying this, but Harry needs to start thinking before he opens his mouth.” READ MORE: Royal LIVE: 'Divide and rule' Palace backlash at Harry's US interview Stephen Glover also wrote for the outlet and took issue with Harry’s claim he wanted to make sure Her Majesty was “protected”. He said: “Generous souls may say the Prince was simply expressing concern for her welfare, as she has not been in the best of health recently. “But the 12-word utterance — 'just making sure she's protected and got the right people around her' — implies that those looking after her could be doing a better job. “It is a preposterous thing to say. While Harry and his wife Meghan have been more than 5,000 miles away in California, courtiers have been working around the clock to care for the Queen, and members of her family have been visiting her. “Harry's raising the possibility that she mightn't have been properly looked after was an insult. Courtiers aside, several members of the Queen's family will feel put out. “Foremost among them may be Prince Charles and Prince William.” DON'T MISS Royal POLL: Would you welcome Harry and Meghan back to live in the UK One dead and one airlifted to hospital after Manchester stabbing Tory grandee 'expects' MPs to pass Boris partygate investigation Lorraine Kelly, host of ITV’s Lorraine, has also questioned the Duke’s comments, as a royal expert said it may be “best not to do interviews”. Speaking on Thursday, she said: “We're just not quite sure about that so we're going to be talking to some experts today to find out what exactly he was on about, what was he talking about?" Royal expert Russel Myers agreed with Lorraine when she stated the interview was "out of the blue" and added: "This is fresh from Harry's meeting with the Queen and the Prince of Wales which came out of the blue as well.” He then said: “It’s all unravelled a bit. May be best not to do the interviews, perhaps, I think. Or put the focus back on the sportsmen and women.” It comes after Robert Jobson, who co-wrote the book Diana: Closely Guarded Secret, claimed the Charles only agreed to meeting Harry on the condition that “nothing would be said of him whatsoever” on TV. The royal correspondent told GB News: “Prince Charles has reached the end of his tether, they haven't been in contact and had they have started blurting about that meeting, that would have been the end of it.” He said Harry turned up late for the meeting, adding: “All families have problems, but you don't go blurting off to your next door neighbour as soon as you've had a meeting. “Prince Charles thought if these conversations are out in public then I'm not putting up with it and he's drinking at the last chance saloon.”