The homeowners are "emotionally distressed" at proposals to change the use of a four-bedroom house in Blurton, Stoke-on-Trent, into the care facility for young people. They believe it'll cause parking chaos as the cul-de-sac is small and narrow, and ambulances often require access to pensioners' homes along it. Twenty-three objections have been lodged against the scheme, Stoke-on-Trent Live reports. Stoke-on-Trent City Council's planning committee will make the final decision at a meeting this Friday. Leslie Furnival, who lives on the cul-de-sac, said: "We have spoken to many of our neighbours and this is already causing a lot of anxiety for them and also to myself and my wife. "We find this very emotionally distressing. Of course we want these children to have a home and to be safe, but our street is not the right place to locate this home." Stephanie Hopkins' house backs onto the property in question. She said: "A quiet residential street, with a number of elderly residents and younger children, is not the right environment for a children’s home, with children with complex needs." The Ofsted-registered children’s home would cater for up to three young people, aged between eight and 18, who would be supported by carers round-the-clock. Some of the children could have emotional problems or mild learning difficulties. There are currently round 1,000 children in the city who require residential care. But Tory Councillor Shaun Bennett, who represents the Hollybush area where the development is earmarked, submitted a letter opposing the application. "This is a small cul-de-sac with poor access. It is also very narrow and only allows one care to enter or exit at a time due to parked cars," he wrote. He fears ambulances visiting elderly residents could struggle to gain access with more vehicles parked there. Other issues include possible anti-social behaviour, particularly as there is a "three-way alleyway" nearby. Mr Bennett said there are existing children’s homes within five minutes of the proposed site. A report drawn up for the planning committee says the children’s home would "replicate the setting of a typical family dwelling". It would also address the shortage of provision for children's services in Stoke-on-Trent. 