York City Council voted unanimously to remove Prince Andrew’s status as Freeman of the City in a meeting held on Wednesday, April 27. Councillors also called for Andrew to lose his Duke of York title and end his connection with the city altogether. The Freedom of the City status is awarded to outstanding members of the community, visiting celebrities or dignitaries and, while considered an honour, does not grant special privileges. Following the decision, Liberal Democrat councillor Darryl Smalley said: “The removal of this honorary title sends the right message that we as a city stand with victims of abuse.” He added: “The next logical step is now for Prince Andrew to do the right thing and relinquish his Duke of York title. “If he fails to do so, the Government and Buckingham Palace must step in to remove his title to finally end Prince Andrew's connection to York.” As a result, Express.co.uk asked readers thoughts on whether Andrew should have his Duke of York title removed. In a poll that ran from 10am on Thursday, April 28, to 11am on Friday, April 29, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Prince Andrew be stripped of York dukedom after losing Freedom of City?” A total of 2,015 people cast their votes with the vast majority of respondents – 85 percent (1,718 people) – saying “yes”, Andrew should be stripped of his York dukedom after losing Freedom of City. A further 15 percent (287 people) answered “no” and just 10 people said they did not know either way. Dozens of readers shared their thoughts on Andrew’s titles in the comments below the accompanying article. Many shared the opinion that Andrew should be stripped of his Duke of York title. Username KatMoi said: “York obviously doesn't want to be associated with him so yes he should be stripped of his title.” Username horsey horsey said: “Yes he should. His actions have caused him to become persona non grata. He should retire gracefully and completely out of view.” And username Rafar999 wrote: “The sooner he has no honours, or public role, the better for everyone.” Andrew stepped back from royal duties in 2019 and was stripped of his military affiliations, royal patronages and HRH status earlier this year. The Queen made this decision ahead of the potential civil trial between her second son and Virginia Giuffre, who claimed he sexually assaulted her three times in 2001. The Duke denied all the allegations and reached an out-of-court settlement with Ms Giuffre in February, with no admission of guilt. Some commenters thought that Andrew deserved to keep his title as Duke of York, which he was given as a wedding gift from the Queen in 1986. Username Lynette Wragge said: “Why should he be stripped of his Dukedom. He hasn’t been found guilty of anything.” Username TrumpWon said: “Andrew was never found guilty in a criminal court. Andrew should keep his titles.” DON'T MISS:Queen makes subtle nod to Kate and Prince William's wedding anniversary [UPDATE]'Not funny' Meghan ally Scobie forced to delete tweet mocking Prince Andrew and daughters [LATEST]Prince Harry opens up on candid conversation with Archie Harrison 'I wanted to tell him' [REPORT] Many readers said that Meghan Markle and Prince Harry should also lose their Duke and Duchess of Sussex titles. Username cristal1934 commented that, as Meghan and Harry kept their titles, “Prince Andrew should not lose any titles either”. Username Beehive wrote: “YES, and Harry and Meghan. Do all three at once – NOW.” And username Lynette Wragge also said: “The ones who should lose their titles are the Sussexes as they have caused much more damage and nothing gets done about it.”