Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher believes Cristiano Ronaldo would be a ‘problem’ for Erik ten Hag if the Ajax boss becomes the next Manchester United manager. Ronaldo dragged United back into top four contention by scoring a vital hat trick in United’s 3-2 victory over Norwich City. United's last two Premier League victories against the Canaries and Tottenham Hotspur have all been because of a Ronaldo hat trick. While his stunning return to the club in the summer transfer window has not quite gone according to plan, the former Real Madrid and Juventus ace has still managed to contribute 21 goals and three assists in all competition. Despite Ralf Rangnick’s side’s huge struggles, Ronaldo’s recent involvements has seen United move within three points of fourth position. Their victory against the Premier League’s bottom side moved them to within three points of Tottenham. Nevertheless, Ronaldo’s future at the club remains in doubt, particularly with Ten Hag reportedly set to take over the reins. The Dutchman reportedly gave the ‘green light’ to sell the 37-year-old, despite the fact he has scored more goals than Edinson Cavani, Jadon Sancho, and Marcus Rashford combined. And Carragher believes Ten Hag should consider selling Ronaldo if he is named as the next United boss. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "Where do you go right now if you're United and you've got a 37-year-old Ronaldo?” Carragher asked Roy Keane in a video for LADbible. “He's still got a year to go, a new manager is coming in and he's going to want to buy a centre-forward. “I think Ronaldo, for how great a professional he is and how great a player he is, I think he could be a problem. I've been disappointed with him this season. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten HagAntony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possibleMan Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players “Not with the goals, but it hasn't gone well for United, and I'd like him to be more of a leader. I'm not bothered if he gets the odd goal, his goal record is amazing, it's a legendary figure. “I just think sometimes, I look back at the Everton game, he was throwing his arm up at players, kicking the ball out at times, we all get frustrated, but I'd love to see him be that guy who lifts the younger players a little bit. I just think that's been lacking." Ronaldo will enter the final year of his contract at the end of the current campaign. However, United have also been linked with a move for Benfica striking sensation Darwin Nunez. The Uruguayan ace has been in frightening goalscoring form this season, contributing 33 goals and four assists in 38 appearances in all competitions. He also found the net home and away in Nelson Verissimo’s side’s Champions League quarter-final tie with Liverpool. While a huge exodus of players is expected to take place at Old Trafford, it is still unconfirmed as to whether Ronaldo will be one of those heading out of the exit door.