The Ultimatum is the latest dating experiment to land on Netflix fronted by Love Is Blind hosts Nick and Vanessa Lachey. After eight weeks of experimentation, the couples came back together for the reunion and a shock pregnancy announcement left viewers gobsmacked.  The Ultimatum was unlike any other dating existing experiment as the series began with six established couples. Each of them was approaching marriage, however, one person was more ready than the other to make the commitment. To test if they were truly ready to get married the couple would be split and paired with someone else throughout the experiment. This was done to see if they would decide they want to marry the person they came in with or move forward with another contestant. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait After eight weeks of surprise and jaw-dropping moments, the participants returned for the highly-anticipated reunion. During the episode, Colby and Madlyn revealed they had a huge surprise for the hosts Vanessa and Nick. Colby then dropped the bombshell and announced they were expecting their first child together. To which Vannessa remarked: “Can I just say this is our first Ultimatum baby?”  And Nick quipped: ”We’re taking credit for that.” This was great news for the couple who initially looked as though they were ready to chuck in the towel. Madlyn was the one who was ready to call it quits at the beginning of the experiment, even telling Colby: “The only thing scarier than losing you right now would be to marry you.” Though, Colby pushed Madlyn to her limits insisting he'd been texting with other women “for her” because of the ultimatum.  DON'T MISS...Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker 'should be replaced by Whoopi Goldberg' [INSIGHT] The Ultimatum: Are Jake and Rae still together? [INSIGHT]The Ultimatum's Zay Wilson storms out of reunion after Rae row [INSIGHT] Many fans were also shocked at the announcement and took to social media to share their reactions. Confused fan, @dididope tweeted: “MADLYN IS PREGNANT WITH COLBY? I THOUGHT HE HATED THAT MAN.” @askmi_ wrote: “Watching Madlyn say yes, get married and pregnant after talking completely smack and hating Colby all season GIRL WHAT.” @offto_saturn added: “Madlyn walking out 7 months pregnant???? my jaw dropped coz weren't u hating him for 9 episodes straight????”  Temi_W shared: “Madlyn pregnant???? Wow.. congratulations to them.” On Instagram, @j.marie821 commented: “Congratulations it's amazing to see you worked thru it all and welcome to motherhood beautiful!.” @Sabrina_nicoleee also praised the couple: “I’m literally obsessed!! I was rooting for you guys since day one & this makes me so happy!!!!” With the finale being the last episode of the season, thankfully fans will soon be able to see more of The Ultimatum as Netflix announced the show was renewed for a second season. The Ultimatum is available on Netflix. 