Wordle 287 is available for the next 24-hours, so you'd better get thinking if you want to solve the latest puzzle. The April 2 Wordle puzzle isn't the hardest, although judging by some of the responses on social media, some people are having problems with a couple of the letters. If you're struggling with Wordle 287 for April 2, then scroll down for a selection of spoiler-free hints to help you find the answer. Good luck, and here's hoping your streak remains intact for another day. If you already know how to play Wordle, then you can probably skip this part. If you're new to the game, this is how it works. Players are given six chances to figure out a different five-letter word each day. You'll need to use the process of elimination to solve the puzzle, which means paying attention to the colour of the tiles. For every guess, the letter tiles will show up in one of three colours. If the tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. If you really want a challenge, Wordle features a hard mode, which bans players from guessing letters that have already been ruled out. It's risky, however, because if you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the next day for a new Wordle to be released. Read on for the Wordle 287 hints for April 2... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 287 hints and clues for April 2... 1. Wordle 287 starts with the letter T. 2. Wordle 287 contains two vowels. 3. Today's answer is a bit of a cliche. If you figured out the answer and are looking for a fun Wordle clone to try, maybe you should give Speed Nerdle a go. Nerdle is a number puzzle where the aim is to identify an equation in six guesses. Similar to Wordle, you'll need to pay attention to the tiles after every guess. Speed Nerdle adds a timer into the mix, meaning you're playing against the clock, as well as the limits already in place. The creator of Nerdle believes three minutes is a good time to aim for, although added time penalties make a tricky proposition even harder.