Princess Anne, 71, is to embark on a two-day tour of Papua New Guinea, one of the Queen's overseas realms, on Monday, April 11. And she will surely be warmly welcomed there, as she has proven her worth over the years and she carries "genuine star appeal", according to historian and royal commentator Dr Ed Owens. He told Express.co.uk: "I think Princess Anne still carries genuine star appeal. "She is quite a private individual, but is constantly performing her royal duties and involved in lots of royal engagements. "So that comes as no surprise." "I think she will be warmly welcomed wherever she goes." Dr Owens also noted Princess Anne is one of the hardest-working members of the Royal Family. Last year alone, Princess Anne completed more than 360 engagements. Moreover, she is one of the royals who has followed most closely the blueprint of the monarchy set by her mother. He said: "She is a real work horse, she more than any other members of the British Royal Family has uphold the model of the monarchy promoted by her own mother." Princess Anne surely abides by the Queen's mantra 'never complain, never explain' and makes rare appearances in the media. READ MORE: Harry blasted over 'baffling' belief Much like Her Majesty, the Princess Royal is also very dedicated to her charities and organisations. She is the patron or president of more than 300 associations, with their focus ranging from agriculture, animal wellbeing, sports and education. One of her most famous patronages is Save the Children UK, with which Anne has played an active role for more than five decades. Anne's trip to Papua New Guinea, during which she will be accompanied by her second husband Sir Timothy Laurence, was announced in January and is one of the foreign royal trips taking place to mark the Platinum Jubilee.  After her visit was announced, Papua New Guinea's Governor-General, Sir Bob Dadae, said: "We look forward to receiving Her Royal Highness Princess Anne." After noting this won't be Anne's first visit to the nation, he added: "This is a special occasion to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee". Princess Anne's last visit to Papua New Guinea took place in 2005, when she marked the 30th anniversary of its independence. Several other royals have visited the Oceanian nation since the beginning of Queen Elizabeth II's reign. Prince Philip visited it during his extended Commonwealth tour taking place between 1956 and 1957. The Queen's cousins, the Duke and Duchess of Kent, visited the country in 1969, five years before the Duke of Edinburgh returned to Papua New Guinea in the company this time of his daughter and the Queen. The Queen travelled back the following year to mark her Silver Jubilee, and one last time in 1982. Prince Charles and Prince Andrew also visited the country on multiple occasions over the past decades. Princess Anne will reach Papua New Guinea after having stayed for two days in Australia, where she is scheduled to attend the Sydney Royal Easter Show. The Princess Royal's trip comes after Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William visited Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas as part of an eight-day tour of the Caribbean last month. During that same week, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, also embarked on a four-day tour of Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. Later this month, Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, will visit Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia, and St Vincent and the Grenadines also to mark the Queen's 70th year on the throne. In June, this couple will also travel to Gibraltar.