Arsenal are set to be quoted at least £84million to sign Napoli striker Victor Osimhen this summer. Multiple aspects of the deal, including the price, could make life difficult for the Gunners, but they have been dealt a boost as reports indicate that the Serie A goal machine would favour a move to north London over Newcastle United. The Gunners missed out on Dusan Vlahovic in January when the Serbian goal-scorer instead opted to stay closer to home and join Juventus. Transfer chief Edu held fire on other strikers, instead choosing to see out the rest of the season with what they've got, but this summer they are set to pursue another Serie A poacher. Osimhen has bagged 12 goals in just 23 matches this season during Napoli's league title charge. Now, journalist Freddie Paxton claims that the Gunners hold a 'serious interest' in the forward after making contact with his agent, and that the player would rather move to the Emirates than St James' Park. Napoli shelled out almost £70m to bring him in from Lille back in 2020, which is why they are set to demand a mammoth fee to let him go. It would be a huge amount of money for the Gunners to commit, particularly if they fall short in their bid to secure Champions League football. JUST IN: William Saliba set for showdown talks with Arsenal chiefs over summer transfer And therein lies another hurdle as reports indicate that Osimhen views Champions League football as a 'massive priority' in deciding his next move. Arsenal are two points ahead of Tottenham and occupy fourth spot with five matches left to play, but next month's North London Derby could have the final say. Osimhen is already the most expensive African footballer in history, and has experience in three of Europe's 'big five' leagues at the age of 23. A prolific season with Lille tempted Napoli to pull the trigger in 2020, and while injuries have made life difficult, he has not disappointed when fit to play. DON'T MISS...Arsenal could pair Gabriel Jesus with '£10m' partner to forge bargain little-and-large duoTottenham chief Levy may have to meet daunting 'demand' to stop Conte leaving for PSGMan Utd's John Murtough 'informs' forgotten star that he has future under Ten Hag Arsenal are expected to prioritise signing strikers this summer, with Manchester City's Gabriel Jesus already in the crosshairs. The Gunners would be unwise to blow their entire transfer budget on two attackers, however, as other areas of the side are sure to need strengthening if Mikel Arteta is to take them to the next level. He and Edu may find themselves in a precarious position in the transfer market, with the expected departures of Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah set to leave them without an out-and-out striker. Those who hold the attacking assets, such as Napoli in this case, may be able to sniff out the desperation and hike up the price as a result.  Some fans hold out hope that Nketiah will stay at the club after scoring twice against Chelsea last week and playing 90 minutes in the weekend's win over Manchester United. Arteta admitted that he had 'not been fair' to the youngster this season, which is likely to see him given an extended audition to lead the line between now and the end of the season. Arsenal may also wish to look towards Borussia Monchengladbach's Marcus Thuram, a former target who, according to reports, is set to be available for as little as £10m.