The Rising follows the dark story of Neve Kelly (played by Clara Rugaard), who wakes up to discover she is dead. As her loved ones mourn her death, she is determined to discover her murderer to get justice. Ahead of the Sky series airing, Emily Taaffe, who portrays Neve's mother Maria, revealed why filming certain scenes were such a struggle. The Sky thriller series unfolds when Neve wakes up in the wilderness one morning and soon realises she has been killed by a mystery assailant. By some supernatural occurrence, Neve's spirit has remained on Earth but her living loved ones cannot see her. Only her family's dog can sense her presence and Neve takes it upon herself to uncover the person responsible for her death. Much of the series was filmed in the Lake District and Maria actress Emily recently opened up to Express.co.uk and other media about starring in the supernatural thriller. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small boss details story development The Irish actress revealed the drama was filmed in various "beautiful and unusual" locations around the country. Reflecting on filming in the Lake District Emily recalled: "We actually had an afternoon off and we were by [Keswick] and it was so beautiful and of course, people come from all around the world to visit it because it is just so incredibly beautiful and unusual." The actress added: "It was a real privilege to film there." The cast and crew also shot the series in the picturesque Peak District and Bolton, in North West England.  Emily gushed: "It was amazing to see all these different bits of Britain. "And what’s exciting is you see the landscape in a way you haven’t, well I certainly hadn’t, on British television before." She admitted she thought the series did not look as though it was set in the UK and reflected how striking the forests and lakes in the opening episode looked. However, the actress revealed there was an issue while filming certain scenes. DON'T MISS...Billions season 7: Will there be another series? [LATEST]The Staircase Sky release date, cast, trailer, plot: When is it out? [UPDATE]Big Sky title card: ABC drama pays tribute to David Suapaia [INSIGHT] "It was incredible but also freezing at times," Emily quipped as she reflected on scenes shot around lakes and rivers in the colder months of the year. The Rising is based on a Belgian crime thriller named Hotel Beau Séjour, which ran for two seasons. The series received high praise from critics and horror novelist Stephen King was one of the many impressed viewers. When asked if she watched Hotel Beau Séjour, Emily explained: "I hadn’t, no, and I didn’t want to watch it because I was wary of stealing some of their very good ideas. 