Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, garnered popularity after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one of the groups, Mary Williamson asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Hi everyone. “Can someone recommend a good cleaning product that gets rid of black mould/mildew please? “My new build is just over a year old, but every window sill is like this, or worse, and this is with cleaning and wiping twice a week! Thank you.” Mary’s post was inundated with responses but the most popular comment was to use bleach either with cotton wool, kitchen towel, tissue or a toothbrush. Laura Losha Elder Ganioģlu said: “Bleach to kill the spores.” READ MORE: Pink Floyd's David Gilmour lives in Sussex' 2nd most expensive village Marie Powell replied: “I put bleach on kitchen towel and let it soak in overnight then rinsed off with cold water.” Linda Davies commented: “I had that in my old house - toothbrush with bleach.” Zoe Martin said: “Tissue drenched in bleach. “Leave for 24 hours and should come up white. Works in showers.” Sam Pace wrote: “Neat bleach.” DON'T MISSKill weeds on driveways and paths with boiling water [INSIGHT]Weeding: How to create an ‘affordable’ weed killer in seconds [UPDATE]Potatoes: ‘Important tip’ when choosing a potato variety to grow [ANALYSIS] Mary Davidson commented: “Bleach spray. “Spray and leave it for a few hours.” Becci Sparkles suggested: “Roll up some loo roll and lay along the silicone then soak in bleach. “Leave over night or a few hours and it’ll be gone by the morning.” Kerry Bebbington-Jones said: “My husband has just done ours. “The mould spray didn't work so he used cotton wool dipped in thick bleach. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Left over night and was like new! Open windows when you can.” ASDA Smart Price Thin Bleach costs 42p. Easy Seriously Thick Bleach Original costs 60p from Sainsbury’s. Ocado Thick Original Bleach costs 60p. Domestos Original Thick Bleach is 98p from Amazon. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using baby wipes, Pink Stuff and a dehumidifier. Cathy Riley said: “Baby wipes with the end of a screwdriver. “I did all mine this week.” Lesley Carron Soar replied: “Long term tip!  “Invest in a decent dehumidifier and use it not only for this reason but to dry clothes indoors in the winter!” Jane Lunn wrote: “I used this and the Pink Stuff paste with a toothbrush and it brought mine off.” Abi Salisbury said: “I think once mould is removed and you’re happy there’s no damp coming through, do a line of silicone/caulk round the edge. “This helps seal them and is easy to clean for future. “You can buy to do it yourself, or could pay someone but it’s a simple job so should be cheap. “Although if there’s nothing there already, this is probably something that should’ve been done when the house was built so agree with everyone else you should go back to developer.”