The race to buy Chelsea is becoming ‘bad-tempered’ as groups fear ‘special treatment’ is being shown to the Ricketts family, according to reports. The Ricketts family, who also own baseball’s Chicago Cubs, are one of the four shortlisted candidates to win control of the Premier League club.   Chelsea were put up for sale by owner Roman Abramovich in early March, just a week before he was sanctioned for his alleged ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin. The Blues have since operated under a special license that controls the spending and income of the club. A sale is being overseen by the Raine Group and the government will have the final say. That is to ensure no money ends up in the pockets of Abramovich. Raine has set an April 11 deadline for four shortlisted groups to submit their final bids. The Ricketts family, Todd Boehly’s consortium, the Martin Broughton-led group, or Stephen Pagliuca could be in place by the end of May.   JUST IN: Erik ten Hag speaks on 'next step' after holding Man Utd talks But a previously well-mannered bidding war has grown ‘bad-tempered’, according to the Independent’s Reading the Game newsletter. The publication claims that some of the groups fear ‘preferential treatment’ is being shown to the Ricketts family. The group are on the charm offensive as the Chelsea Supporters’ Trust (CST) harbours concerns over their beliefs and attitudes. The CST has since met with the Ricketts family but in a statement on March 25 that their concerns are yet to be allayed. DON'T MISS...Man Utd 'rejected by Nagelsmann' as Red Devils 'investigate' optionsMan Utd chiefs in 'considerable debate' over Ten Hag and PochettinoErik ten Hag speaks on 'next step' after holding Man Utd talks “The CST are grateful to the Ricketts family for meeting with us this week. We challenged them on all of the points supporters have raised concerns about. However, our concerns about their ability to run an inclusive, successful club on behalf of our diverse supporter base around the world have not yet been allayed,” an excerpt of their statement read. “It is for the Ricketts family to demonstrate how they will address supporter concerns – especially with regard to inclusivity, given both past and recent statements by members of the family, and they have not yet done that. They must do so publicly and they must do so urgently. If they are unable to do this and gain the confidence of Chelsea supporters, the CST Board does not believe it would be in the best interests of our members and Chelsea supporters for their bid to succeed.” Meanwhile, it has been widely reported that prospective bidders will meet boss Thomas Tuchel. However, the German has rubbished those claims, saying on Friday: "No, absolutely not. I'm not sure if they want to [meet] and I'm not sure if I should. I don't know if it's a good idea or a bad idea. Maybe it's best to be involved – if I am involved – as late as possible."   