Missing was the monarch herself, who turns 96 on Thursday. She had given early warning that she would not be attending following various health issues in recent months. Determined not to let her down were William and Kate, who fronted the retinue into St George's Chapel inWindsor yesterday. The couple, fresh from a skiing trip in Courchevel, France, brought along their eldest children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte for the first time. Kate, 40, wore a powder-blue Emilia Wickstead coat dress with matching clutch bag and stilettoes. Charlotte was in a floral blue dress and navy cardigan and mary jane shoes with tights that matched her mum's outfit. The six-year-old held on to her dad's hand as they arrived as a foursome and a small crowd of wellwishers cheered. William, 39, and George, eight, were in matching navy suits. Behind them walked other members of the Royal Family - and nearly all of them were dressed in blue too. Prince Edward, 58, was the only one of the Queen's children in attendance, with Charles, Anne and Andrew absent. It is believed Charles and Camilla are at their Birkhall residence at Balmoral. The Queen is thought to be in Windsor Palace, just a few hundred yards from the church. Edward followed the Cambridges with his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex, 57, and their children Lady Louise Windsor, 18, and James, Viscount Severn, 14. They arrived with Andrew's youngest daughter Princess Eugenie, 32, who, like Sophie, wore a busily patterned blue dress. Peter Phillips, 44, was next with his children Savannah, 11, and Isla, 10. His sister Zara, 40, followed in a polka-dot blue and white dress, with husband Mike and their eldest daughter Mia, eight, who was in a dress similar to Charlotte's. The Royals seemed determined to put on a cheerful and united front in the absence of the Queen. It was the first time in three years that the service had been held - it was cancelled twice because of Covid. George shook hands with the Dean of Windsor, the Right Rev David Conner, as they left, while William wished him a happy Easter. Earlier, the Cambridges sent a greeting to their social media followers by posting "Happy Easter" on Kensington Palace paper. Zanna Merryn tweeted back: "A very Happy Easter to you and your beautiful children. Enjoy your eggs! God bless you all."