Pointless favourite Richard Osman has decided to quit his role on the popular BBC quiz show. The decision to leave comes as Richard is now reportedly setting his sights on focusing on his writing career. Richard admitted he will "miss everyone so much" after confirming the news. In a statement published by the BBC, Richard said: "Pointless has been a joy from start to finish. "Working alongside my friend Alexander Armstrong, backed by the most wonderful team, and for the best viewers in the world. "I will miss everyone so much, but I'm thrilled that I'll still be presenting the celebrity shows. "I can't thank everyone enough for 12 amazing years," his statement concluded. READ MORE: Adil Ray and Thornberry clash as he exposes Labour hypocrisy Alexander also added of his co-host's departure: “Daytime television’s loss is international best-selling crime fiction’s gain. "I say that like it’s a consolation - I’m going to miss the big man next to me Monday to Friday. "But at least I still get him at weekends - and weekdays if you’re watching on Challenge," he quipped. Richard’s decision to step down from his role on Pointless comes following the success of his literary career. “Sadly all good things must come to an end. Richard has loved every second of doing the show alongside Xander but he really wants to give his all to his writing career which has been an enormous success,” one source said. They told The Sun: “His departure is completely amicable but he just does not have enough hours in the day to do everything so sadly something had to give. “His literary career is going from strength to strength so he’s having to be slightly more choosy with what he does TV-wise." Richard will continue to front his popular games show, House of Games, on the BBC as well as celebrity editions of Pointless. DON'T MISS: Iain Dale fights back tears as Ukrainian dog reunites with ownerVine caller demands host take pay cut amid rising pricesMeghan's ‘Archetypes’ trademark mocked by Vine 'Embarrassing' Pointless will replace Richard with a rotating roster of guest co-hosts. With filming for the new series set for May this year, this will be the first time since 2009 Richard won't be there alongside Alexander. Tamara Gilder, Creative Director for Pointless' production company Remarkable Entertainment, added to the tributes: “Richard is a huge part of Pointless and his contribution to the show’s success is immeasurable. "We’ll be sad to not have him as part of the daytime series, but we are very glad that he’ll still be part of the Pointless family, presenting our celebrity specials, as well as continuing to host House of Games.”  Richard's literary career skyrocketed from the get-go following the release of his first novel, The Thursday Murder Club in 2020. It took Richard just 12 months to follow this up with the release of the second book of the series, The Man Who Died Twice, hitting shelves in 2021. With the books already racking up nearly five million copies sold, the rights for the series were bought by Hollywood legend Steven Spielberg. The Oscar-winning director has purchased the rights in the hopes of bringing them to the big screen. Pointless airs weekdays at 5pm on BBC One.