“The good news is that this is rare, although the numbers are higher in Britain,” said Dr Nighat speaking on BBC’s Breakfast. While Britain seems to experience the majority of cases, the hepatitis outbreak is a global problem that sees cases popping up around the world in the likes of India, Spain and more. The TV doctor continued: “This is something that is unprecedented, we don’t see this level of hepatitis in children so that’s something that’s concerning us. “We definitely need to do more research in finding out what’s the underlying cause.” Dr Nighat then broke down the tell-tale signs into “simple things” to help parents know what to look for. One of the main symptoms that can raise alarm bells is yellowing of the skin. READ MORE: Long Covid: Four symptoms women more likely to experience, according to study The doctor said: “You can get yellowing skin or yellowing of the eyes. “You might get itchy skin as well. Your child might have dark urine and pale stools. “They might complain of cramps and lots of fatigue. They might also complain of loss of appetite. “And they might get spiking temperatures which we can’t seem to get under grip.” Dr Nighat explained that the condition describes inflammation of the liver. She said: “We know that hepatitis exists and children do get hepatitis for various reasons. “There are viruses that cause it, there’s A to E… and they have different variations and how they present in children. “There are also underlying genetic conditions that can cause hepatitis. And if we look at older adults, alcohol and certain drugs can also cause hepatitis.” In this outbreak, experts are not yet certain what exactly is causing hepatitis in children. However, Dr Nighat shared that the cases they have looked at so far seem to stem from adenovirus. The doctor explained: “We think that 70 percent of the cases and the data and the research that’s coming through, there’s a particular type of virus. “Now, adenovirus is a very common virus - we have hundreds of cases of adenovirus. "In some of the studies, particularly when they looked at the cases in Scotland, they found there’s adenovirus 41 which we think is causing this type of hepatitis." However, adenovirus doesn't seem to account for all of the emerging cases. So, Dr Nighat urged looking out for signs and symptoms. As viruses seem to be causing these new hepatitis cases, the expert explained it’s “important” to follow public health messages. Dr Nighat added: “So making sure we reduce transmission by handwashing - effective handwashing. “Making sure if you’ve got a temperature, you’re seeking help and you’re discussing it with your doctor. “Particularly, if you see signs of yellowing skin or yellowing of the eyes in your child.”