Arsenal hero Paul Merson believes his former club should sign Crystal Palace winger Wilfried Zaha this summer as Gabriel Martinelli will soon become a centre forward. The Gunners were tipped to sign the Ivory Coast international in 2019 before ultimately signing Nicolas Pepe instead. Arsenal have enjoyed a resurgence in recent months and look well-placed to land the final Champions League qualifying spot. Mikel Arteta’s men are fourth in the Premier League and have a three-point cushion over north London rivals Tottenham, who are fifth. Their upturn in fortunes has coincided with the emergence of Martinelli, who has impressed in his role on the left-wing. But the 20-year-old has been tipped to become a striker in the future and make the most of his innate finishing abilities. And Merson believes that could provide an opportunity for Zaha to join the club. “Arsenal should go back in for Wilfried Zaha and try to sign him from Crystal Palace this summer,” Merson wrote in his Daily Star column. “They wanted him before and missed out. But Zaha wanted to join them and he won't stay at Palace forever. JUST IN: Roma ‘learn Man Utd already have Boubacar Kamara transfer agreement'   “I think he would have made a difference to Arsenal. He's better than Nicolas Pepe. He draws players towards him and makes things happen. It's a good time to buy him. You'd get him a bit cheaper and he's a better player now than he was when they tried before. “I think Pepe goes this summer if they can find a buyer, and sooner or later they will try Gabriel Martinelli up front. So I definitely think there is room for another winger like Zaha in the team, and I think he'd get lots of minutes.” DON'T MISS Ten Hag’s camp ‘have concerns about Man Utd job’ as saga takes twist Ten Hag 'angry over English lessons claim' after he missed Spurs job Man Utd have interviewed 'mystery boss' with Ten Hag and Pochettino     Zaha is enjoying a fecund spell with Palace this season and has found the back of the net nine times in 24 Premier League games. In February, he notched a brace as the Eagles thrashed strugglers Watford 4-1 at Vicarage Road. And his performances have helped his side climb to 12th in the Premier League table this campaign. Zaha is in his second spell at Selhurst Park after coming through the club’s academy. The 29-year-old joined Manchester United in 2013 and was tripped to have a big future at the top of the game. But it never worked out for him at Old Trafford and he moved back to south London in 2015. Arsenal will come face-to-face with Zaha on Monday when Palace host the north Londoners in the Premier League. And the talented winger will be keen to show the Gunners exactly what they are missing out on.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here