Anton Du Beke, 55, married his wife Hannah Summers in 2017 and the couple share two children. The Strictly judge recalled in an interview how the pair met and whether it was love at first sight. Anton will appear on The Chase tonight along with Alistair McGowan, Sarah-Jane Crawford and Adrian Edmondson. The Strictly judge spoke to Steph McGovern back in February about his relationship with Hannah and how the pair first met. He said: "I knew almost immediately that I loved her. She also loved me immediately. "She was sitting across a big table at a do and I thought, 'wow she is absolutely gorgeous'." READ MORE: Dan Walker laments relationships with BBC Breakfast co-stars amid exit He then spoke about how he built up the courage to talk to Hannah. Anton continued: "She went off to the loo as one does. Outrageously, I followed her! "She went into the ladies and I waited outside for her. I'm staggered that she actually spoke to me. "She came out, she looked at me and went 'have you been waiting outside the ladies for me?' and I went 'Yes, it's because I love you." Anton admitted that the marriage joke made him look "a bit weird". The pair welcomed their twins, George and Henrietta in 2017 after Hannah's long-term struggle with endometriosis. This is a condition where tissue similar to the lining of the womb grows in other places. Anton previously broke down on Loose Women discussing his wife's condition and the long wait they endured to conceive. DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood thanks BBC Breakfast viewer after ITV weather swipe [BBC] Johnny Depp called ex Vanessa 'extortionist c***' in Elton John email [INSIGHT] Depp said he 'wanted to drown and burn' Amber [COMMENT] He said: "I’m delighted to be able to talk about it because it’s such an incredible thing, being able to be a parent. Hannah and I left it a bit later, so we’re slightly older parents. "I always get emotional when I talk about Hannah. Hannah is a remarkable mum and wife. She’s the most brilliant person I’ve ever met. "For me as a man, and everything is from my own personal perspective of a man, I didn’t know whether I wanted to have children or whether that was going to be a thing for me... it wasn’t a subject that was at the forefront of my mind, but what I did know is that if I did have children it would be with the woman I wanted to spend all my life with and it’s Hannah. "So having children with Hannah was a perfectly normal thing and an obvious thing for us to do." Discussing her condition, he said: "We went to the clinic and discussed it. And we made the decision, "this is what we’re going to do", and we were absolutely determined. "You go along and of course, the process is remarkable. "I take my hat off… it’s not even a big enough expression... to Hannah and women, in general, doing this. It’s an incredible thing. The payoff is so great, of course." The Chase Celebrity Special airs tonight on ITV at 5pm.