Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel admitted to a tactical mistake against Real Madrid that involves Andreas Christensen. Barcelona boss Xavi could be wise to take note with the defender set to head to Catalonia at the end of the season, where he can expect to face Los Blancos plenty more times in their famous El Clasico rivalry. Karim Benzema stole the headlines on Wednesday night with a superbly-taken hat-trick that stunned Stamford Bridge. He had a trusty accomplice by his side, too, as Vinicius Jr terrorised the Blues back-line which gave Real a healthy 3-1 lead in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final. Christensen was tasked with keeping tabs on the Brazilian who routinely drifted inside from his wide-left position. With so much pace and trickery in his locker, it quickly became evident that he was too much for the Dane to deal with. After the final whistle, Tuchel admitted: "Yeah, my mistake. We changed the formation and wanted to turn things around because I think personally there was enough where we could hurt them. JUST IN: How Man Utd missed out on signing Chelsea conqueror Karim Benzema by just £7m "But we were so far off our level in everything what the game demands, tactically, individually, in shape, in stiffness, in challenges that we tried to play in a new formation and then killed the game off with a big mistake after three minutes [in the second half]." While the German owned up to his miscalculation, it will also serve as a warning to Xavi when Christensen heads to the Camp Nou this summer. Although the move has not been formally announced, reports indicate that a five-year deal is already agreed for when the player's Chelsea contract expires in June. DON'T MISSChelsea flop Werner floated to Juventus and AC Milan by agentMan Utd told to snub Tuchel appointment due to Romelu LukakuChelsea boss Tuchel admits he doesn't agree with Christensen decision Xavi cannot afford to make the same mistakes when his Barcelona side come up against Madrid next season. Los Blancos are away and clear in La Liga at present and their Stamford Bridge heroics showed that they cannot be taken lightly, while Vinicius and Benzema must be dealt with in the most effective way possible. Barca may be able to mount a more formidable challenge against their rivals next season with Xavi set for his first full campaign at the helm. Indeed, they may have been much closer this time around if former boss Ronald Koeman had not overseen a torrid first few months that left them languishing in mid-table.  More recruits could be on the way alongside Christensen too, as reports state that Franck Kessie will be the second free arrival of the summer once his contract at AC Milan expires. Blues centre-back Antonio Rudiger is supposedly on their hit list, but La Blaugrana are expected to face fierce competition in that department with a host of other top European clubs all vying for his signature.