Newcastle star Bruno Guimaraes has urged the Magpies to make a move for his former Lyon team-mate Lucas Paqueta. The duo spent 18 months together at the Groupama Stadium before Guimaraes completed a £40million move to St James' Park. Having quickly become a fan favourite at Newcastle after scoring four goals in 13 appearances, Guimaraes has now called for the Magpies to reunite him with Paqueta. He revealed he struck up a close relationship with Paqueta at Lyon and believes he would be a good signing for Eddie Howe's men. “It would be my dream. Paquetá is my best friend, we made a relationship, not only on the field, but we lived together all the time outside. Our wives together too. It was a brotherly relationship, we still talk every day. It would be really cool if he could come here, but I can't do this job," Guimaraes told ESPN. Lyon have endured a disappointing season this term and currently sit eighth in the Ligue 1 table. But Paqueta has still impressed with his performances, scoring 10 goals and notching seven assists from attacking midfield. READ MORE: Newcastle ‘ask’ Real Madrid chiefs about Marco Asensio transfer Potentially complicating a deal is the fact that the Brazilian's contract does not expire for another three years. But given the Saudi Arabia cash now funding the club, Newcastle may be able to make an offer that's too good to turn down. Part of Guimaraes' desire to see Newcastle sign Paqueta could be down to his apsiration for Howe's men to push for European football in the coming seasons. They have successfully steered away from relegation trouble, with expectations high for next season. DON'T MISS: Newcastle's superb XI next season if Coutinho and other targets sign (ANALYSIS)Newcastle owner makes promise to Allan Saint-Maximin in private chat (NEWS)Arsenal's transfer blow as Newcastle told to sign Xhaka replacement (INSIGHT) “We have already achieved our main objective which was to get Newcastle out of relegation. We scored 43 points, we are in ninth place and we had a historic start. With the new owners, the project for the next season is very interesting. A beautiful story begins," Guimaraes added. “We want to get into the top 6. Fight for the Europa League , maybe for the Champions League. We know that it won't be overnight that you will become a top 7, you have to prove it on a daily basis, in the championships, but we hope for the best. I hope we can form a great team, it will depend on the reinforcements, who will arrive, who will leave. I'm very optimistic."