While Elvis was notorious for pursuing women throughout his career, it was unthinkable anything personal could ever happen with Dolly. She has been steadfastly married to her husband Carl since 1966. What The King wanted from the Queen of Country Music was far more than a mere fling. He was desperate to record what would become her most famous song, a beautiful ballad so special to him that the star even sang it to his wife as they left the courtroom after ending their marriage. Dolly said: "Priscilla, Elvis’s wife, told me that when she and Elvis divorced, Elvis sang my song to her. That touched me so deeply." I Will Always Love You had already been a country music smash after it was released in 1974. It would, of course, become a global sensation when Whitney Houston remade it for The Bodyguard. But the classic heartbreaker was almost recorded by Elvis. It is a tantalising thought, but one man stood in the way – and left Dolly devastated. She said: "I’d been invited down to the studio to meet Elvis and be there when he sang my song. That’s the most exciting thing that had ever happened to me. Who doesn’t love Elvis?" Unfortunately, Elvis's manager Colonel Parker made a demand Dolly simply could not accept: "Colonel called me the afternoon before the session and said ‘You do know we have at least half the publishing on any song that Elvis records?’ And I said ‘No, I did not know that.’ “He said, ‘Well it’s just a rule’. So I said ‘Well it’s not my rule’”. "And I cried all night long, ‘cause I was so disappointed. It wasn’t Elvis, I loved Elvis, and I’m sure he was as disappointed as I was because he had it worked up and ready to go - I know he loved that song." Even decades later, Dolly confessed the pain has never gone away.   Last year, Dolly even admitted she wished she could speak to Elvis and say: "Hey, I bet you were as disappointed as I was about all that and I still dream about you singing that song." However, the star also explained that she never regretted the reason for her decision. It's another example of why she is the ultimate businesswoman as well as superstar. Dolly said: "I wanted to hear Elvis sing it, and it broke my heart - I cried all night. But I had to keep that copyright in my pocket. You have to take care of your business! Everybody’s going to use you if they can." These are my songs - they’re like my children. And I expect them to support me when I’m old!" Speaking on Living and Learning with Reba McEntire in 2020, Dolly said: "It didn’t have anything to do with Elvis. I loved Elvis. But, I already had a No. 1 song, I Will Always Love You. That was the most important copyright I had in my publishing company." Of course, her determination later paid off when Whitney's 1992 version spent 14 weeks atop the US singles charts and remains the fifth best-selling single of all time, and the top one by a female recording artist.