Royal biographer Tina Brown claimed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex wanted to have a "commercial arm to their activities". Ms Brown, author of new book The Palace Papers, said: "That was the stumbling block. "Meghan certainly saw the deals that were there to be made because they were royals. "It's as though she couldn't resist everything that was on offer on the celebrity buffet. "A hunger to avail herself of the global leverage, to live in glorious houses without strings attached." The former Vanity Fair editor claimed Meghan was inspired by Michelle Obama. She added that Harry "wanted out" and his wife gave him "the tools to leave". Ms Brown told Washington Post Live: "A very close adviser told me 'we always knew he would go at some point he was very unhappy'. Even the Queen knew. "I really think Harry wanted out, himself. Meghan gave Harry the tools to leave. "She understood the world of agents and deals. READ MORE: Expert pinpoints why Meghan Markle mindset would collapse monarchy  "I mean this wasn't Harry's world, but suddenly he had in Meghan a very worldly strategist who he decided to trust above all the other advisors." Harry and Meghan quit as working royals in March 2020 for new lives of personal and financial freedom across the pond. The couple are living in the celebrity enclave of Montecito in California with their two children Archie and Lili. Since ending royal duties, they have signed lucrative deals - thought to be worth well over £100 million - with Netflix and Spotify as they launch new careers outside of the monarchy. DON'T MISSSussex’s Jubilee invite slammed over ‘abuse’ of British public [VIDEO]Meghan Markle in subtle tribute to 'reborn' Princess Diana photoshoot [ANALYSIS]Meghan cheerleader Omid Scobie defends Prince Harry's comments [INSIGHT] Meghan's first podcast series about female stereotypes, called Archetypes, was unveiled last month. Meanwhile, a camera crew filming for a Netflix documentary called Heart Of Invictus - a series from Harry and Meghan's Archewell Productions following people competing at the event - was seen close to the couple as they attended the Invictus Games earlier this month. Harry and Meghan returned to the UK together for the first time since Megxit to meet the Queen at Windsor Castle. They made the trip en route to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. Speculation is high whether they will travel to Britain for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June amid Harry's security row with the Home Office over police protection for his family. When asked during an interview last week with NBC's Today show, the Duke said: "I don't know yet, there's lots of things - security issues and everything else. "So this is what I'm trying to do, trying to make it possible that, you know, I can get my kids to meet her." And Harry appeared to commit his immediate future to the US, saying: "Home for me now is, you know, for the time being, it's in the States, and it feels that way as well." 