The TV streaming wars could be about to hot up thanks to a new device coming from the team at Apple. The US firm is thought to be working on a brand new TV box that could make popular gadgets such as Amazon's Fire TV Stick look massively inferior. The latest whispers, which come via Bloomberg's Mark Gurman, suggest that Apple is hoping to release a device that not only lets users stream content to their TV in pin-sharp 4K quality but also features a Homepod-style speaker to boom out the action and let you listen to your favourite playlists. Apple's audio team have been producing some of the best-sounding devices on the market in recent years with the HomePod and HomePod mini both offering some seriously impressive quality. Combining a TV box and speaker could be what a lot of homes have been waiting for and there might be even more good news. Along with streaming telly and music, there could be another advantage of owning this upgraded device as it's thought it might also feature a camera for making video calls. READ MORE: Budget TV boost! Sonos could launch a much cheaper soundbar next month If Apple follows its other devices this camera could feature the clever Centre Stage technology which follows you around the room so you always stay perfectly in shot. It even knows when more people enter the room to chat online with the lens automatically switching to a much wider angle. There's currently no word on when Apple will officially reveal this new TV box but we do know that the firm has an event planned for early June. The yearly WWDC Developers Conference will kick off on June 6 and should offer Apple fans a glimpse of what's to come later in the year. Although WWDC mainly focuses on software developments - such as new versions of iOS and macOS - Apple usually throws in some hardware surprises as well. In fact, the originally HomePod was actually unveiled during WWDC back in 2017 and there's nothing to suggest similar news won't be announced this year. Whether there's some shiny new hardware, or new features and designs coming to your existing iPhone, iPad, MacBook, Apple Watch and Apple TV ...it promises to be a must-watch conference. Express.co.uk will be in the (virtual) audience for WWDC 22 from June 6, 2022. If you're thinking of upgrading your TV set-up...watch this space!