Britons can use the Government’s state pension age checker to find out various information about their state pension age. The service is free to use through the Gov.uk website. The online service can be used to check: READ MORE: ‘Never paid pensioners more!’ State pension frustration as sum will not increase to £380 The tool is simple to use, as the only information someone needs is their date of birth. Users will be given two options when they begin using the service. They can either choose to view their date of birth and Pension Credit qualifying age, or their bus pass age. By selecting the first option, they will be shown their expected state pension age as well as the date they will reach it. DON'T MISSPensioners lose £8,000 of state pension as expats see sums frozen - 'end this injustice' [PENSION]Woman in tears at £1.4m inheritance tax bill from HMRC ‘Parents have already paid taxes!' [TAX]Fury at plans to BAN gas boilers and force Brits to install £10,000 heat pumps [REACTION] The state pension age is currently 66, but is set to rise to 67 and again to 68 in the future. This means someone retiring in many years time could have a different state pension age to someone nearer to retirement. There is no longer a default retirement age. The Government is required to regularly review the state pension age. The latest review is currently ongoing and must be published by May 7, 2023. An individual’s Pension Credit age should be the same as their state pension age. Pension Credit is a benefit which pensioners can claim if they are on a lower income. People’s bus pass age could be different depending on where they live. Those living in England generally have to wait until their state pension age to get a free bus pass. However, people who live in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland can get free bus travel from age 60. Britons can check with their local council to confirm when they can apply for a free bus pass. Those who live in Greater London may be able to get a 60+ Oyster card to reduce their travel costs.