 Motorists have been advised to use alternative methods to stay cool this Easter weekend as the spring weather has finally arrived. Alex Kindred, car insurance expert at Confused.com said: “Making changes to the way we drive can help to make the fuel in our tanks last a bit longer, which could ultimately save you money on high petrol and diesel costs.  “When you check your fuel level at home, also check your tyre pressure, as this can impact the amount of fuel your car uses. “And when driving, reduce the amount you accelerate, stop idling by turning your car off. If you’re at a standstill and open the windows when it’s warm rather than turning up the air conditioning which uses fuel.” When driving at 45mph, many variables can change how much fuel is used, including the weather, the weight of the car and the driving style. If a driver is travelling at this speed and using the air conditioning, it can increase fuel consumption by around 10 percent. READ MORE: Drivers warned as holding up traffic could lead to massive £5,000 fine  In comparison, when driving at 45mph and having the windows open causes drag, meaning fuel consumption can be increased by as much as 20 percent. At low speeds, drivers should open the window as the fuel used to compensate for drag is less than the fuel used to power the air con. But when driving on the motorway, drivers should follow the opposite advice. The climate control should be turned on and the windows should be rolled up. DON'T MISSFurious driver fined £170 for parking in their own car park [SHOCKING]New EU driving rule could cost up to £2500 if broken [WARNING]Driving law changing in weeks as EV owners will pay to charge [INSIGHT]  Mr Kindred said the tipping point for this is around 30mph. Millions are also set to hit the roads this weekend, with experts urging drivers to make decisions to boost their fuel efficiency and stop for petrol and diesel less often. Mr Kindred advised drivers to keep an eye on their fuel as they drive or risk having to stop earlier to fill up. He said: “Bank holidays tend to go hand in hand with traffic jams.  “Our research found that more than half of drivers setting off on journeys this weekend will be on the roads on Saturday, so it’s set to be a busy one. “To avoid congestion, planning journeys ahead and considering alternative routes that aren’t as popular will hopefully mean you see less traffic. “We also found that one in two motorists said they would check their fuel levels above all other car checks before they set off, so clearly fuel is still a concern, as prices remain very high." He continued: “But when we need to top up, there's no avoiding it.  “Knowing where your cheapest options are for purchasing fuel can be confusing, so it’s definitely worth checking before you set off this weekend so you’re not stuck with the most expensive spot. “Our petrol price finder allows you to search for approximate prices in your area to help you pick out the cheapest pumps from the more expensive ones. “Sticking with these could help you save money in the long run until we start to see fuel costs start to stabilise.” Drivers looking to travel this weekend may benefit from balancing the use of air conditioning and having the windows on, allowing them to travel more and stop for fuel less.