 Ahsan Haji, 33, from Leyton, East London, was slapped with a £100 parking fine following a trip to a petrol station to use the car wash. He claims he waited in line for 45 minutes to clean his vehicle at his local BP garage on March 19.  Alongside his family, he waited and then drove off without a second thought. However, a week later he received a parking ticket, demanding he pay £100 to Euro Car Parks for outstaying the 25 minute limit. The dad-of-three appealed the fine, but is still waiting to hear back from the company. He insists he will not be paying the parking fine, slamming the situation and calling it “unacceptable”. READ MORE: UK hit with more fuel shortages as drivers queue for diesel and petrol  Mr Haji said: "We never parked - we were in the queue the whole time.# "There were six or seven cars in the queue with us who would have also been issued a fine. "I absolutely should not have to pay that. “They should be ashamed of themselves." DON'T MISSWhy is there a diesel shortage? How to check if diesel is available [WARNING]Motorists can save over £300 a year on fuel costs by ditching premium [INSIGHT]Fuel shortage: Drivers warned that 'disruption will continue' [SHOCKING]  Last month Ahsan visited the car wash with his wife Linda Goslar, 31, and their three sons aged eight, five and three. They did not realise anything was wrong until they received a letter detailing a £100 fine from Euro Car Parks. Ahsan said he “couldn’t believe it” when he received the letter. The letter reads: "We are using cameras to capture images of vehicles entering and leaving the car park to calculate their length of stay.  "Your vehicle was parked longer than the maximum period allowed. "By remaining at the car park without authorisation, in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the signage, the Parking "Charge is now payable to Euro Car Parks." He appealed the fine on the same day that he received the letter and is still waiting for a response from Euro Car Parks.  He insisted that he should not have to pay the fine as his car was never parked, he was simply waiting. Mr Haji added: “We were sat in the car the whole time - we never parked. "They should be ashamed of themselves, and I am not paying. “We were queueing - how can you charge us and call that parking?" Express.co.uk have contacted Euro Car Parks and BP for a comment.