The queue is formed of Russian and Belarusian drivers trying to leave the EU following the sanctions deadline. The EU's sanctions against Russian hauliers began on Saturday. Now a line of trucks has built up and extends to 80km (50 miles) in length.  Some of the haulage drivers have been stuck in the queue for up to 33 hours. The EU sanction bans hauliers from Russia and Belarus from entering or staying in the bloc. However, there is an exception for those carrying medicine, mail or petroleum products. The move is part of sanctions set by Brussels over Moscow's invasion of Ukraine. JUST IN: China's oil giant set to leave UK and US 'amid fears of sanctions'  The Reuters news agency has released drone footage that showed long queues remaining as the midnight on Saturday deadline neared. One Belarusian driver did not think he would make it across the border before the sanctions were imposed. Speaking to Reuters he said, "there are still many kilometres to drive, so it's unrealistic". The BBC's Adam Easton in Warsaw has stated that the number of trucks at two border crossings between Poland and Ukraine have between 230-400 vehicles in each queue. DON'T MISS:Brits who take in Ukrainian refugees could get £1,000 off council tax [LATEST]Brexit ‘has enabled Britain to take the lead on Covid jabs and Ukraine [BREXIT]Kremlin mocked over belief UK is its ‘enduring enemy’ [SPOTLIGHT]  It is unclear what will happen to the thousands of other hauliers from both Belarus and Russia that are still within EU territory. One possibility is that the trucks will be seized by authorities within the EU. However, a Polish official representing transport groups said that if the EU begin seizing Russian and Belarussian trucks then similar measures may happen against Polish trucks in Russia and Belarus. The EU has imposed punishing sanctions against Russia, and its main ally Belarus. Belarus and Russia reciprocated with measures of their own. The EU will soon enact forthcoming sanctions on Russian banks. The Russian bank, called Sberbank, will be targeted. Speaking to German media the head of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen said: "We are looking further at the banking sector, especially Sberbank, which accounts for 37 percent of the Russian banking sector. "And, of course, there are energy issues." 