Annie Shuttleworth, a Met Office meteorologist, said that temperatures could reach up to 22C this weekend. The warmest temperature recorded so far this year has been 20.8C, meaning that the upcoming spell of warmer weather is likely to beat records. Ms Shuttleworth said that temperatures will be "widely above average across the UK" over the bank holiday weekend, particularly in the southeast where it will be "very warm". Senior meteorologist for Netweather, Jo Farrow, said that the warmer weather stems from a frontal boundary "extending from northern Africa through Spain to Northern Ireland." She said the UK can expect temperatures of up to 21C, which could get as warm as 24C by the weekend if there is significant sunshine. Ms Farrow urged Britons to "find the sunscreen" as the country can expect "strong" sun. However, she warned that there is likely to be some cloud cover over the weekend, particularly in the mornings, with some days starting "grey and murky". She said: "The overall theme for this week is that it will be warmer. "Temperatures up into the mid to high teens with even the low 20sC appearing on the weather maps. "However, (bank holiday weekend there had to be a however or a but) it's not all sunshine, blue skies nor completely dry. "There will be a lot of fair weather about and where the sunshine breaks through it will feel warm as the sun is strong now. READ MORE: Sunny Easter weekend: temperatures begin to climb for bank holiday "Find the sunscreen if you are planning to be outside for a while over the Easter break or in the middle of the day, we’re out of the habit. "Also, some mornings will start grey and murky." She added: "There is a frontal boundary extending from northern Africa through Spain to Northern Ireland. "Ahead of that, there has been warm air pulled up on strong winds with France recording 29.3C in the southwest to the lee of the Pyrenees. "The air this week is milder, warmer with its origin way to the south, but it needs April sunshine to push the temperatures up. DON'T MISS: UK set for 10 DAYS of hot sunny weather as spring FINALLY arrives [REPORT] Here comes the hot sun! Mini 20C heatwave to hit Britain on MONDAY [ANALYSIS] Best beaches in the UK named as hot weather continues [INSIGHT] "20 and 21C are forecast but good sunshine will be needed to tip those values towards 23 maybe 24C by the weekend. " Speaking to the Guardian, Met Office forecaster Ms Shuttleworth said: "If people are travelling for sunshine, then further eastern areas are more likely to see that brighter weather. "I think in the main for the bank holiday weekend, we’ll see temperatures quite widely above average across the UK and hopefully they could be very warm in the south-east in particular. "Warmer than average certainly, but nowhere near heatwave criteria. "It will definitely be warmer than the week we’ve just had and last week.” "We’ll see temperatures generally come up through the week. "[On Monday] we’re seeing highs of 18, then from Thursday onwards temperatures could reach 20, 21, quite possibly 22. "Across southern and eastern areas we’re more likely to see some sunshine and clearer skies in the afternoon." At the start of the bank holiday on Friday, Weather forecaster WXCharts has predicted highs of 18C in the south, 17C in the midlands and 15C in Scotland. It has forecast very little rain over the weekend.