The one and only televised debate between the pair was something of a marathon lasting over two hours and forty-five minutes in which Marine Le Pen significantly improved from her performance of 5 years ago. However, the debate appeared more a game of “attack–defend”, says Fraser Myers, as both Mr Macron continually interrupted a flowing Ms Le Pen, and the National Rally leaders laid bare the incumbent’s failures over the last five years.  Mr Myers believes the economy is one of the most important, in particular as the cost of living crisis hits hard across the whole of Europe. He warned aside from a few pledges, there was no concrete blueprint of just how each candidate would improve the French economy. He said: “Le Pen pressed home the cost-of-living crisis. But aside from offering various tax cuts to lessen the immediate squeeze, and criticising some of Macron’s reforms, she is not promising a great deal of structural change.” “The overriding vision she presented last night was one of protectionism – France first. “But Macron is no free-trade enthusiast, either. It is just he prefers his protectionism at the EU level. “His vision for the EU is usually summed up with the buzzword ‘strategic autonomy’, which is really just a polite, technocratic way of arguing for regional protectionism.”  Next was the ongoing debate over climate change, the environment and energy. During the debate, Ms Le Pen labelled Mr Macron as a “climate hypocrite” as she laid out her plans to introduce hydrogen-based energy to France, something the current president laughed off due to the infrastructure and time required to fulfil such ambitions. Mr Myers, writing in Spiked! Online, said that it was not clear that either candidate had a positive plan that French voters can latch onto. He accused the rivals of both lacking a "compelling, positive vision for France" and said both are "products of the French establishment’s political exhaustion". Indeed, this is the second time Mr Macron is running for President, and for Ms Le Pen, she is hoping it will be third time lucky. READ MORE:Macron trying to cast Le Pen as 'enemy' to France's role in Europe  Since the disastrous performance by former president Francois Hollande, the left Socialist Party has all but collapsed. Far-left candidate, Jean Luc Melenchon posed a minor threat to the status quo coming third having proven to be highly popular with younger voters.  DON'T MISS:Russia in desperate bid to sidestep US as ruble collapses [REPORT]Tories pay for ads attacking MP who was defeated in 2019 [REVEAL]Dog sniffs out coins worth £6,000 on his first walk [INSIGHT] Both Macron and Le Pen will now attempt to convince Mr Melenchon’s 20 percent of the electorate to swing towards the right, the question is, how far are they willing to travel along the political spectrum? Current polls put Macron ahead by 55-45, but some experts are predicting a surprise result. 