Below Deck’s Sailing Yacht spin-off has already been filled with tons of drama and it shows no signs of slowing down. Onboard the Parsifal III, guest Charles Sanders rubbed the crew members up the wrong way and after receiving backlash from viewers, the star hit back at fans.  Below Deck Sailing Yacht gave fans a major insight into the luxury superyacht as it sailed through the waters of the Ionian Sea. The reality series also showed the immense drama which goes on as the young crew members serve their affluent guests. As well as tending to the sometimes demanding charter guests, the crew members also come face to face with drama among each other. However, instead of an annoying member of the team receiving backlash from viewers, it was charter guest Charles Sanders, a personal injury attorney. READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts While on the yacht Charles complained his breakfast omelette was “disgusting” even though the other guests enjoyed their food and complimented the meal. He stated: “It's not good, McDonald's is better than this, you don't put sweet sauce on steak. “So now I feel like I'm losing money by sitting here and looking at this disgusting food, I think it was inedible.” Captain Glenn Shephard heard him out and assured him dinner would be better.  During a confessional scene, the Captain said: “If a guest has a legitimate complaint, of course I wanna hear about it. “But who comes on a luxury yacht and says it's not as good as McDonald's, show some class.” Charles’ comments also rubbed the crew members up the wrong way and fans agreed with their reactions as many claimed it was “unnecessary.” After receiving a ton of backlash for his reaction to his meal during the breakfast service, the attorney explained his outburst. DON'T MISS...Carole Malone erupts in firey election debate over Partygate row [NEWS]Below Deck backlash as Down Under stewardess serves microwaved coffee [REACTION]Below Deck Med's inundated with co-star messages as she marries beau [INSIGHT] He stated: “I think people reacted negatively to me because I made a bit of a scene, which at the time I thought would be funny. “The aftermath has been challenging to say the least and I definitely didn’t mean to offend anyone.” Charles also confessed he “dramatised” his reaction for the reality show and claimed it was “fun” to play an angry role. His wife, reality star turned attorney Erica Rose, also defended his actions during an interview with Monsters and Critics. She disclosed: “He said he was acting, he was a theatre major in college and he was just having fun. “It was not scripted, and no one handed him a script. No one told him to do or say anything. He felt like it was his job, even though we aren’t paid to be there. “But in the moment, he felt like it was his job to be entertaining and over-the-top.” The couple were already in hot water with the crew for leaving a tip of $6,500, which fans learned was the lowest tip in the entire franchise’s history and they were labelled the “worst charter guests.” Below Deck Sailing Yacht is available on Bravo in the US and available on Hayu in the UK. 