Sir Roger Gale has revealed he walked out three minutes into Boris Johnson's meeting with the Conservative backbench 1992 Committee amid an attempt by the Prime Minister to shore up support amongst his party. Sir Roger told Sky News: "I will be very frank with you. I stayed for three minutes and left. "I didn't storm out in a huff, I found the tone of the meeting from the very beginning, shall we say very different from the tone in the House of Commons. "I had gone expecting a serious meeting about serious issues. "I didn't expect a lot of bluster and pantomime performance and I'm afraid that's what I heard."  Kay Burley asked him: "Do you think he just doesn't take it seriously enough?" "I think you can say that yes," replied the Tory grandee. It comes after the Prime Minister apologised 35 times in less than two hours during his first appearance in the Commons after being fined over a Downing Street party. Mr Johnson apologised twice in his opening statement, and repeated the apology to 33 MPs who questioned him about partygate.  Labour, however, is set to table a motion calling for him to be referred to the Commons Privileges Committee for a vote by MPs on Thursday. Deputy leader Angela Rayner said the Prime Minister had crossed a "red line" and should go for the sake of the integrity of the democratic process in the UK. She told Sky News: "We need a Prime Minister people have trust and confidence in. "It is a red line - if the Prime Minister of this country believes they can break the ministerial code, lie to the British public and get away with it, then frankly all bets are off for our rules and democratic process. Don't miss:Should Boris stay and fight Partygate claims or go to India? [POLL]PMQs LIVE: 'Not worthy' Senior Tory MP turns on Boris [REVEAL]Boris Johnson has 'damaged' Tories’ brand as local elections loom [ANALYSIS] "This Prime Minister thinks the rules don't apply to him and that is reckless and dangerous. "Nobody is indispensable and nobody is above the law in this country." Mr Johnson's trade mission to India means he will miss the vote on Thursday. However, the Government looks unlikely to be defeated with little mood among Tory MPs to force a leadership crisis at home amid an international crisis over Ukraine.