Amid growing horror over alleged war crimes committed by Russia in Ukraine, Ms Truss announced that oligarchs including Andrey Guryev, a Russian fertiliser billionaire linked to Witanhurst, the UK’s second-largest private residence after Buckingham Palace, would be subject to sanctions. Talking about the six-point plan implemented by the UK against Russia, she wrote in the Telegraph: “We are delivering on his plan by strengthening Ukraine’s defence with next-generation anti-tank weapons, Javelin missiles and Starstreak anti-aircraft systems.  “We are working as one of the largest humanitarian donors to mobilise an international coalition. We have joined forces with our friends to apply huge economic pressure on Putin’s regime with sanctions and to isolate him on the world stage. “We are working to ensure Ukraine is in the strongest possible position at the negotiating table when Putin is serious about diplomacy. “And we are working to strengthen security and resilience across the Euro-Atlantic area.” At least 89 people have been killed, including four children, and 167 homes damaged in Kyiv since the beginning of the Russian invasion, Kyiv City State Administration wrote in a statement on a verified Telegram page on Wednesday.   Ms Truss continued: “But we must go further to cripple Putin’s war machine through sanctions. “I am working with our G7 partners to crack down on more Russian banks and agree a clear timetable to eliminate our imports of Russian oil, gas and coal. “I am also encouraging them to join the UK in banning Russian ships from our ports and putting Russian gold beyond Putin’s reach.” The UK announcement came alongside similar measures from western allies including the EU, which has also banned imports of Russian coal. READ MORE: Desperate Russian claims US general captured destroyed by BBC expert  The US announced it was also imposing sanctions against Sberbank, Russia's largest bank, along with the UK. Washington said it would target two of Putin’s adult daughters, Maria Vorontsova and Katerina Tikhonova, with sanctions. The UK will impose asset freezes on Sberbank and Credit Bank of Moscow and put in place an outright ban on all new outward investment in Russia, which was worth £11bn in 2020. Ms Truss said: “Of course, the world won’t simply follow the West, so we must show them that free democracies offer a better alternative as honest and reliable partners – from trade and investment to technology and defence. “For NATO to remain at the vanguard of global security, it must be bold. As President Eisenhower, the alliance’s first supreme commander, said: ‘History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.’ DON'T MISS:Putin’s focus may now turn to Donbas, says retired air vice-marshalBritain to be lashed with 4cm snow as bitter -5C cold snap returns Biden gaffe leaves White House reeling “In that spirit, we must show our collective readiness to rise to the challenge. Putin is not just imperilling Ukraine but the security of Europe and the wider world. “We need to be decisive, determined and dogged to end his brutal war. Together, we will ensure that Ukraine prevails. Ultimately, this is how we will secure a safer, more peaceful world.” 