From Saturday April 23, many parts of the UK will see showers, with rain concentrated on the Scotland-England border by the following Monday. As the week wears on, the accumulated precipitation will climb, reaching just shy of 4cm in the southern parts of Scotland and the northeastern tip of England. Across the east and south-east, the figure will be closer to 35mm of total rainfall, dropping to 20mm for the southwest of England and 25mm in the Plymouth area. The Midlands will see lighter showers, and the central-eastern region of England will escape largely unscathed from the heaviest of rain. Across Wales, the numbers vary between 21mm and 29mm of total accumulated precipitation, and the highlands of Scotland will stay relatively dry compared to the rest of the UK. Jim Dale, senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, warned that “far more” downpours would hit the UK in the wake of the warm Easter bank holiday weekend. Mr Dale predicted that a “new frontal system” coming in from the west would set the trend for a rainy end to a “pleasant” April. He foresees that the “largely settled” and “uneventful weather” of the bank holiday weekend “won’t last forever”. Within this, there could be “extremes” of weather conditions, such as rainfall. He told Express.co.uk that the “cool Atlantic airstream” could bring “even thunder-type showers” to UK shores, moving inland as the days wear on. READ MORE: Park boss hires 5 chefs from India over staff crisis With “temperatures tapering off”, the rain will come with “no heatwaves”, with hot, sunny spells not seen in the UK “for the rest of April”. From this weekend, “thickening” cloud in the far south of the UK will see rain in the region, the Met Office predicted. Heading towards May, they predict that the rain is “looking to shift northwards with time”. This will keep both the northeastern and northwestern regions “driest for the longest” after the warm Easter weekend. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Fishing row erupts as Falklands hammered by tariffs [LIVE] Covid hotspots mapped: 12 UK counties reporting staggering case levels [MAP] Was Archbishop Justin Welby right to interfere in Rwanda row? RESULTS [REVEAL] The start of the week could bring “slightly higher” temperatures, but this will likely “decrease over the subsequent days” towards the weekend. They suggest rainfall may come in “more organised bands”, with early May heralding “unsettled weather” and “outbreaks of rain” concentrated in the south. Ahead of the weekend, Tuesday, April 19 should “see further scattered showers across Northern Ireland and Scotland”, BBC Weather reports. The rest of the country will see “mostly fair conditions”, and the showers in Scotland and Northern Ireland will tail off in the afternoon. With Wednesday set to be fair across the UK, Thursday will likely see rain “move in from the east” and target the north of England and Scotland before disappearing in the evening.