This year Ramadan will begin on Saturday, April 2, and will mark the start of the ninth month in the Islamic calendar. During this time, billions of Muslims observe fasting to commemorate the occasion - but this entails more than just sacrificing the liberty to eat and drink at any time of the day. Several luxuries are limited during Ramadan to focus the body and mind, but what exactly is off-limits during the fasting period? Is kissing ever allowed? As one of the five pillars of Islam, fasting during the month of Ramadan is mandatory for all healthy adult Muslims. According to the charity Muslim Hands, the reason Muslims fast during this holy month is to demonstrate their submission and devotion to Allah. The charity said: “The main purpose of fasting is to increase our piety or consciousness of Allah “Fasting is ultimately a reiteration of our submission to Allah and a shield from displeasing Him.” READ MORE: Ramadan Mubarak: What does Ramadan Mubarak mean and how do you reply?   Fasting during Ramadan means abstinence from all food or drink including water, from sunrise to sunset, but what else is forbidden? Even small products like chewing gum and toothpaste are “disliked” for a fasting person, as this is viewed as eating. Many people also view the use of eye drops during the fast as poor judgement and prefer them to be used either just before dawn or straight after sunset instead. Some physical contact is off the cards during the fasting window too. On their website, Muslim Hands states that “kissing or having sexual contact with their spouse” is also unacceptable for Muslims who observe Ramadan, though this is only the case if there is “a fear of desire”. Natural urges must only be filled once the sun has set each day in order to avoid breaking the fast, so it is generally okay for Muslims to hug and kiss their partners during Ramadan when they are not fasting. While martial sex is okay between sunset and sunrise, Islam doesn’t approve of extra-marital sexual relationships and people should abstain from these during Ramadan if they are already engaged in one. Though these rules may sound rigid, it is believed that abiding by them will lead to greater "taw", which means consciousness of God. DON'T MISS:New social media scam offers free Cadbury's chocolate - beware [INSIGHT]Ramadan crescent moon sighting: What does it mean? [REVEAL]Ramadan 2022 full guide: Key dates, fasting guidance and teachings [ANALYSIS] Even though food and drink are the main limitations in daylight hours, things like showering and brushing your teeth are also a grey area. While you can brush your teeth outside during the fasting hours, you must not swallow the water. The same goes for showering, bathing or swimming during the day too. According to Muslim Hands, you won’t break your fast by doing the following: The act of fasting is meant to remind Muslims of the less fortunate and to reinforce the need to be thankful and compassionate. Muslim Hands states that: “All adult Muslims of sound mind are required to fast in Ramadan”, though some people are exempt from this act of faith. The charity states that groups who are exempt from fasting include: 