Christian Horner claims he doesn't know whether stealing Mercedes staff had had any effect on the Silver Arrows. Mercedes have struggled for pace in 2022 with Lewis Hamilton and George Russell unable to challenge the Red Bulls or Ferraris. The team already lie 40 points behind Ferrari with Hamilton almost 30 points behind Charles Leclerc in the drivers’ standings. Meanwhile, Red Bull are F1 title contenders for the second successive year after Max Verstappen won in Saudi Arabia. Speaking to Sky Sports F1, he said: “I have no idea. We're looking to bring in the best people, and we've recruited people from Mercedes, from all the other manufacturers, as well as many manufacturers outside of Formula 1. "What we're really focused on here is a real hub of technical excellence, both on the chassis and the power unit side, and seeing that come together and facilities like that helps." Red Bull chief Helmut Marko publicly commented on the shortages earlier this week. The 78-year-old claimed the changes would have created "some difficulties” for the German manufacturer. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton under threat as midfield target Mercedes scalp He said: “I think a loss of this size is not insignificant, it’s quite normal that it can create some difficulties. And just before that, Andy Cowell left.” Last year Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff claimed 100 staff in Mercedes' engine division had been approached by Red Bull. However, Wolff said only around 15 people had accepted roles with their rivals. He added: “I think it’s pretty obvious [that] if you want to set up an engine factory in the UK, there is only one and that’s us. We have 900 or so employees there and if you’re fishing out 15 of these or so, it’s really normal. DON'T MISSMercedes have doubts Lewis Hamilton's car is 'fast enough' [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton car a 'bucking bronco' as Red Bull plan not working [INSIGHT]F1 chief Rob Smedley eases Lewis Hamilton fears with clear warning [ANALYSIS] “But they went mainly after manufacturing staff, so I guess it’s not performance; they want to build up the company. But credit to the project, it’s a Mount Everest to climb and I’d like to have a fight with Red Bull power units.” Despite Red Bull’s move, Marko is still not convinced Mercedes are completely dead and buried in the title push. Marko explained: “Mercedes is no longer able to turn a knob and immediately stage a party. But the team is broadly positioned and it is also staffed with really top people in the chassis area. "I'm fully convinced they'll be back if they get the bouncing under control. And Lewis Hamilton is nine points behind Verstappen, so that's nothing either.”