Sharon Osbourne made her TV comeback on Monday with her new chat show The Talk UK. The former X Factor judge was reunited with her pal Piers Morgan as they both launched their TalkTV programmes. However, it has since been revealed Sharon will be absent from her show after her husband Ozzy, who has Parkinson's disease, contracted COVID-19. Speaking in a new interview, Sharon broke down in tears as she explained she had to fly back to America to be with Ozzy. She explained the Black Sabbath singer had fallen ill overnight, meaning she won't be there to present her hour-long talk show. "Ozzy was only diagnosed in the middle of the night our time," Sharon emotionally explained. "I spoke to him and he's OK. I am very worried about Ozzy right now." READ MORE: Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' Sharon went on to explain they have gone two years without Ozzy catching Covid. She added she will "hold and kiss him" when they are finally reunited. "My family is my life," Sharon added to The Sun. "I can't believe my luck. I'm missing the show and I've only been there three days." Despite missing her show, the TV presenter insisted she would be back next week as soon as Ozzy tests negative. Sharon made her debut on Monday in her first TV appearance since leaving American show The Talk last year. The mum of three came under fire after she supported Piers Morgan's comments about Meghan Markle. Piers sparked a backlash from viewers after he clashed with his former Good Morning Britain co-star Alex Beresford about the Duchess of Sussex's mental health. DON'T MISS... 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry [VIDEO]Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles speaks out on co-star's replacement [INSIGHT] However, Sharon sparked further controversy when she tweeted a message of support to Piers at the time. She also came under criticism from The Talk fans when her co-host Sheryl Underwood accused her of giving “validation” to “racist” views in an episode which aired on March 10, 2021. Speaking to Piers on his show Uncensored on Wednesday night, Sharon admitted she received death threats and abuse during that time. "I never thought in my wildest dreams that my career after 50 years would have ended that way," she told the host. Sharon continued: "I must have cried for three months, never stopped crying. Some of the comments that were coming through on my social media were so horrific about cutting my throat, my husband's, even the dogs, they wanted to kill my dogs. "And then they started on Ozzy, and I just sort of [thought], 'This is just insanity.' "Did I want my legacy for my family to be, 'Oh, well, your nana was on television, but everybody said she was racist, so she never went on television again?' That kind of ate me up." The Talk airs from Monday to Thursday at 9pm on TalkTV.