Tyson Fury has reportedly agreed to take on UFC champion Francis Ngannou in a hybrid fight following his victory over Dillian Whyte on Saturday night. But Floyd Mayweather’s comments after defeating MMA fighter Conor McGregor in the boxing ring in 2017 could serve as a warning to the Gypsy King. Fury looked assured throughout his encounter at Wembley Stadium as he floored Whyte in the sixth round before the fight was brought to a halt. He then suggested he would retire from the sport. But current UFC heavyweight world champion Ngannou joined Fury in the ring and it was reported the duo would go head-to-head in a crossover fight. Mayweather got in the ring with McGregor in Las Vegas for their hotly-anticipated bout and was outboxed for the first three rounds. But the American finally overpowered his opponent as he forced a 10-round stoppage. And following the clash, Mayweather admitted he was “shocked” by what McGregor had offered in the ring. “He’s a hell of a fighter standing up,” Mayweather said. “It kind of shocked me. He’s a very awkward opponent and he’s a tough competitor. He was taking it.”   “He’s real awkward – very, very awkward guy, jumping around, shooting from different positions, jumping around my back. My job was to keep my composure, keep coming straight ahead, push him, press him and then get the knockout.” McGregor clearly surprised the boxing world with his skillset in the ring. And that could mean Ngannou would provide Fury with a bigger test than some people would expect. But Fury would surely only get back in the ring if he still feels he has something to prove after telling fans at Wembley that he could be ready to quit the sport. DON'T MISSTommy Fury batters Daniel Bocianski to pulp but fails to fulfil Jake Paul knockout requestTyson Fury next opponent: Who will Gypsy King fight after Dillian WhyteTyson Fury's wife appears unfazed by 'cheater' confession – 'Had sex with 500 women'   “I got offered to Wembley at home and I believed I owed it to the fans and to every person in the United Kingdom to come here and fight at Wembley,” Fury said. “Now it's all done, I have to be a man of my word and I think this is it. This might be the final curtain for the Gypsy King. And what a way to go out. A big thank you to the United Kingdom.” “I'm overwhelmed with the support. I can't believe my 94,000 countrymen and women came here tonight to see me perform. I want to say from the bottom of my heart, thank you so much to every single person who bought a ticket in here tonight or stayed up late to watch it on TV.” 