Armed forces minister James Heappey has warned Russia is ramping up its military offensive in hopes of claiming victory by May 9. He revealed that President Vladimir Putin is set to lose "thousands more" soldiers if he pushes ahead with plans. Russia's defence ministry said its missiles destroyed six facilities powering the railways that were used to deliver foreign weapons to Ukrainian forces in the eastern Donbas region. Speaking to Sky News, Mr Heappey said: "The Russian plan has been defined by incredibly hubris, massive political interference in military plan-making and we're seeing exactly the same now. "There is pressure from Moscow to deliver a victory by May 9 so that Putin can have a nice parade through Red Square. "Even though that makes no military sense. "The weather in the Donbas over the last week or so has been absolutely awful so driving the Russian army to launch an offensive now simply so Putin can have a nice day in the sun on May 9 is just going to cost Russia thousands more lives. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: 'Real risk of nuclear war' Kremlin horror warning "Now if you're on the side of the Ukrainians and you want the Ukrainians to succeed in defending their territory that Russian hubris is a massive advantage for Ukraine." It comes as Russia's foreign minister told the world not to underestimate the considerable risks of nuclear conflict, and NATO's supply of weapons to Ukraine "in essence" meant that the Western alliance was engaged in a proxy war with Russia. Interviewed by Russian state television, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov was asked about the importance of avoiding World War Three and whether the current situation was comparable to the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis. "The risks now are considerable," Lavrov said according to a transcript of the interview on the ministry's website. "I would not want to elevate those risks artificially. Many would like that. The danger is serious, real. And we must not underestimate it." Ukraine's Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said he regarded Russia's scaremongering as a sign of weakness. Russia had lost its "last hope to scare the world off supporting Ukraine," Kuleba wrote on Twitter after Lavrov's interview. "This only means Moscow senses defeat." During a visit to Kyiv on Sunday, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised more military aid for Ukraine. DON'T MISS 'Vile and cynical lies' Putin slammed over Moskva cover-up [VIDEO]Putin seen with ‘hand and leg tremors’ amid mystery illness rumours [INSIGHT]Forget Satan 2! US £157bn project can wipe out Putin's missile [ANALYSIS] The US State Department on Monday used an emergency declaration to approve the potential sale of $165 million worth of ammunition to Ukraine. The Pentagon said the package could include artillery ammunition for howitzers, tanks and grenade launchers. Moscow's ambassador to Washington told the United States to halt shipments, warning Western weapons were inflaming the conflict. Lavrov said: "NATO, in essence, is engaged in a war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy. War means war." Russia's two-month-old invasion of Ukraine, the biggest attack on a European state since 1945, has left thousands dead or injured, reduced towns and cities to rubble, and forced over 5 million people to flee abroad.