The Earl and Countess of Wessex are currently on a week-long tour of the Caribbean in honour of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, which will take place over the first weekend of June. Today, the royal couple are in Soufriere, Saint Lucia, where they have visited the Fond Doux Cocoa Plantation. For the occasion, Sophie opted for a summery, laidback outfit of shirt and trousers. Her shirt was green and decorated with multicoloured leaves. It also featured a frilled collar and sleeve cuffs. The Countess paired this with a slim pair of white trousers and matching white espadrilles. READ MORE: Highly effective’ way to kill patio weeds with 29p cooking staple  A good choice for a warm day, the espadrilles completed the relaxed look. Sophie also carried a pair of large sunglasses. Her blonde locks were tied back in a low plaited bun and her make-up was minimal. Sophie’s brows were coloured-in and she donned mascara, light brown eyeshadow, and a subtle coral-coloured lip. DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton re-wears cream Alexander McQueen coat dress [PICTURES]Weight loss: How to burn 3,000 calories without exercising [EXPERT]Lawn care: ‘Easy’ and natural way to get rid of weeds - 'Just 3 steps' [GUIDE] As for jewellery, Sophie has worn the same bracelets every day thus far during the tour. However today, unlike the preceding days, she was not wearing her gold Halcyon bracelets on her left wrist. But, on her right wrist, she donned a thin gold chain bracelet and a white bead bracelet. Around her neck was a necklace she had seemingly not taken off since last night, when the royal couple attended a Duke Of Edinburgh Awards ceremony at the Prime Minister’s residence in Castries. The necklace pays homage to iconic singing legend Bob Marley as it featured a pendant with his lyrics engraved in the gold: “Love the life.” This piece, in turn, pays tribute to the Caribbean and its people as, although born in Jamaica, Bob Marley is still loved and remembered by all across the archipelago – and the world. This pendant necklace is from jewellery brand Cassandra Goad and is on sale for a whopping £795. Last night, Sophie paired the necklace with blue drop earrings, whereas today she wore a small pair of gold hoops. Sophie’s outfit today was different to the looks she has so far donned in the Caribbean. The Countess has a penchant for floral dresses and these have been making many appearances during the tour. For the Duke of Edinburgh Awards yesterday, Sophie wore a £250 midi tea dress made from recycled fabrics and decorated with a floral silhouette pattern. This dress was from British brand Me + Em, which was founded by Clare Hornby in 2007 and is a favourite among royal women.