Manchester United director John Murtough heralded Bruno Fernandes’ “work-rate, dedication, and fantastic attitude” after he signed a new four-year contract at the club. The Portuguese ace has contributed a staggering 35 goals and 24 assists in 78 Premier League appearances for the Reds. His goals and assists from midfield have been pivotal for the Reds, ever since he arrived from Sporting Lisbon for £47m in the 2020 January transfer window. While he had already amassed an impressive reputation, he has entrenched himself as one of the finest midfielder in the division. Moreover, his brace in Portugal’s recent 2-0 home victory against North Macedonia ensured a place in the 2022 World Cup in Qatar for the 2016 European Champions. While the 27-year-old is arguably enduring his toughest season at Old Trafford, he has till managed to register nine goals and six assists in 27 Premier League appearances on the red side of Manchester. He will be central to Ralf Rangnick’s side’s final efforts to finish in the top four and qualify for next season’s Champions League. And while Fernandes will likely have a huge say in United’s performances in their final nine league matches, Murtough was keen to look beyond the current campaign. JUST IN: West Ham's Manuel Lanzini survives 'car crash' as firefighters called “Everyone is well aware of Bruno’s importance to Manchester United,” Murtough said in a statement. “His goals and assists record is phenomenal and he has performed remarkably consistently since he joined the Club “Bruno’s work-rate, dedication and fantastic attitude are exactly what we want from a Manchester United player. He is the ultimate professional with many fantastic attributes to drive the high standards required to play for this great Club. DON'T MISS...Philippe Coutinho 'not even contemplating' Newcastle move18,000 sign petition to stop Ricketts family buying ChelseaArsenal receive Nunez transfer boost as Benfica slash price in half “Bruno, like everyone across the Football Club, remains hugely ambitious and determined to deliver sustained success on the pitch to get us back to challenging for titles.” Fernandes’ new deal will run until the summer of 2026 where he will likely enter the final years of his career. “From the moment that I joined Manchester United I have had a special relationship with the Club and our amazing fans. I grew up watching this team dreaming of getting the chance to play here one day,” the Portuguese maestro added. “That dream is now a reality and an honour. Even after two years, it still feels amazing to step out at Old Trafford, to hear the fans sing my song and to score in front of the Stretford End. It is a true privilege to wear this shirt and to fight for our incredible Club. “There is so much more that I want to achieve here, and I know that is the same for the rest of the squad and staff. More than anything, we want to give the fans the success that they deserve. We have shared some great moments over the last years, but the best is yet to come from myself and this team.”