Express Sport takes a look at four talking points that slipped under the radar during the Australian Grand Prix, in which Charles Leclerc emerged victorious to move 34 points clear at the top of the Drivers' Championship. After the heartbreak of Abu Dhabi where Lewis Hamilton was denied the title after a late-race safety car it seems similar incidents have followed the Briton. Hamilton could have scored more points in Jeddah but was unable to pit under the virtual safety car as the pit lane was closed. The seven-time champion was caught out again in Melbourne after he lost positions behind the safety car to his own team-mate. George Russell had stayed out later than many of the cars around him as the safety car was called. As all the other cars were going slowly he could pit in just 12 seconds instead of 19 and come out in third. Hamilton was shocked on team radio and joked that he seemed cursed when it came to losing out on positions. He said: “Does that mean I have lost a position? Jeez, I am unlucky with safety cars.” READ MORE: Verstappen suffers disaster as Leclerc wins and Russell beats Hamilton Mick Schumacher was almost caught out at the safety car restart in Melbourne, coming within inches of crashing into the back of Yuki Tsunoda. The Japanese driver slowed on the main straight just as the German accelerated to warm up his tyres. It caught the Haas star unaware and he needed lighting reactions to ensure the Haas and AlphaTauri pair did not come together. Schumacher jumped on the radio seconds later stressing how dangerous the move was. He said: “Holy cow, that was close.” Australia's new track changes definitely increased the number of overtakes at Albert Park. However, the Haas of Kevin Magnussen took too much speed down the re-profiled back straight and almost collided with an AlphaTauri into turn nine. When asked if he was ok, he said: “Yeah, my bad, sorry.” Sky Sports F1 host Ted Kravitz is well known for his wild antics behind the scenes of a race paddock. To celebrate Daniel Ricciardo’s home race, the popular presenter was handed a show filled with alcohol. He duly delivered, sipping the beer from the shoe before claiming it was “quite tasty”.