St Blaise Town Council feared children would get unwell if they ate the daffs at Old Roselyon Play Area because they can be toxic. The authority, which covers the St Blazey area of Cornwall, won't replace the flowers for the same reason. But residents have reacted in fury at the decision, calling the council "crazy". Barry West, the chairman of the Roselyon Play Park Committee, said: "Are they going to put signs up saying don’t eat the daffodils next? This is totally bonkers. There have always been daffs in the park. "It used to be an old orchard and there must have been about 1,000 flowers. Most of them have now been cut down. And to say that it’s because they are toxic to children if they eat them is crazy." Speaking to Cornwall Live, the 60-year-old man added: "It was a former orchard and a place where generations of adults and children alike have walked through and enjoyed. Having the daffodils there was always a joy in the spring as it was again this year. It is uplifting and good for the mental health and well-being of the community, the elderly, the infirm, families, carers and children who enjoy the splash of colour and fragrance." He added: "The true beauty of flowers is that they can help us create deep connections, strengthening bonds with nature, family, friends, and the community spaces and people around us. All over Cornwall this year has been ablaze with the golden yellow from daffodils that brings warmth and a smile to all that see."  Mr West said he’s never heard of children eating the pretty yellow flowers. He added: "I’m just bewildered by their decision. This the craziest thing I have heard. Children don’t eat daffodils. The community will be really sad and disappointed when daffodils bring so much joy to so many. "The ivy growing along the wall is poisonous. Eating the rubber from the playpark climbing frame is poisonous. Where do you stop?"  One resident wrote online: "For me, it is ridiculous. Daffodils are wonderful to see." Another posted: "That's pathetic." A third wrote: "This is utter madness. If they’re so concerned for the health of children then don’t close their leisure centres and deny fast food companies the opportunity to operate down here." Dr Mark Evans, from the South West Health Protection Unit, said most people would recover without treatment if they would accidentally eat daffodils. He said: "Daffodils are toxic and severe vomiting and diarrhoea can occur if eaten by mistake. Although very unpleasant, most people will recover fully without treatment." St Blaise Town Council confirmed its decision to get rid of daffodils for health and safety reason saying it came after some recent play park inspection training. Town clerk Gaynor Mamo said: "After recent play inspection training we were advised not to have daffodils in play areas as all parts of the daffodil can be poisonous. "I brought this to the attention of the town council who said no more daffs should be planted but those that were there before the land was devolved to us would stay. "The daffs are sporadic over a grassed area and once the flowers have died the grass will be cut." 