When the Queen’s grandson Prince Harry married in 2018, the monarch conferred upon him the title of His Royal Highness The Duke of Sussex. As his wife, Meghan Markle was entitled to be known as Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Sussex, making her the first person in British royal history to ever hold the title officially. Express.co.uk looks back at the history of the Sussex title.  The Queen has traditionally awarded senior members of the Royal Family a new royal title when they have tied the knot. When Prince William married Kate Middleton in 2011, he was granted the Dukedom of Cambridge by the Queen. Other vacant dukedoms the Queen could have picked from for Harry include Clarence, Connaught, Kendal, Ross, and Windsor.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'underestimated' life without royal platform The Duke of Sussex title has only been created twice, with the second time being for Prince Harry in 2018. The first Duke of Sussex was Prince Augustus Frederick, a son of King George III and his wife Queen Charlotte. The previous Duke of Sussex was known for his progressive views, having supported the abolition of the slave trade and political reform.   He also famously walked Queen Victoria down the aisle when she married Prince Albert in 1840. He was married twice, first to Lady Augusta Murray and then to Lady Cecilia Underwood. But neither of these women were ever officially titled the Duchess of Sussex as both marriages were considered in contravention of the Royal Marriages Act of 1772. The Royal Marriages Act stipulated the provisions for members of the Royal Family to get married, and royals needed permission from the reigning monarch to marry.  DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan 'tried to enforce' royal tour rules in The Hague stay [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'going nowhere' as royals left 'scrambling' for deals [ANALYSIS]Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan 'stunned' by 'shut door' [LIVE] The Duke’s first marriage was annulled, and his second wife was never recognised as the Duchess of Sussex. But Queen Victoria did eventually grant Lady Cecilia the title of Duchess of Inverness in her own right. Prince Augustus Frederick had two children with his first wife, including a son, Sir Augustus d’Este. But he was ineligible to claim the Dukedom of Sussex after his father’s death as his parents’ marriage had been considered void, meaning the title was reabsorbed by the Crown and left vacant until Prince Harry took it up in 2018. 