Property finder company, Garrington’s, recently published its marketing report for the best places to live in Wales, Scotland and England in 2022. The property market has changed drastically in the last two years, with more and more escaping to the coast or countryside after the pandemic resulted in many working from home permanently. Homebuyers are also in search of more indoor and outdoor space, such as the addition of a home office or bigger garden. According to Garrington’s research report, the historical city of Bath retained its number one position in 2022, with the city offering lots of shopping areas, restaurants as well as green space. In Bath, the average property price is £550,423, with the majority of sales during the last year being terraced homes. The seaside town of Kidwelly in Carmarthenshire was ranked in fifth position the Lancashire village of Caton. READ MORE: Simple, effective and cheap way to kill garden weeds using cardboard The Welsh town of Kidwelly boasts a castle, one of the finest preserved Normal castles in the country. Its current population is around 3,000, with some 30,000 tourists visiting annually. The area is a great mix of rolling countryside, seashore and woodland. In last year’s research report, it ranked 166. DON'T MISS:UK house prices hit new record in ‘spring frenzy’ [EXPLAINER]‘Indestructible’ garden plants which will ‘thrive’ on their own [COMMENT]Phil Spencer shares budget home improvements - ‘not expensive’ [INSIGHT] The report ranked various towns and villages on 12 measures that covered four categories, including physical environment, quality of living, architecture and going green. Kidwelly ranked the highest in the quality of living category. Homebuyers can expect to pay an average property price of £211,267, according to Rightmove. Although the town was the only Welsh area to make it into the top 10 best places to live, the report also showed the best places to live in Wales. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea In second place was Tenby in Pembrokeshire, which ranked the highest in the going green category. The harbour town is known for its town walls and stretches of sandy shoreline, including Castle Beach. Attracting thousands of tourists each year, the town boasts boutique shops as well as brilliant pubs and restaurants. The average property price currently stands at £272,359 in Tenby. In third place was the Meirionnydd town of Porthmadog in Gwynedd which ranked high in the quality of living category. In fourth place was Barmouth, a seaside town and community in the county of Gwynedd. The area ranked high for green living and homes in the area are less than £350,000. Other popular places to live in Wales included Cardigan, Llandudno, Abergavenny, Brecon, Blaenavon and Glanamman. In England, Lyme Regis came second as the best place to live, ranking high for all categories. The seaside town was followed by Salisbury, the medieval cathedral city in the country of Wiltshire.