High cholesterol means you have too much of a waxy substance called cholesterol in your blood. This fatty deposit can wreak havoc in your arteries, narrowing them and putting you at a greater risk of heart disease. Fortunately, consuming the right kinds of food particularly in the morning can set yourself up nicely to begin lowering your levels and significantly reducing your risk of serious health consequences. If you have high cholesterol, you’ve likely heard how important a healthy diet is to help lower it. According to the NHS, high cholesterol affects more than 40 percent of people in the UK. While an unhealthy diet rich in saturated fats can set the condition off, the opposite can help undo the damage. READ MORE: Long Covid: Sicca syndrome is a symptom affecting both the eyes and mouth According to Healthline, best breakfast ideas for those suffering with high cholesterol include:  If your diet contains little other cholesterol, according to some studies, eating up to an egg a day might be an OK choice. If you like eggs but don't want the cholesterol, use only the egg whites. Egg whites contain no cholesterol but still contain protein. Packed with fibre, oats have been well-researched for their cholesterol-lowering benefits. There are different types of fibre, with oats containing so-called beta glucan, Heart UK explains. Eating just three grams of beta glucan on a daily basis can help lower your levels. The reason why is this fibre type’s ability to form a gel-like substance which binds to cholesterol-rich bile acids in your intestines. Ellouise Simpson, dietitian at City Dietitians said: “To help lower your cholesterol, you are advised to adopt a heart-healthy diet by cutting down on saturated fat, eating plenty of fruit and vegetables, staying physically active and maintaining a healthy weight. “Avocados are a nutrient-dense fruit, rich in monounsaturated fats, which are a form of unsaturated fat, and contain a good source of fibre. “Opting for unsaturated fats in place of saturated fats helps to reduce the amount of cholesterol in the blood and decreases the amount of low-density lipoproteins (LDL) or bad cholesterol circulating in your bloodstream.”