The programme saw the singer island-hopping around the jewels of the Caribbean, starting with Barbados. During the opening episode of the Channel 5 series, Jane, 59, confessed she can see why so many people make the island their home as she admitted she was "falling in love" with the place. Holidaying with Jane McDonald followed Jane as the former cruise ship singer toured Barbados, St Lucia, Grenda and Antigua. Swapping her usual sea adventures for island exploration, Jane experienced the best aspects each island had to offer. At one point during the first episode, Jane met with a tour guide called Dawn Lisa to get a glimpse into the hidden gems of Barbados. "Everybody's everybody in Barbados," Dawn explained as she drove Jane around and demonstrated how different people live amongst each other. READ MORE: MAFS Australia: Producers allegedly cut out key scenes from Domenica While soaking up the sunny views, Jane explained: "I can see why people, when they get here, think, 'I'm staying'." "Yeah, because you have everything you need, there's nothing you're missing," Dawn remarked. Passing glorious views, she continued: "And it's a very safe, laid-back life." "I must admit, I'm falling madly in love with this place," Jane shared as she drank in the scenery. "Are there quite a few celebrities that have houses here?" she asked the local. Dawn replied: "Yeah they do, they actually call Simon Cowell the local celebrity because he's always here!" Passing one house, she casually continued: "This one - I had a party here with Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon when they were still together." "Really? So you partied there with Mariah Carey?" Jane asked, surprised. DON'T MISS... Gogglebox fans blast 'dense' Baggs family debate 'What the f***' [REACTION]Mark Labbett left with head in hands over Chase player's blunder [VIDEO]Why isn't The One Show on BBC One tonight? [LATEST] "Yeah, I helped her to have a party, I think it was like her 40th birthday or something." Passing a bar, Dawn pointed it out and explained: "We come here for a nice rum." "Yeah, the rum here's really good isn't it?" Jane agreed as Dawn stated: "We created rum, of course it's good!" She concluded: "We love Barbados, I think for us it's because it's a balance of everything. "You can get the relaxation and then you can get a little bit of party and some fine dining when you want. "And then you can disappear when you want, that's just what makes the place special and unique." "It's amazing how everything looks so different at different stages of the island," Jane pointed out. Holidaying with Jane McDonald is available to watch on My5.