A study of Google Trends data was conducted by fabric experts Dalston Mill Fabrics. A spokesperson for Dalston Mill Fabrics commended the Duchess of Cambridge for her “stylish and timeless” looks, which are coveted by royal fans. The spokesperson said: “Kate has graced royal fans all over the world with her stylish and timeless dedication to fashion. “The Duchess forever radiates class and style which is something that never goes unnoticed by the public. It is inevitable the Duchess will continue providing iconic looks throughout the years just like she has executed so well since her marriage to Prince William in 2011.” Kate and Prince William tied the knot in 2011 at Westminster Abbey before travelling to Buckingham Palace for the much-celebrated kiss on the balcony. For the occasion, the Duchess of Cambridge wore an ivory and white satin gazar Alexander McQueen gown designed by Sarah Burton. The stunning dress featured a train that was nearly nine feet long and it is estimated to have cost £250,000, making it one of the most expensive dresses ever made. The iconic piece caused searches for Kate’s style to rise 2,524 percent above average, making it her most coveted outfit. The lace appliqué on the skirt and bodice of the dress was handmade by the Royal School of Needlework and dressmakers used a traditional technique dating back to the 1820s. Hand-cut lace flowers, including roses, thistle, daffodils, and shamrocks, were created individually and added onto ivory silk tulle to complete the piece. The iconic dress was paired with bridal shoes also designed by Sarah Burton for McQueen. READ MORE: Camilla could be ‘queen mother’ and Charles ‘grandfather of nation' They were made of ivory Duchesse satin with lace hand-embroidered. For her “something borrowed” for the day, Kate wore the Queen's Cartier Halo tiara The tiara was purchased by King George VI, Elizabeth's father, for the Queen Mother in 1936 and was later given to Elizabeth by the Queen Mother on her 18th birthday. The second most popular of Kate’s style choices was her Alexander McQueen tailored coat-dress she wore to her brother-in-law, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s wedding. The coat-style dress caused searches for the royal’s style to explode by 879 percent after the ceremony at St George’s Chapel in Windsor. DON'T MISS Charles copies Meghan! Future King branches out in world of social media [INSIGHT] Princess Anne hailed as royal shines on Papua New Guinea tour [REVEAL] Prince Andrew shuts down another business venture [REPORT] The Duchess had worn the dress on a previous occasion and Kate often re-wears classic staple pieces from her wardrobe over and over again – a feat that delights royal fans. Kate's dress that she wore during a visit from Barack and Michelle Obama is her third most influential dress. Kate wore a £200 dress from Reiss during a visit she and her husband Prince William received from Barack and Michelle Obama in London in May 2011. The dress is one of the most sought-after looks from the Duchess and caused searches for Kate’s style to explode 687 percent above average. The dress was so desired by the public that Reiss re-released the timeless dress for a limited time only releasing 600 units. Kate’s fourth most influential dress was worn during part of the Royal Tour of North America alongside William in July 2011. The dress designed by London-based designer Roksanda Ilincic was a grey-blue wool draped crepe dress. The ‘Periodt’ dress caused searches for her style to rocket 188 percent above average. At the time the dress cost £815 and the Duchess wore an extremely similar dress by the same designer in April 2014 to royal engagements in Ayer’s Rock, Australia. The fifth most influential dress of Kate’s was from the first time Prince William set eyes on his wife-to-be back in 2002 at a Charity Fashion Show in London. The Duchess modelled a see-through bandeau-style mini dress which was originally designed as a skirt. Searches for the dress increased 162 percent in March 2011 when the dress was later sold for £65,000.