The elderly woman parked her blue Hyundai in a bay and got out to post a letter yesterday at around 10.05am. However, the footage shows a man dressed in dark clothing spot her and climb into the driver's seat in Allerton, Liverpool. The woman rushes back to the Hyundai, opens the car door and reaches in to tackle the thief. At this point the car reverses, dragging the woman along the gutter and under the driver's door. After hitting the car parked behind it, the Hyundai drives away narrowly avoiding the pensioner who is now lying at the side of the road. Police were called to the scene, reports Liverpool Echo, but despite a search of the area, the vehicle could not be located. Somehow, the victim escaped without serious injury. Merseyside Police are now appealing for witness to the shocking incident to come forward. Inspector Paul Rannard said: "The theft of any vehicle is a despicable offence which has the potential to leave the rightful owner without means of getting to work, to shop and to enjoy their day to day lives. "It was only by sheer good fortune the victim was not injured during this incident and we're aware of video footage circulating online. I know that the vast majority of people in our community will be appalled when watching this and I urge them to help us trace the person responsible so that we can bring them to justice. "Anybody who was in the Booker Avenue area yesterday morning who witnessed anything or who has any information then please let us know. Similarly if you were driving in the area and have dashcam footage, please review it and let us know if you see a blue Hyundai being or anything or anyone suspicious. All information you hold could be vital to our enquiries." The officer added: "Finally I would urge everyone to be vigilant and lock your vehicle when parked so it can't be taken by opportunistic thieves. You can find more information and advice around stopping vehicle theft on our website." Anyone with information on this incident is asked to contact @MerPolCC on Twitter or 'Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook with reference 22000247479. You can also call 101 or Crimestoppers, anonymously on 0800 555 111, or their online form at: Give information | Crimestoppers (crimestoppers-uk.org). 