Under current UK law, British expats are prevented from voting in General Elections if they have lived abroad for more than 15 years. A new law that would scrap the ban has passed the committee stage in the House of Lords. The Conservative party has promised to scrap the law in election manifestos and may now be one step closer. An estimated three million Britons live and work abroad, including in EU countries such as Spain and Portugal. Harry Shindler, who has fought to scrap the law for 20 years, said: “I’ve been campaigning for this for the last 18 years. “And although it has to go back to the House of Commons, it’s now as good as a done deed. READ MORE: Manchester airport has ‘huge problems’ says Simon Calder “This is a historic moment and Britons all over the world will be celebrating.” However, not everyone agrees that British expats should be able to vote in elections held in the UK. Paul Scriven, a Liberal Democrat peer, said: “How would that be perceived as fair and a good platform for our electoral process? “People who have not lived here for 50 years will have the right to vote and influence Government policy, even though it does not directly affect them.” If the bill makes it into law, British expats would be able to vote in UK general elections despite living abroad The rules could be in place for the next scheduled General Election in 2024 if it is put in place. Expats would be able to apply for a postal vote or vote by proxy at the same time as renewing voter registration. British Ambassador in Spain, Hugh Elliott, said last year: “In an increasingly connected world, most British citizens living in Spain retain deep ties to the UK. “Many still have family there, worked there for many years, and some have even fought for our country.” Many British expats have faced law changes in recent years, particularly those living in the EU. Since Brexit, British citizens need a visa to live in the EU and can only stay there for 90 out of every 180 days without a visa. This has impacted some British expats who didn’t have residency for their country of choice.  Britons could be detained, fined or even banned from re-entering the EU if they break the 90 day rule. Some expats, often known as ‘swallows’, have campaigned for an extension to the 90 day rule. ‘Swallows’ are Britons who travel to Spain for the winter to avoid the cold season in the UK, often staying around six months. Under new rules, they can only stay in Spain for 90 days at a time unless they have applied for residency.