Liam Gallagher has taken to Twitter to send “big love” to Bonehead, 56, amid the news his Oasis bandmate is battling cancer. Liam wished Bonehead, real name Paul Arthurs, a “speedy recovery”. In view of his 3.5million followers, Liam wrote: “Sending BIG love to the 1 n only Bonehead and his family wishing you a speedy recovery we’re all thinking of you rasta you’ll be back on stage bfore you can say r we doing Colombia LG x”. Earlier in the day, Paul had explained the sad news on his Twitter account. He wrote: "Just to let you all know I'm going to be taking a break from playing for a while. I have been diagnosed with tonsil cancer. "But the good news is it's treatable and I will be starting a course of treatment soon. I will keep you posted how it is going." READ MORE: Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore He added: "I am gutted I am missing the gigs with Liam and the band. "Have the best summer and enjoy the gigs if you're going. I'll see you soon xxx." Paul was flooded with support from fans after announcing his health update. Matt Turner wrote: "So sorry to hear this Paul. Keep strong and i wish you a quickest recovery possible, everyone is with you". Erasure’s Andy Bell also commented on Bonehead’s Twitter post, writing: “Get well soon Bone.” Angela Redshaw penned: “We will always support you bonehead you’re a legend. I will pray for you always.” Nigel wrote: “No way man, my wife has just had two years of treatment/surgeries for bowel/liver/lung cancer. “She is in remission now and getting better so stay strong you can get through this and def not on your own! DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’Zoe Henry's gripe with husband Jeff Hordley's Cain Dingle - 'Fuming!'Johnny Depp says he was domestic violence victim amid text 'shame' Matt Turner added: “So sorry to hear this Paul. Keep strong and i wish you a quickest recovery possible, everyone is with you.” Paul earned the nickname of "Bonehead" when he was eight years old, because his parents had insisted his hair was cut very short. "It was only my mum and dad throughout my life, really, that called me Paul," he said, on the Humans of XS Manchester podcast. He first started up a band called the Rain with friends Paul "Guigsy" McGuigan, Tony McCarroll, and Chris Hutton in the late 1980s, while he was working as a building contractor. After Chris was sacked, he was replaced by Liam, who also brought his brother Noel into the fold to help with the songwriting. Rebranding as Oasis, the group found enormous success with songs including Champagne Supernova and Wonderwall. They sold millions of records worldwide and became one of the most successful UK acts of all time. In 2009 they disbanded after Noel's departure, but Bonehead had been touring with Liam across the UK.