The property located on Boundary Road in Ramsgate become drastically overtaken by shrubs, trees, and vines. Trapped beneath the thick nest of greenery are a boat, van and car. The out-of-control greenery has led to complaints from those living in neighbouring properties. A neighbour’s wall was destroyed by the creeping greenery, and they were forced to rebuild it. Community police officers and the fire brigade have been called to the property a few times. When asked, the occupant of the property was reportedly more than happy to trim back shoots that were creeping over onto someone else’s home.  One neighbour said: “The locals are aware of it, the PCSOs and the fire brigade have been around a few times. “The post office doesn’t even bother anymore, if they get anything for him they mark it all undeliverable. “I don’t understand how there is no responsibility for it, you have people walking up and down picking up litter.“ The neighbour added: “I’m left thinking seriously what is the point of that when you have this there. “It isn’t as bad as it was, it has been cut down a bit. But the front is completely overgrown.” READ MORE: Property: ‘Inexpensive’ way to ‘guarantee’ added house value Thanet District Council have reportedly struggled to engage with the owner of the property, however. Local residents said the owner of the home was an “enigma” and kept himself to himself. They have reportedly owned the overgrown property for 12 years, and the property has been in much the same condition. A neighbour called Ted said: "I just sometimes see him to say hello to. He gets in and out over the back. DON'T MISS POLL: Who should Britain be most worried about, Le Pen or Macron? [POLL] Russia state TV issues ominous death threat against Boris Johnson [REPORT] UK Covid infections MAPPED: Six areas have fewer than 50 Covid cases [MAP] “The house is definitely lived in, he doesn’t do a lot with it though. He leaves us alone so we leave him alone.” While Rena Reeves described her neighbour as "an enigma wrapped in a bush". She claims there was once a path leading to the property’s front door but this is now completely gone. She told the Sun: “The problem is when it starts affecting other people, you can live how you like until then. “Some of the vines have started going to the chimney of the other house, and if it gets into the brickwork that won’t be any good. However, the homeowner was defended by a friend who claimed despite their overgrown house, he is a “lovely man” who did “a lot for charity”. He was described as “always polite, well trimmed and dressed” and simply preferred using the back door to get in and out. A spokesman for Thanet District Council said they were “aware of the situation at the property” and that their Empty Homes Team has “attempted to engage with the owner on more than one occasion, unfortunately without success”. The spokesperson added: “A council inspector will be visiting the property to assess the current position and to determine whether we have recourse to any legal enforcement. “Our primary aim will be to bring the property back into residential use, it could provide a much needed home in this time of ever growing housing needs.”