Like yesterday, the Moon will spend the day in Capricorn, harmonising with Venus, Mercury, Neptune, Jupiter, and Pluto on its transit. Today it’s advised to embrace your ambitions and look for areas to expand and grow, as the energies this transit brings will work in your favour. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for April 22. Today, you might naturally feel more resolved, determined and goal-oriented than usual - yet also more attuned to your intuition. Cafe Astrology said: “There can be opportunities to add personal, creative, and imaginative touches to our projects and pursuits. Our judgment is sound, and practical matters are a significant focus.” These energies might spark a large inner change, so it’s important to listen to and follow your intuition on days like today. Tarot.com said: “With the focused Moon in Capricorn trining steadfast Mercury in Taurus, we can make great mental strides and concretely communicate our ideas.”  READ MORE: Royal horoscope: Meghan and Harry here for something 'very important'  Mercury is the planet of ideas, communication and the mind, and Taurus has a more sturdy and contemplative energy. Astrostyle said: “Taurus is the persistent provider of the zodiac, the sign that helps us seek security, enjoy earthly pleasures and get the job done.” “Ruled by the persistent and plodding Bull, Taurus energy has two speeds. It’s either relaxed and contented (like a steer luxuriating in a verdant pasture) or hyped-up and ready to charge.” While Mercury placements - like Mercury Retrograde - tend to send communication haywire, the Taurus energy tends to slow the communication pace down.  It might cause you to feel a lot more mellow, which will help you to deliver on any goals and ambitions you might be toying with today. When the Moon moves on to align with Neptune and Jupiter later in the day, creative inspiration and luck should increase. Tarot.com said: “We're better able to visualise and manifest our goals when the Moon dances with imaginative Neptune before she aligns with auspicious Jupiter, further increasing our luck and synchronicity.”  DON'T MISS: Star sign: Best dog for each star sign - 'perfect' compatibility [EXPLAINED]Prince Harry horoscope: Duke ‘trying’ to reconnect with Royal Family [INSIGHT]Vitamin D deficiency: Do you suffer from hair loss? The warning signs [ANALYSIS]    Finally, as the Moon ends the day conjoining with we transformational Pluto in Capricorn at 4.53pm BST, any blocks you might be facing should break down, heightening clarity and solidifying ambitions. The Moon is due to enter Aquarius on Friday, which will signal a sign to review, sort and tie up loose ends rather than start something new. Make the most of today’s motivating energy to work on your goals before the big review. 