Apparently they’re so angry about Boris and Priti’s plan to send illegal immigrants to Rwanda for processing that they’ve threatened to walk out. Where to I wonder – the front garden, the back garden, the pub, Waitrose? Because, in my view, that's where some of them must have been spending their days. That or stuck in front of the telly And that has been reflected in their pitiful inefficiency these last two years. Hell, the Home Office is so incompetent it can’t even push out a few visas for desperate Ukrainian refugees whose lives are in danger. It couldn’t do it for refugees fleeing Afghanistan either. In fact on the day Kabul was falling Sir Phillip Barton, the most senior foreign office official, stayed on holiday for 11 more days. So, if civil servants are taking their lead from those at the top it's no wonder that some of them might think it's okay to lounge around on the sofa  watching The Chase when they should be working. These idlers need to be told in no uncertain terms to get back to the office. It should also be made crystal clear that they have absolutely no say in Government policy. And if they don’t like that they should have their lazy backsides kicked off the gravy train (paid for by taxpayers) and told to take their meagre talents elsewhere. I know Boris gets blamed for everything – but this really is HIS fault. He shouldn’t be asking them to go back to work – he should be insisting as there’s now zero justification for them to work from home holding sheaf of government papers in one hand and a G&T in the other. Civil servants seem to have forgotten that WE pay their inflated salaries and for their gold plated pensions. We don’t care what their opinions are, we don’t care if they don’t like Boris’s Rwanda plan, we don’t care that they never wanted us to leave the EU even though they did their best to scupper Brexit. The British people and the Government are their masters. Hence the name – Civil SERVANTS. They exist to serve us. Yet the contempt they have for the electorate – which is largely in favour of the Rwandan scheme – is colossal. They’re haughty and imperious not just to us but to the government as well. They actually believe they’re in charge – and for years, they’ve been allowed to think that. Their union leaders even condemned attempts to persuade permanent secretaries back into the office as “vindictive.” How the Hell is it vindictive to ask people to get back to the office and do the job they’re paid (handsomely) to do. Covid has done much lasting damage to British society but one of the worst things its done is allowing people to imagine it’s their moral and legal entitlement to stay at home to do their job. It’s not. If the people who pay your wages want you back in the office – then you go. Or you get sacked. It really is as simple as that. But worse, these civil servants, who are openly defying cabinet ministers, are under the mistaken impression they can simply sink any Government policy they don’t like. Well enough! This Rwandan scheme cannot be allowed to fail because of Leftie Civil Servants. They tried to do for Brexit. They cannot be allowed to interfere with immigration policy. Because our immigration system is a complete and utter shambles. It encourages criminality and people to risk their lives and it needs to be reformed. Nothing and no one must stand in the way of that, especially uppity civil servants. Anyway, Rwanda isn’t some lawless hellhole. It’s a country that has been transformed by a massive economic boom. But even if that wasn’t the case it still isn’t up to bolshy civil servants to dictate ( or destroy) government policy. In 2020, Dominic Cummings put the wind up lazy, inefficient civil servants by promising a “hard rain”. But it never happened because he was got rid of. So, is there anyone left in Government with the guts to take on the idle mandarins?