Ukraine officials said on Saturday more than 30 villages and towns conquered by Russia during their invasion had been reclaimed and brought back under Ukrainian control. Reports have since emerged of the horrifying impact the Russian Army had on the invaded areas, with authorities and press on the ground claiming bodies of killed civilians had been left on the streets and mass graves were found. Ms Rudik called for Russia to be prosecuted for war crimes after seeing at least two mass graves and torture chambers whilst visiting the newly-liberated suburb of Bucha, some 22 miles northwest of Kyiv. Speaking to Times Radio, Ms Rudik said: "I've been to Bucha yesterday. And what I have seen there, I will never be able to forget. "So the dead bodies are on the sides of the road. Their hands are tied behind their backs. And their shot was a single wound in the back of their head. "There are burned bodies of women who were raped and then burned, and they too at least 15 children with them as human shields, hoping that the Ukrainian army will not be able to follow them. "There are at least two mass graves of civilian people whose bodies were thrown just into one place." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG She continued: "It was unbearable and impossible to believe this is happening in the peaceful suburb area, where people who live [there] did absolutely nothing wrong. "And what we have seen are rooms for torture that the Russians were using. "And again, for no reason – they would be torturing them why? To get what? "They had already taken the cities, they already had everything that they needed." READ MORE: 'We are ready' Ukraine weakens Putin’s energy stranglehold as it breaks Russian shackles The Ukrainian MP, who has remained in Kyiv throughout the conflict so far, insisted she had to visit Bucha because she wanted to be able to bear witness to what the Russian Army did in Ukraine. She said: "At some point, I want to be a witness in court. "I want to be [testifying] where Putin will be prosecuting, where all the people who committed those war crimes will be prosecuted. "I want a new Nuremberg process to be held, and I want to be there." DON'T MISS Putin humiliated as Britain refuses Russia's plan to boost economy [REVEAL] New mutant 'XE' Omicron variant could be most transmissible yet [REPORT] Germany humiliated after Russia avoids sanctions and 'sticks it to EU' [INSIGHT] At some point I want to be a witness in court. I want to be [testifying] where Putin will be prosecuting, where all the people who committed those war crimes will be prosecuted. I want a new Nuremberg process to be held, and I want to be there. I want to let the world know what is happening right now and what is happening to the cities that are occupied. She added: "I want to let the world know what is happening right now and what is happening to the cities that are occupied." The Mayor of Bucha, Anatoly Fedoruk, said at least 300 residents had been killed since the start of the war. Moscow has previously denied targetting civilians and rejected allegations of war crimes in what it calls a "special military operation" in Ukraine. Claims of mass killings in Russia-occupied areas of Ukraine sparked an immediate reaction from the EU, whose officials offered to assist Kyiv in documenting and collecting evidence. EU Foreign Policy chief Josep Borrell said: "Shocked by news of atrocities committed by Russian forces. "EU assists Ukraine in documenting war crimes." EU Council president Charles Michel added: "Shocked by haunting images of atrocities committed by Russian army in Kyiv liberated region."