Donations could be a vital tool for Britons hoping to make the most of their pounds as being tax efficient with them can benefit all parties involved. Utilising the likes of Gift Aid can see Britons’ donations boosted by the Government, and leaving donations in one’s will can see their heirs paying a lower inheritance tax rate. There are several ways for charitable Britons to make their donations more tax-efficient, lowering their liability and often providing more to the recipients. Gift Aid is one of the most well-known and used tools for donations. Using Gift Aid boosts donations by providing 25 pence from the Government for every £1 donated. To provide a Gift Aid donation, Britons only have to fill in a form and it will not cost them anything.  It should be noted that some payments do not qualify for Gift Aid, these include: Britons can donate using Gift Aid as long as their donations are not more than four times what they paid in the current tax year.    Britons who donate shares can get income and capital gains tax relief on the full market value of the shares at the date of sale or transfer. These shares can either be transferred to the charity or sold on behalf of the charity by the donor. Britons can deduct the value of their donation from their total taxable income in the tax year the gift or sale was made. Self-Assessment users can add the amount they claim in the charitable giving section of the tax return form. Those that don’t complete a tax return can write to HMRC with details of the gift or sale and the tax relief amount to receive a refund or have their tax code changed to pay less income tax for that financial year. Britons may have to pay capital gains tax on shares donated if they are sold for more than they originally cost to buy but still less than their market value. Donations can be made directly from one’s salary before tax is deducted, essentially lowering their own tax liability, although the amount of tax relief will depend on their tax rate. Employees who wish to do this should check if their employer has set up and runs the scheme. Giving donations in one’s will can have major benefits for their inheritance tax bill. If the donation is 10 percent or more of the total estates value it will reduce the overall inheritance tax rate payable. Alternatively, donations left in a will can be taken before the inheritance tax is calculated, lowering the overall amount due.