Amber Heard, 35, has shared a public message about her ex-husband Johnny Depp, 58, ahead of a six-week trial which is set to begin later today. After losing his case against the publishers of The Sun in 2020, the actor is now suing his estranged wife over a column she wrote in 2018 which discussed her experiences of domestic abuse - claims that Johnny has vehemently denied. Johnny’s lawyers are arguing that the article falsely implies Amber was abused by him during their two-year marriage. The opinion piece, which was published in The Washington Post, is headlined: “I spoke up against sexual violence – and faced our culture’s wrath. That has to change.” In it, she opens up about being “exposed to abuse at a very young age,” but does not mention Johnny by name at any point. In a statement shared on Instagram at the weekend, Amber told her 4.1 million followers that she is taking a few weeks away from social media as she gears up for her appearance in court. READ MORE:Michael Bublé in disbelief over Elton John's help amid son's cancer She penned: “I’ll be in Virginia, where I face my ex-husband Johnny Depp in court. “Johnny is suing me for an op-ed I wrote in the Washington Post, in which I recounted my experience of violence and domestic abuse. “I never named him, rather I wrote about the price women pay for speaking out against men in power. “I continue to pay that price, but hopefully when this case concludes, I can move on and so can Johnny.” Amber went on to say that she still has “love” for the actor and that it brings her “great pain” to put their private life on display. The Aquaman actress continued: “I have always maintained a love for Johnny, and it brings me great pain to have to live out the details of our past life together in front of the world.” She then thanked her fans and loved ones for the support they have given her and said she will be “leaning on it more than ever” in the weeks ahead. Johnny’s lawyers say Amber’s article has made it difficult for him to secure acting roles DON'T MISSLord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue[LATEST]‘Your hair looks lovely’ Jason Manford aims jibe at Will Smith[INSIGHT]Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show[NEWS] He is asking for £38.2m ($50m) in damages whereas Amber has filed a counterclaim for defamation and is asking for £76.8m ($100m). The trial, which is being held at the Fairfax County courthouse in Virginia, is set to take place over six weeks with a one-week break in May. Both Johnny and Amber will appear in-person to give their testimonies. Unlike the 2020 hearing in the UK, cameras are permitted so the evidence they give will be filmed. Other stars including James Franco, Paul Bettany and Elon Musk are also scheduled to give evidence virtually. Johnny and Amber met when they starred in the 2011 film, The Rum Diary. They married in 2015 before Amber filed for divorce the following year. She obtained a temporary restraining order against him and accused him of abuse, which he denied. Express.co.uk has contacted Johnny's representatives for comment.