WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Peaky Blinders season six. After Aunt Polly (played by Helen McCrory) predicted Tommy (Cillian Murphy) or Michael (Finn Cole) would die as the two men to war with one another, viewers have been left guessing over who will perish. With just one episode left in Peaky Blinders season six and both men still alive, it looks likely BBC viewers will be waiting until the final minutes for an answer. However, a subtle clue in the synopsis for Lock and Key hints it will be Tommy who dies. The sixth and final episode in the series’ synopsis reflects on Tommy’s life, his achievements and his failures. It reads: “A war veteran who fought in the trenches, Tommy Shelby has been a gangster, an entrepreneur, a captain of industry, a spy and ultimately a Member of Parliament. “In the course of this odyssey, he has taken on numerous criminal organisations, business adversaries, foreign insurgents and the British Establishment itself.” The synopsis concludes: “Now, in the 1930s, as the clouds of the coming storm gather, he faces the consequences of his experiences and his actions.” READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? The note Tommy will “face the consequences of his actions” hints it could be time for him to pay the ultimate price for his criminal ways. Over the past five episodes, Tommy has desperately tried to redeem himself and make his business fully legitimate so he can live peacefully with his wife Lizzie (Natasha O’Keeffe) and their children. Unfortunately, Tommy has learned just because he is becoming a better man and fighting against fascism, it doesn’t mean all his sins are forgiven. For giving a cursed sapphire to a gypsy woman who lost her daughter, Tommy was cursed himself and his daughter Ruby died. Furthermore, in episode four, Tommy was told he has tuberculoma and will die within the next 18 months. He has actively tried to make peace with those he has wronged and help those suffering around him He’s reached out to Linda (Kate Phillips) to help Arthur (Paul Anderson) get clean from using opium. Meanwhile, he is working undercover with Winston Churchill to stop Oswald Mosley (Sam Claflin) from getting into power. He has even offered his estranged son Duke (Conrad Khan) a place in the family business. However, as the struggle between light and dark continues, Tommy could find he hasn’t done enough to redeem himself. Will it be Michael kills him and takes over the Shelby Company to run with wife Gina (Anya Taylor-Joy)? Writer Steven Knight has previously teased the show would end with air raid sirens signalling the start of the Second World War. DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders fans fume over Alfie Solomons absence 'Where is he!' [REACTION]Peaky Blinders theory: Tommy's death unavoidable in 'mortal man' clue? [THEORY]Emmett J Scanlan age: How old is Peaky Blinders’ Billy Grade star? [INSIGHT] It could be Michael will win the war and get his hands on the family business only to be forced to give it up to fight for his country. However, Steven has since started he changed the ending to “keep it going” as rumours of a movie circulate. He told Empire: “It was always Britain between the wars — how the lesson from one war was not learned and was repeated. “It's also the end of empire: we enter the Second World War and by the end of it, there is no empire, really. “But I... have revised the scope of what it is. It will now go into and beyond the Second World War. “Because I just think the energy that is out there in the world for this, I want to keep it going, and I want to see how this can progress beyond that.” Fans will hopefully get the answers they are searching for on Sunday when the series concludes. Peaky Blinders season six concludes Sunday on BBC One at 9pm.