Starz’s hit crime drama Power Book IV: Force recently came to a jaw-dropping end after it was revealed Tommy Egan (played by Joseph Sikora) caught the attention of the NYPD. Ahead of the release of season two, the actor hinted at his character’s eventual arrest, even after faking his death.  Viewers were first introduced to Tommy in the original series of Power which came to an end in 2020. After high demand from fans, the character was given his own spin-off show which explored his adventures after the death of his best friend and self-proclaimed brother James ‘Ghost’ St Patrick (Omari Hardwick). Throughout the series, fans got to see a different side to Tommy as he left New York and burst onto Chicago as a lone distributor ready to take over the city. However, this didn’t come without tension as he attempted to become Chicago’s biggest dealer even though a number of different cartels were established in the city. READ MORE: 'William and Charles will be furious!' says Carole Malone over Harry As a result, Tommy narrowly escaped death a number of times as rivals tried to take out the competition. Sadly, the season finale saw the death of his right-hand woman Liliana (Audrey Esparza) who used her skills to help him create a standout drug, which proved to be a success. The finale also transported viewers back to New York and to the feds as a few familiar faces made an appearance. Detective Bianca Rodriguez (Monique Gabriela Curnen), lawyer Jenny Sullivan (Paton Ashbrook) made an appearance and Agent Medina (Greg Serano) were reintroduced in the final few scenes.  It was revealed they were looking into a spike in criminal activity in Chicago, with no idea Tommy, who they were well acquainted with, was behind it all. However, it’s unlikely they would even suspect him as he faked his death to avoid prosecution after being blamed for Ghost’s death. In a recent interview with Hollywood Life, Sikora was asked if he thought his character could remain hidden forever. To which he responded: “No. I think like all things there’s going to have to be an evolution of who Tommy is, how he’s known by the law enforcement.  DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway says Brits annoyed at Harry and Meghan's camera crew [INSIGHT] Power Force: Tommy Egan star addresses devastating death 'A big loss' [INSIGHT]Power Book 4 finale: Why did Audrey Esparza leave as Liliana? [INSIGHT] “I mean, look at like Tony Accardo and other mob guys, the feds were onto these guys in the Chicago mob for so long. “Even Al Capone had that eight-year run where he was infallible, and he was having dinner with judges. “I think that there’s corruption at all levels, the streets, and the government, but I think that it can be an interesting mix.” The actor explained: “I think that when law enforcement, as we saw in the Power show, is on these guys’ trails, everybody doesn’t have the purest interest anyway, so that could be another fun storyline, how close they get, but it’s exciting.”  “I think that it actually mimics life that there are consequences for everything, and it would be irresponsible storytelling if you didn’t show some of those consequences,” Sikora concluded. With the FBI on his tail, season two will undoubtedly become even more thrilling as Tommy made it clear he wanted to control all of Chicago. His presence in the city had already caused a rise in the murder rate in the city as wars over drugs had begun. However, Tommy was a skilled gunman and was firing shots back, taking out ample numbers of people. Thankfully for fans Power book: Force was renewed by Starz for a second season. Power Book IV: Force is available in the USA on Starz and available in the UK on Starzplay. 