Currently, individuals can access their state pension at 66, but this age is rising. Increases to 67 and subsequently 68 have been confirmed, but the speed at which this will occur is up for review. Now, a firm of experts has suggested a different approach to the state pension and how it is issued. Aegon has called for the Government to investigate offering the flexibility to start taking the state pension up to three years early. This would be at a reduced rate in order to ensure financial fairness for all, but provide more support to those who want access at an earlier age. The organisation has suggested this could be a good approach in the face of a rising state pension age, which has concerned some due to personal circumstances. READ MORE: State pension age could be decided by ‘postcodes’ - ‘nightmare!' Steven Cameron, Pensions Director at Aegon, said: “Rather than an ever-increasing single age, we’re calling for the Government to explore offering individuals more choice over when they can start claiming. “The higher the state pension age, the more individuals will struggle to stay in full time work. This could be because of their health, a physically or mentally taxing job or caring responsibilities for elderly parents. “An ever-rising fixed state pension age could become increasingly divisive and out of sync with today’s flexible private pensions world.” At present, Britons can choose to defer to their state pension if they are not ready to claim it yet. DON'T MISSState pension age to hit 70 yet millions are too ill to work on [INSIGHT]State Pension rise excludes thousands - are you affected? [UPDATE]Unemployed? How to top up your National Insurance record [ANALYSIS] In return, they will usually benefit from a higher monthly payment when they do decide to get it - as long as they have deferred for at least nine weeks. However, there is not currently a reverse option: to start the state pension from an earlier age, potentially at a reduced rate. Mr Cameron continued: “We support giving people the choice to draw it up to say three years earlier, at a reduced amount to make it financially fair for all. “Historically, people’s lives have followed a pattern of education, paid employment and then retirement. “But as people live longer, the trend may be towards a more varied multi-stage life with more varied careers and ‘breaks’ from earned employment to retrain, care for others or enjoy other life experiences. “People already increasingly prefer to ‘transition’ into retirement, combining part time work with some modest pension income, often well beyond ‘retirement’ ages. “This is another reason why it’s now time to start considering how the state pension can be made more flexible to reflect our future lives.” However, if an early access state pension were introduced, Mr Cameron acknowledged it could have implications for some. This is particularly the case for individuals claiming means-tested benefits, as receiving a pension early could affect their eligibility for support. As such, he said some people may have to seek advice or help from the Government-backed service Money Helper. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Nonetheless, with auto-enrolment continuing to come on leaps and bounds, more people are focused on a workplace pension or their own arrangements. As a result, it could mean less people are reliant on the state pension as a whole. The idea of an early access state pension is one which has sparked debate. A number of Express.co.uk readers recently weighed in on the matter, offering their thoughts. User @knights said: “I believe moving the pension age to 67 so soon after it has gone up to 66 is extremely unfair. When I was at school, I understood I would retire at 60, but because I am female it got moved to 65! “It has just moved to 66 and before I get to 66 the pension age will go up to 67. This is a whopping seven years added to my expected pension age.” @Tonto58 added: “The whole system is a fiddle. They shouldn’t be allowed to move the ages.” However, @CHiPs did not appear convinced a flexible age would be the right choice, and said: "Not much point getting the pension earlier at a reduced rate. The normal rate is below the poverty line. People say they can't live on the minimum wage, but people claiming a state pension are expected to live on half the minimum wage.” A DWP spokesperson recently told Express.co.uk: “The state pension provides the foundation for retirement planning and financial security in older age. “The Government is required by law to regularly review the state pension age and has launched the second state pension age review. This will consider whether the rules around state pension age are appropriate, based on a wide range of evidence including latest life expectancy data and two independent reports.