Detergent is supposed to help remove stains, but sometimes it leaves a mark (or two) of its own. If a washing machine is overloaded or detergent is not properly dispensed, it won’t properly dissolve in water – meaning it ends up on your clothes instead. This could result in your clothes coming out of the washing machine with blue or white stains, a waxy finish or even a rough, stiff texture. Laundry detergent stains are annoying, but they don’t have to be permanent. Cleaning experts at Whirlpool have shared how to remove liquid and powder detergent stains from your laundry. They explained that white vinegar is an “easy” way to remove liquid detergent stains. White vinegar can be picked up from Tesco for as little as 29p. The experts said: “Liquid laundry detergent stains can show up if your detergent wasn’t properly rinsed away. “Fortunately, it’s fairly easy to remove these types of stains. “Start by mixing one cup of white vinegar into one quarter cup of water in a sink or laundry tub. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls “Place the soiled item in the tub; once it’s wet, rub the stained portion of the garment against itself to loosen the detergent. “Let the garment soak for up to one hour, and then run it in the washing machine separately or with only a few clothes.” Don’t overstuff the machine – your soiled garment needs room to tumble and agitate so the detergent can work its way out of the fabric. After the item is done in the washing machine, pull it out and take a look. If the stain is still there, repeat the steps above. Don’t dry any laundry until all of the detergent is gone as heat can set the stain. DON'T MISS: Window cleaning: How to achieve 'streak-free' windows - ‘magic’ [COMMENT]Garden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [EXPERT]Cats: How to deter cats from your garden for ‘free’ [TIPS] If you have hard water and use powdered detergent, you may notice stains on your dark clothes. That’s because powdered detergents don’t always dissolve in hard water, which can leave streaks. To avoid this issue, be sure to completely dissolve powdered detergents in your top loading washing machine’s wash water before adding clothes. The cleaning pros said: “If you have a front-load washer, you may wish to dissolve powdered detergent in water before adding it to the machine. Or, you can switch to a liquid detergent. “Powdered detergent and hard water stains can be removed from clothes by using the same soaking method for liquid detergents.” While powdered laundry detergents may not leave stains on light or white clothes, they can sometimes leave a residue that can make clothes stiff. The cleaning gurus explained that the best course of action in this case is to switch to a liquid detergent. Or homeowners can alternate between powder and liquid to help keep residue from building up over time. The experts said: “If you do not wish to use liquid detergents, you can add a laundry water softener to help the powder fully dissolve and rinse away more easily.” Many people also opt to use fabric softeners to help keep fabrics soft and supple. However, the experts claimed that they can leave their own stains if they come in direct contact with clothes. They said: “If you see or feel a waxy residue on your clothes after they’ve been washed, fabric softener may be to blame. “To remove these stains, first scrub the area using a bar of laundry soap and a soft bristle cleaning brush. “This will loosen the stain and help to work it out of the fibres. “After removing as much as you can by hand, place the item in your next regular load of laundry.” Repeat this process as often as necessary until the stain is removed.