Last month saw Netflix’s historical series The Last Kingdom come to an end after five seasons. Eliza Butterworth, who starred as Queen Aelswith of Wessex, recently took to Instagram and lifted the lid on her upcoming role.  After making her first appearance in season one, Butterworth quickly became a fan favourite after her portrayal of the Mercian princess, Aelswith. Though Aelswith was initially disliked by a number of viewers, season four saw the beginning of a major redemption arc for the character. Through her portrayal, fans gained insight into the Aelswith who existed and was the real-life wife of Alfred the Great in the mid to late 800s. Thankfully, fans could soon see Butterworth back on screens as the actress revealed she was currently filming for a new show. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces Taking to Instagram, the 28-year-old posted a series of photos on Spain’s scenic Island of Tenerife. In the caption, she wrote: “I’ve been living in Tenerife since early February and have been having such a blast filming A Town Called Malice for Sky! “I will be here until the end of June and this is me living my best life as a tourist! All photos taken by my beautiful boo.” The series, which was originally announced in January, will be similar to what fans are used to seeing from the actress, as it will be a crime series set in the 80s. Although it's unlikely viewers will see mediaeval outfits and men going to battle with spears, it could feel familiar to see the actress in a crime series as Aelswith did some very criminal things. A Town Called Malice will follow the lives of the Lords, who are a family of petty thieves living in South London. Viewers will watch as the family suddenly relocate to Spain to profit after an unexpected windfall. DON'T MISS...'We call men boys!' Kriss Akabusi hits back at feminist policing [NEWS]The Last Kingdom's Millie Brady says she 'blagged' Aethelflaed stunts [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom: Eliza Butterworth calls for spin-off [INSIGHT] The Lords will move to escape unwanted attention from the police, who will be seeking them for a high profile murder enquiry. The family will be led by Jason Flemyng who will play Albert Lord, Jack Ronan will play Gene Lord and his girlfriend Cindy Carter will be portrayed by Tahirah Sharif. Eliza Butterworth will star as Carly Lord, Lex Shrapnel will take on the role of Leonard Lord, while Daniel Sharman will play Kelly Lord and George Jacques will play Anthony Lord. Viewers will also meet extended members of the Lord family, with Martha Plimpton as Mint Ma and Dougray Scott as Uncle Tony. While many fans complimented the actress's stunning photos, many questioned if this upcoming show meant she wouldn’t star in The Last Kingdom’s spin-off Seven Kings Must Die. The feature film is set to close Uhtred’s (played by Alexander Dreymon) story in conjunction with the novels, The Saxon Stories, written by Bernard Cornwell. Thankfully, Dreymon took to Instagram last month to share that the film had wrapped, which means fans will soon see what will become of the warrior. As for an Aelswith appearance, Butterworth also weighed in on the production coming to an end as she took to Instagram stories and wrote: “Wooowww it is truly the end of an era! Yesterday was the last ever day of filming on [The Last Kingdom] as they completed the film spin-off Seven Kings Must Die.” The Last Kingdom is available on Netflix. 