Emma Raducanu has claimed she is ready to play the French Open and Wimbledon this summer without a “conventional” coach. The US Open champion yesterday thanked her latest former coach Torben Beltz after their split this week and insisted she is not “panicking” to appoint his successor. Speaking before this week’s Madrid Masters, she said she is “my own coach” and she wanted to concentrate on hitting with different “sparring” or hitting partners. Asked if she would be concerned if she went into the summer Grand Slams without a full-time coach, Raducanu said: "To be honest, no. "I am very comfortable with how I am training right now and I feel like the work I have been doing has been extremely specific in the last weeks. I feel like I don’t really need a conventional-just-this-title: ‘Emma Raducanu’s coach’. DON'T MISS: Russian tennis star Aslan Karatsev makes rogue Wimbledon t-shirt gesture despite AELTC ban "I feel like that from a young age, I haven’t necessarily always had a coach and when I was training alone growing up, I had to learn to be my own coach very early on. I feel that is something that I am pretty good at and a lot of the time I feel that I know all the answers that I am coming to myself. "Of course a coach’s experience is very valuable at certain times but the majority of the time i feel that I already know the answer that I am asking the question to. I feel like I am easy. I am not necessarily stressing or panicking to find a new coach."  It would be extraordinary if the Bromley teenager returned to her home Grand Slam, with all the pressure of expectation, without a full-time coach in her corner. She split with Beltz after reaching the quarter-finals in Stuttgart last week and said: "I think Torben has been great for me because when I wanted someone with tour experience, I think for my first six months on the tour, it was very valuable." Raducanu said she plans a “new training model” which could see her working with different coaches - including Italian Riccardo Piatti - on a short-term basis.  Asked who will make the decision, she added: "At the end of the day I make the decision but as a 19 year-old I’m always going to ask my parents (Ian and Renee) just like my school friends might ask their parents which uni they should go to, so it’s the same thing really." World No.1 Iga Swiatek, who is on a 23-match winning streak, has pulled out of the Madrid Open with a right shoulder injury. 