Mathew Bose is best known for his role as Paul Lambert in Emmerdale. The actor, who arrived in the village in 2004 was the son of Rodney Blackstock (played by Patrick Mower) and Val Lambert (Charlie Hardwick). Throughout his time on the ITV soap, Mathew's character was the centre of some major storylines and he even made TV history after getting married to Jonny Foster (Richard Grieve) in the programme's first gay wedding. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Mathew, who also starred in Channel 4's It's A Sin as Dr Sullivan, said he wouldn't want good gay acting roles to go to straight actors, because "it's not the same playing field". "You will probably remember at the time there was some controversy because Russell T Davies said that he had cast all queer actors," Mathew began as he discussed his role in It's A Sin. "No queer role on It’s a Sin was not played by somebody who was not queer themselves. "And then I noticed on my social media, a lot of… I have to say straight white male actors saying, ‘it’s ridiculous actors are just actors’, and you think this is where the privilege is - under their nose." READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts Mathew continued: "I kept saying to people, 'but guys what you don't realise is, if it was a level playing field, then that would be true'. "If the people who make the decisions were doing so regardless of my age, my sexuality, my colour, my gender, who I go to bed with all the rest of it, then it will be a level playing field, and then actors will just be actors. "But until that time, it's not the case. My personal theory is, and I should put this in as a caveat because otherwise people just start cancelling you and it might not be their experience, and good for you, I'm very happy for you, but it is mine. "I can play gay parts, I’m allowed to do that but straight parts, I don't really go up for those but I go up for non-sexualized ones." "I just don't think that the people who make the decisions actually understand that most of the people who are watching these things probably don't really care," the former soap star added. "But at the moment, from my personal viewpoint, I do care. "I think that if there are good gay parts, I don't want them to go to straight actors because I think that it's not a level playing field because I'm not allowed the same bite of the same apple [if it's] the other way around." Mathew originally left the soap after his character Paul tried to reconcile his relationship with Jonny. He made a brief return in 2010 when his stepsister Nicola (Nicola Wheeler) got married to Jimmy King (Nick Miles). The actor reprised his role once again in March 2015 after his mum Val passed away. However, shortly after he made the decision to leave again and moved to Portugal. Discussing his sexuality and what it was like to play Paul, Mathew recalled: "I was gay on television when it wasn't really cool, you know?" "And so I was doing drag on Emmerdale when it wasn't really cool and I was doing gay-kissing… Daniel Brocklebank and I did a gay kiss and it was a bit too passionate, [we got] hundreds and hundreds of complaints," the actor stated. "And then I did the first primetime marriage. So, I'm now in a way of paying the price perhaps from being part of that." He also explained before he landed his role in Emmerdale, he decided to change his name. "It's slightly controversial to say, but when I first started in acting, I was considered too brown perhaps and too gay perhaps," he added. "The first one you could do something about because I can change my name. "So Matthew is my English name, so I started using Matthew, so now I'm starting to use my Indian name again which is Rajat which is on my social media now." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.