British motorists have been demanding further changes to make roads more equal by introducing a form of car tax for electric vehicle owners. Some of them claimed that electric vehicles “still pollute” as fuel is used to “generate the energy for a charger to charge a battery”. The government unveiled some changes to car tax on April 1. This included the Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) increase with drivers suffering from higher annual costs. Company car tax, known as Benefit-in-Kind (BIK) has also changed, rising from one percent to two percent for fully electric vehicles and most petrol and diesel vehicles. Despite the new changes, several British motorists think that more could be done. READ MORE: Drivers could face £1,000 fines for having a dirty car With the debate over the future of taxation in the UK in full swing, proposals of pay-per-mile schemes have been voiced by drivers who believe that it will create a “fairer system”. It is also believed that a road pricing scheme would help recover lost revenues from fuel duty, with all vehicles being charged based on how much they drive, including electric cars. Additionally, drivers have suggested that electric cars should pay a form of car tax. One Express reader, using the nickname wych1, said: “All road users should pay their share of duty for use of the roads, currently being paid for by vehicles already paying duty on fuel. DON'T MISS June law requiring all homes to have an EV charger can help save £300 [REVEAL] Green councillor explains why she ditched her car for good [INSIGHT] Drivers brand EV owners 'plain stupid' for not having home charger [SHOCKING] “Electric cars have had a free ride claiming to do their bit for pollution.” They added: “In fact, electric cars do pollute because the fuel used to generate the energy for a charger to charge a battery will pollute, and thousands of tonnes of gas, coal or oil will be burnt in the power stations. “Then there is the cost of pollution in the construction of these car batteries, [which is] very high because of the materials they use.” The reader continued: “Why should they get away with no duty because they do as much damage as any vehicle to cause wear and tear on the roads that have to be paid for before they can use them.” Another commenter, nicknamed wizard14, added: “Every vehicle on the road should be taxed using it to make it fairer for all.” Tomand commented: “EV users are costing the country 35 billion in lost revenue. Who do you think is going to pay that when there is no petrol or diesel cars on the roads?” Another reader said: “You're using the same roads full of potholes that the rest of us are! “Just because you believe that your 'bit' is going towards net-zero doesn't mean that you aren't using extra electricity and being a strain on the grid or perpetuating the disgusting state of our roads that you EV owners are all helping to keep in that state!” Estimates show that the government will lose out annually on £28billion in fuel duty as well as £7billion in Vehicle Excise Duty (VED). This is expected to come from the 2030 ban on the sales of new petrol and diesel vehicles which will have a huge knock-on effect on fuel duty revenue. Running a car is among the skyrocketing costs this April, with VED - more commonly known as car or road tax - now more expensive for most drivers, MEN reported. The duty rose in line with the Retail Price Index measure of inflation, but the increase varies between vehicles, depending on their emission levels. The duty rise is expected to have no impact on its budget, but the government hopes the change will "encourage the uptake of lower emission vehicles". People with more environmentally friendly vehicles face smaller rises. The car tax stands at zero for cars that emit no carbon dioxide (CO2), while the most polluting cars "pay over £2,000 at first registration and a flat rate thereafter".