The One Show normally airs every weekday at 7pm, with Alex Jones hosting alongside various other presenters. It seems the show is taking a short break from screens though, with Dinosaurs: The Final Day with David Attenborough airing on Friday in its place. The BBC magazine show won't return until the middle of next week. Closing Thursday's show, Alex revealed: "I'm off the Hague to present the BBC's coverage on the Invictus Games, and you can catch the first show this Sunday at 4.20pm on BBC One. "Then it's on Monday, 6.30pm and 7pm on Tuesday," she added. Stand-in host Emma Willis went on to explain when viewers could next tune in. "Zoe Ball and JJ [Chalmers] will be back on the sofa on Wednesday with Steve Coogan," she remarked. The pair wished viewers a happy Easter weekend before the programme ended. READ MORE: Jack Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jack Millar now? An exact reason for the break hasn't been confirmed, but it's safe to assume the Easter weekend and the Invictus Games coverage will have taken priority. The One Show's official Twitter account posted after Thursday's episode: "Thanks to our guests this evening - Jack Davenport. "We'll be off-air until next Wednesday 20th April - have a lovely Easter weekend!" The show made headlines this week after actor Dan Stevens shocked viewers and presenters by stating on-air that Boris Johnson was a "criminal leader" and "should resign". On Wednesday's show, Dan joined Alex and Jermaine Jenas to discuss his upcoming Starz political thriller Gaslit. Exploring the 1970s Watergate scandal, Dan was asked to give an overview of the drama and made a comparison to the Prime Minister's government. He explained: "Well, what you've got is a criminal for a leader, who is wrapped in a messy war, embroiled in a stupid scandal and surrounded by ambitious idiots, and really should resign... and, erm." After a pause, he joked: "No, I'm sorry that's the intro to Boris Johnson. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden talks future of Britain's Got Talent '20 more years' [LATEST]MasterChef contestant breaks down in tears over family recipe dish [VIDEO]The Chase fans fume over absence of Darragh Ennis 'Where is he?'[REACTION] "I've just said the intro to Boris Johnson, I'm so sorry," he feigned as both Alex and Jermaine looked speechless and grinned before Jermaine looked away as he chuckled. Many BBC viewers had a lot to say on the rant and he has remained the talk of the show on social media this week. Fans of the programme will have to go without until Wednesday though. On Friday, David Attenborough's new documentary will air instead, from 6.30pm to 8pm. The documentary will transport viewers back to the Earth of 66 million years ago. Attenborough charts what happened when the Chicxulub asteroid – a lump of rock the size of Mount Everest – collided with Earth and wiped out most living things on the planet. The biologist will look into what happened during the dinosaurs' final days on earth. The One Show is back on Wednesday, April 20 and 7pm on BBC One.