A black and white portrait of the Duke of York was reportedly included in a charity auction at Chelsea Arts Club. But a member of the club was so enraged by its inclusion that she tore it down from a wall and has yet to return it. The image, taken by the celebrated photographer and club member John Stoddart in 2000, shows the Queen's second son dressed in a black polo neck sweater looking directly at the camera. Andrew's portrait was included in the charity exhibition If I Ruled The World and had fetched £210 from an anonymous bidder, according to Daily Mail diary editor Richard Eden. Club members have welcomed a number of famous people, including Bake Off judge Dame Prue Leith and Hollywood star Harrison Ford. It was founded by a group of artists in 1890, including painter James Whistler. The ruckus comes as a Naval uniform worn by the Duke of Edinburgh and his admiral's cap are to go on display for the first time on the first anniversary of his death. Philip's possessions form part of an exhibition at the National Museum of the Royal Navy in Portsmouth Historic Dockyard.  It examines the Queen's close links to the Navy as part of celebrations for her Platinum Jubilee. On top of being the daughter and granddaughter of monarchs who served in the Navy, Elizabeth became an officer's wife when she married Prince Philip. Also donated to the museum are 41 shell cases from the gun salute fired to commemorate Philip's death on April 9 last year. A spokeswoman for the museum said: "It captures the wide variety of duties, from the launching of ships, visits to personnel and the presentation of Queen's Colours to world tours on the Royal Yacht, fleet reviews and street parties.  READ MORE ABOUT THE UK MOVING TRIDENT OFFSHORE IN THE EVENT OF SCOTTISH INDEPENDENCE "There have been seven fleet reviews during her reign, including one to celebrate her coronation in 1953 just off the coast of Portsmouth, and most recently in 2005, to mark the bicentenary of the Battle of Trafalgar. "The Queen also has a deeper, more personal connection to the Royal Navy and was born into a family steeped in service with the Royal Navy." She added that the Queen has experienced the same emotions felt by every member of a Naval family and paid testimony to this at the commissioning ceremony of HMS Queen Elizabeth in 2017. The spokeswoman said: "Photographs exploring the Queen's long and loyal service and a recently acquired naval uniform belonging to the Duke of Edinburgh displayed for the first time alongside his admiral's cap, add an intimate touch to the exhibition."  DON'T MISS: Fury as £250,000 worth of fuel stolen from Royal Navy [REVEALED] Charles and Camilla's 'LOVE CHILD' unveils new 'undeniable proof' [LATEST] ‘Silence says it all’ Harry left in awkward silence after question [REPORT] This week also saw Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, announcing that her time as patron of the animal welfare charity Mayhew has ended. Meghan served a three-year term as the figurehead of Mayhew which she championed during her time in the UK and after stepping down as a working royal. Howard Bridges, Mayhew's chief executive, said the patronage ended by mutual agreement, adding it had expired at the beginning of the year. In a message posted on the charity's website, the Duchess wrote: "Though my time as patron of Mayhew has come to a close, my unwavering support has not.  "I encourage each of you to support in whatever way you are able. "The emotional support of a rescue animal is unparalleled - as you'll soon realise: it is not you who saves them, it is they who save you." The charity was founded in 1886 and sees itself as an animal welfare social worker.  It has a pet refuge service in London, provides vet services to vulnerable owners and has a team of animal welfare officers. It also has operations abroad in countries including Afghanistan and India. The Duchess has adopted a number of rescue dogs over the years and the Sussexes also have a black Labrador thought to be named Pula. 