Partygate has left Boris Johnson and the Conservative Party wounded ahead of next week's local elections. The Prime Minister and Chancellor Rishi Sunak were among those handed Fixed Penalty Notices by the Metropolitan Police earlier this month after officers found they broke Covid gathering laws at Number 10. The party could be facing sweeping losses on May 5, the most profound of which will likely come from London, where Labour is poised to wrestle control of several constituencies from the ruling party. Recent polling from YouGov has found that Sadiq Khan's Labour has more than double the support of the capital's Conservatives. A survey conducted by YouGov for Queen Mary University of London's Mile End Institute gave the party a staggering 27-point lead. The pollsters found that Labour has support from 50 percent of people living in the city, well above the Conservative's 23 percent. The growing chasm between the two parties comes primarily from Tory failures, which have prompted tactical voting. READ MORE: Local election battlegrounds: The four key areas to watch on May 5 Tory backing in 2022 is six points lower on 2018, when the party was polling at 29 percent. Labour's position is barely changed since its successful run that year when it polled at 51 percent. Liberal Democrat voters seem poised to buoy the party this year. YouGov found that a sizeable minority of 2019 Lib Dem voters would tactically support Labour. The poll found that 35 percent said they would trade votes to oust the Conservatives. Three times more voters have pledged to switch lanes compared to 2018. Philip Cowley, a professor of politics at Queen Mary University, said that Conservative-controlled councils could switch with them. Speaking to the Evening Standard, Professor Cowley said Labour would "make advances in both inner and outer London" if the predictions held on polling day. He added that the high level of Labour support indicates that Conservative-held Barnet and Wandsworth "may be vulnerable". Professor Cowley said loftier council goals such as Westminster and Hillingdon - which sits within Mr Johnson's constituency - remain "slightly out of reach" for the party. While Sir Keir Starmer can expect a firm victory in London, party chiefs have warned not to expect the same results elsewhere. Experts have suggested that the Conservatives face a "drubbing" due to partygate, but senior Labour figures warn the overriding optimism is unfounded. Claims that the Tories face landslide losses of 750 seats were "ludicrous", they said, adding the party could experience trouble along the so-called northern "red wall". Among those taking a more cautious approach to the vote is Lisa Nandy, the shadow Levelling Up, Housing and Communities minister. She warned the party is on "thin ice" despite its polling lead and shouldn't rely on partygate to carry them across the finishing line on May 5. Labour will want gains of between 50 and 100 seats, while 200 or more would give the party its best local results in a decade.