Carlos Alcaraz shared a touching tribute to his coach's late father after becoming the youngest champion in Miami Open history on Sunday. Juan Carlos Ferrero had not been in Florida with his charge after the sudden death of his father last week but flew in to surprise the teenager after he reached his maiden Masters 1000 final and Alcaraz thanked the former world No 1 in his victory speech. Alcaraz became the second-youngest Miami Open finalist, second only to Rafael Nadal in 2005, when he defeated defending champion Hubert Hurkacz 7-6(5) 7-6(2) in the semi-final. After reaching the championship match, his coach decided to surprise him by flying to Florida the night before his final. Ferrero had not joined the Alcaraz team in Miami this year after the sudden death of his father Eduardo last week. The world No 16 had already paid tribute to Ferrero and his late father during the tournament, writing messages to both of them on the camera after some of his victories. But the former world No 1 didn't want to miss his protegee's biggest title to date and flew in on Saturday night to surprise the teenager, sharing a touching video of them reuniting with a brotherly hug. It was worth the trip for the 2003 French Open champion, who got to watch his player become the youngest man ever to lift the title in Miami as he downed sixth seed and fellow first-time Masters finalist Casper Ruud 7-5 6-4 in under two hours. And Alcaraz shared his appreciation for Ferrero in his victory speech, also paying another touching tribute to Eduardo on the camera. JUST IN: Osaka eyes Federer and Nadal style rivalry with Swiatek  "Eduardo always with us," he wrote on the lens with a heart before acknowledging his coach's gesture of attending the final in his speech. "Juan Carlos came yesterday, it's a tough moment for him and I want to say thank you to him for coming to stay with me in this important moment for me, for my career," the newly-crowned Miami Open said. "It's pretty amazing to share this with you." Ferrero could be seen in tears as he hugged his young charge, celebrating the monumental moment in the early stages of his career. The pair had set a goal for the end of the 2022 season, targeting a top 15 debut for Alcaraz in the rankings, but have already exceeded even their own expectations as the teenager will be world No 11 when the rankings update on Monday. DON'T MISSDjokovic shares practice footage from Monte Carlo ahead of returnBarty wins £17 golf tournament prize money after retiring from tennisDjokovic and Nadal warned about world No 1 spot by Carlos Alcaraz  The three-time title winner was speechless after picking up a Masters 1000 crowd, also saying: "I have no words to describe how I feel right now. It's so special to win my first Masters 1000 here in Miami. I have an unbelievable team with me and family. I'm so happy with the win and my team." Alcaraz will next be in action at the Monte Carlo Masters when the clay season begins - his self-confessed best surface. And Ferrero recently revealed that he's relishing the chance for the teenager to face 'King of Clay' Nadal on the surface after learning from his recent defeat to the elder Spaniard in Indian Wells. "Now I want to see Alcaraz play against Nadal on clay and see what happens," he said.