Barcelona want to spend a maximum of £42million on a transfer fee and wages for a new striker this summer amid interest in Robert Lewandowski, according to reports. The Poland international is being viewed as the ideal replacement for Lionel Messi, who departed for Paris Saint-Germain last year. And with the veteran yet to pen a new deal with Bayern Munich, a possible move to the Nou Camp is on the cards. Barcelona are planning to recruit a new centre-forward this summer, especially with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s goals starting to dry up. And Lewandowski is being eyed amid his uncertain future at Bayern, with his current contract in Bavaria due to expire next summer. It’s previously been reported that Barcelona would want to spend a maximum fee of around £35m on the 33-year-old, who continues to deliver as he approaches the twilight years of his career. And Sport now say that, when wages are factored in, they’d want a maximum outlay of close to £42m overall. Barcelona want a marketable, household name to fill the void left behind by Messi’s summer exit to PSG. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz They believe that’s important when it comes to attracting sponsors, selling tickets and being a global powerhouse of the sport. And that’s why they’ve got their sights set on Lewandowski, especially given his contract situation. The Poland international is due to become a free agent next summer, with Bayern failing to negotiate an extension. The Bundesliga titans, who won a 10th league title on the trot over the weekend, have been adamant their talisman won’t be allowed to leave the Allianz Arena. But that hasn’t stopped Barcelona from exploring the possibility of a deal as they plan for a better future with Xavi at the helm. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Barcelona had hoped to land Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund. Yet with Manchester City and Real Madrid possessing more financial muscle at the current moment in time, Xavi’s team are out of the running. If Barcelona do sign Lewandowski, they may have to get creative when it comes to putting their attackers in the same XI. He’d compete with Aubameyang for a starting berth, with the former Arsenal star likely reluctant to play second fiddle to anybody following his January arrival. Xavi could even more the Gabon international to the wing, though that would mean demoting Ferran Torres. Lewandowski was quizzed on his future over the weekend. And he admitted the current situation ‘isn’t easy’ for him, saying: There will be a meeting soon, but nothing special has happened so far. “I also notice what’s going on. The situation is not that easy for me.” Bayern chief Oliver Kahn, meanwhile, was adamant Lewandowski wouldn’t be allowed to leave when quizzed on the matter earlier in the month. “We definitely have Robert with us for another season,” said the former goalkeeper. “We know what we have in him and we're relaxed about it. “Apparently, there's a competition out there: ‘'Who will tell the biggest nonsense story about Robert Lewandowski?'’ Talks will continue. “We are not crazy and we will not be discussing the transfer of a player who scores between 30 and 40 goals with us every season.”