If your blood pressure is too high, it puts extra strain on your blood vessels, heart and other organs, such as the brain, kidneys and eyes. Persistent high blood pressure can increase your risk of a number of serious and potentially life-threatening health conditions, such as heart disease. Much is spoken about the power of certain foods in helping to lower hypertension risk - certain drinks have been shown to be just as powerful. Almond milk is the new craze gaining popularity among the health-conscious society. It is generally low in saturated fat which helps lower the level of harmful cholesterol in the blood and reduce your overall risk of having a heart attack. It also has natural omega-3 fatty acids that help reduce the risks of high blood pressure and help you maintain a healthy heart. READ MORE: New study finds walking may add 15 years to your life - Dr Ellie's top tips for walking Almond milk also helps to build strong muscles, assists in maintaining healthy blood pressure, and improves kidney function, but it lacks protein and fibre unless it is fortified, said UPMC Health. Almond milk also contains many vitamins, including: DON'T MISSB12 deficiency: Three signs of 'damage' in your feet [ADVICE]Supplements: Four supplements linked to emergency visits [INSIGHT]Stroke: Signs you should ignore - warning [TIPS] Carrot juice may help reduce risk factors for heart disease. "The juice is a good source of potassium, a mineral that plays an important role in proper blood pressure regulation," said Healthline. A high potassium diet has been shown to protect against high blood pressure and stroke. Celery juice is filled with an impressive list of nutrients and can change your health for the better, helping everything from your liver to your skin. Studies have shown that celery extract consumption can help prevent stroke, lower blood pressure and reduce plaque in arteries. Containing high levels of coumarins, celery juice helps lower the number of stress hormones in the body, which in turn reduces the symptoms of hypertension. The drink also keeps a person well hydrated due to its 95 percent water content. According to Iowa Heart Center: “Celery is filled with antioxidants. “It’s full of nutrients such as potassium, folate and calcium, as well as vitamin C, beta carotene and flavonoids. “The impressive amounts of antioxidants and nutrients this superfood contains give it the ability to reduce inflammation, possibly help fight cancer and liver disease and boost cardiovascular health.”