The witness was stunned to see empty bins being used to stop other motorists from using the available parking spaces. The bins were laid side-by-side in a Birmingham street in a bid to stop drivers from pulling in. With the wheelie bins taking over the parking spaces, vehicles were forced to stop or park on the road. The witness claimed that one driver of a people carrier had double-parked next to the bins, narrowing the lanes for approaching traffic. The shocked passer-by said: “I was walking back to my car from a funeral and I saw it on the way. "The bins were flat and did not have waste in them. The white people carrier parked there next to the bins.” READ MORE: Drivers could use electric cars to power their homes The witness added: "It was double-parked next to the bins. The car was sticking out into the road. “The bin was placed so the lids did not open. It was ridiculous. “It was taking up two spaces. There were no dropped kerbs. “It was not anyone's driveway." DON'T MISS Motorists warned not to travel at certain times over Easter [WARNING] Electric car drivers could face quadruple repair costs [SHOCKING] Cost of Easter car rental increases by 135 percent [INSIGHT] The wheelie bins are the latest object to be used by residents to desperately claim the elusive parking spaces. In March, a worker in Birmingham photographed two trollies facing each other outside houses. The trollies were weighted down with slabs of concrete. On top of that, rocks had been wedged behind the wheels to secure them in place. Putting questionable objects in parking spaces is not the only way that people have been dealing with motoring problems. Recently, a man claimed on Reddit that he called a towing truck on his neighbour for their terrible parking outside his apartment. The man, who goes by the username imahays, said that his apartment block has been plagued by bad parking issues for more than a year. He wrote: "By bad I mean there are parking spaces free but yet they park behind parked cars and block the road because our streets are narrow, or they park in paid parking spaces and they don't have a tag. "There is barely enough room to fit through and it is right beside our dumpster that sticks out as well and it is impossible to see around because we live in a circle." With the issue not being resolved, the tenant decided to take matters into his own hands. He claimed that he called a towing firm to get the cars removed. The man said: “Our apartment sent an email a month or so ago that has allowed us to call outside of our office hours because it has gotten so bad. "So I called back this morning and had no issues getting a truck out. "I don't know who the people whose cars they are, nor the people who actually live there, but it is the apartment next to me, and they have cars parked on the road all week long. "I have just had it. I don't feel bad, but my fiancée thinks I went too far. So am I the a**?"