Angela Kelly's revised book, The Other Side of the Coin: The Queen, the Dresser and the Wardrobe was first published in 2019. However, it will be republished on May 12 to reveal how the royals coped in lockdown as well as previewing the Platinum Jubilee.  Her Majesty spent much of the pandemic with The Duke of Edinburgh at Windsor Castle in “HMS Bubble” - a nickname given to the group of staff that looked after them in isolation. Ms Kelly, whose official title is Personal Assistant, Adviser and Curator to Her Majesty the Queen (Jewellery, Insignias and Wardrobe), will explain how she had to set and cut the 95-year-old monarch's hair during lockdown. Katya Shipster, the Harper non-fiction publishing director said that the updated chapters explain the lengths members of the royal household went to protect the Queen during lockdown. She said: "It tells the story of the royal bubble as well as the lengths Angela and the royal household went to in order to ensure the safety of the monarch.”  It’s unknown if the extra chapters will discuss the Queen’s increasing mobility problems which limited her ability to carry out a number of in person functions. Ms Kelly joined the Royal Household in 1994 and has become very close to the Queen. In 2012, she was given permission to write Dressing the Queen, telling the story of the monarch's Diamond Jubilee wardrobe. Seven years later, she wrote The Other Side of the Coin, a part-autobiographical book featuring anecdotes from her very close working relationship with the Queen. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan Markle caused ‘shudders at palace’  As well as giving both books her blessing, the Queen also gave permission for a number of photographs to be used giving a rare behind the scenes look at royal life. According to The Telegraph, Ms Kelly once described her relationship with the Queen as one that is typical of ordinary female friends. She said: “We are two typical women. We discuss clothes, make-up, jewellery.” It comes as Clarence House announced on Monday that the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall will visit Canada next month as part of the Platinum Jubilee festivities. DON'T MISS:  Royal Family: Meghan and Harry snubbed over invite  [REVEAL] Archie Harrison's surname caused heated royal row  [INSIGHT] How Camilla slapped down 'pompous' Charles over gin and tonic demand [SPOTLIGHT]  They are due to visit Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada's Capital Region and the Northwest Territories.