James Jordan, 44, and his wife Ola Jordan, 39, rose to fame when they appeared as professional dancers on BBC’s Strictly Come Dancing. The married couple, who share their daughter Ella together, spoke with GB news host Nigel Farage on Thursday and the pair addressed their time on the popular dance programme. Speaking candidly about the show, James revealed how the intensity of his dance schedule had “wrecked his body” and left him with “loads of injuries”.  Broadcaster and former politician Nigel probed the ex-Strictly stars, during his Talking Pints segment, about their time on the BBC reality show, saying: “Strictly, it takes your life over, doesn't it? [Is it] four months [of work]?” James sighed: “More. We pretty much start in August. So five months [or] six months, it’s a long time.” “So there’s like, kind of, not much time off?” the 58-year-old presenter questioned. The former Dancing On Ice winner claimed he’d worn himself out with his gruelling dance schedule, explaining: “When you went on the tour and then you do a Pro tour and then you were doing your own shows, pretty much all year round you were dancing, hence why it wrecks your body and [why] I’ve got loads of injuries.” READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Leyla Harding to exit as her secret unveiled   The mother-of-one chuckled: “Hence why we used to be thin.” “Yep, we used to be thin and now we eat a lot more,” James quipped while the 58-year-old host laughed. Addressing both of the dancers, Nigel pointed out: “You were on it for nine years [James], you were on it for 10 years [Ola], I think." He went on to say: “But there is one difference. Isn't that Mr. or Mrs Jordan…”   “She’s won it,” James chipped in before laughing: “Got my name on the trophy, it still says ‘Jordan’.” Acknowledging her husband’s input, Ola cut in: “I won it with his help, I have to give it to him.” The former I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out Of Here! contestant won the seventh series with partner Chris Hollins, beating actor Ricky Whittle and his partner Natalie Lowe in the final. Remarkably Chris managed to avoid the dreaded dance-off during the entire run of the show.    “You won it, that must have been a great feeling,” the ex Independent Party Leader wondered. In response, the choreographer recalled: “It has been a great feeling. “You know, Strictly it's a massive show but it's an amazing show to be part of for such a long time.” The BBC winner gushed: “It is like a big family and a lot of hard work goes into it.   