Crystal Palace star Marc Guehi suggested that Conor Gallagher has taken Chelsea's brutal call to block him from playing in Sunday's FA Cup semi-final in his stride. Blues boss Thomas Tuchel personally apologised to the youngster who is having a superb loan spell at Selhurst Park and could well be phased into the Stamford Bridge first-team set-up next season. Palace and Chelsea are due to meet at Wembley on Sunday afternoon. With four teams vying for FA Cup glory, it represents the last chance for both sides to get their hands on any form of silverware this campaign. Despite normal rules preventing a loaned player from featuring against their parent club, Palace submitted an official request to Chelsea to let him play. That was promptly slapped down by Tuchel and co, however, pointing out that it would violate the terms of their agreement. Guehi, who left Stamford Bridge for Palace permanently last summer, said: "It's hard for [Gallagher]. He wants to play. He's been massive for us in the competition but he's been great this week, getting beind the team and supporting the team." JUST IN: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims    Chelsea's tough approach is perhaps understandable given the role Gallagher has played in Palace's relative success this season. The 22-year-old has eight goals and three assists in the Premier League alone, where he has also caught the eye with his tireless work rate. The Blues were ruthlessly dumped out of the Champions League by Real Madrid on Tuesday after letting a dramatic fightback slip through their fingers at the Bernabeu, which gives Sunday's clash at Wembley added importance. Tuchel revealed this week that he had personally apologised to Gallagher. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal "I had the chance to speak to Conor, and I could also see his frustration," he admitted, "We met some weeks ago, we met after the international break by coincidence, in a restaurant, and we had a chat, and the subject came up. And I apologised! "Because I know how competitive he is and I know his character, I like him a lot and it was a pleasure to have him here in pre-season. We play to win the game, the rules were clear when we made the loan. I can totally understand the disappointment of Conor, but these were the rules when we made the loan and we don’t want to suffer from our rules." Tuchel has plenty of incentive to keep his relationship sweet with Gallagher as there is a strong chance he will return to the Chelsea set-up this summer. A spot in the midfield ranks is by no means out of the question, and there would be no shortage of potential transfer suitors if the Blues surprisingly decide to sell on. Gallagher has previously spoken about his 'dream' to play for the Chelsea first-team, and Tuchel recently claimed that the youngster can 'be a big help and a big influence'.