Common tactics include only filling the kettle with the amount needed (50 percent), improving a home’s insulation (37 percent), and turning the TV off at the plug when not in use (34 percent). And nearly half (48 percent) have a smart meter to receive accurate, rather than estimated bills, and monitor what energy is being used, in near-real time. Yet despite making changes, a quarter are still confused by the conflicting energy-saving advice available. As a result, many have attempted changes that will not reduce energy use – including handwashing all dishes instead of using a dishwasher (32 percent), and putting electronic devices in sleep mode overnight (21 percent). And more than one in five (22 percent) have even been keeping the heating on permanently at a low setting, instead of turning it on and off when needed. Smart Energy GB, which commissioned the survey, has teamed up with Helen Skelton, Dominic Littlewood, and Money Magpie, to co-author the Super Smart Energy Savers Report, which provides actionable advice to help Brits manage energy use and household budgets. Helen Skelton said: “It’s worrying to feel that the cost of your energy bill is completely out of your control, but unfortunately the price cap increase means that this is now the case for so many people across the UK. “People need tangible, long-term solutions. While there are elements of the cost-of-living crisis we can’t control, taking steps like getting a smart meter to monitor energy use, and being mindful of how long your devices are on for, can go some way to helping Brits feel more equipped and in control of their household budgets.” The study also found three in ten feel they don’t know enough about energy usage – with only a third (32 percent) feeling well informed. A further 28 percent don’t feel in control of their household budgets. As a result, almost half of those polled (46 percent) want more external support on how to deal with increasing bills. During this time of need, one in ten have turned to helplines, such as Citizen’s Advice, while seven percent have used bank loans for financial support. Brits have made other cutbacks to account for the rising cost of living, too – including not buying new clothes (30 percent), limiting the number of takeaway drink purchases (26 percent), or shopping at a cheaper supermarket (24 percent). And a quarter (24 percent) are even limiting social occasions. Victoria Bacon, Director at Smart Energy GB, added: “With the cost-of-living crisis set to continue and energy bills rising across Great Britain, it’s vital that households understand what energy habits are having the biggest impact on their bills. “I’m pleased to launch the new Super Smart Energy Savers Report alongside a panel of experts and consumer champions, to help people to see what support is available so they can regain control of their energy bills. “Our research shows that many people are still in the dark on what impact some actions will have – but making small changes to how we use energy at home with the help of a smart meter can make a big difference.” The study, conducted via OnePoll, found almost half (47 percent) of smart meter users said having one installed has helped them to feel more in control of energy use, while 54 percent better understand their usage now. With more control and a better understanding, smart meter users claim adjusting their energy use with the information provided can reduce bills by an average of £366.24 over the course of a year. Vicky Parry, from Money Magpie, added: “Costs in various aspects of life are rising – in energy, but also fuel and food. “Alongside rising interest rates, this means that the new energy price cap will impact households across the UK. “With this in mind, it’s fair to say that many people are feeling anxious regarding their finances, which has led to so many seeking debt advice. “But we don’t want people to panic, and are keen to share our expertise in how households can manage their money. “We hope these tips will provide some much-needed clarity and support in helping households manage their finances through a turbulent year.” For more information on the Super Smart Energy Savers Report, and to find out more about getting a smart meter installed, search “get a smart meter”. THE SUPER SMART ENERGY SAVERS PANEL’S TOP TIPS TO SAVE MONEY: