Banks, such as Nationwide Building Society and Santander, have recently announced rate rises in the wake of the UK’s wider cost of living crisis. Savers across the country are looking for the best accounts to place their money into with the hope of getting the best returns. Both Nationwide and Santander are two such banks, with the latter confirming an interest rate rise of 2.5 percent earlier this week. The bank’s new 123 Regular e-Saver rewards savers rate of 2.5 percent interest AER/Gross for 12 months. This is reportedly one of the best regular savings accounts currently on the market from a high street bank, according to Santander. Customers will be able to access, view and manage their money either online or through Santander’s mobile app. Santander’s latest savings account will be made accessible to those who are existing 123, Private and Select current account customers, who are 16 or over. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  Funds must be paid into the savings account via standing order from an existing Santander 123, Select or Private current account. Those who are interested in Santander’s latest offering will be able to transfer up to £200 per month. Any money which is paid into, and later withdrawn from, the account will go towards the £200 monthly limit. This £200 monthly threshold means that savers will see a maximum balance of £2,400 a year.  Hetal Parmar, the head of Banking and Savings at Santander UK, emphasised that this latest deal would add “even more value” to customers. Mr Parmar said: “We understand saving for the future remains important to many customers, and following the recent increase to the interest rate on our 123 Current Account, we’re pleased to offer 123 World customers even more value with our new Regular e-Saver.” In comparison, the interest rate of Nationwide’s One Year Triple Access Online ISA has been raised by 0.80 percent. The building society has also promised to increase the interest rates on some of its other savings products as well. The ISA from Nationwide allows for up to three withdrawals during its 12-month period of time. Withdrawals over this amount will return the interest rate to 0.01 percent for the duration of the term. Recently, Nationwide has also increased the interest rate on its Fixed Rate ISAs to boost customer savings. Once the 12-month period is over, Nationwide’s ISA account automatically switches to one of Nationwide’s instant access accounts. All accounts can be opened and managed online via the website, Internet Bank and Mobile Banking App and have a minimum operating balance of £1. Tom Riley, the director of Banking and Savings at Nationwide Building Society, said: “Many savers will look to utilise their ISA allowance at the start of the new tax-year. “Our latest Triple Access Online ISA offers one of the highest rates on the market and will appeal to those looking to save with a brand they know and trust. “This ISA accepts transfers in, so savers will benefit from Nationwide’s ISA transfer promise, which sees the society pay interest from the day it receives the application, so savers don’t lose out on interest while the transfer is in progress.”