An extract from an interview with Prince Harry led by US journalist Hoda Kotb was met with criticism and disbelief by royal author Robert Jobson. Referring to the Duke of Sussex's claim made during the one-on-one to be aired in full later today during NBC's Today, Mr Jobson wrote on Twitter: "Prince Harry says on US TV he is making sure the Queen is 'protected and has the right people around her'. "How so? I think you’ll find that Prince Charles and Her Majesty’s children and William are DOING just that and supporting the Queen, with actions - and not just words." In a second tweet, the expert branded Harry's words regarding keeping the Queen protected "an odd statement". He continued: "I hope it is not left hanging, and the obvious follow up questions of 'why, how and from who?' are asked. "I hope US interview it is not an another Oprah where brash statements by H[arry] are unchallenged." Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here Mr Jobson referred to the groundbreaking interview done early last year by Meghan Markle and Prince Harry with Oprah Winfrey, during which the Sussexes launched against the Firm concerning allegations of racism and neglect and the Duke spoke openly about his relationship with his brother and father. Mr Jobson hasn't been the only commentator to criticise the Duke of Sussex for his latest remarks. Royal author Angela Levin, also taking to Twitter, branded the Duke's remarks a "gross insult" to the Firm. She said: "His comment on US TV is a gross insult to all the Royal Family, the royal doctors and all the aides around Her Majesty. His arrogance knows no bounds." READ MORE: Prince Harry states America is home 'for the time being' Journalist Andrew Pierce mentioned the memoir the Duke is writing, saying: "So #PrinceHarry wants to ‘protect’ the Queen. "From who? And how does he protect her by writing a kiss and tell memoir?" Harry's memoir was announced last summer and is expected to be released in late 2022. While many commentators are speculating the Duke may unleash fresh criticism against his family and the institution of monarchy, the only official announcement made regarding this memoir didn't go into detail, saying the book will cover Harry's "lifetime in the public eye from childhood to the present day". Prince Harry spoke about making sure the Queen is "protected" and surrounded by "the right people" while he was discussing his recent visit to the sovereign. The Duke and his wife stopped, on their way to The Hague to attend the ongoing Invictus Games, to meet the sovereign at Windsor Castle. In the extract provided by NBC, the Duke also said: "Being with her was great, it was so nice to see her. "She is on great form, she always got a great sense of humour with me." Ms Kotb went on asking whether he made his grandmother laugh as he normally does, to which the Duke, chuckling, said: "Yes, I did. Referring to his wife Meghan Markle, Harry added: "Both Meg and I had tea with her, so it was really nice to catch up with her." Prince Harry, who in the clip shared in the run-up to the airing of the full Today interview did not seem to explain what he wanted to protect the Queen from or who he considered the best people to be around her, is believed to have maintained a good relationship with his grandmother even after he and his wife stepped down as full-time working royals at the end of March 2020. Speaking to Ms Winfrey last year, the Duke said he was regularly in touch with his grandmother either via video or phone calls. Harry said: "I’ve spoken more to my grandmother in the last year than I have done for many, many years." He also said: "My grandmother and I have a really good relationship and an understanding. "And I have a deep respect for her. She’s my Colonel-In-Chief, right? She always will be."