Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc both questioned the speed of the F1's safety car after the Australian Grand Prix on Sunday. The drivers felt the Aston Martin safety car was going too slowly which impacted their ability to heat up their tyres. However, the FIA has clarified its position on safety in a swipe back at the two drivers' remarks. A new statement warned the impact of the performance of the cars is a “secondary consideration” with safety the priority. The statement warned safety car speeds were “dictated by race control” and “not limited by the capabilities” of the vehicles. It added the models were “bespoke high-performance vehicles”. The FIA even defended Aston Martin after the brand received criticism from the drivers, adding the cars were prepared by “two of the world’s top manufacturers”. READ MORE: Max Verstappen compares F1 safety car to a 'turtle' The statement even hit back at the drivers, warning they were “responsible for driving in a safe manner at all times according to the conditions of their car and the circuit”. It reads: "In light of recent comments regarding the pace of the FIA Formula 1 Safety Car, the FIA would like to reiterate that the primary function of the FIA Formula 1 Safety Car is, of course, not outright speed, but the safety of the drivers, marshals and officials. "The speed of the safety car is therefore generally dictated by Race Control, and not limited by the capabilities of the safety cars, which are bespoke high-performance vehicles prepared by two of the world's top manufacturers, equipped to deal with changeable track conditions at all times and driven by hugely experienced and capable driver and co-driver." DON'T MISSThings you may have missed from the Australian GP [COMMENT]FIA take aim at Verstappen with Red Bull ace forced to change tactics [INSIGHT]FIA blamed for costing Lewis Hamilton points in Saudi Arabian GP [ANALYSIS] The comments come after Verstappen described the green Aston Martin Vantage as a "turtle" on Sunday. The reigning champion even called for the FIA to review the safety car rules after he raised concerns. Verstappen said: "To drive 140 [km/h] on the back straight, there was not a damaged car, so I don't understand why we have to drive so slowly. We have to investigate. For sure the Mercedes safety car is faster because of the extra aero, because this Aston Martin is really slow. "It definitely needs more grip, because our tyres were stone cold. It's pretty terrible the way we are driving behind the safety car at the moment." Leclerc also commented about the pace of the car after the race, adding: "It’s very difficult, especially when we’re all on the hard tyres. I had extreme problems generating temperature. "I wanted to complain over the radio, but then I saw how much the Safety Car slipped in the corners, I don’t think he could have driven any faster."