Landlord Craig Harker, 35, advertised online for chefs, kitchen porters and front of house staff at his chain of George Pub & Grill venues across Teesside. He said he is usually inundated with sloppy applications, so put together a list of requirements in the advert. Craig said he is up for giving people a chance even if they do not have experience, but warned applicants: "Don't just apply because the Job Centre asked you to". The ad for the positions in Middlesbrough, Stockton and Redcar added: "Those that attend with that fruity BO odour - it's a no go. "Oway give your pits a wash before you come down for an interview, a quick whiff and spray those bad boys. "First impressions count. That includes brushing those tusks too."  It continued: "The key part for any interview is first impressions, don't have mine as this person clearly needs a wash and have me turning my head because of that naughty breath that stings my cheeks." He also asked applicants not to turn up to the interview "after a session or a big night and stinking of that last can of lager you had at 5am". The ad said he does not want applicants with bad teeth, adding: "If those gnashers are black then stay back, white and you're alright. "Especially when front of house, greeting our customers as they walk through the doors."  READ ABOUT A MUM'S ANGER AT NEIGHBOURS TREATING THEIR GARDEN LIKE A LIVING ROOM  Craig is also against "dodgy looking toes" and said staff should be good at chatting to strangers. The ad said: "We want lively, bubbly and friendly people for front of house, not people sat at home all day sitting on the latest FIFA and not leaving the house for days on end. "Go and get some fresh air and interact with real people! "I don't care if you've led a team on Call of Duty or Dungeons and Dragons, what real work experience do you have? If not then we have positions we can train too!"  DON'T MISS: Sturgeon slammed for wasting £3 billion of tax payers money [LATEST] Xi delivers devastating blow to Putin as China pulls plug on deal [REVEALED] ‘I don’t care what the EU does’ Brexit Britain savages bloc [REPORT]  He assured would-be recruits they will "love the banter" and said he is happy to employ vegans as long as they do not mind serving "big juicy slabs of meat". Craig is no stranger to unusual Facebook posts.  In 2019, he posted an advert asking customers: "Would You Punch Your Ex In The Face For A Steak?". Threatened with losing his licence, he refused to apologise, arguing the posts are entertaining for his pub's 200,000 plus Facebook followers. Labour MP for Stockton North, Alex Cunningham, remarked on Twitter at the time: "It's completely unacceptable language and the owner should take it down immediately." 