Max Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton have both welcomed the news that Porsche and Audi plan to enter F1 in 2026. The Volkswagen Group has revealed plans to have both brands involved in F1, with talks with the FIA having already begun.  In a released statement, they said: "The management and supervisory boards of Volkswagen AG, Porsche AG and AUDI AG have confirmed plans for a possible entry into Formula 1 by the two brands," said Volkswagen. "The Audi and Porsche brands will provide details later." The statement added: "We have not yet made a decision as we are currently in the final evaluation phase. At this point, the new regulations for 2026 and subsequent years are not yet available. These will set out far-reaching changes to make the sport more sustainable, which is a prerequisite for Audi's possible entry. "Audi Sport is discussing these matters directly with the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA). Our decision will be announced as soon it has been made." And the two drivers who battled it out for the world title last season have welcomed the development. JUST IN: Australian Grand Prix qualifying results: Hamilton beats Russell as Verstappen misses pole  "I knew about it a long time ago," Hamilton said, via Sky Sports about the brands - who are expected to join as engine suppliers rather than taking over a team altogether. "I think it's great that we're going to get new manufacturers within the sport, especially as you see there are several teams who have potential to be top teams but are customer teams, so I think it's going to be great moving forwards." His Red Bull rival appeared to agree: "I think it's very exciting and very important for Formula 1 as well," he added. "Of course we have great teams, but to have really great brands behind it is really nice. I'm looking forward to what the future will bring." DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton has Ferrari wish as Mercedes driver left baffled by rivals at Australian GPLewis Hamilton 'specifically targeted' by new FIA rule and could be hunted downMax Verstappen once got into furious row with his dad: 'Didn't speak for a week' Volkswagen has previously worked with Red Bull in the World Rally Championship. Verstappen's immediate focus though, will be on overhauling Charles Leclerc on Sunday, after the Ferrari man took pole position at the Australian Grand Prix. Hamilton, who has struggled thus far with Mercedes, did produce a better qualifying performance that his nightmare in Saudi Arabia to take P5. Sergio Perez and Lando Norris were third and fourth respectively.