Now 50 days into the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, BBC Breakfast hosts Charlie Stayt and Rachel Burden were keen to hear what Vladimir Putin may be planning next. Security Correspondent Frank Gardner, warned the Russian army could launch a huge attack this weekend as it plans to end the war in the Donbas region. Frank explained:“Let’s have a look at the balance sheet, what has Russia achieved by this? It’s had an estimated 10-15,000 of its troops killed. “That’s the same amount it lost in 10 years fighting in Afghanistan in the eighties. “It has basically brought NATO and the West together as never before. It’s buckling, its economy is buckling under sanctions and what is actually achieving from this? “Well, they’ve taken some ground in the South but they’ve been pushed back in the North. READ MORE: 'Can't stand to look!' Meghan and Harry blasted over security row “When we say Russia is withdrawing from the North, that’s because they lost in the North against the Ukrainians. “But don’t be fooled by the sort of relative calm at the moment. We’re in an operational pause at the moment gearing up for Russia to do a massive assault on the Donbas. “That’s the area in the east of Ukraine where Ukraine’s army is. They’ve been dug in for months and this is where this war is going to be decided. “I’m sorry to say even though it could start as early as this Bank Holiday weekend, it’s unlikely to end quickly. “It’s going to potentially drag on for months and even years because President Putin, this is his project, this is his big lockdown project to bring Ukraine back under Moscow’s heel as it were. “He doesn’t want a free democratic country, certainly not one that wants to join NATO, that is off the table for now. “He doesn’t want it joining the EU even so the peace talks when they eventually happen are going to be really tough because Russia is going to be sitting on quite a lot of Ukrainian territory that it won’t want to give up. Ukraine will want that back.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Wendy Posner to exit as secret exposed during trial [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Jenny Connor frames Daisy Midgeley [SPOILER]Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait [VIDEO] Rachel asked: “And just to be clear, we talk about the Russian forces being depleted but they do have enough resources and money to fund an escalation of the war do they?” “Not indefinitely,” Frank replied. “Russia’s thrown its best forces at this war, they’ve not performed well. “They have failed to do something called combined arms tactics which is basically using infantry artillery tanks altogether in the best combination. They’ve failed to do that. “Their tanks were not protected by infantry so they got picked off in the North by the much more nimble Ukrainians using missiles provided by NATO in the West.” Frank continued: “Now I know a lot of people are saying, ‘Hang on, why isn’t NATO going in there? Why are we sitting on our hands in the West while Ukraine gets decimated.’ “Well the fact is NATO is providing more and more weapons to Ukraine. They are giving them the maximum amount they can short of starting World War Three with Russia because that’s not something we want to get into.” BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.