Ajax performance coach Alessandro Schoenmaker could join Erik ten Hag at Manchester United if the latter is appointed as Ralf Rangnick's permanent successor ahead of next season, according to reports. Ten Hag has emerged as the standout candidate for the Red Devils job in recent weeks and is reportedly set to take charge in the summer, with personal terms said to have already been agreed. The Dutchman is yet to be officially confirmed as Rangnick's eventual replacement but is widely expected to make the switch to Old Trafford in the near future after being formally interviewed towards the end of last month. It seems as though Ten Hag is already preparing for life in Manchester, with the 52-year-old exploring the possibility of bringing Schoenmaker with him to England, according to i.It is claimed that Ten Hag is looking to appoint a number of coaches with Premier League experience to his backroom team as a result of his lack of experience in the division. Schoenmaker fits the bill in that regard, having served in a variety of roles at Newcastle, Crystal Palace and Derby County in previous years.Ten Hag is understood to be keen on improving the fitness of his United players as a matter of priority in order to set up for a Premier League title challenge in his first season at the helm. He was recently warned over the condition of the Red Devils squad by none other than Rangnick, who insisted that it could take years to raise the squad's collective level to that of Manchester City or Liverpool. JUST IN: Arsenal icon Paul Merson likens Tottenham to Ferrari 'without engine' "[City and Liverpool] have been built together and recruited over a period of five or six years, all of them under the premise of how the coaches want to play," said Rangnick earlier this week. "I told the board this is what has to happen [at United]."Whenever the new head coach is clear, it has to be: how does he want to play and what kind of players do we need for that? Then we come back to DNA, speed, physicality, tempo. What do we need? "This team does not lack technical players, it can do with more physicality. It takes right decisions and [clarity over] where you want to go: what kind of players, what kind of manager and then, in every transfer window, try to get the best possible."This is not rocket science, it has to be done and, if that happens, it does not necessarily need three or four years. Maybe in two or three transfer windows, then the situation could be different." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here