  Piers Morgan has called Tiger Woods a “freak” after the golf star shot a one-under-par round in his return to the Masters. The journalist praised the athlete's impressive performance and impressive comeback to the sport, following his terrifying car crash last year.      Piers, 57, took to Twitter to applaud Tiger, 46, in view of his 7.9 million followers. He included an infographic of Tiger’s first round scores from the 2022 Masters with a picture of the golf legend swinging his club. He captioned the post: “Incredible. A year ago, he nearly died in a car crash & feared he’d never walk, let alone play golf again. “Today, he shot -1 at the Masters. The guy’s a freakin’ freak. @TigerWoods #Masters2022.” READ MORE: Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue    Some of Piers’ followers took to the comments section to agree with him. Paul Gourley wrote: “Think fatigue may come into this but looking at Tiger he will shock us even more, top 10 finish after what he has been through would be amazing.” (sic) Lisa McKeaveney commented: “Undoubtedly the most talented golfer ever to have played the game.” Bron added: “A true competitor with honed skills who never gives up. Stunning to watch.”     While David Kirby pointed out: “Terrific performance pity however tv coverage for first 5 hours was nearly 100% Woods even keeping him on camera while waiting etc there were other players scoring better not hardly getting a mention.” (sic) Tiger shot a one-under-par 71 on his Masters comeback as the five-time champion made an impressive return in Augusta, Georgia. South Korea's Im Sung-jae, who was runner-up in 2020, was leading on the day after a five-under 67. Tiger suffered life-threatening injuries in a car crash 14 months ago, with fears that his leg might even have to be amputated. READ MORE... Kate Garraway warned by Laura Tobin about 'disastrous' choice [INSIGHT] 'Shut the f**k up!' Denise Welch rages at Jeremy Vine Show debate [NEWS] Countdown's Rachel Riley fears show stint could spell 'end of career' [NEWS]      After playing his first competitive round in 508 days, he admitted: “There is a long way to go, it is a marathon, but it is nice to get off to a positive start.” When asked if his return felt like a victory after battling through such severe injuries, he replied: “Yes. To see where I've been, to get from there to here, it was no easy task. “I'm very lucky to have this opportunity to be able to play, and not only that, to play in the Masters and to have this type of reception. “I mean, the place was electric,” he told BBC Sport.      The American golfer said he was “lucky to be alive” following his horrific crash in California on February 23 last year. He was driving an SUV alone in Rolling Hills Estates on the outskirts of Los Angeles when he was involved in a single-vehicle crash shortly after 7am local time. His vehicle came off the road at high speed – between 84-87mph according to black box data – before hitting the curb and a tree, and rolling over several times. The road Tiger was driving on had a speed limit of 45mph, and Los Angeles County Sheriff Alex Villanueva said the primary cause of the accident was driving at a “speed unsafe for the road conditions and the inability to negotiate the curve of the roadway”. Officials said there was no evidence Woods was impaired by drugs or alcohol.   