Angela Merkel has been facing increasing backlash over the close relationship Germany built with Russia over her 15 years in power. Berlin has been one of the most prominent receivers of Russian gas across the European continent, and one of the nations struggling the most to rid themselves of their dependency in the aftermath of the Ukrainian invasion. Former US President Donald Trump claimed to have confronted Mrs Merkel at least once, going as far as presenting her "the white flag of surrender" in mockery of her failure.  Asked whether Angela Merkel's legacy should collapse, Mr Trump told TalkTV host Piers Morgan: "It should be shattered, she should have never done it. "I had it out with her – I sent her the white flag of surrender. I sent her a white flag. "I had it brought it right over to her at a different table. "I said, 'it's the white flag of surrender.' She said, 'what do you mean?' And I said, 'you're dependent on Russia for energy. You must be kidding. Just look at the history of Germany and Russia, when it happens you might as well just do me a favour and lift this flag of surrender'." He laughingly added: "It was a very luxurious napkin." More German political figures have been criticised for their close links to Russia, including former President Gerhard Schroeder, who was offered a job on the board of directors of state gas agency Gazprom only this year. And Chancellor Olaf Scholz has come under fire after reports released over the weekend suggested Germany bypassed an EU-wide weapons sales ban to Moscow for years. Brussels imposed an embargo following the annexation of Crimea in 2014, but analysis showed German-based companies have continued to provide Russia with military equipment including bombs and rockets. The German government spokesperson did not give a time frame for when a decision on the Marder deal would be taken. Defence Minister Christine Lambrecht wrote in a letter to the ruling coalition last week that export requests to Ukraine "will be checked with absolute priority. After coordination in the cabinet, they will be decided the same day as a general rule." On their first visit to Ukraine since Russia invaded two months ago, the US Secretaries of State and Defence on Sunday pledged additional military aid to Kyiv, including advanced weapons. DON'T MISS:  Macron's victory night in tatters with Paris deadly protests  [REVEAL] Moscow in FLAMES: Misery for Putin as huge plumes of smoke engulf sky [INSIGHT] Biden praise the defence of Kyiv  [SPOTLIGHT] Ukrainian pleas for heavy weapons have intensified since Moscow shifted its offensive to the eastern region of Donbas, a territory seen as better suited for tank battles than the areas around Kyiv, where much of the fighting has taken place so far. Moscow describes its actions in Ukraine, now entering a third month, as a "special military operation". Russia's foreign ministry said on Monday that it had declared 40 German diplomatic staff "personae non-gratae" in a retaliatory move after Berlin expelled the same number of Russian diplomats. In a statement, Russia's foreign ministry said it had taken the decision after Germany on April 4 declared a "significant number" of officials at the Russian embassy in Berlin "undesirable".