Pop music icon Madonna, 63, has caused yet another stir amongst fans, as she posted a clip of herself turning out some provocative dance moves yesterday. The star looked glammed up in a short black bodysuit, fishnet tights and some dark shades after attending Burberry’s exclusive house party.   Madonna appeared to have a whale of a time at the late-night bash, which was held at a private residence in Los Angeles near the Chateau Marmont on Wednesday. Taking to Instagram, she told her 17.9 million followers: “Don’t stop!! Had so much fun at the @burberry party!! “Finally got to meet the great @ErykahBadu.” She also thanked Riccardo Tisci, Chief Creative Officer at Burberry, and ended with the hashtag #fkatwigs. READ MORE: Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore      Madonna could be seen getting down to FKA twigs’ Papi bones (feat shygirl) as she posed in her provocative outfit. The star could be seen squatting down low and shaking her behind as she lit up the dance floor. Madonna wore a short black bodysuit with long sleeves and a plunging neckline to show off her black bra underneath. She paired it with some fishnet tights and chunky black high-heeled boots.       The musician accessorised with black fingerless gloves, chunky bracelets, a selection of layered necklaces, and black shades. She also wore a black headband over her blonde locks, which had been finely braided. Madonna could also be seen making shapes with American singer-songwriter Erykah Badu, 51, who wore a bright orange dress and what appeared to be a leather beret. Erykah performed at the fashionable event, which was also attended by Irina Shayk, Anitta, Chloe Bailey, Lori Harvey, and Fai Khadra. READ MORE... Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [NEWS] Piers Morgan threatens to ‘storm into GMB' as hosts warn 'lock doors!' [NEWS] Sandra Bullock admits Daniel Radcliffe was 'not who I expected' [INSIGHT]      Over 2,000 of Madonna’s followers took to the comments sections to share their thoughts on the video. Madonna’s ageless looks and remarkably smooth face have left some fans questioning how the star could still be so free of wrinkles in her 60s. After criticisms of her completely smooth appearance on her previous Instagram posts, the star continued to party on with seemingly perfect skin, without paying any notice to the naysayers. “Cringe,” Herbert Jenkins complained, while Ravit Yaakov Cohen added: “Please stop!”      Mikey, however, seemed thrilled by the clip, commenting: “Period mother you look so good and this song is perfect.” (sic) Xerababy added: “Ok taste!!! Come on shy and twigs!!!” (sic) “You look beyond,” Isaac Boots penned with a heart eyes emoji. Yasmin wrote: “Ah yay!!! I love you both. Legend meets legend. Looking fav and having fun, M.” (sic)   