The Earl and Countess of Wessex are currently in the Caribbean as part of their royal tour to celebrate the Queen's 70 year reign. The couple, like other royals who have visited the Caribbean, have faced protests during their trip. Speaking on GB News, royal reporter Cameron Walker discussed the latest royal tour and the "15 people" protest that has been dismantled. Mr Walker said: "I think, when you put this into some context, because these protests were 15 people at the protest in St Vincent. "The population of the country is over 111,000. "So it was a very small number [in attendance]". He added: "The Earl and Countess of Wessex are not the first people to face protests when they go to the Caribbean. "We obviously saw the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge a couple of weeks ago go facing protests. READ MORE: Queen quashes health fears as she visits beloved horses for fourth day in a ROW "But Prince Harry even, in 2016, when he did his Caribbean tour faced protests and Charles has as well. He added: "I think, what's prehaps maybe emphasised the media coverage of these protests is the rise of Republicanism. "Barbados became a Republic and got rid, essentially, of Her Majesty The Queen as their head of state back in November. "Perhaps the rise of the Black Lives Matter movement, as well in recent years, it's come to the forefront". The couple were met with banners of protest on their visit to St Vincent and the Grenadines. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: William 'furious' over Meghan and Harry 'blindsiding' Queen About "15 people" stood outside Government House on the island with banners demanding "End to colonialism". The protests came after an open letter from the Antigua and Barbuda Reparations Support Commission. The letter urged Prince Edward and Sophie to avoid "phoney sanctimony" over slavery. In March, Prince William and Kate embarked on an 8-day Caribbean tour, as part of their celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. When they arrived in Jamaica, they were met by widespread protests from locals. Many protesters demanded that the British monarchy atones for its acts of slavery in the island nation with reparations. The Queen is not only head of state in the UK and Jamaica but also in 15 other countries, including Australia, Canada, and New Zealand. Her Majesty's position as head of state in Jamaica could be at risk as the nation plans to become a republic before the year is over. This could be as early as August.