The couple's scandalous story has been brought to the surface in a new ITV drama called The Thief, His Wife and the Canoe which has left viewers wondering what happened to Anne. The former receptionist helped her former husband fake his own death out at sea in 2002 and claimed life insurance money before the pair were caught out in 2007. Anne was sentenced to more than six years behind bars for her role in the shocking crime. Anne allowed John to live in a home attached to her house for the majority of the five years he was missing and she even lied to her two sons as she attempted to claim his pension, benefits and life insurance.After lying low for years Anne and John were rumbled after he pretended to have amnesia when he turned himself in at a London police station.Their lies were exposed by the media when a photograph emerged of them in Panama, where they hoped to start a new life.They were at the centre of a national scandal and in 2008 John was found guilty of deception charges and jailed for six years and three months. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small boss details story development Anne was sentenced to six-and-a-half years in jail for fraud and money-laundering charges.The couple divorced while they were behind bars, but where is Anne now?It is understood the mother-of-two has rebuilt her life and been forgiven by her two sons Anthony and Mark.Anne now reportedly spends time with her four grandchildren who are still too young to understand the crime she was embroiled in. After her release, she worked for the RSPCA using the qualifications she gained in prison and moved to a village near York.In an interview with This Morning in 2016, Anne said: "I came through that [depression in prison] with help and I've managed to turn my life around."I made the best of the opportunity that I could with all that was on offer in prison as far as education."I equipped myself with up-to-date qualifications so I could find a job and give myself the best chance to start a new life." DON'T MISS...Anne Darwin defended by journalist who broke canoe story [LATEST]Anne Darwin actress opens up on character struggle 'Still mysterious'  [INTERVIEW]'So wrong' The Thief, His Wife and the Canoe slated over accents [REACTION] Anne is believed to now be living in a village near Middlesbrough where some neighbours are aware of her criminal past.The Daily Mail has claimed Anne has reverted to her maiden name and was unable to comment on the ITV drama documenting her and her former husband's fraud.A neighbour told the publication they simply know her as Anne.They added: "She is very quiet but friendly. She has never mentioned what she did, but then why should she. "I do remember the whole canoe story. It’s quite amusing that she is living here, but I suppose it was a long time ago and she is just getting on with her life."Anne has also written a book about what happened, called Out of My Depth, with the proceeds going to the RSPCA.She maintains to this day she was coerced into the fake death scam by John. 