Piers Morgan claimed Donald Trump “foamed at the mouth” in an explosive showdown ahead of his interview with the former US President on his new Talk TV show. Piers said someone had shown Trump unflattering remarks he had written about the ex-politician, and he was furious. Piers feared Trump would call the interview off completely after being sent clippings from Piers’ columns about him, including quotes where Piers called him “a narcissist” who was “acting like a mafia mob boss”. The former Good Morning Britain host had also claimed Trump’s “stupendous ego couldn’t accept losing” and it “sent him nuts”. Learning that Trump was “very upset”, Piers says he decided to visit him in a bid to defend himself and placate the American businessman. During their pre-interview meeting, Piers says Trump read from a list of all the worst things Piers ever wrote about him. Piers had said Trump should be removed from office and barred from running for office ever again, had spread “bats*** crazy coronavirus cure theories” and that he couldn’t accept losing. “I’d never seen him so livid or felt so uncomfortable in his presence as I did right now in his office,” Piers wrote. “He was almost foaming at the mouth and kept shaking his head slowly and menacingly at me, like Don Corleone when he felt he’d been disrespected.” Piers continued to say in his column in The Sun that he managed to win Trump back over with a simple compliment. He said he changed the topic of conversation to golf, telling Trump it was “amazing” that he had got seven holes in one - though he added that he secretly didn’t believe this claim. But it won Trump over, according to Piers, and he agreed to do the interview. The drama didn’t end there - the trailer for the episode of Piers Morgan: Uncensored shows Trump storming off as they entered into a blazing row. Discussing Trump’s defeat in the US Presidential election to Joe Biden, Piers says: “It was a free and fair election – you lost.” “Only a fool would think that,” Trump hits back. “Do you think I’m a fool?” Piers asks and the politician reveals: “I do now.” “With respect, you haven’t produced the hard evidence,” Piers argues. Cutting the TalkTV host off, Trump exclaims: “Excuse me!” “I don’t think you’re real,” Trump remarks. “Very dishonest.” As the pair continue to clash, the former US President announces: “Let’s finish up the interview.” Trump then walks off while ordering: “Turn the camera off, very dishonest.”