Liz Sheridan has died just five days after marking her 93rd birthday. The actress rose to fame as Jerry Seinfeld's mother, Helen, in the classic sitcom Seinfeld. Liz died of natural causes, according to TMZ.  The star appeared in all nine seasons of Seinfield, which aired from 1990 to 1998.  Liz was the only actor to star in all seasons, apart from the actors who portrayed the four lead roles; Jerry Seinfeld, Jason Alexander, Julia Louis-Dreyfus and Michael Richards.  The star followed in her parents’ footsteps by going into showbusiness, as she was the daughter of concert singer Elizabeth Poole-Jones and classical pianist, Frank Sheridan. READ MORE... Prince Harry in 'fit of pique' after royal snub says Loose Women star  Liz’s big break into the acting industry came when she landed the role of Mrs Ochmonek, the nosy neighbour, on Alien Life Form from 1986 to 1990.    Alongside her role in Seinfeld, Liz appeared in over a dozen films and 60 prime time network television movies.    The actress also developed an on-stage career on Broadway throughout the 1970s.    She notably starred alongside Oscar winner Meryl Streep and Christopher Lloyd in the 1977 musical, Happy End.  Away from her acting career, Liz had a brief romance with a then-unknown James Dean. The actors met while Liz was working as a dancer in New York City nightclubs. "We had great times... We didn't want to be apart," the Seinfeld star divulged in her book, Dizzy & Jimmy: My Life with James Dean: A Love Story. She added: "We found a place and lived together... before he really hit it big." DON'T MISS:Free and naked Britney bares it all on Instagram [PICS]Cillian Murphy quits London after kids develop 'posh English accents' [COMMENT]Amanda Owen hits back as fan asks ‘why doesn’t your husband appear?' [OPINION] Following her relationship with the Hollywood star, Liz met jazz musician William Dale Wales in Puerto Rico.  The couple stayed together from 1960 until his death in 2003.  They married in 1985 and welcomed one daughter into their family.  Liz is survived by her daughter, who has a career as a photographer in New York City, and her son-in-law.