The Prince of Wales will appear remotely at the Our Ocean conference to discuss what more can be done to protect the planet from environmental disaster. In a major speech, Charles will warn attendees about how the decline in the health of the waters is "dire". The message will be screened later today as the seventh Our Ocean conference, which is being hosted by the United States and the Republic of Palau, formally opens. Charles will also be joined at the two-day summit by 44th US President Barack Obama and the US special climate envoy John Kerry, according to the Mirror. The Duke of Cornwall will also say he hopes the summit will lead to a "global alliance" in response to the "crisis". The heir apparent believes this could connect private, public and NGO sectors together in a bid to protect the environment. JUST IN: 'What I’ve always wanted!' Queen given fake hand for when arm tires on royal engagements He will add: "What we do to the Ocean, and to Nature, we ultimately do to ourselves. "As stewards of this precious planet, it is our actions, and our actions alone, that will determine its future." However, the Duke of Cornwall will also detail a solution to the problem. Outlining the many major factors, Charles will call on big businesses and governments to come together to repair the global economy while tackling the ongoing climate emergency. READ MORE: Queen secures knockout victory as beloved horse set to race at Epsom for Jubilee He will add: "This situation is indeed dire and the consequences of inaction and ‘business as usual’ are unimaginable. "We must recognize that our economic system is at the heart of the problem, precisely because it is at odds, and not in harmony with, nature’s own “economy”; however, this same economic system of ours, if re-targeted, is key to the solution." However, his plan looks set to protect at least 30 percent of the ocean by 2030 and 50 percent by 2050. It is thought this could help the ocean and marine ecosystems to recuperate. The second factor is rewarding sustainable fishing practices and penalising those who fail in a bid to incentivise better marine management. DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry get armed police protection in Holland - as Dutch also won't let Duke pay [LATEST]Harry and Meghan to 'hitch a ride' with Dutch royals in security twist [LIVE]Disgraced Prince Andrew shuts down another business venture in further blow to Duke [UPDATE] The third point is to address plastic pollution. The fourth is to reimagine the future of tourism and the final point sees the Prince highlight major scientific research which proves the protection and restoration of key ocean habitats can equally play a vital role in addressing climate change. Charles' conference appearance comes just months after the Prince attended the United Nations' COP26 climate change summit in Glasgow. During his visit to Scotland's largest city, the Prince of Wales said the world had had enough of talking and stressed "we need to put our words and commitments into practice".