Queues of vehicles have been reported across the country as the disruption has begun to affect supply. Diesel has been particularly difficult for drivers to get hold of adding misery to motorists who rely on the increasingly expensive fuel as prices rocket.  Ports in Essex seem to have been the worst affected with protesters attaching themselves to fuel tankers with bike locks. Industry representatives have stressed there is no issue with the supply of oil, and it is all down to disruption to deliveries. One source at a major petrol station operator told MailOnline the disruption was due to the protests. They said: “[The protests] are affecting every retailer in the country.  “We have no issue at all with supply, but we're having to get fuel deliveries from terminals elsewhere in the UK that haven't been affected by this huge disruption.” A spokesperson for Just Stop Oil told the publication they felt “no choice but to act” to pressure the Government into cutting off Britain's reliance on fuel. They said: “The Government can end the misery of empty filling stations immediately by making a statement to end new oil and gas.” Chafford Hundred, West Thurrock and the Purfleet Fuels Terminals are among the 10 sites that have been blocked across the country. READ MORE:Boris Johnson refuses to rule out plunging UK into new lockdown if new  The operation has cost more than £1 million since last Friday, according to Essex's Deputy Chief Constable Andy Prophet, and more protestors have continued to arrive. Seven of the ten protests were carried out by Just Stop Oil at Navigator Terminals Thames, Inter Terminals UK and Purfleet Fuels Terminal all in Grays; Buncefield Oil Depot in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire; Esso Petroleum in Tyburn, Birmingham; and Kingsbury Oil Terminal and BP Oil Depot, both in Tamworth, Staffordshire. The further three were organised by Extinction Rebellion demonstrators at the Esso West Terminal near London Heathrow Airport, Hamble Terminals in Southampton and Hythe Terminal in Fawley, Hampshire. In a tweet by Extinction Rebellion's Cambridge branch. the group shared photos of fuel “running dry across Cambridge” DON'T MISS:  Have your say: Would YOU follow the rules if Boris enacts lockdown? [REVEAL] Oil price crash: UK motorists relief as West plans emergency release  [INSIGHT] Britain to be lashed with 4cm snow as bitter -5C cold snap returns  [SPOTLIGHT]   It comes as it has been reported holidaymakers are facing a “tsunami of traffic” driving to the Eurotunnel or ferry crossings which risk derailing Easter plans. The cancellation of P&O Ferry services following the instant sacking of 800 staff has created backlogs as other ferry companies and Eurotunnel attempt to accommodate additional passengers. According to some drivers, journeys were taking three times as long while Eurotunnel described it as a “sort of tsunami of traffic all at one time.” Eurotunnel told The Telegraph the number of passengers was impossible to “sustain”. They said: “We’re running at 25-30 percent above our capacity. “The level of traffic that’s diverted from those ferries that are out of service is huge. “While you can cope with that for short periods of time, you can’t sustain it.” 