Madonna, 63, left nothing to the imagination as she stripped down to just a corset and a lace thong in a recent TikTok video. The Material Girl singer caused a stir among the social media platform’s users as she danced in front of the camera. Madonna accessorised the racy ensemble with a number of silver chains and necklaces with crucifix pendants. The clip was posted in the early hours of the morning but has since been taken down. Some online users questioned the timing of the upload, while others pointed out that the pop star was using a feature-altering filter. The filter appeared to add some colour to her face as well as freckles. READ MORE: ITV's Charlene White slams 'misplaced vitriol' aimed at Prince Harry One person commented: “She looks about 16.” Another user pointed out that the singer had a “baby face”. "Madonna it's 5 in the morning," another user penned. A fourth person enquired: “It's almost 6 am Madonna, What're ye dooin?" (sic) Another added: "I LOVE Madonna but seriously - what is going on with her lately!?" Madonna has recently come under fire after fans noticed a change in her appearance in one of her TikTok posts. In the clip, which has also been deleted, some expressed concerns over her face, which appeared to be swollen. Madonna uploaded the video ahead of the 2022 Grammy Awards, prompting fans to take to the comments to discuss her looks. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [LATEST]Nick Knowles ‘rages’ at backlash over new partner 'Wealthier than me!' [UPDATE]Stacey Solomon issues apology over 'unrelatable' swimming pool update [INSIGHT] She moved into the camera and panned out again, showcasing her swollen cheekbones and puffy lips. The singer could be seen going braless in a mesh top, accessorised with silver and sparkly jewellery. Her long, blonde hair was plaited and fell either side of her face, with small gold butterfly clips holding her fringe in place. User Mike Mulloy said: "What happened to you?" AmyLeweez commented: "This is completely unsettling." Erica Lynne LoConto typed: "I've loved Madonna since I was little... huge fan... love her... but this is a hard pass. “What has she done to herself?" Lysa Mathis-Sargent penned: "I miss the old Madonna."