Lewis Hamilton has struggled during the new F1 season so far, with Mercedes battling to keep pace with Ferrari already. However, the Brit should be incredibly proud after making history with the Silver Arrows by clocking up 180 Grand Prix appearances with the team. It speaks volumes about both his durability and talent that he’s been able to register such a feat. Hamilton made history at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix last weekend. The Brit, who ended up finishing tenth during a chastening ordeal, made his 180th Grand Prix start for a single team - meaning he’s now smashed yet another record. Hamilton started his career at McClaren but ended up moving to Mercedes back in 2013. He’s been dominant on the grid ever since, winning six titles to move him level with Michael Schumacher when it comes to championship successes. And it’s certainly something the 37-year-old should be proud of given he’s done something no other driver in F1 history has managed. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Hamilton is a class apart and has been for some time. A few issues so far this season shouldn’t detract from the sportsman he is, even if he’ll do well to be crowned champion again. It is one thing competing in F1 but staying there, at the very top of his game, is a remarkable accomplishment. Hamilton has competed in the same era as the likes of Sebastian Vettel and Nico Rosberg, as well as Red Bull star Max Verstappen. And he’s still been able to keep the victories and records flowing, captivating and enthralling Formula One fans in the process. It’s also worth noting that Hamilton, by continuing to race, has been able to lead changes within the sport. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Using his platform as a superstar, the Mercedes driver recently had no issue calling on Saudi Arabia to improve their human rights record. "Ultimately it is the responsibility of those in power to make the changes and we're not really seeing enough. We need to see more," Hamilton said. And despite admitting it was not the drivers’ responsibility to bring about change, he did make it clear it was worth acknowledging for the wider world. "We try and do what we can and it's important we try to educate ourselves and with the little bit of difference we can try to make make sure we are doing something,” he said. If Hamilton was retired, his comments could easily be swept under the rug. But the fact he’s still going, and still as the centre of everything good about F1, has enabled him to lead the fight for change. He’d also previously criticised Saudi’s stance towards the LGBTQ+ community, saying in December: “If anyone wants to take time to read what the law is for the LGBT+ community, it is pretty terrifying. “There are changes that need to be made.” Hamilton will be hoping to make more history this year as Mercedes look to win the title back. But he already has plenty to do, with Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc already very much established as the man to beat. Meanwhile, speaking recently, Hamilton opened up on his upcoming documentary and what he wants from it. “We have this documentary that we’re working on and I think you have to just do everything at the right time,” he said. “The documentary is the current focus. “I think stories are there to be told. I think it’s important. I think there’s lots that can be learned. “And as I mentioned, for people, if you can affect and have a positive impact, if your story can have one positive impact even on one person or one family that could be amazing.”