Tiger Woods is once again making headlines in the world of golf, after confirming his return at this week’s Masters Tournament. Woods had been absent from the PGA Tour after suffering severe injuries in a high-speed car accident back in February 2021. Many feared the crash could well lead to the premature retirement of arguably golf’s greatest ever player, however in typical Woods fashion the American has battled back to return to where he belongs. A gruelling rehabilitation followed and now remarkably, 14 months on the 82-time PGA Tour winner will be back on the tee come Thursday’s opening round at Augusta.  The iconic Georgia course no doubt provides Woods with a fairytale setting for his eagerly-anticipated comeback. The opening major of the year is recognised as the Tour’s flagship event, and is a tournament in which 15-time major winner has enjoyed plenty of success having claimed five green jackets during his career. His most recent came back in 2019, and similarly to this event his week at Augusta capped off an extremely difficult couple of years. 23 months prior to his most recent Masters victory Woods arguably hit his lowest, after he was arrested in Florida on a driving under the influence charge. Like in the aftermath of his 2021 crash, many in the golf world thought this would be the end for the 82-time green but they were wrong. His victories two years after his arrest took the world by storm, and is no doubt recognised as one of sport’s greatest comebacks. Three years on from his 2019 triumph, his return at this year’s tournament is a remarkable feat in itself but unsurprisingly the American is out for more. Following the announcement that he was set to compete in Thursday’s opening round Woods was asked if he felt he could win the event, to which he responded: “Yes I do.” On the cusp of it many may take Woods’ comment with a pinch of salt. The Masters offers the opportunity for past winners to return to compete at any point following their victory, and this week therefore presented the perfect opportunity to return after 17 months away from competitive golf. Woods however isn’t there to make up numbers, not now, and not ever. Rewind back to his very first event as a professional, a young fresh-faced Woods was quizzed by Curtis Strange as to what a successful week would be at the 1996 event. In typical Woods fashion he responded: “Two things. Playing for solid rounds… and a victory would be awfully nice too.” A shocked Strange was clearly taken back, and went on to ask the calm and collective 20-year-old what he thought of his fellow Tour pros thinking his comments were ‘cocky’ and ‘brash’. Once again he quickly responded: “Why go to a tournament if you aren’t going to try and win, there is really no point. That’s the attitude I have had all my life and that is the attitude I will always have.” 26 years on, this mentality hasn’t changed and with 82 PGA Tour wins to his name, Woods has more than lived up to his word. Despite having had so long out of the game, and still feeling the effects of life from his changing injuries, Woods’ attitude will be the same as it has been right through his glittering career. There is no doubt the 15-time major champion would not be competing this week without fully believing he is capable of slipping his arms into the famous green jacket on Sunday. And, despite his recent troubles and time away, it feels hard to disagree with him. 