On Monday’s Lorraine, royal expert Russell Myers spoke about Queen Elizabeth II after she had failed to attend the Easter service at St. George's Chapel. In recent months, the Queen, who turns 96 next week, has been struggling with mobility issues and had also contracted COVID-19 earlier this year. Christine Lampard, who has been stepping in for host Lorraine over the Easter holidays, was joined by Russell to discuss the Queen. Christine asked: “How do we think the Queen is right now? “For her to miss the Easter service is a huge deal Russell, as wonderful as it was to see all the little ones with William and Kate but she was missing and you sensed that yesterday.” Russell replied: “She's missed a few occasions recently or certainly the Monday and Thursday service last week. READ MORE:Death in Paradise star on why BBC bosses made costume 'too big'  “She was represented by Prince Charles and then the Easter service which she hasn't missed in over 50 years now. Russell went on to say: “The Queen is still super pin sharp of mind speaking to people at the palace, but she does suffer from these mobility issues. “And I think we just shouldn't expect her at any engagement until sort of the day it comes. “So it's very, very much a case of sort of waiting and seeing how the Queen feels on the day at the moment,” he added.    In recent appearances, the British monarch has been seen using a walking stick. Buckingham Palace had previously released a statement to say that the Queen will continue to carry out "light duties”. The Queen had spoken out about her bout of Covid, saying it left her “very tired and exhausted”. While speaking on a call with front-line workers, she said: “It does leave one very tired and exhausted, doesn't it?”  The royal, who was speaking to Asef Hussain, a patient being treated for COVID-19 at north-east London hospital, told him: “This horrible pandemic." Appearing on a live video call, she stated: “It's not a nice result." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex met the Queen on Thursday after flying into the UK, a spokesperson for the couple confirmed to the BBC. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry had stopped at Windsor Castle on their way to The Hague, in the Netherlands, for the Invictus Games, a charity founded by Harry. Royal specialist Jennie Bond spoke about their meeting, saying: “Well, I think it's the first step in what's going to be a very long road. of putting his family back together again, really. “But he's a very loving young man and he loves his grandmother that made up such a big part of his upbringing. "He lost his mother [Princess Diana] when he was 12 years old and the Queen stepped in in a big way." “I think it came out of a sense of true love to see his granny who's nearly 96 this coming week, and who is, as we all see, ailing and a little weak now,” she told BBC Breakfast host Rachel Burden. Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV at 9am