Reports claim Manchester United have started work on a surprise transfer deal for Leeds stalwart Kalvin Phillips, who could be set to become the first signing of the Erik ten Hag era. The England international was named the Three Lions' Player of the Year in 2020 and talks over a new contract with Leeds are yet to have reached a positive conclusion.  That has now opened the door for United to strike and pull off an unexpected deal for the combative, defensive midfielder. United chiefs want to make at least two signings in the engine room this summer to bolster their squad ahead of the 2022/23 campaign. Now the Manchester Evening News claim work on a deal for Phillips is underway as the club continue to finalise Ten Hag's appointment in the background. Declan Rice had been top of United's shortlist but West Ham's steep £150million valuation means he is out of the club's reach. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag wants to sign 'two of Ajax's best players' for Man Utd once named new manager Phillips is deemed to be a much more achievable target with the player currently valued at around £60m. United are not the only Premier League club interested in the 26-year-old, who caught the eye at Euro 2020, though. West Ham made an enquiry in January before being told where to go by Leeds and Aston Villa are thought to be preparing a summer bid. Steven Gerrard is determined to sign a new holding midfielder player and Phillips is deemed worthy of the club's transfer record. READ MORE: PSG 'could sell Lionel Messi and Neymar to MLS this summer' in surprise transfer twistThomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea bossMan Utd watch Darwin Nunez rough up Virgil van Dijk as Liverpool battle past Benfica Ralf Rangnick is set to move into a consultancy role this summer and he has advised United to target self-motivated, hungry players who want to further their careers. The Red Devils could be hindered, however, if they fail to qualify for the Champions League. Although that's not on offer at Elland Road, United may need to provide assurances of Europe's elite club competition to maximise their chances of twisting Phillips' arm. There is genuine bad blood between both United and Leeds, which will lead to doubts as to whether Phillips would be prepared to cross enemy lines. His England team-mate Jude Bellingham is also believed to be of interest to United, although Borussia Dortmund look set to sell Erling Haaland over the energetic teenager at the end of the season. United have maintained a respectable professional relationship with Leeds following the deadline day sale of Daniel James to the White last August. Phillips' current Leeds deal is due to expire in the summer of 2024 but the club remain confident their academy graduate will extend his stay in West Yorkshire. Things seemed to be moving in the right direction last week, when newspaper reports claimed Phillips was on the verge of agreeing a contract extension.