Manchester United interim boss Ralf Rangnick could use his RB Leipzig contacts to prise promising midfielder Konrad Laimer away from the German club at the end of the season. Rangnick was appointed Red Devils manager on a temporary basis last November and he is set to move to a behind-the-scenes role in the summer. Rangnick enjoyed a near-decade association with Leipzig during roles as the club’s manager and sporting director before departing in 2020. And he could now touch base with his former employers to ascertain whether they are willing to allow Laimer to move to Manchester. Rangnick was at Leipzig when they signed the now-24-year-old from RB Salzburg in 2017. And, according to Bild, he would be an “absolute advocator” for the Austrian star if he were to move to the 13-time Premier League champions. United are in desperate need of midfield reinforcements, with Fred and Scott McTominay coming under fire at times this season. And the Red Devils look set to lose Paul Pogba when his contact expires in the summer. So Laimer could be the perfect solution to United’s problems. READ MORE: Man Utd hero Wayne Rooney backs Liverpool to beat Man City in crunch clash   Laimer has been in fine form this season and has helped his team climb to fourth in the Bundesliga table. On Saturday, he scored twice and assisted another goal as Leipzig stunned Borussia Dortmund 4-1 at Signal Iduna Park. And the player, helped by those sort of endeavours, has caught the attentions of clubs in England. Laimer could be keen to test himself in the Premier League against some of the best players in the world. But Leipzig plan to open talks with him at the end of the campaign over extending his current contract, which runs until next summer. DON'T MISS...Man Utd flop Anthony Martial hits new low with Sevilla loanLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'happy' with Mohamed Salah contract talksGary Lineker raves over Barcelona starlet Pedri during Sevilla win     “After the season, there is still enough time for talks,” Laimer said when asked about his future following his goalscoring exploits against Dortmund. So it remains to be seen whether Rangnick can entice him to Old Trafford. Much could depend on who United appoint as their permanent manager and whether the new boss holds Laimer in the same regard as Rangnick apparently does. The Red Devils’ next manager has a huge rebuilding project on his hands in the north west and will tasked with transforming a reportedly damaged culture. United haven’t won the Premier League title since 2013 – and the new man in the hotseat will have to work wonders to get the side back to the top. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 