The world of Star Trek was resurrected for the small screen by CBS All Access, now Paramount+, in 2017 with the brand new series, Star Trek: Discovery. Meanwhile, the show’s first-ever female captain, Kate Mulgrew, has reprised her role as Captain Kathryn Janeway for the first time in over 20 years but admitted to Express.co.uk she hasn’t been watching the adventures of her successor, Michael Burnham (played by Sonequa Martin-Green). Star Trek legend Kate revealed she hasn’t seen the latest episodes of the sci-fi franchise as she reprises her iconic role in animated form. The latest iteration of the Federation’s quest into deep space has received mixed reviews from critics and Trekkies alike. As Sonequa and the main cast gear up for a confirmed fifth season, Kate admitted she wasn’t familiar with the adventures of the show’s new captain. “I’m not going to comment on Discovery, because I haven’t really watched it,” she told the Express. READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry “Is it fair? There’s just so much to see and I’d rather watch Prodigy!” Kate became the first-ever female starship captain to helm a series when Voyager began in 1995. However, the actress has been too busy reprising her role for Star Trek’s new animated series to catch up. Star Trek: Prodigy is now coming to Nickelodeon in the UK, and introduces Janeway to a whole new generation of explorers. In the new children's series, Janeway returns in animated form to assist Dal R'El (Brett Gray), Gwyndala (Ella Purnell) and their ragtag crew pilot the USS Protostar. After a warm reception in the States, the show is confirmed to be getting a second season, but there could also be a possibility for Janeway to return elsewhere. Kate speculated: “It would be interesting to see how she is in her dotage. “I think, probably, very, very advanced in her spatial science, probably more passionate than ever. And certainly more fearless.” DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth pays tribute to co-stars [VIDEO]Outlander author on character ‘showrunners were loath to lose’ [INTERVIEW]NCIS’ Sean Murray pays tribute to daughter ahead of guest role [INSIGHT] As Burnham has held a number of different roles in Discovery, Janeway is the only central female character to have started and remained as captain throughout her tenure. She added: “[Janeway is] still the only real - I know everybody’s going to jump up and say this is wrong, but I’m saying it’s right - still, really, the only true female captain. “I’m proud of it. That franchise is tough! Seven years? It’s no joke.” Kate may not have caught up with the latest iterations, but the former Star Trek lead has remained just as passionate about the franchise and her role as Janeway. As there are no signs of the series slowing down, there will be plenty of opportunities to further explore Janeway’s story in live-action over the coming years. In addition to Discovery and Prodigy, the franchise has also returned Patrick Stewart to his iconic role as Captain Jean-Luc Picard in two seasons of his own sequel series. There is also a new prequel of the original series, titled Strange New Worlds, in the works, with Anson Mount reprising his Discovery appearance as Enterprise Captain Christopher Pike. In March this year, actor Paul Wesley was announced to be playing James T Kirk for the show’s second season, which has already begun filming. Plus, a second outing for Prodigy is also in the works, as well as Paramount+’s animated comedy series, Star Trek: Lower Decks. Star Trek: Prodigy launches on Nickelodeon this April 2022. Star Trek: Discovery is available to stream on Paramount+ in the USA and PlutoTV in the UK.