Liverpool star Mohamed Salah has been urged by Egypt's sports minister to leave Anfield and seek a new challenge elsewhere. Ashraf Sobhi is merely the latest in a growling line of authoritative names to deliver similar advice amid Salah's contract standoff on Merseyside. Reds fans are holding out for positive news regarding Salah's contract after the latest updates offered little other than discouragement. Talks are believed to have broken down back in December when the player and his entourage were not tempted by the wages on offer. Nevertheless, Sobhi claims that Salah's desire is to commit his future to Liverpool despite advising him otherwise in a recent meeting. "I met with Salah after the end of the Senegal match and said to him to forget what happened and focus on what’s next," he said. "I have advised him to continue his journey at a club other than Liverpool, but his direction now is to renew his contract with Liverpool." Express Sport looks at three other high-profile figures that have urged Salah to ditch the Reds, who continue to stand firm on their latest offer of a new deal. JUST IN: Rangers fans warned of 20-point deduction after ugly Old Firm scenes against Celtic Back in February last year, Nigerian legend Jay-Jay Okocha was quick to pounce on growing rumours that Barcelona could mount a swoop for Salah. Further down the line and with no new contract signed, La Blaugrana are still reportedly eyeing up the Egyptian as a blockbuster summer signing. Okocha, who racked up over 500 career appearances for the likes of Paris Saint-Germain and Bolton Wanderers, told ONTime Sports: "If there is a chance to join Barcelona, ​​I advise Salah to go there. The situation is now regressing in Liverpool, and Salah must leave the Premier League." DON'T MISS...Shaun Goater names two next Man City boss options that would annoy ArsenalSimon Jordan responds after Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp declared he's not a fan of punditMan Utd icon Wayne rooney trolls Gary Neville over 'highlight' of his career The Cameroonian marksman was even quicker to try and tempt Salah towards La Liga, calling on the flying forward to join up with Barcelona way back in 2019. Eto'o spent a prolific five-year spell at the Camp Nou between 2004 and 2009 and boasts four African Footballer of the Year awards to Salah's two. "Barcelona would be a better fit," he told BBC Sport. "Real Madrid gave me the opportunity to leave Africa but I know Barcelona's style and I think it would be better for him. If he has the chance to play in the best league of the world, which is the Spanish one, he has to sign for Barcelona." Drogba and Salah shared a dressing room when the Ivorian returned to Chelsea for a season in the twilight of his career. In November last year, Drogba offered his former team-mate some transfer advice with one eye and a wink towards the Blues' fortunes. "If I am selfish, I will tell Salah to leave Liverpool and return to Chelsea," he said. "My opinion is that Salah will remain the best, no matter if he continues at Liverpool or if he moves. Any other team would perform better [with him] because he understands what he is doing, is good at scoring and creating goals, and only needs the confidence of the coach."