The man, 49, and his son, nine, were both pronounced dead at the scene. Two other members of the same family have been critically injured.    The woman, 50, and a teenage boy, 14, were sedated before being airlifted to hospital. It is understood they suffered severe injuries to the head and abdomen. A fifth member of the family, a 15-year-old girl, was unharmed but has been described as "extremely distressed" by New South Wales Police Detective Acting Superintendent John Nelson.  The family members were identified as a husband and wife travelling with three children.  The family was on holiday at Wentworth Falls in the Blue Mountains, to the west of Sydney, when they were caught in the landslide on Monday. The area is a popular destination for tourists.  New South Wales Police said in a statement: "The five people are all members of the same family and are British nationals who were holidaying in Australia. "The British Consulate is assisting in the matter." READ MORE: French urged to turn off dishwashers as energy crisis deepens  Stewart Clarke, New South Wales Acting Chief Superintendent, described the scene that rescuers arrived at to be "exceptionally confronting and heartbreaking". He added the scene was "extremely dangerous" and "unstable", making rescue efforts difficult. He continued: "This was a really complex and delicate rescue operation for our crews who were working to access patients in rugged bushland and were navigating unstable ground." Constant rain in the region had made the isolated spot treacherous for emergency services. DON'T MISS: Kate & William prepping move to Windsor - inside £2.5m Frogmore House [INSIGHT] Ukraine LIVE: Poland 'open' to nuclear weapons on soil - huge fallout [LIVE] Brexit: Trade collapse warning over red tape 'nightmare' [REPORT]   Some parts of the region have been left flooded after relentless rain, but trails had been open at the time of the tragic accident. Police are now investigating the deaths and injuries, looking into precisely how the tragedy occurred.  Superintendent Clarke extended his condolences to any family members or passersby who witnessed the landslide. He said: "This is absolutely heartbreaking for all involved and a truly tragic ending to what I'm sure was meant to be a pleasant day out."  He added: "It is terribly sad to have lost two lives here today and my heart goes out to the families and the survivors of this horrific ordeal who have witnessed what is certainly a traumatic event." The rescue effort involved numerous different emergency services, including seven teams of paramedics arriving via road. Two helicopters were called to the scene, carrying a critical care paramedic and critical care doctor. New South Wales Fire and Rescue were alerted to the incident, as well as local police forces and specialist Police Rescue teams. 