Party headquarters have briefed parliamentarians with the latest data as they urged them to get out on the doorstep and sell Boris Johnson's vision for Britain to the nation. The House of Commons has broken up for the Easter holidays with MPs heading back to their constituencies from today. The polling figures are thought to give Labour a six-point lead over the Conservatives. Research was carried out for the party over the past two weeks, to get a sense of the mood of the nation. Despite Boris Johnson leading on the world stage during the Ukraine crisis, the Tories trail Labour at 31 points to 37 among voters. The data, seen by The Sun suggests the Opposition is winning on key issues such as cost of living, the NHS, regional inequality and law and order. READ MORE: Rachel Reeves takes aim at Rishi Sunak after mini budget There is particular pressure on Home Secretary Priti Patel over her failure to contain the rise in migrant crossings in the English Channel and the UK's refugee response to the Ukraine crisis. One Tory MP said: "I would say Priti Patel is in trouble. "I think the problem she has is that people think she has talked the talk but she hasn’t solved the problems." Launching Labour's campaign for the local elections yesterday, Sir Keir called on voters to "send a message to Boris Johnson and his Tories that they can’t ignore". "We don’t have a Government that is on the side of working people, that is on the side of businesses, that’s on the side of pensioners," he claimed. "And that’s the difference with Labour. DON'T MISS:Keir Starmer wants GARY NEVILLE to help him get elected [INSIGHT]Timeline of 2022 elections - Is there an election near you this year? [EXPLAINED]Len McCluskey warns Starmer 'Scottish Labour is dying' [REACTION] "Labour is a party that is on your side." Last year's local elections ended in humiliation for Sir Keir Starmer as the party lost ground to the Conservatives. It lost 326 councillors in total across the country, while the Tories gained 235 new local representatives. Sir Keir admitted at the time he was "bitterly disappointed" by the results. But a year on and it is Mr Johnson under pressure. With the raging cost of living crisis and the continued fallout over the so-called partygate scandal, many Tory MPs believe the results will be a referendum of the Prime Minister's leadership. Earlier this year, some MPs considering whether to submit letters of no confidence in Mr Johnson vowed to wait until after the local elections. While the war in Ukraine means a leadership contest is now unlikely, whatever the result, losses to Labour will add to the nerves of backbench MPs. Voters go to the polls on May 6 to vote.