Meghan Markle and her husband Prince Harry made a surprise visit to the UK last week. Before heading to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex stopped-off at Windsor and paid a visit to Harry’s grandmother, the Queen. It marked the first time the couple had been on British soil together since they stepped down from their roles as senior royals two years ago. Following their exit, the Sussexes sat down for a bombshell interview with US chat show host Oprah Winfrey and explained their reasons for leaving the Royal Family — the main being that they felt there was a “lack of support and lack of understanding.” However, royal biographer Howard Hodgson has now claimed that Meghan never intended to stay in the Royal Family. He said that like Harry’s late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, Meghan liked the “idea of being a princess”, but that the former Hollywood star knew that the role would not be for her. He told Express.co.uk: “I’m sure Diana just genuinely did not understand that being a princess is a horrible thing: you can’t go to the loo without having someone standing outside the door, you do the same things every day on the same dates every year for the rest of your life and you have to be polite to everybody all the time. “So I think she found out quite quickly that this is not Cinderella. “But I think Meghan knew that the whole time and she just had no intention of staying.” Meghan and Harry moved to North America in 2020, and now reside in Montecito, California with their two children — Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana. Their trip across the pond came amid speculation of a rift between them and the rest of the Royal Family. Before recently visiting the Queen, Harry had only returned to his home country twice — once for his grandfather Prince Philip’s funeral and later for the unveiling of a statue of Diana. The overseas trip marked Meghan’s first visit to Europe since the exit. They reportedly met with Prince Charles ahead of visiting the Queen at her home in Windsor Castle. Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, were in Windsor for the Maundy Thursday service. DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry invited to Buckingham Palace -inside the Queen's home [LATEST]Prince Harry 'will want to' heal rift with Royal Family [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle is Harry's 'unashamed fan' in Invictus Games speech [INSIGHT] According to MailOnline, the meeting only lasted 15 minutes and was described as “edgy”. A source told the publication: “He (Charles) loves his son and he has been broken-hearted by everything that has taken place, although he fears history repeating itself with Harry just as it did with Princess Diana. “But he also wants to keep the door open and keep talking, something he still regrets not doing with Diana." After the meeting with Charles, Harry and Meghan then saw the Queen where the “atmosphere was a lot less edgy”. The pair have been invited to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations but will not have a formal role, according to reports. Palace officials are understood to be working on the assumption that non-working members of the Royal Family will be involved in some events. According to the Telegraph, Harry and Meghan could appear at family events throughout the four-day weekend, including the traditional balcony appearance, as well as a service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral. The couple did not attend Prince Philip’s memorial service last month and no reason was given for their planned absence. But their decision came amid Harry’s ongoing legal battle over security arrangements in the UK. He has previously said he wants to bring his children to London but insisted he "does not feel safe" doing so without the protection he seeks. Royal aides told the Telegraph that the Sussexes’ involvement in the Platinum Jubilee “would mean a lot to Her Majesty”.