 BBC journalist Claire Marshall delved into the health and safety issues in farming on Sunday’s episode of Countryfile. She met up with numerous farmers suffering from Parkinson's Disease who feared their condition could be linked to years of using a toxic herbicide. Keen to know more Claire investigated a weed killer called Paraquat that was used by the farmers. Many viewers were left stunned by the report and took to Twitter to share their thoughts.  During her report, Claire met up with a woman named Julie Plumley whose father died after battling Parkinson’s Disease for many years. Claire explained: “John who died in 2016 always believed his illness was linked to the chemicals he was exposed to on the farm. “One particularly toxic weed killer he used was called Paraquat,” she told viewers. Julie explained that throughout her father’s early career, health and safety was very different to modern standards. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in...     She said: “Obviously we didn’t have the equipment people have got now so everything was done by hand. “There was always liquid going down on him somewhere,” Julie revealed. Claire questioned: “So he would have bare arms and a hand spray?” “Yeah, bare arms and hand sprayer, and it was breezy. It would have got on him,” Julie said.    Claire told viewers: “A lack of safety equipment was too often the reality for farmers back in the 70s and 80s.” The journalist later met John’s neighbour Ken, who also suffers with Parkinson’s Disease, and his wife Sue. Sue shared her concerns that unprotected exposure to weed killers could have played a role in both John and Ken’s illness. She insisted: “For two farmers to have a Parkinson’s Disease diagnosis within a few hundred yards of each other is quite outstanding really. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street spoilers: Summer makes worrying health confession [SPOILERS]Jane McDonald falls into the sea while paddleboarding [WATCH]‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show [MUST SEE]  “So, there has to be a link somewhere between the sprays and the farming, and the Parkinson’s,” Sue claimed. However, Claire told viewers “no one can say for sure” what caused Ken and John’s illnesses. Countryfile viewers were stunned by the detailed report and were saddened to see the impact Parkinson’s Disease can have, sharing their thoughts on Twitter. @NatalieDrury2 commented: “#countryfile Sad if it is proven that the chemical causes Parkinsons.”   Many viewers were shocked by the lack of health and safety precautions used in the past, as @M3lanieJC wrote: “Scary stuff #Countryfile.” “#Countryfile farmers' attitudes to health and safety is abysmal,” @Dazoo1977 added. Meanwhile, others were surprised to see such a serious investigative report featured on Countryfile. “This is more panorama than #countryfile," @chrisb99_uk remarked. “What’s going on with #countryfile these days @BBCOne ?! It’s all just politics, campaigning and utterly dreary doom-mongering. I used to enjoy tuning in to enjoy the countryside… not any more,” @GirlGottaDoo said. Countryfile airs Sundays at 5:30pm on BBC One. 