CBS’ thrilling procedural drama FBI returned with another action-packed episode, however, it wasn’t until the end did viewers notice the lengthy delay. Sadly for fans, they will have to wait for two weeks before they can tune into the highly anticipated instalment.  On the most recent episode of FBI titled ‘Face Off’ the team were called in to investigate the murder of a morning show host Maria Blake. They were working on tracking down the serial killer who appeared to only be killing women who were in positions of power. He would break into their homes in the middle of the night, and then attack these women with a knife. Although Maria died as a result of the attack, her wife Olivia survived and it was their daughter who called the police. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy The team investigated the murder and though the murderer didn’t leave any DNA they found similarities with the knife. They also noticed a possession would go missing after an attack as the murderer was stealing items as trophies to remember his victims. As the case went on they soon realised the serial killer had the home address of Special Agent in Charge, Isobel Castille (Alana de la Garza), which meant she could be next. With such a thrilling episode, fans were fuming to discover they would have to wait two weeks until the next episode. An upset @katielynn1223 tweeted: “Two weeks ???? I was being too spoiled with these back to back episodes.” @MollyK1999 noticed the episodes were missing from the schedule and stated: “No new episode next week.” While @Aclarkcountry remarked: “It looks like [FBI] are all repeats next week.” DON'T MISS...Tipping Point fans 'heartbroken' as major error costs player £20k [REACTION]FBI exit bombshell as Missy Peregrym confirms break from CBS drama [INSIGHT]The Rookie spin-off dealt huge boost after backdoor pilot [INSIGHT] While CBS hasn’t shared the reason for the delay, it could be down to a scheduling shake-up. As season four will have 22 episodes bosses would need to spread it evenly across the calendar, with two left before the finale. Bosses also use a lengthy hiatus as a guaranteed way to build anticipation for the finale as fans are more likely to tune in after a break. FBI is expected to return on Tuesday, May 10 with an episode titled ‘Ghosts from the Past.’ Although CBS are yet to reveal any information about the upcoming episode they did share the synopsis for the finale. It reads: “As the team investigates a deadly robbery that garnered a cache of automatic weapons for the killers, they discover one of the perps is a classmate of Jubal’s son, who is reluctant to cooperate.” Viewers will have to tune in to see if the finale will set the tone for a potential season 5 with a cliff-hanger. One thing for certain is the fact Maggie Bell (Missy Peregrym) will not make an appearance in these episodes as the actress is away on maternity leave. FBI is available on CBS in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 