Moss can be an unsightly addition to your lawn and a nuisance for gardeners to tackle. However, according to experts, baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is one of the "easiest" ways to get rid of this common problem. Typically used as a leavening agent for baking cakes and cookies, bicarbonate of soda has an array of multi-purpose uses around the home and in the garden. According to CrabGrassLawn.com, baking soda is best suited for tackling smaller patches of moss or even crabgrass. The experts explainED: "The easiest and most efficient way of getting rid of moss is with plain old baking soda. "Since it’s completely natural, it won’t hurt the environment or your garden plants, soil, or water." The reason baking soda works to kill moss is thanks to its alkaline properties. READ MORE: Kill weeds on driveways and paths with boiling water The high pH level of the white powder helps to increase the pH of the soil to a level that is inhospitable to moss. Before beginning the process, Crab Grass Lawn recommended checking your soil's pH level. Soils with a pH value of 6.5 to 7.5 are considered neutral. They are considered alkaline if over 7.5 and acidic when less than 6.5. Soil is categorised as strongly acidic when the pH is less than 5.5. Though moss can grow in a number of environments, it is most likely to thrive in acidic soil. While baking soda will help to combat moss, this is just a temporary solution and will need to be used between two and three times a week to keep moss at bay. DON'T MISSGarden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay [REPORT]How to protect your plants from the unseasonably cold weather [INSIGHT]Lawn tips: ‘Most beneficial’ way to achieve a ‘thicker greener lawn’ [COMMENT] To begin, you should make sure to protect your hands with a pair of gloves. Mix three tablespoons of baking soda with one quart of water. However, you can make the mixture as potent as you want depending on the density or amount of moss. The experts recommended: "For small patches of moss, it’s best to start off with three tablespoons baking soda to one quart of water." Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Then, transfer the solution to a spray bottle. Using the spray bottle, spitz the liquid onto the moss impacted area and leave for the plant to soak up. Check your lawn in a day or two, and repeat the process with higher mixture potency or rake and discard the dead moss appropriately.