China National Offshore Oil Corporation (CNOOC) is one of the largest national oil companies in China and operates in the areas of crude oil and natural gas. Industry sources told Reuters the company will withdraw its business from the Western market, amid fears of being struck by sanctions similar to those imposed on the Russian capital. China has so far failed to join the world in condemning the invasion of Ukraine with financial sanctions. The country has also abstained from two votes of the United Nations calling Vladimir Putin to withdraw his troops from Ukraine. However, the Chinese state-run Sinopec Group did pull out of a $500 million (£380 million) deal to market Russian gas for Sibur in China, as it was announced in late March. US President Joe Biden has warned China against assisting Russia in evading the effects of sanctions, threatening consequences. READ MORE: ‘Dangerous!’ China distances itself from the West over fear of NATOChina sends warship into enemy territory in threat to USChina cools relations with Putin, acknowledges war in Ukraine Tensions between China and the West were also spiked recently amid fears of aggression against Taiwan, which has a defence pact with the US. CNOOC entered the Western market less than ten years ago after a $15 billion (£11.5 billion) acquisition of Canada's Nexen, finalised in 2013. The company has since been a leading global producer. Further to its North Sea oil fields and platforms, CNOOC’s assets include fields in the Gulf of Mexico and large Canadian oil sand projects. CNOOC is benefitting from an unprecedented spike in oil and gas prices, since the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the effect of sanctions on Russian oil exports. Western countries seek to halt their dependency on Russian oil by developing domestic production, and CNOOC could tap into this opportunity to attract buyers. DON'T MISS: Russia humiliated as 141 countries vote to condemn Ukraine warSanctions impact on French economy ‘more immediate’ than RussiaFurious Britons react to Russia ‘crushing Britain to the ground’