Rafael van der Vaart has warned struggling Manchester United players they ‘will get thrown out’ if they toil under Erik ten Hag. The Ajax boss is poised to take charge of the Red Devils next season. And he’ll become their fifth manager since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement back in 2013. Manchester United have now reached a verbal agreement with Ten Hag, who is poised to leave Ajax after nearly five years in Amsterdam. And Van der Vaart, speaking on Z Select, has expressed a belief it’s a ‘nice’ move for both parties. “Ten Hag to Manchester United? It’s nice,” said the midfielder, who turned out for Ajax, Tottenham and Real Madrid during his playing days. “You don’t let a club like Manchester United wait." Van der Vaart does think, however, that United players will be ‘thrown out’ if they fail to cooperate with what Ten Hag wants. “These players (#MUFC) can't have any excuses anymore,” he added. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “They made so many managers leave while they are playing so bad. “Now they get a manager who will be very clear and will present his plan. Those who won’t cooperate will get thrown out." United are set to name Ten Hag as their fifth manager since Ferguson walked away nearly nine years ago. And this appointment, they’re hoping, will be the right one. David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer have all come and gone since 2013. And how United fare under Ten Hag remains to be seen. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Originally, at the time of Solskjaer’s sacking in November, Mauricio Pochettino was the frontrunner to secure the job. The Argentine has been admired by the Red Devils ever since managing Southampton in the Premier League and was believed to have the backing of Ferguson to take over. However, United have now decided to look beyond Pochettino. They didn’t want a manager who has been deemed a failure in a previous, recent job. With Pochettino failing to live up to expectations at PSG, it seems United have deemed him too high a risk. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique were other contenders, despite being committed to Sevilla and the Spain national team respectively. But Ten Hag has been chosen above the pair, too. Speaking recently, meanwhile, former Liverpool star Dirk Kuyt opened up on United potentially hiring Ten Hag. And he expressed a belief his fellow Dutchman would be a good pick for the Red Devils, who have failed to get anywhere near winning the Premier League title in recent years. “Ten Hag is a great, experienced coach. He’s done his apprenticeship, if you like, with Bayern Munich’s second team, then Utrecht and now at Ajax,” Kuyt told Goal. “He is a great manager who has improved himself so much, on and off the pitch. “I know some people were doubting his level of speaking English, his performance in front of the camera, but you see him growing every week as a manager, and I think he can do a great job at any top side in Europe. “His tactics, his way of thinking about football, is very interesting, and it would be great if he was to get an opportunity at a top side.”