Eustice was quizzed by Kay on Monday's instalment of BBC Breakfast in the wake of UK food producers claiming they are losing business due to the lengthy delays in Dover. The minister was also probed about how the price of milk could increase by 50 per cent as farmers face spiraling costs. However, unimpressed viewers thought Eustice "escaped" the interview "without a proper grilling" from Kay. Kay asked the minister if he was expecting to see more hold-ups at the port of Dover in the coming days. Authorities have blamed the Easter holidays, bad weather and P&O Ferries routes being suspended causing congestion around the port. Eustice replied: "My understanding is that we have been looking at this closely and it's really the beginning of the Easter Holiday period. He continued: "My understanding is that these queues have been going down." READ MORE:  What happened to the real Ann Walker?   Eustice added: "I am told it is an improving situation, we think it has been caused by the Easter break period and a surge in traffic and it's now actually moving in the right direction." Kay replied saying "okay" and then asked the minister about creating a priority lane for lorries carrying perishable goods like meat, but Eustice said that was not a "realistic option". Without challenging the minister, Kay went on to probe Eustice on the potential hike in the price of milk. Kay exclaimed: "We have been hearing from farmers about their costs going up.  "There is a prediction this morning that the price of a pint could go up by 50 percent. Is that a realistic possibility?" Eustice replied: "I don't think it is realistic but there are undoubtedly going to be pressures on food prices." However, Kay did quiz the minister on how he would assist the farming industry, but Eustice said farmers have "generally improved" over the past few years. DON'T MISS...BBC Weather: Brits brace for gusty winds and blustery rain  [WEATHER]Dan Walker 'to pocket £1.5m' as Channel 5 deal could promise quiz show [LATEST]BBC Breakfast guest on Rishi Sunak debate 'Two chancellors' [UPDATE] Taking to Twitter during the interview Karma Police fumed: "George [Eustice], the man without a plan escapes without a proper grilling on #bbcbreakfast." Simon Alcock added: "#BBCBreakfast queues at Dover and no mention of Brexit. Ask Eustace if there are similar queues on the Calais side. Do your job." Andrew Ashton remarked: "Ask George whether Post-Brexit extended border checks have contributed to the traffic chaos. #bbcbreakfast" Vera Truth said: "#BBCBreakfast so farmers are getting too little for their milk and people buying it are paying too much? It doesn’t make sense Jon."  Tim added: "Needs to be more focus on the milk producers #BBCBreakfast. "It's always the farmers and the retailer. Most big retailers make a huge loss on milk and it's one of the highest volume lines they sell." Other viewers lashed out at Eustice's responses with Ian commenting: "Eustace doesn't understand the problem at Dover. It is the #BrexitDisaster you have brought to our shores." @Lookeyhere4 added: "What [do] 30-mile queues of articulated lorries at Dover got to do with people going on their Easter holidays?" BBC Breakfast continues on weekdays at 6am on BBC One. 