 Ms Le Pen this week came under intense scrutiny from her election rival and incumbent Emmanuel Macron as he reminded viewers that the National Rally leader had an outstanding loan from a prominent Russian bank close to the Kremlin. Speaking during a two-hour television debate between the two rivals, Mr Macron jibed: “You are speaking to your banker when you speak to Russia”. The French President also accused Ms Le Pen’s party of being “dependent on Vladimir Putin,” and incapable of “defending French interests.” Ms Le Pen has sought to distance herself from Putin on a number of occasions since the Russian leader’s invasion of neighbouring Ukraine on February 24. On Monday, Ms Le Pen condemned Russia’s latest assault on the Donbas in a tweet that read: “I condemn Russia’s offensive against the Ukrainian people in Donbas. “We must support all possible diplomatic efforts to reach a ceasefire and impose peace on Russia so that Ukraine regains its full sovereignty.” However, in March, Ms Le Pen expressed interest in removing France from NATO’s integrated campaign against Russia, and called for the alliance to have closer ties with Putin. Read More: Xi delivers devastating blow to Putin as China pulls plug on deal   She suggested fostering a closer relationship with Russia would prevent the county from becoming a closer ally with China, and insisted on the need for the “implementation of a strategic rapprochement between NATO and Russia”. Professor Rainbow Murray, a French politics specialist at Queen Mary University of London, noted that Ms Le Pen “admires Putin” and is unlikely to cut her ties with Russia if she is elected. She told Express.co.uk: “[A Ms Le Pen presidency] would be a huge problem in terms of Ukraine, and the withdrawal of support for NATO. She added: “Up until the invasion of Ukraine she was looking to Russia for her alliances and we can’t be guaranteed that that will stop.  “It’s not politically acceptable right now to be openly pro Russia, but I think generally that’s where her sympathies lie. “She admires Putin, she agrees with him ideologically and I think that will make things harder for the UK in terms of its own understanding of what it means to be a player in the new world order outside the European Union.” Ms Le Pen has been open about her admiration of Putin in the past, and even met with the leader in the Kremlin in the build up to the 2017 French election. In 2014, she was one of the few western political voices to support Putin’s illegal annexation of the Crimean peninsula, while the following year her party received the aforementioned controversial loan from a Czech-Russian bank. Don't Miss:Le Pen victory would see France 'work with Putin' and damage NATO [OPINION]Macron trying to cast Le Pen as 'enemy' to France's role in Europe[INSIGHT]Marine Le Pen’s turbulent childhood: Playboy, bombs and Le Pen legacy[ANALYSIS]  Prof Murray stressed that though Ms Le Pen would not openly back Russia if elected, the West would likely lose a “crucial ally” in its support of Ukraine. She said: “She will be the lead on foreign policy and that is where the danger to the West comes in. “First of all she doesn’t want to be part of NATO, she doesn’t like NATO. “She doesn’t believe in sending arms to Ukraine, she doesn’t believe in blocking oil and gas imports from Russia.  “And so the West would lose a crucial ally with regards to Ukraine. “I don’t think she would go so far as openly backing Russia but I think she would take France out of the equation altogether. “That would be a problem.” Labelling Ms Le Pen as “Putin’s pawn”, Ms Murray continued: “She is very much in Putin’s pocket. “Almost literally in his financial pocket in the sense that she’s got a big loan from Russia she hasn’t finished paying off yet.”  Meanwhile Professor Andrew Smith, a contemporary politics professor at the University of Chichester, also claimed that Le Pen would adopt a softer stance on Russia if elected on Sunday. Speaking to Express.co.uk Prof Smith said: “It would see France adopt a different stance in relation to Vladimir Putin. “She is very clear that she believes people could and should work with Vladimir Putin so you’d probably see France looking at those kinds of steps. “It could even lead potentially or eventually to a NATO withdrawal. It’s difficult because what these things do is they destabilise international allegiances at a time when the value of those is becoming ever clearer.”