The cost of living has risen exponentially in recent times, particularly for pensioners, and increased broadband fees could be adding to the pain. Britons could find themselves locked into contracts which charge them more each month. Alex Fitzgerald, CEO of Cuckoo, said broadband providers have hiked up their prices during an especially difficult time for many people. He said: “Millions of people in the UK are facing the worst cost of living crisis for decades. “Six of the eight major broadband providers have just announced staggering above-inflation price hikes that are going to hit pensioners in their pocket at the worst possible time. “These price hikes range from anywhere between 8.2 percent and 9.3 percent, at an average annual increase of £46. READ MORE: State pension, PIP, Universal Credit: Which benefits have increased? Full list “And they’re being rolled out mid-contract, meaning customers are powerless to leave for another provider unless they’re willing to fork out for the extortionate exit fees.” Mr Fitzgerald said these fees can run as high as £450. The scale of the cost of living crisis appears to have worsened in the last week, with inflation rising once again to a fresh 30-year high of seven percent. This followed an inflation rate of 6.2 percent for the year to February 2022. DON'T MISSState pension age changes may be accelerated - will you retire later than expected? [ALERT]Tax code 1257L: How to check your tax code is correct as 2022/23 tax year begins [INSIGHT]PIP claimant 'distraught' after DWP process - 'Debts and bills are piling up' [PIP] Meanwhile, pensioners are receiving a lower state pension increase than they were expecting in the 2022/23 tax year. Due to the suspension of the triple lock policy, the state pension rose by just 3.1 percent on April 11, 2022. Mr Fitzgerald believes pensioners are particularly vulnerable to the issues surrounding broadband companies and their fees. He said: “Out of all the utilities, broadband contracts are often the hardest for pensioners to wrap their heads around. “Between all the marketing jargon and different packages on offer, there is a huge amount of complexity to these agreements. “The confusing small print can trick people into buying unnecessary extras and getting locked into mid-contract price rises. “Then you’ve got the loyalty charges - which mean you pay more for your broadband contract the longer you stay.” Mr Fitzgerald has called on broadband companies to end the practice of charging exit fees which can prevent people from finding a cheaper deal, and to refrain from steep increases to their prices. He concluded: “Pensioners will be feeling the squeeze as much as anyone, but the major broadband providers have created a price prison by tying them into opaque contracts with costly exit fees. “To add to this, a lot of pensioners also still have landlines in their home, the prices of which are also going through the roof, despite landline wholesale cost actually falling! “That’s why at Cuckoo we’re campaigning to end these shady practices. “Millions of people in the UK are facing the worst cost of living crisis for decades. We’re calling on all UK providers to do the decent thing - scrap their exit fees and axe above-inflation increases.”