As the court trial for villainess Meena begins in tonight's episode of the ITV soap, many viewers are on the edge of their seats as the character has been seen seducing prison officer Ian, and planning a possible escape to continue her killing spree. Having already achieved critical acclaim for her performance in the soap, a few years ago when Sandhu left drama school, her anxiety made it extremely difficult for her to launch her acting career. Suffering from debilitating symptoms, Sandhu had to seek the help of a therapist and nutritionist in order to overcome the mental health condition.  The star, who studied at London Guildhall School of Music & Drama revealed earlier this year: “I felt unsafe a lot. Not like someone was going to attack me – I just didn’t feel comfortable, especially around people that I didn’t know. "It was probably social anxiety, fear of judgement and fear about the future. “When I left drama school, I moved back with my family and I became quite reclusive. "I didn’t leave the house a lot, I had terrible insomnia and suffered from food allergies and intolerances.”  READ MORE: Vitamin B12 deficiency: A problem with understanding is a sign - other indicators Although each anxiety disorder has slightly different symptoms, individuals who have GAD can include the following: Although the exact causes are not known, research has suggested that GAD could be caused by an overactivity in areas of the brain involved with emotions and behaviour and an imbalance of serotonin and noradrenaline - chemicals in the brain, which are involved in the control and regulation of mood. Having other medical conditions such as arthritis or depression can also put individuals at an increased risk of developing GAD. Luckily for Sandhu, despite her crippling symptoms, she has been able to use coping mechanisms and multiple treatment methods to not let her anxiety affect her everyday life.  She continued to explain: “I read self-help books, had therapy and went to a nutritionist.” The star also became a fan of journaling, meditation, yoga and EFT (emotional freedom technique), which uses tapping to help balance the body’s energy system. “I found it really helpful, especially when I was in the thick of anxiety. I’m so grateful for that time now, because I taught myself how to really take care of my emotions and my mental health.” When asked if she ever worried that anxiety might stop her from achieving her dreams, Sandhu replied: “No. I’ve trained myself to think: ‘No matter the circumstances, I believe that I can thrive.’ “I feel like I have [developed] a really healthy mindset. That’s perhaps what helped me to get the Emmerdale role. I was ready emotionally and physically.” Self-help resources may be the first step in treating anxiety disorders such as GAD, as it could offer individuals a chance to tackle their condition without the use of other methods. This could involve working through a CBT-based workbook or computer course in your own time with the support of a therapist.  For those who need more mental health support, talking therapies such as cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) can be extremely effective. Studies of different treatments for GAD have found the benefits of CBT may last longer than those of medication. This therapy helps individuals to question negative or anxious thoughts and do things they would usually avoid because they make them anxious. One technique used by therapists is known as applied relaxation, which focuses on individuals relaxing muscles in a particular way during situations that usually cause anxiety. The technique generally involves: Medication can also be used either in the short-term or long-term to treat physical and psychological symptoms of GAD. The main medications individuals are offered include selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) or serotonin and noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs). For confidential mental health support, contact Samaritans on 116 123, or email: jo@samaritans.org for a reply within 24 hours. Alternatively, text "SHOUT" to 85258 to contact the Shout Crisis Text Line, or text "YM" if you're under 19. 