The Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for snow across parts of Scotland, warning of expected disruption to roads and railways. The warning was issued from midnight to 9am on Thursday for an area covering much of Highland, Central Tayside and Fife and Grampian.  The Met Office said in its warning: “Overnight showers and longer spells of rain and sleet, will turn increasingly to sleet and hill snow by Thursday morning, leading to snow accumulations on higher ground, with 1-4 cm above 300 m. “Temporary low level accumulations are possible, perhaps mainly across Caithness but should be short-lived. “Ice may form on some inland and upland roads by morning. “Some roads and railways [are] likely to be affected with longer journey times by road, bus and train services.”   The Met Office also issued yellow weather warnings for wind for northwest England, Northern Ireland and Wales. The warning said: “Winds will increase this evening across parts of Northern Ireland, with gusts to 50 or 55 mph likely in places, perhaps 60 mph in a few exposed spots, before easing beyond midnight. “Across North Wales and northwest England, winds are expected to peak during the early hours, when gusts will widely reach 50 to 60 mph, and possibly around 70 mph close to some coasts. “Here winds will ease somewhat by daybreak, and then more markedly during the morning. READ MORE: Desperate Russian claims US general captured destroyed by BBC expert  Forecasters said “polar air” as cold as -14C could sweep across Britain in the coming days, due to low pressure “heading off towards Scandinavia” and cold air coming back. However, the lowest temperature expected to be recorded in the UK across Saturday and Sunday is -5C “at most” in rural Scotland, the Met Office told The Independent. This is quite a lot colder than the standard April temperature, with the average minimum recording for April between 1991and 2020 being 3.75C. Jon Farrow, a meteorologist with netweather.tv said: “Lines of showers will move down through the UK on the northwesterly wind. DON'T MISS:Biden gaffe leaves White House reeling Macron savaged by Polish PM Rishi Sunak savaged by former Tory advisor over political ambitions “So prone areas will be northern Scotland with snow, the northern coasts of Northern Ireland and Wales, and some skimming along the east coast of Britain. “A few may reach further inland with a mix of icy rain, sleet and occasional snow flurries. Many places will be dry. “After the cold start, temperatures by day will be 8 to 12C with a few spots in the south reaching 13C. “In any sheltered sunshine, it will feel pleasant and also behind glass but out in the breeze, if the sun disappears behind a cloud, and certainly, after dark, it will be chilly.” 