One of the main topics of discussion on Tuesday's Jeremy Vine was whether it is a good choice for more young people to go to university. The debate came after Tony Blair called for seven in 10 young people to go to university. The former Labour leader defended his comments by suggesting an increase from 53 percent of students to 70 percent is crucial for the UK to compete with "high-innovation economies" like South Korea and Japan. During his time as Prime Minister in 1999, Blair set a target of 50 percent [of students to go to university] despite concern from critics who claimed it would lead to those with low academic ability undertaking unsuitable courses. However, Owen Jones told Vine he wished Blair "would shut up" as they discussed the topic. "Owen, this 70 percent this is fine if you've got the right kind of degrees," Vine began. "But we keep hearing about Mickey Mouse degrees." "Don't start with the Daily Mail headlines...," Jones hit back. READ MORE: Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series The Channel 5 host went on to list: "Surf course management..." Jones continued: "I think university is a social good, it is good for the students and it's good for society and I think there is a whole range of different degrees that I am not going to be snobby about which do a great job in creating well-rounded individuals. "Look, I don't like Tony Blair and his awful interventions, I wish he'd just shut up. "But I think in this particular case, I am sympathetic because the fact is almost all middle-class kids go to university." "So, when people are saying that less people should be going to university, they in practice mean less working-class people go to university," Jones added. "I think university should be made available for working-class people too. "I totally... in terms of debt that is a very important point, I don't think people should be saddled with debt for daring to dream of a university education." The segment left viewers divided and many took to social media to share their thoughts. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star on why BBC bosses made costume 'too big' [INSIGHT]Vera star pays tribute to co-star Brenda Blethyn [NEWS]Coronation Street theory: Gary kills again after Rick discovery [SPOILERS]  Some felt that too many students go to university already, while others felt the decision to go into higher education should depend on the student's abilities. Anthony Parkinson tweeted: "Far too many go to university already..A university degree has lost its ability to achieve a high paying position. I suppose it is still a nice way of avoiding going into the stressful work environment for another couple of years." Hassina pointed out: "Depends on the child and his/her capability. If they are academic send them to university. If they are more hands-on, do an apprenticeship. "Not many apprenticeships available, and university fees are too high for some kids to afford. Who wants a huge debt after university?!" (sic) While Scott Peacock commented: "Whatever happened to train on the job, Most students who will go to university, will come out with degrees and be turn down jobs by jobs companies, You wouldn't go to university to be trained as a cleaner, Apprenticeship is the answer." "Definitely not! I started uni in 85 when 90+% of business graduates got appropriate jobs. When I graduated in November 89, only one of my class had a job... having failed the degree! He was an air traffic controller," user @blaw711 added. Bruce said that university "isn't for everyone", as he wrote: "To get more into uni there will be a diluting of grades in schools to achieve this, what good will that do? "Young people need to be made aware of the advantages of having a trade, not a degree where many will not be able to use in employment." (sic) Jeremy Vine airs weekdays at 9.15am on Channel 5.