The trip is aimed at building trade, security and diplomatic links with one of the world’s fastest emerging powers and growing economies. It also is understood to be aimed at creating a counter balance with China with India being the main rival in Asia as a manufacturing base. Downing Street has been clear that the new relationship with India has only been made possible because of the freedoms the UK enjoys as a result of Brexit. Speaking ahead of the visit, Mr Johnson said: “As we face threats to our peace and prosperity from autocratic states, it is vital that democracies and friends stick together. “India, as a major economic power and the world’s largest democracy, is a highly valued strategic partner for the UK in these uncertain times. “My visit to India will deliver on the things that really matter to the people of both our nations – from job creation and economic growth, to energy security and defence.”  The Prime Minister is making his first visit to India since entering Downing Street having been forced to cancel his planned trip a year ago because of a covid outbreak. The visit is intended to deepen long-term partnership for peace and prosperity with the world's biggest democracy, in the face of global economic challenges and threats from autocratic states. The visit will begin in Ahmedabad on Thursday [21st April] to meet with leading businesses and discuss the UK and India’s thriving commercial, trade and people links. This will be the first time a UK Prime Minister has visited Gujarat, India’s fifth largest state and the ancestral home of around half of the British-Indian population in the UK. The Prime Minister will then travel to New Delhi to meet Prime Minister Modi on Friday [22nd April]. The leaders will hold in-depth talks on the UK and India’s strategic defence, diplomatic and economic partnership, aimed at bolstering our close partnership and stepping up security co-operation in the Indo-Pacific. In Gujarat, the Prime Minister is expected to announce major investment in key industries in both the UK and India, boosting jobs and growth at home, as well as new collaboration on cutting-edge science, health and technology. He will use the visit to drive progress in the Free Trade Agreement negotiations launched earlier this year – a deal with India is predicted to boost our total trade by up to £28 billion annually by 2035 and increase wages across the UK by up to £3 billion. Last year, the Prime Minister and Prime Minister Modi agreed a UK-India Comprehensive Strategic Partnership, announcing more than £530m in investment into the UK and committing to a deeper bilateral relationship across trade, health, climate, defence and security, and connecting our people. India was identified as a priority relationship for the UK in the 2021 Integrated Review and was invited by the UK as a guest to last year's G7 in Carbis Bay. Investment from Indian companies already supports 95,000 jobs across the UK, which is expected to be boosted by upcoming announcements and a future free trade deal. 