Richard Osman announced he’d be stepping down from Pointless after working on the show for over a decade to spend more time writing his novels. Co-host Alexander Armstrong will be joined by a selection of guest presenters in the immediate future before a permanent replacement is chosen. However, the bookmakers at Ladbrokes believe Countdown star Susie Dent, 57, could take the reins, bringing her expert knowledge all the way from Dictionary Corner. The bookies have priced up Richard’s most likely replacement after he announced he'd be leaving the show, and it's the Countdown star who currently leads the way at 5/2, ahead of Alex Horne (7/2) and Victoria Coren Mitchell (9/2). Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "It looks as though Pointless chiefs will target a rival game show in their quest to find Richard Osman's replacement, with Susie Dent and Alex Horne seemingly in a two-horse race for the job as things stand." He added: "Whoever replaces Osman is sure to have big shoes to fill, and the odds suggest that role might well go to the only man in showbiz taller than the current co-host in the shape of Stephen Merchant." Susie is a trained lexicographer and etymologist and has been a regular on Countdown since 1992. READ MORE:MasterChef contestant sparks concern with chicken feet and blood stew The TV expert has also published a series of annual Language Reports for the Oxford University Press. After Countdown launched its spin-off show with 8 Out Of 10 Cats, Susie has appeared alongside numerous comics, Richard being one of them. In 2018, she also appeared in five episodes of the panel show House of Games, which is presented by the Pointless star. It has been reported Richard, who created the show's format, could be stepping down from Pointless Celebrities too, although nothing has been confirmed yet. Another contender in the mix is Taskmaster star Alex Horne, who is the host and bandleader of the comedy band The Horne Section, and hosts its eponymous podcast. Alex has featured as a contestant on Countdown back in 2008, but most recently he has been a Dictionary Corner guest many times on the Jimmy Carr fronted spin-off. While it is yet to be seen whether the stand-up star could be filling Richard’s shoes, his witty one-liners could switch up the style. Meanwhile, the host of BBC quiz show Only Connect since 2008, Victoria Coren Mitchell has also been named. The presenter and professional poker player has made numerous TV panel show appearances as well as writing for The Telegraph. The 49-year-old was previously a professional poker player and published a memoir about her experiences, titled For Richer, For Poorer: A Love Affair With Poker, in 2009. Married to comedian David Mitchell, the TV star has drawn in speculation with the bookies, as she could be set to take victory with odds subject to change. Another in the running is Stephen Merchant, who despite not having quiz hosting under his belt yet, the comedian has begun to step out of his comfort zone. Most recently, the actor played Stephen Port, who is known as the Grindr killer, in the limited drama series Four Lives, which aired earlier this year. The 47-year-old stand-up comedian has co-written Oscar award-winning series The Office, with close pal Ricky Gervais. Following in the footsteps of his Life’s Too Short cast mate Warrick Davies who presents the game show Tenable, Stephen could be set to break into the world of quizzing, starting with Pointless. Pointless airs weekdays on BBC One at 5.15pm