Patrick Vieira never did Tottenham any favours as a player but he did them a big one on Monday night. Not so long ago, it was “Vieira, woah!” that Arsenal fans used to sing. This was very much Vieira uh-uh-oh! Because in just 90 minutes he used the same competitive relentlessness he showed as a player to unpick all of the failings Mikel Arteta has been diligently patching over in 2022. Arsenal’s emergence as contenders for Champions League football again has been built on some magnificent football. But the first lesson Crystal Palace handed out was that you have got to earn the right to play. The energy of Conor Gallagher, the strength of Cheikhou Kouyate, the pace of Jeffrey Schlupp - the Gunners did not have a moment to think, let alone play their neat inter-passing football. The home side, on the other hand, when they got the ball, knew exactly what to do with it. Having missed the chance to torment England at Wembley with Ivory Coast on Tuesday, he was back in the Palace starting line-up and flying. With Kieran Tierney missing and Nuno Tavares in his place, the instability of the defence made it easy to topple. With Jordan Ayew playing with intelligence in the other channel, Palace were always the side on top. Sure enough, they took the lead in the 16th minute with the simplest of set-piece goals - Gallagher swung a free-kick in deep towards the far post, Gabriel missed his header and Joachim Andersen’s header back home was diverted into the empty net by the unmarked Jean-Philippe Mateta. It got worse for Arsenal just eight minutes later. It was Andersen again with the assist, which Gabriel needlessly dived in on and missed completely. With a Zen-like presence of mind, Ayew’s first touch was perfect and with his second he stroked the ball past Ramsdale for Palace’s second. A moment in the 38th minute typified the match. Thomas Partey stood with options right and left of him after a rare Palace mistake and moments later, after a lightning Zaha counter-attack, Mateta was stinging the hands of Ramsdale once more. Palace fought hard to win every battle, right every wrong and use the ball intelligently. Arsenal just sat there waiting for the magic to work. Gabriel Martinelli was thrown on at half-time. Indeed - Arsenal were so early back onto the pitch for the second half Palace’s giant eagle mascots were still playing as part of the half-time entertainment. It might have been a fairer contest. Arsenal looked marginally better in a 3-4-3 going forward, but Palace continued to test them at the back, with Aaron Ramsdale needing to be strong to keep out an Andersen direct free kick. Their frustration poured out through every exasperated fist-thump into the pitch and this is the element that is still missing from Arteta’s “Process”. The ability to dig deep enough to win when the odds are stacked against them. The mental focus, so that when the big chance comes, as it did to Martin Odegaard in the 67th minute, you find the back of the net instead of scuffing your shot wide. Instead, it was no surprise that when Zaha was mown down minutes later while teasing the Arsenal defence on a rare counter-attack, the giant scythe belonged to that same annoyed figure of Odegaard. By contrast, the Palace talisman’s head was cool as ever. Penalty dispatched, the same 3-0 scoreline as Palace beat Spurs by earlier this season. Perhaps Vieira was just being fair all along.