Local officials have said more than 300 people were killed by Russian forces in Bucha, 35 kilometres northwest of the capital Kyiv, where around 50 of them are reported to have been executed. Ukrainian officials have now revealed even greater damage was done by Putin's forces in Borodyanka, northwest of Kyiv and about 15 miles from Bucha.  Mr Zelensky said: “They have started sorting through the ruins in Borodyanka. It's much more horrific there, there are even more victims of Russian occupiers.” The Ukraininan government sources shared a distressing image of a woman waiting for the bodies of her sister and nephew to be found in the rubble of bombed flats in the town. The photo showed the woman sitting on a chair as rescuers desperately comb for survivors. According to locals, the Russians blocked rescue efforts, leaving people buried under rubble for a week before Putin’s forces eventually withdrew.   The identity of the woman is unclear, although Ukrainian sources say she is named Liudmyla and is from the town. Rescuers are said to have brought her a chair because she had been standing for three days waiting. The building was reportedly destroyed on March 1. The Ukrainian Parliament added in a tweet: “The destruction in Borodyanka was considered even worse than in Irpen and Bucha. READ MORE: NATO Summit: Truss vows 'age of engagement' with Putin 'dead'  “The world will soon learn about the atrocities of the occupiers there, but now only one thing is clear - the village in ruins. “Of the 29 high-rise buildings, 21 were damaged, 8 of them were completely destroyed. “Rescuers have been dismantling the debris for several days now, so the horrific finds will soon be known to everyone.” Ukraine's Prosecutor General Iryna Venediktova said Thursday that rescue workers recovered 26 bodies from underneath two destroyed apartment buildings in Borodyanka, again accusing Moscow of targeting civilian areas. DON'T MISS:German Chancellor slammed over delay in sending high-end tanks70 firemen on site as ‘half a car dealership alight' Liz Truss demands ‘more sanctions and weapons’ in fight against Putin Ms Venediktova said: “Just in the rubble of two apartment blocs, 26 bodies were recovered.” She continued: “Only the civilian population was targeted: there is no military site here” adding it was “impossible to predict” how many more dead there were at the site. Ms Venediktova said the Russians have used cluster bombs and heavy multiple rocket launchers “that bring death and destruction.” “Evidence of the Russian forces’ war crimes is at every turn,” she wrote. “The enemy treacherously shelled residential infrastructure in the evenings, when there was a maximum amount of people home.” 