Weeds can appear in driveways, patios, borders and pathways making them look untidy. Removing them manually can be hard work and can take hours if the weeds are particularly deep-rooted. Choosing the right method for different types of weeds in all areas of the garden can be tricky. Luckily, there are two ways gardeners can go about exterminating weeds in driveways and driveways, be they gravel or concrete. Some methods are safer, while other approaches require greater attentiveness and caution since they can damage other desirable plants. Gardening experts at HomeServe have shared how gardeners can use boiling water to “eliminate” driveway weeds “permanently”. They said: “Killing weeds in the driveway with boiling water is one of the simplest solutions. READ MORE: Gardening: ‘Eliminate’ garden weeds within 24 hours using vodka “It’s one way to efficiently kill a large number of weeds spread throughout your pathways. “Unlike certain hazardous herbicides, it doesn’t have any negative long-term impacts. “This method also eliminates weeds permanently, since the boiling water can reach the taproot.” However, despite its effectiveness, gardeners need to be cautious when using this method. DON'T MISS: House prices: The 10 UK property 'hotspots'  [INSIGHT]'My plants thrived': Gardener shocked after new watering tactic works [COMMENT]Garden pests: How to avoid a rat infestation in your garden [TIPS] The gardening experts added: “You still need to be attentive when using boiling water, as you can hurt yourself and unintentionally destroy other plants it comes into contact with. “Plus, if you have a large area to cover, it might be time-consuming.” Gardeners should not use boiling water to kill lawn weeds as it could inhibit the growth of the grass too. Hot water works better on broad-leaf weeds than it does on perennials, woody plants or grass weeds, according to experts from the University of California's integrated pest management department. For plants, such as dandelions, it may take more water to reach the root and kill off the plant. Other weeds with a fibrous root system near the top of the soil don’t need as much to be taken out permanently. For the most effective results, Gardening Know How recommends pruning off most of the foliage at the top of the weed, before applying hot water to tackle the root. White vinegar is also an effective way to kill weeds, according to the experts at HomeSense. They said: “Vinegar is a handy home product that also serves as an excellent weed killer. “For added effect, you can mix white vinegar with dish soap and a cup of salt. “Once it’s been thoroughly mixed, just spray the weeds all around with the spray bottle. “You might need to do it once a day for two or three days until the weeds die." However, the gardening experts noted that you need to be cautious when applying it to weeds, as white vinegar doesn’t discriminate between weeds and the plants you want to keep as it’ll kill other plants if it comes into contact with them.