Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo has taken a swipe at his former team-mate, Wayne Rooney, and his Monday Night Football side-kick Jamie Carragher. The duo spoke frankly about the Portuguese's return to Old Trafford, which has been met with mixed reviews despite his respectable goals tally. Ronaldo committed to a bold move last summer when he returned to Man Utd. The 37-year-old rose to prominence during a six-year spell working under Sir Alex Ferguson as a youngster, leaving as a hero after winning the 2008 Ballon d'Or. He fled to the Bernabeu in a world-record transfer deal and won it four more times, scoring a head-spinning 450 total goals for Los Blancos. He then joined Juventus in 2018 and, with few clubs in Europe able to afford his hefty wages, United came calling when it was clear that he was on the way out of Turin. But Ronaldo's comeback has been met with mixed reviews. While his 18-goal haul in all competitions is nothing to be scoffed at, the team as a whole has floundered and it is far from unanimous that he makes the Red Devils a better side. Rooney, who remains the club's all-time record scorer, suggested as much to Sky Sports. JUST IN: Thierry Henry's puzzled reaction when Micah Richards compared Karim Benzema to Harry Kane "Obviously, Cristiano is getting on a bit." he admitted, "He certainly isn't the player he was in his 20s and that happens - that's football. He's a goal threat but the rest of the game they need more and they need young, hungry players." Current Derby boss Rooney then posted a picture on social media sat alongside Liverpool hero Carragher and Sky Sports' David Jones, captioned: "Great night on Monday Night Football." Ronaldo then took a swipe in the comments, saying: "Two jealous." DON'T MISSChelsea flop Werner floated to Juventus and AC Milan by agentMan Utd told to snub Tuchel appointment due to Romelu LukakuChelsea boss Tuchel admits he doesn't agree with Christensen decision Rooney and Ronaldo spent five years as team-mates at United, and while they often linked to up devastating effect, the course of their professional relationship did not always run smoothly. A famous incident at the 2006 World Cup saw Rooney sent off for a stamp on Ronaldo, before the tricky winger was snapped winking at his one of his Portuguese team-mates after the Englishman was shown red. United's tricky veteran is no stranger to a social media swipe, either. When Ballon d'Or rival Lionel Messi won the trophy for a seventh time last year, Ronaldo commented on an Instagram page explaining why he should have won it himself with the simple message: "Factos."  It remains to be seen if the Red Devils will listen to Rooney's advice and pursue a more youthful squad this summer. It is speculated that Ronaldo may look for a new club regardless of United's feelings if they fail to qualify for next season's Champions League which, at present, seems a likely outcome. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick has already claimed that it is 'obvious' United will go after a new striker at the end of the season, which could further jeopardise Ronaldo's starting spot.