In a Q&A with readers of Express.co.uk, Mr Habib – former Brexit Party Member of the European Parliament – said the UK had “yet to properly Brexit” and said it was still “on the hook” with the EU. He said Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s Withdrawal Agreement delivered Brexit “in name only”, adding: “We have left the institutions of the EU but have stayed very closely aligned to it. "The PM promised we would take back control of our laws, our borders, our cash and our fish. "Boris Johnson has given away billions in cash and handed over our fishing waters to the EU for as long as the deal subsists. "We remain on the hook for… several guarantees of the European Investment Bank’s €500billion (£380billion) in liabilities." Under the terms of the Withdrawal Agreement, the UK is still liable for EIB payments relevant to projects approved before January 31, 2020. The rights to British waters and fishing laws have also been a point of contention, with industry leaders saying promises made during Brexit negotiations have failed to manifest. Promises that waters up to 12 miles from UK land would be reserved for British fishermen have not transpired, with just six miles of coastline reserved, and quotas have also failed to meet expectations. READ MORE: Tory infighting erupts as Boris REFUSES to back Rees-Mogg  The situation in Northern Ireland continues to present problems for negotiators, as it appears near impossible to reclaim British borders while protecting the integrity of the Good Friday Agreement. Under the terms of the Northern Ireland Protocol, the region is still subject to laws of the European Union, and is under the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice (ECJ), essentially keeping Britain in the EU. The Protocol – designed to prevent a hard border on the island of Ireland – sees Northern Ireland subject to wide-ranging EU laws. Product standards, customs, VAT and state aid are all aligned with EU law in Northern Ireland, with the ECJ retaining jurisdiction to rule on relevant matters. Mr Habib called Brexit a “broken promise”, calling on the Prime Minister to “take back control”. So what do you think? Did Boris Johnson deliver a Brexit in name only? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comments below. 