The star released a statement last Wednesday announcing that he wouldn’t be able to attend the performance of Harmony, a musical set in the 1930s, which still took place at the National Yiddish Theatre Folksbiene at the Museum of Jewish Heritage in Battery Park City. The play follows a group of German singers and the ordeal of its Jewish members amid the rise of the Nazis in the 1930s. Manilow, who brought the world hits like Copacabana said that he was “heartbroken” by the positive COVID-19 test. “This just might be the cruelest thing that has ever happened to me: 25 years waiting for this show to premiere in New York and I can’t attend,” he wrote on Twitter. He also called for people to continue to “put on a mask and go see a show”. “Even in the face of this pandemic, we New Yorkers remain the toughest, staunchest people on the planet,” he added. READ MORE: Cancer: The four cooking oils shown to ‘release' toxic chemicals linked to the disease  In the end, the show went on without Manilow. This isn’t the first time Manilow has had to cancel his public activities due to illness. Two weeks ago, the legendary singer abruptly canceled a concert in Last Vegas after developing a cold. The audience was only told about it 15 minutes before showtime.  He also suffers from a condition called atrial fibrillation, known as “A-fib” which makes your heartbeat irregularly. After he announced the cancellation of his attendance at the musical, the star received an outpouring of support — as well as the occasional person questioning why he doesn’t attend anyway. One person said: “I am so very sorry, Barry! I cannot imagine the disappointment. Sending you lots of positive, healing energy and prayers for a speedy recovery!!” The UK’s Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency has recently approved a 6th COVID-19 vaccine. Bahrain was the first country to approve the vaccine in March and the UK is the first European country to approve the jab. Unlike the Moderna and Pfizer/BioNTech jabs, which have to be stored at temperatures lower than -20 degrees celsius, the Valneva jab can be stored in a standard fridge. It follows a study in October that found that two jabs of Valvena increased the number of Covid destroying antibodies by an average of 40 percent compared to the AstraZeneca vaccine. Another recent study has found that people with a higher risk of heart disease are up to six times more likely to die from COVID-19. A-fib, the condition that Manilow has, increases the risk of heart disease, meaning the star may need to be extra careful about the condition. The study found people with over 10 percent risk of having a stroke or heart attack within the next decade are three times more likely to be admitted to intensive care. They are also six times more likely to die of the COVID-19 complications.