Tyson Fury is a firm favourite to beat Dillian Whyte in the all-British heavyweight world title fight on Saturday night. However, Carl Froch has offered Whyte a plan as to how he could beat the ‘Gypsy King’. In what has been dubbed one of the biggest boxing matches in heavyweight history, all eyes will be on the ring at Wembley Stadium. Froch has been in the same situation as the two fighters previously, in front of a smaller crowd, and has spoken about the pressure and adrenaline buzz they will each feel walking into the ring. But he also has revealed that he thinks that there is a way that Whyte can cause an upset on the night, by using his weight. Speaking to BBC Breakfast, Froch explained: “I think Fury is the slight favourite, I make him the favourite. It’s difficult to beat someone who’s 6ft 9inches tall with a massive reach. In boxing, height and reach for me is a massive advantage and Tyson Fury has that in abundance. “Dillian Whyte is almost the same weight, I think they both came in about 18 stone and Tyson Fury’s never boxed anybody that weight. He (Fury) boxed Deontay Wilder in his last two fights, Deontay Wilder’s a big puncher but he’s not a big man – he’s tall but he’s around 15 stone. JUST IN: Tyson Fury and Dillian Whyte dance together on stage at weigh-in “So Dillian Whyte will be using his weight to get on top of Tyson Fury’s chest, to get up close and person, lean on him, push him back, try and bully him and hit him around the body and around the head to wear him down. “Tyson Fury I think, because he’s coming in a little bit light, I think his game plan's going to be to just jab and move, use his footwork and be light on his feet, and keep this fight at long range. But I don’t think Dillian Whyte is going to subscribe to that around (round) five, six, he’s going to try and close the distance and make this a real fight.” DON'T MISSInside 'frightening' Tyson Fury training camp for Dillian WhyteBoxing legend Mike Tyson 'repeatedly punches passenger' in plane scrapWhat happened in brutal sparring sessions between Tyson Fury and Whyte Fury has spoken about how he may retire after fighting Whyte in front of the 96,000 crowd. However, if he pushes on with that plan it will mean that he is sacrificing the opportunity to have his long-awaited bout with Anthony Joshua – assuming that he beats Oleksandr Usyk in September – meaning are refusing to believe him. But Froch does, he explained: ”Listen, he’s got a lot of kids, I think Paris, his wife, is pregnant and so why not sail off into the sunset? He’s getting on to 35 years old, he must have made £100million in his career, and he’s absolutely massive. He’s the heavyweight king and I think to get himself in the shape that he needs to be in to fight is hard work now at 34, 35 years old. “If Tyson Fury is talking about retirement, I kind of believe him. It must be in his head, he must be thinking ‘you know what, I’ve done my time, I’m the heavyweight king, and if I retire on the back of a 94,000 crowd at Wembley Stadium’ then who could blame him?”