Fellow travellers looked on in shock as the pair engaged in a foul-mouthed rant at each other before fists started flying. Dramatic footage shows one of the women lash out at the other in a fight over a vape. One of the women can be heard saying in the clip: "I work. What do you do for a living?" To which the other replies: "You're barely a secretary. That is nothing." The first woman then says: "That's more than you do. Just don't f****** talk to me." In reply, the second shoots back: "Well I tell you what, you can f*** off the whole way through. You go and kiss every man when you're drunk." The first replies: "That's not me, that's not me." When the second says she has photographic evidence, the first explodes at her, raging: "Shut up, shut up. This is my holiday. Shut up. I work, you don't. Shut up." The pair then struggle in their seats with one lashing out at the other before a man steps in to break up the fight. Fellow passenger Adam Barker, who was on the coach, told Express.co.uk: "They must have had a skinful on the plane."  READ MORE ABOUT A UK TRADE REVOLUTION Mr Barker, 28, explained how the pair were arguing even before they got on the coach from Alicante Airport to Benidorm on Friday morning. On a stag do with 20 mates, engineer Mr Barker explained that the coach journey lasted longer than his flight from Sheffield because of the women's drunken antics. He said: "To be fair, there was laughing, but they had been told to shut up a few times. "The driver pulled over at one point saying he would ring the police.  DON'T MISS: House engulfed by greenery 'forces' neighbour to build new wall [REPORT] DIY mum uses clever hacks to transform bathroom for under £30 [REVEALED] US interview shows Harry's huge 'resentment' towards William [LATEST] "It took a few lads to split them up. We made them move seats. We had to tell them to stop at one point, there were families on the bus." Mr Barker joked: "There were 20 lads on a coach on a stag do that you would think would cause problems, but it was just two tanked up women." Two and half hours after setting out from the airport, the coach arrived in Benidorm - a trip that Adam said should have taken 35 minutes. Mr Barker added when the two women got off the bus they made up, hugging each other and saying sorry. He said: "Everyone has been cooped up for three years because of Covid so it's like the first time out of the traps. "That journey took ages. It was funny, but after a bit, it was like - shut up."