Amanda Holden has an incredible figure and while she works hard to maintain it, the Britain’s Got Talent judge “doesn’t diet” or restrict herself from her favourite treats. In terms of exercise, the presenter hates gyms, and favours a weekly run and several yoga workouts - which include one exercise she says is great for achieving a “flatter tummy”. Amanda is all about healthy diet, exercise and wellness. She previously posted an image of her taking a dip in the sea, and there are many health benefits of cold water therapy. The icy waters can support immunity, aid weight loss and help speed up exercise recovery, as well as ease anxiety and clear brain fog. And while she “likes to keep active”, Amanda “can’t stand gyms”, instead, she likes “to run for an hour a week”. “I feel great afterwards," Amanda remarked. “It's also time to myself, which is worth its weight in gold." The presenter also likes to exercise with her family. READ MORE: Mark Labbett on 10st weight loss - ‘Smallest I’ve been in 30yrs’ Last year, Amanda explained exercise was “an essential hour” of her daily life during lockdown. “Whether it's a home workout, a bike ride, a run or even a walk around the park – working up a sweat is good for your mind, body and soul,” she wrote on social media. Amanda also enjoys yoga, and said she “got into it after Hollie was born”. “I'd been on a ventilator and I had a lot of lung problems,” she explained. “Kundalini yoga is all about breathwork, so I took it on to build my strength. “A lot of people advised me to do it for calmness, too. I don't really sit still, I'm always on the go." DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton rewears £1400 worth of clothes for today's appearance [PICTURES]Tomatoes: Monty Don on how to 'maximise quantity' of tomato harvest [VIDEO]Sarah Beeny: How to increase value of home to sell - make 5 changes [EXPERT] As well as the mental benefits, she says her body shape has also reaped the rewards of yoga. "There's one exercise called the Breath Fire which is great for abs," Amanda commented. "But it's also a good pick-me-up when you're tired – honestly, it's better than a cup of coffee. “My body got strong and any excess fat disappeared. It's definitely made my tummy flatter." Amanda is also determined to “enjoy life”. "I had a friend once who didn't make it to her 50s and her biggest regret was that she spent her life on a diet. I think a little bit of everything is fine. “Life's too short to do fat-free, sugar-free, alcohol-free,” she said in regards to diets. “I don't believe in half-fat anything, I have full-fat yoghurt, butter and cheese. And I splurge on the weekends. I love wine." But, there is one food group Amanda avoids: meat. According to the book Amanda Holden, written by Jim Maloney, Amanda "decided to become vegetarian after being influenced by famous veggie Morrisey, lead singer with the Smiths", but she does eat fish, making her a pescatarian. Amanda previously spoke about the types of meals she has for breakfast, lunch and dinner. "Sometimes lunch goes out of the window,” she said. “So I like to have something wholesome for breakfast. I tend to start the day with a bowl of sugar-free Alpen." "Lunch, if it happens, is a bowl of soup or sushi.” Amanda also told Instagram fans how she has taken to the kitchen to cook French onion soup. “It's turned out pretty well for someone that never ever cooks but now I have the time and to be honest, I am loving it," she said. The Heart FM Breakfast host also likes to indulge: “Every two weeks, Chris and I will order an Indian and watch telly with that.” Amanda is always papped when out and about, and while she is a big fan of wine, she also loves to drink "a lot of water as I know it is good for my body and skin".