  Loose Women star Stacey Solomon, 32, provided an update on her wedding plans on Instagram yesterday. The former X Factor finalist admitted she is “scared” to walk down such a long aisle and asked her followers for their advice.    Stacey will marry her fiancé Joe Swash, 40, in three months time, and the mother of four has been busy planning their perfect wedding. The couple met on ITV show I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! back in 2010, where Stacey was crowned Queen of the jungle, two years after Joe was crowned king. Yesterday, Stacey took to Instagram to pose her wedding dilemma to her 5.1 million followers. She showed off a long, mossy archway in her garden at Pickle Cottage, which will act as the aisle for her wedding day. READ MORE: Will Smith 'set for more humiliation' over Jada's ex's tell-all book       Panning the camera to show its full length, she said: “We have got a bit of a dilemma because I feel like it’s quite a long walk. “It’s quite a way to go. I don’t know if I trust myself. Should I just go halfway? “But then I love the end of it. But then I’m scared to walk all that distance.” She continued in the caption: “Should we just get married halfway down the aisle?     “Because it’s such a long walk. Is it too long? I’m scared to walk that far in front of everyone. “I think I’ll just end up falling over or laughing at how long it’s taking me to get down the aisle,” she added with a laughing emoji. “But I love the end of the arches. HELP.” Fans responded to Stacey’s request for advice and she was delighted by their support. One person wrote: “It’s once in a lifetime and I’m sure the walk will look beautiful with all the flowers and lights so do the whole walk and just take in the moment xx and breathe.” READ MORE... 'I'm a jealous person' Emma Willis banned husband Matt from Strictly [NEWS] Dan Walker horrifies fans with pic of ‘stained’ BBC Breakfast studios [LATEST] Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [INSIGHT]       Another penned: “Walk the whole way! It’s a once in a lifetime walk, treasure the moment and just make sure you pick a long enough piece of music!!!” (sic) A third commented: “Alllll the way!!! Enjoy every moment. And if you do trip, it’s a memory maker!” (sic) Replying to the kind words of advice, Stacey wrote: “I love you lot so much… I’m going to go for it. Dad said he won’t let me fall over. “And if I feel awkward because it takes so long Joe said he will start telling jokes,” she added with a laughing emoji.     Yesterday afternoon, Stacey admitted she had shed a tear over their upcoming nuptials, writing: “This Morning I had to meet with the caterers, florists and everyone in between because I almost forgot we are getting married in three months’ time. “We are on the last part now. The aisle. And my sister just put a load of candles in my kitchen jars at the bottom where we are going to stand and I’m crying.” Showing more of the aisle, she continued: “My whole stomach is turning over and for some reason I’m so nervous.” Stacey and Joe plan to get married in July and have chosen the back garden of their family home ‘Pickle Cottage’ as the venue. The pair first got together in 2015 and became engaged in 2020 after Joe popped the question on Christmas Eve.  