Some 5.6 million people are claiming Universal Credit either because they are looking for work or on a low income. Many were forced to claim this DWP benefit during the pandemic and might not be aware that it is a gateway benefit to 30 additional benefits or freebies. Britons who are struggling to make ends meet because of the cost of living crisis are being reminded to check they are making use of all the DWP benefits available to them. Universal Credit claimants might not be aware they can apply up to 30 additional freebies which could help them make huge savings. New applicants can ask for an advance payment to help tide them over until their claim is processed. It doesn’t need to be paid back all at once and payments can be spread over 24 months. READ MORE: Inheritance tax threshold 'no longer fit for purpose!' How to cut bill Some people are still unaware they could qualify for things like reduced travel, free broadband and Healthy Start Vouchers. Around one million households are eligible to receive free broadband installation from Openreach, which could save a low income household £92 on installation charges. In addition, claimants are also entitled to Healthy Start Vouchers but may need to apply for them. Healthy Start Vouchers are available to people on Universal Credit and Tax Credits who have responsibility for young children. DON'T MISS:Dragons’ Den cast ‘emotional’ after heart felt pitch for £60,000 [UPDATE]State pension: Britons urged to check National Insurance record [ALERT]Money making tips: One option sees pensioner earn up to £290 a day [INSIGHT] Who qualifies for Healthy Start Vouchers? Universal Credit claimants should apply if: Child Tax Credit claimants should apply if:   Additional ‘freebie’ benefits like broadband installation and Healthy Start Vouchers could make a big difference to families on the breadline. It’s not just Universal Credit claimants who qualify for additional financial help, PIP claimants and those on tax credits should also enquire. Britons should speak to their work coach or leave a note in their journal if they don’t think they are receiving everything they are entitled to. People on state benefits might be eligible for up to 30 freebies saving them thousands of pounds.    What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Universal Credit claimants might qualify for: