Newcastle’s lucrative takeover meant that it was only a matter of time before they got the wheels in motion in their bid to climb up the Premier League table. The January transfer window gave fans a glimpse of what is to come, and Magpies supporters are anticipating more investment in the summer. The Toon Army have been linked with several top players since their club changed hands, though some of those rumours have had to be have been taken with a pinch of salt. The club won’t be able to sign the very best players around due to not finishing in the European placings this season. However, those who are willing to buy into the vision of Newcastle and want to be at the forefront of the team’s revival may be swayed into sacrificing European competitions in favour of a move to St James’ Park. Liverpool striker Divock Origi and Barcelona’s Philippe Coutinho - currently on loan at Aston Villa - have been named as two marquee signings that the club could complete as part of their revival, with Sport reporting that the latter is of serious interest. Though the club also have January transfer targets that they are expected to return for in the summer. JUST IN: Man Utd to give Ten Hag 'significant funds' but reject Rangnick idea Strengthening the team’s defence was the priority for Eddie Howe in his first transfer window as Newcastle boss. Both Diego Carlos of Sevilla and Lille’s Sven Botman were approached but a deal didn’t materialise for one reason or another. Therefore, the club forked out £13million to sign boyhood Magpies fan Dan Burn from Brighton. The towering Englishman has been vital in the club’s move away from the relegation zone over the past few months, but if both previous targets are signed then he could find himself moving into a squad rotation role. READ MORE: Arsenal's top four hopes receive boost with early Partey comeback Kieran Trippier also arrived at the club from Atletico Madrid to add depth in defence, along with Matt Targett of Aston Villa – and both have shown no reason why they need to be replaced going forward. Though the midfield may need to be improved upon further after the arrival of Bruno Guimaraes from Lyon, and Aaron Ramsey is a name who has regularly been linked with a return to the Premier League via Newcastle. The Magpies’ final piece of the puzzle if they were to, although unlikely, secure the signatures of all the aforementioned names would be signing a world-class shot-stopped. Sport reported that Barcelona’s Marc-Andre ter Stegen was approached by Newcastle soon after the takeover was complete but the German goalkeeper wasn’t willing to listen to the move, and that interest may be reignited by Howe in the summer. Newcastle 2022/23 team: Marc-Andre ter Stegen, Kieran Trippier, Diego Carlos, Sven Botman, Matt Targett, Bruno Guimaraes, Joelinton, Aaron Ramsey, Allan Saint-Maximin, Divock Origi, Philippe Coutinho