A poll of 2,500 across regions found at least 27 percent would be less likely to support Boris Johnson if he softened his green policies. Only 16 percent said they would be more likely to vote Tory in such a case. Lord Howard, former leader of the party, said: “Tackling climate change is completely aligned with Conservative values. We want to preserve our natural heritage so we can pass it on to future generations. “That’s why so many of our voters are committed to decarbonising our economy. “Achieving net zero is not only critical to avoiding the worst consequences of climate change, but for the UK’s national security and future economic prosperity. There would be no political or economic reward for letting the UK fall behind in the global race for net zero and continuing our dependence on oil and gas imports.” The Government this week unveiled its energy security strategy. This builds on the Prime Minister’s 10-point plan for a green industrial revolution and net-zero targets that the UK is legally bound to reach by 2050. Nuclear power forms a key part of the plan, with offshore wind, solar and hydrogen also featuring. But pollsters for the Conservative Environment Network (CEN) found that in Red Wall constituencies, as many as 34 percent of all voters would be less likely to vote Conservative if net zero was weakened. Some 60 percent of Tories say climate change would be an important consideration in deciding how they vote at the next election. Only 18 percent see it as “unimportant”. Sam Hall, director of the CEN, said: “If the Government listened to a small number of sceptics, as well as the significant geopolitical, environment and economic consequences, it is clear there would be stark electoral consequences for the party from ditching its green commitments. “If net zero was weakened, the party would jeopardise not only its previous supporters but potential voters too. “Net-zero promises jobs and new industries, and reinforces the Government’s levelling-up agenda. “It’s no surprise there could be a high electoral price to pay by weakening it.” ----------------------------------- As a Red Wall MP, I know how crucial net zero is to making good on our promises to voters who lent their votes to the Conservatives in 2019. These proud former industrial heartlands backed us because we promised to level-up the country, deliver better-paid jobs and invest in the north of England’s transport and public services. There’s no doubt that the best way to deliver this transformation is through a green industrial revolution. Net zero is key to my ambition to make Doncaster a regional super-hub, creating new jobs, businesses and a strong local economy. It’s why the Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre with Boeing is looking to set up a new base near the Doncaster Sheffield Airport. The substantial economic reward of achieving net zero by 2050 will help pay for our schools, NHS and national defence. It’s also the best way to lower bills and reduce the cost of living. That’s why it’s no surprise that 34 percent of Red Wall voters would be less likely to vote Conservative again if the Government weakened net zero. If we wave the white flag in the worldwide race for a decarbonised economy, we would be surrendering new jobs and industries to other nations. I know voters want to see us stick with our climate ambitions because it promises to level-up our nation. • Nick Fletcher is Conservative MP for Don Valley