Iris Mohamady, née Jones, 82, and her husband Mohamed, 36, married in November 2020 after meeting on Facebook in 2019. The retired care worker has been sharing updates on the couple's relationship on Facebook. She said in a post: "Love is... Knowing you look like s**t after a days housework and gardening, without a scrap of make up on dressed in my scruff! "After a month's absence, my wonderful husband will welcome me just just the way I am, because that's what love is all about. "Welcome home, Mohamed. Missing you this past month has made me realise what a priceless gem you are. "This rough diamond of a wife will be more appreciative of you in the future."  But on the same day, Mohamed posted a video from Cairo airport in which he explained that he needed to return to Egypt for a "special reason". He told fans in the video: "I miss my wife Iris, I miss her, and I miss my life with my wife." People commenting on the video speculated it was a visa issue keeping the couple apart. Mohamed had been granted a three-year visa on November 3, meaning he could finally move in with Iris, according to the Mirror.  READ MORE ABOUT MEGHAN AND HARRY'S HOROSCOPE Speaking to the Sunday Mirror at that time, Iris told how Mohamed had rung her to share the good news while she was out shopping. She said: "There was a lot of happy shouting and screaming. I cried in Tesco while sorting out my fruit and vegetables. My tears were dripping on the apples. It was amazing." Iris and engineer Mohamed first started chatting on a Facebook group for atheists in the summer of 2019 before meeting in person the following November and wedding in Cairo a year later. The couple's wish to be together came true on November 19 last year when they were reunited.  DON'T MISS: Airlines turn on Government amid Easter travel chaos [REVEALED] Britain braces as bitter -6C arctic blast to bring deep freeze [REPORT] Police warn parents over scary 'Huggy Wuggy' TikTok craze [LATEST] In video capturing the moment the pair met at the airport Iris can be heard saying: "We're never going to be separated again." To which Mohamed replied: "Never ever, never ever."  Recalling her separation from Mohamed at the time, Iris told ITV's This Morning in November that it was like living on a knife edge. She said: "Living day to day, it was like living on a knife edge - talking, messaging morning, noon and night, and that got boring." The mother of two from Weston-super-Mare, Somerset, shot to fame when she shared details of her sex life in the Sunday Mirror and on TV. Iris revealed that she and Mohamed became intimate hours after meeting, saying: "It was incredible. I felt like a virgin again. It wasn’t easy but it was very loving and romantic.  "My ex-husband said I was frigid when we divorced 40 years ago but I now know I’m certainly not." She told the Sunday Mirror: "As for the future, who knows. It depends on how long I last. We love each other. That’s all that matters." 