This Morning presenter Alison Hammond has shared how she was left "really upset" following the response to the news that she was taking over presenting responsibilities from Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford on the popular ITV show. The ITV star, 47, admitted that she "got a lot of flak" for replacing the husband wife team and told that she experienced "a lot of stress" before starting her new role. Alison and her co-host Dermot O'Leary started co-hosting the show together in 2021, replacing Eamonn and Ruth. However, the star has admitted in a new interview at the start of her new presenting role she "got a lot of flake". Alison said: "I'll tell you what was really upsetting. "I can remember reading an article and it was the first time that I'd become like, just a colour, because it said, 'Black host replaces Eamonn and Ruth,'and it really upset me," she admitted. READ MORE: Amanda Owen hits back as fan asks ‘why doesn’t your husband appear?' The ITV host explained: "That was the first time I though, 'Oh my gosh, I'm just a colour. "I'm not anything else, I'm not Alison Hammond anymore, which I'd always been. "I just became a black host and that really was quite shocking and quite upsetting," she added. Alison admitted that she was also "nervous" ahead of starting her hosting role with Dermot. She continued to tell Lorraine Kelly on her podcast, What If? With Lorraine and Rosie: "I had a lot of stress before doing that first show, so I was really nervous. "But again, I think I overcame it and it has been ok." "More than overcame it," Lorraine chipped in. She went on: "That's the thing Alison, I do remember at the time it was particularly difficult." DON'T MISS... Monty Don talks gardening duties as wife steps in [INSIGHT]Danniella Westbrook looking to adopt Ukrainian baby with prison beau [ANALYSIS]Ant and Dec reignite Boris Johnson row as they mock him in BGT gag [UPDATE] Also on the podcast, Alison addressed Eamonn and Ruth's reaction to her replacing them on the hit ITV daytime show, revealing that they were supportive of her new role. She said: "I don't know if people realise, but I got a lot of flak doing that job because obviously my friends were doing it beforehand, Eamonn and Ruth, so it was tough to do it "Eamonn and Ruth told me to go for it, you know," she added. Alison has previously opened up about replacing Eamonn and Ruth on the show, admitting that she'd "dread" fronting the ITV programme solo. She said: "At first I was a bit star-struck by Dermot, I thought, 'Oh my God, how am I going to work with him? He's up there!' Then I realised pretty soon he's actually not up there." The star admitted that she was "surprised" over how quickly she and Dermot have bonded, as they've only ever presented solo. Alison said: "I thought it was going to be hard because we're both used to working on our own. "But now, the thought of doing that show on my own would fill my heart with dread," Alison admitted to Daily Mail's Weekend Magazine.