To date, there is no treatment for fatty liver disease, but illuminating research from Imperial College London could pave the way for a future remedy. Collaborating with Rutgers University, the scientists explored whether the hormone kisspeptin could play a role in treatment. Kisspeptin is a naturally occurring hormone that controls the reproductive system and aspects of the metabolism. Moreover, the hormone has previously been shown to enhance brain activity associated with attraction. The study Scientists found that mice fed a high-fat, high-sugar diet did not have the kisspeptin receptor. This meant the mice could not respond to kisspeptin and had more fat in their livers compared to controls. By contrast, when mice with NASH were given kisspeptin for six weeks, liver fibrosis and markers of liver damage improved. READ MORE: Sleep deprivation impairs driving 'comparable to alcohol intoxication' – health risks Professor Waljit Dhillo warned that NASH – an advanced form on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease – is "one of the leading causes of liver failure". The lead author of the study said: "NASH is currently managed by trying to reduce weight and improve diabetes." However, "new and effective ways of treating NASH" are needed. "The results of this joint project show that not only does kisspeptin reduce fat in the livers of mice, it also improves liver fibrosis," said Professor Dhillo. "In addition, there is a significant difference in liver and blood levels of kisspeptin in patients with NASH compared with people who do not have this condition." Research at Imperial also found that patients with NAFLD (non-alcoholic fatty liver disease) had higher levels of kisspeptin than those who didn't have the liver condition. The hypothesis is that the rise in kisspeptin is the body's attempt to heal liver damage caused by NAFLD. Co-author, Dr Chioma Izzi-Engbeaya, added: "These initial findings are novel and exciting. "They indicate that kisspeptin may play a role in improving several key abnormalities in this common liver condition." Dr Izzi-Engbeaya said: "We are keen to explore whether kisspeptin could be an effective treatment for NASH." In short, if proven effective, kisspeptin could stop people with NASH from developing liver failure. More research, however, on the effects of kisspeptin on a more diverse population is needed. "Some groups of patients (such as postmenopausal women) have been noted to be more likely to progress to more severe stages of NASH," Dr Izzi-Engbeaya explained. Warning signs of fatty liver disease The British Liver Trust said NAFLD may lead to tiredness, fatigue and a general feeling of lethargy. The condition can also lead to discomfort in the upper right side of the stomach. If you are concerned you might have NAFLD, do speak to your doctor.