The start of April saw the new energy price cap take effect, adding an estimated £700 extra per year in bills for the average household. A 30-year-high in inflation is further compounding the misery for Britons, many of whom could now struggle to buy basic goods and services. Express.co.uk spoke with a financial expert to understand the best advice for people to start budgeting. Steve Reay, the head of financial wellbeing at HSBC UK, told Express.co.uk that following a “selection of simple tips” can help people to hang onto as much of their cash as possible. For starters, Britons can find a wealth of information that is readily available online to help them understand how they can make their money last. HSBC, for instance, offers their own ‘Budget Calculator’ to help crunch the numbers on regular spending using the 50-30-20 budget rule. READ MORE: Martin Lewis details 'only people' who should save in a cash ISA  Alternatively, support can also be found by reaching out to experts who can point you in the right direction. Using budgeting tools gives people a greater level of control over their finances by displaying available funds until your next payday. Mr Reay added: “It’s definitely worth a shot to gain improved clarity of your finances.”  The bank’s own 'My Investment' tool is an example of an online service built to provide customers with a personalised investment recommendation. Users can also receive a risk calculation and advice aimed at helping them to choose the right investment fund. Making the right investments can ultimately help you to put money aside for the future.  DON'T MISS: State pension alert as many ‘fearful’ sum will be axed altogether [INSIGHT]Woman's surprise as 'Purebred French' puppy grows into different breed [NEWS]Royal Navy emergency declared over English Channel  [EXPLAINER] According to Mr Reay: “There’s more to fitness than just working out." Financial fitness tools can help to keep an individual's finances in peak condition by analysing your spending, saving, and borrowing habits, creating a ‘fitness score’. The result will then act as a blueprint to improve the state of your financial health with achievable goals to get you to where you want to be.  Small, recurring payments can be easy to let slip each month and before you know it they’re adding up to make much larger sums. Keeping on top of your subscriptions is not only good practice to get into generally but, in the long run, it can help to save you hundreds of pounds. 