  BBC journalist Clive Myrie, 57, made a couple of well-aimed jokes about Will Smith on Have I Got News For You tonight. Will Smith, 53, caused an uproar last Sunday after he slapped Chris Rock, 57, across the face live on the Oscars stage after the comedian made a joke about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith, 50.     Clive hosted popular BBC One political show Have I Got News For You tonight. When he was introducing the show, Clive said: “Now, just to be on the safe side after what happened at the Oscars, I’ve cut all the jokes about Ian’s wife." At this point, the camera panned to Ian Hislop, 61, who chuckled amusedly as Clive made a hand gesture to indicate a slap. Ian added in: “And I’m going to repeat the ones about Rishi Sunak’s wife.” READ MORE: The Wanted's Tom Parker died with 'perfect' Oasis song playing    Ian, who is married to popular author Victoria Hislop, made the quip in reference to the Chancellor of the Exchequer following his comparisons he made to Hollywood actors Will and Jada. Mr Sunak said he finds it "very upsetting" that his wife has faced criticism over shares she owns in a tech company operating in Russia. He then likened his feelings to that of Will, whose wife Jada was mocked at the Oscars. Joking about the slap Will administered to Chris, however, he pointed out: “At least I didn't get up and slap anybody, which is good.”       Mr Sunak's wife Akshata Murty owns shares thought to be worth more than £400m in Indian firm Infosys, founded by her father, Narayana. "I think it's totally fine for people to take shots at me. It's fair game. I'm the one sitting here and that's what I signed up for,” he said. “It's very upsetting and, I think, wrong for people to try and come at my wife, and you know, beyond that actually, with regard to my father-in-law, for whom I have nothing but enormous pride and admiration for everything that he's achieved,” he told the BBC’s Newscast podcast. Later in tonight’s episode of Have I Got News For You, Clive made another joke at Will’s expense. READ MORE... Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'settles argument' over hospital scene [NEWS] Monty Don divides fans by unveiling big team behind his famous garden [NEWS]      Minutes after his first quip, Clive tackled the subject once more when introducing the show’s panel. He said: “On Ian’s team tonight is a journalist who once wrote a piece called ‘What happens when a joke is followed by silence?’ “As Chris Rock can testify, it’s not the worst thing that can happen,” he added, drawing laughs from the audience. He then welcomed the Atlantic’s Helen Lewis, who smiled sheepishly at the introduction.      Chaos first broke out at the Oscars on Sunday after Chris made a joke about Jada’s decision to shave her head - something she has admitted felt heartbreaking. Referencing the 1997 action film G.I Jane starring Demi Moore, who shaved her head for the role, he said “Jada, I love you. G.I Jane 2, can’t wait to see you.” The comment resulted in Will walking up to the stage and striking the presenter in the face, before returning to his seat and yelling: “Keep my wife’s name out of your f*****g mouth.” Attempting to regain his composure, Chris said: “Wow, Will Smith just smacked the s**t out of me. That was the greatest night in the history of television.” Have I Got News For You airs Fridays at 9pm on BBC One.   