Manchester United are apparently interested in raiding Barcelona for Frenkie de Jong in this summer’s transfer window. The Red Devils will be managed by Erik ten Hag next term, with 52-year-old previously managing the Netherlands international at Ajax. And he may not be the only fresh face to arrive at Old Trafford this summer. Manchester United announced earlier in the week that Ten Hag would be their new manager, having fended off competition from Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique to secure the role. And, now, the Red Devils are being linked with plenty of players as they plan for a brighter future. Among them is De Jong, who previously played under Ten Hag at Ajax. Barcelona need to make a big sale before June 30 in order to balance their finances and that means the Netherlands international could, potentially, depart. So Express Sport will now take a look at how United would line up with De Jong, as well as other linked players such as Darwin Nunez, Antony and Pau Torres. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz David De Gea, barring any surprises, will still be United’s No 1 next term. The Spain international has been at Old Trafford since 2011, so knows all about winning from the Sir Alex Ferguson era. De Gea had, at the start of the season, expected to be the club’s No 2 goalkeeper behind Dean Henderson. But Henderson was sidelined with Covid at the start of the campaign and his senior, ever since, has been undroppable. De Gea will be United’s No 1 for many years to come at the current rate, though he’ll benefit from increased competition between the sticks with Henderson likely to leave. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag United have seen Aaron Wan-Bissaka alarmingly regress this term. But the right-back could be transformed under Ten Hag, especially with his defensive talents already unquestionable. Likewise Luke Shaw, who will certainly be worth keeping if United can get him back to the level he was during Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s stint in charge. In deference, Raphael Varane still has more to give. And United may raid Villarreal for Torres given the poor form of club captain Harry Maguire, who was taken out of the firing line for the 3-1 defeat to Arsenal on Saturday. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here What a midfield this would be. United are interested in De Jong and, if they’re successful in landing the Barcelona star, he’d slot right into their midfield. They could pair the Netherlands international with compatriot Donny van de Beek, who Ten Hag is willing to give a second chance to prove his worth to. And playing ahead of the pair would be Bruno Fernandes. Fernandes has been out of sorts this season but, when operating at the peak of his powers, is one of the best players in the whole of world football. United may offload Cristiano Ronaldo if Ten Hag doesn’t deem him the right fit for his project. And Darwin Nunez could then arrive as his replacement, with the Benfica star in outrageous form this term. On the right, United are eyeing Antony. The Ajax star plays under Ten Hag in Amsterdam and has been compared to Neymar due to his trickery, pace and eye for goal. Then, on the left, it’s feasible Jadon Sancho will start there with the best yet to come from the former Borussia Dortmund star.