Dr Mark Porter says this is down to something known as "medication-overuse headache" (MOH). MOH is defined as a “chronic headache that results from, and is perpetuated by, overuse of acute or symptomatic headache medications.” Dr Porter added: “MOH can affect anyone, but is particularly common in women in their 30s and 40s, and tends to affect people who take regular painkillers only for headaches, rather than for other conditions such as arthritis." MOH is thought to be caused by changes in brain chemistry leading to oversensitivity. READ MORE: Longevity: The timing of your evening meal influences lifespan - study Furthermore, the condition is also linked to depression and anxiety. The international classification of headache disorders says MOH can be diagnosed if a headache occurs on 15 or more days per month as a result of regular overuse of headache medication. The latest guidance on diagnoses and management of MOH can be found on the NICE website. Meanwhile, as well as causing MOH, paracetamol can also cause side effects.  This includes anaphylaxis, a serious allergic reaction requiring immediate treatment. Symptoms of anaphylaxis, as pointed out by the NHS, include:• A skin rash that may include itchy, red, swollen, blistered, or peeling skin• Wheezing• Tightness in the chest or throat• Trouble breathing or talking• Mouth, face, lips, tongue, or throat starting to swell. However, the NHS says it is important to note that anaphylaxis occurring as a result of painkiller use is rare. Any potential side effects will be listed on the leaflet that comes with the medication. If a side effect occurs that isn’t listed on the supplementary packet action can be taken by reporting the side effect to the MHRA through the Yellow Card Scheme. Set up in the mid 1960s, the Yellow Card Scheme is a way for members of the public to report issues with medicinal products. Over the years, as the technology has developed, so has the scheme. During the COVID-19 pandemic a Covid specific Yellow Card Scheme was set up. Whether this continues into the future is yet to be seen. More information on the latest Covid guidance can be found on the government’s website.