Former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan has blasted his exit from the ITV programme last year as a "farce", while claiming he has been proven right about Meghan Markle. Speaking ahead of the launch of his new show, Uncensored, the outspoken TV personality, 57, applauded that TalkTv network had been established as a result from his ITV departure, claiming that the new broadcaster is "dedicated to presenting that kind of farce from reoccuring". Following the interview, where Meghan claimed to have experienced struggles with her mental health as part of the Royal Family, Piers shared his thoughts on GMB the following morning. Addressing the comments, the former newspaper editor said: "I’m sorry, I don’t believe a word she said... I wouldn’t believe it if she read me a weather report." Speaking at the press event ahead of his new show Uncensored, the former Life Stories host didn't hold back as he shared his thoughts on "Princess Pinocchio". Piers labelled his exit from GMB a "farce" but said that as a result, he now has his own show Uncensored, which is dedicated to cancelling cancel culture. READ MORE: Amanda Owen hits back as fan asks ‘why doesn’t your husband appear?' He explained: "So I thought the whole thing was a farce and I'm delighted that actually as a result of the farce we've ended up with a whole network, which is now dedicated to preventing that kind of farce from reoccurring." A year after the remarks, Piers revealed that his stance on the matter hasn't changed,. He said: "I still don't believe a word Meghan Markle says. "I think almost everything that comes out of her mouth is complete b******t."  However, the star went on to take issue with the fact that his co-host was allowed to voice her opinion while he wasn't. Piers explained: "But whether you agree with me or not, doesn't matter. "Susanna Reid, on that same show where I got into all the trouble, she was saying the complete opposite. "Well, why is she entitled to believe her, given how many lies were coming out of Meghan Markle's mouth." DON'T MISS... Monty Don talks gardening duties as wife steps in [INSIGHT]Catherine Zeta-Jones posts pic of husband and kids in family reunion [UPDATE]Alison Hammond 'really upset' by response to replacing Eamonn and Ruth [ANALYSIS] He went on to add that he couldn't "understand" why he was censored from voicing his opinions on the Duchess of Sussex's claims. "I just don't understand why someone's right to believe was deemed to be more than more valued and protected and someone's right to disbelieve them," Piers added. "So you know, we weren't talking Mother Teresa," he quipped. The star went on to claim that Meghan's behaviour has been "shameful".  Piers went on: "We're talking [about] someone who was on national TV in America, trashing our royal family, trashing the monarchy, humiliating the Queen, all while Prince Philip was seriously ill, and then later died. "I thought it was utterly shameful, totally disgraceful. "And then I think at least 17 things that came out of that mouth have been proven to be untrue," he claimed. Uncensored airs on TalkTV on Monday 25th April at 8pm.