James Piddock left his Renault Zöe charging at Lidl in Ditton, Kent while he was visiting his girlfriend nearby for a Sunday dinner. The supermarket was shut at the time and so the car park was completely empty.  However the Lidl in question usually has a 90-minute maximum stay for shoppers. Mr Piddock had plugged his car into the pay-per-use Pod Point charger at around 6.20pm. Less than two hours later he returned to his car and paid the £9.50 charge. But he was staggered to receive a £90 fine a few days later for staying 23 minutes over the allotted time limit. READ MORE: Drivers furious over sunglasses rule that can land £5,000 fine He said: "It doesn’t say on the machine that you can only park there for 90 minutes. "There are notices in the car park but they are 6-8ft up in the air and not with the biggest of writing. "Most cars take longer than an hour and a half to charge up; certainly my Renault Zöe did. "Even when I got back it still wasn’t fully charged. When I left, it was on around 30 percent and when I got back it had 98 percent." Mr Piddock hadn’t previously had any issues with charging his EV up to this point and continued: "The same company own the machines at my local Tesco and that has got a big sticker on it saying a max stay is three hours. "The Tesco one is actually free, so when I’ve paid market rate for this charge and then I get a fine on top of that it just seems unfair to me. "You’d think either the charger is free and there is a limited amount of time - so you’re not hogging it - or you pay for using it." Mr Piddock has appealed to both Pod Point and Lidl in a bid to have the fine overturned, but without success. He told Kent Online: "With Pod Point I felt like I was just shouting into the wind as the company was speaking through an automated system and you just don’t get through to anybody." Mr Piddock paid the fine early, meaning it was reduced to £45, but feels changes should be put in place to prevent future issues. He said: "I’ve kissed goodbye to the money but I just thought other people need to know about this, otherwise they will be coining out of this and I think it is just unfair. "I think this is a disgrace and I want other people to know about it so they don't get stitched up." In a statement, Pod Point said: "Lidl’s charge points are operated by Pod Point and are part of our public charging network. "However the terms and conditions of the car park are set and enforced by the charge point host and owner of the asset. "We do advise drivers to observe the terms and conditions of the car park and to check the physical car park signage and / or Pod Point app for parking restrictions and operating hour policies. A statement given to express.co.uk by Lidl read: “The vast majority of carparks across our stores offer free parking for up to 90 minutes and the majority of our EVC charging points feature rapid chargers which can offer up to 80% charge in just 45 minutes. As is normal practice across the industry, carpark usage is subject to terms and conditions for all those using the carpark. We have very clear signage displayed prominently across our car parks, and an additional prompt is given within the Pod Point app. “At Lidl GB we are proud to have invested over £25m in the rollout of electric vehicle charging points since 2017 and have committed to having rapid charging points in place at 300 stores by the end of 2022. We are also proud to offer our customers the best value pay-as-you go rapid charging of any supermarket currently at just 26p p/kWh.”