Nuts have become a building block of good diets, mainly due to their unmatched benefits for the heart. But walnuts have a unique profile because they are rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids. These compounds are renowned for lowering levels of harmful cholesterol while boosting good ones. Growing evidence suggests regular consumption of walnut oil could lower levels of harmful lipids in days. Cholesterol is a waxy substance carried by two proteins in the bloodstream, known as "good" and "bad" cholesterol. Bad cholesterol - scientifically known as low-density lipoprotein - collects on the inner lining of the arterial, causing it to harden over time. Dietary fats are notorious contributors to the condition, but some may offer significant benefits. Harvard Health states: “The worst type of dietary fat is the kind known as trans fat. […] Trans fats have no known health benefits.” READ MORE: High cholesterol: Eating omega 3 'can help protect the heart' from disease Poly-unsaturated and mono-unsaturated fats, on the other hand, are highly recommended for the treatment of cholesterol. Early research published in the Journal of Nutrition and Metabolism found the nut could significantly reduce levels of low-density lipoprotein. The results were based on the blood samples of people with hyper-cholesterolemia. The study authors wrote: “While most tree nuts are rich in MUFA, walnuts contain high levels of PUFA, both linolenic-acid and alpha-linolenic acid. “A recent meta-analysis reported that walnut intake consistently reduces total cholesterol and LDL- cholesterol in dietary intervention studies.” Consumption of the nut has consistently been associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease and death. In one 2017 study published in the journal Nutrition Diabetes, researchers looked specifically at the benefits of consuming walnut oil. Here, the researchers found that consumption of walnut oil by type 2 hyperlipidemic diabetic patients resulted in a significant decrease in total cholesterol levels, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein, total cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein compared to the control group. The team also observed that “there was a trend towards increasing HDL levels with consumption of walnut oil". They continued: “It has been shown the frequent nut consumption or intake of more than four to five servings per week significantly reduces […] risk of cardiovascular disease.” These findings were echoed in another study of 60 adults with high levels of triglycerides, who took a daily capsule of walnut oil for 45 days. Compared with their baseline levels, participants had significantly lower blood levels of triglycerides at the end of the follow-up period.