As the warm weather continues, garden weeds grow faster and form in most outdoor spaces. It seems like there is a never-ending battle between you and all the plants that you don't want to be growing in your garden. Although there are many chemical weed killers on the market, many gardeners would rather opt for a natural method of removing these pesky plants. Gardening experts at Love to Know have shared organic ways to get rid of weeds, including the pulling method. Although quite “time-consuming”, pulling weeds is an “effective” way to get rid of weeds for free according to the experts. The gardening gurus said: “Pulling weeds is an effective and organic way to get rid of weeds, but it is also the most time-consuming process for killing off garden plant pests. “The good thing about pulling weeds by hand is that you know when you have pulled the weed roots out completely, it won't be coming back. “Spending a lot of time in your garden pulling weeds also helps you get to know your plants, so you can spot and control pests or other problems with your plants.” READ MORE: Weeding: How to create an ‘affordable’ weed killer in seconds Those who don't feel like pulling weeds but don't want to use a lot of chemicals in their garden, there are some other organic options. Gardeners can use boiling water to kill weeds as it “will kill the weeds as well as the seeds”. However, despite its effectiveness, gardeners need to be cautious when using this method. Gardeners should not use boiling water to kill lawn weeds as it could inhibit the growth of the grass too. DON'T MISS:Laundry: How to properly remove ‘yellow’ stains from pillows [EXPERT]Property: Common DIY mistakes to avoid - ‘leads to hefty repair bill’ [INSIGHT]Garden pests: How to keep vegetable gardens ‘pest-free’ naturally [TIPS] Hot water works better on broad-leaf weeds than it does on perennials, woody plants or grass weeds, according to experts from the University of California's integrated pest management department. For plants, such as dandelions, it may take more water to reach the root and kill off the plant. Other weeds with a fibrous root system near the top of the soil don’t need as much to be taken out permanently. For the most effective results, Gardening Know How recommends pruning off most of the foliage at the top of the weed, before applying hot water to tackle the root. Surprisingly, using mulch can actually prevent weeds appearing in the first place, according to the gardening enthusiasts at Love to Know. They said: “Not only can mulch help prevent weeds from growing in the first place, mulching can smother and kill existing weeds. “Two to three inches of mulch will eliminate weeds and help hold water in your garden's soil.” Mulch is a thick layer of material placed over the soil and around plants, used for a variety of different reasons. This material could be garden compost, wood or bark chipping used to lay over the soil as a covering. It could also be homemade leafmould, used from gathered leaves last year or the year previous. Mulch can help to control weeds, lock moisture into the soil as well as helping to protect the soil. The gardening experts also suggested using soapy water as an “effective method” to remove weeds. They said: “Another effective method is to add about five tablespoons of washing up liquid to four cups of water. “Mix it up, put it in a spray bottle and spray on the weeds, preferably on hot days.” White vinegar is also a “great choice” for killing weeds. However, be careful not to spray on plants because it can kill them too.