 The Foreign Secretary announced the new sanctions on Thursday for Russian media and propagandists that “spread lies and deceit” about the conflict. The UK is leading the way on sanctions against Russia to destabilise the economy which is funding Putin’s illegal war.   Ms Truss took to Twitter to say: “Putin's war on Ukraine is founded on lies. “Today I have announced new sanctions targeting Russian state media and the Kremlin mouthpieces who spew Putin’s propaganda.” Former UK resident Sergey Brilev, who is a famed television anchor in Russia and propagandist for Putin, is included in sanctions which mean he will have no access to assets or business deals in the UK. Russian state media organisations will be targeted by the Government sanctions including Kremlin funded TV-Novosti who own RT, formerly Russia Today, and Rossiya Segodnya who control news agency Sputnik. Russia Today had their licence revoked by Ofcom, the UK communications regulator last month, after concluding that “we do not consider RT’s licensee, ANO TV Novosti, fit and proper to hold a UK broadcast licence.”   Ofcom added: “RT is funded by the Russian state, which has recently invaded a sovereign country. “We also note new laws in Russia which effectively criminalise any independent journalism that departs from the Russian state’s own news narrative, in particular in relation to the invasion of Ukraine.” The fresh sanctions have been announced on media groups as the Government declared “Disinformation is part of the Kremlin playbook and is used by Putin’s regime to obscure the truth of his unjust invasion”. Russian Colonel-General Mikhail Mizintsev, who has been dubbed ‘the butcher of Mariupol’ by Olexander Scherba, Ukraine's ex-Austrian ambassador will also be sanctioned. READ MORE: Manchester airport has ‘huge problems’ says Simon Calder  General Mizintsev ordered the shelling of the Mariupol theatre that killed 300 sheltering civilians. The General is known for inflicting atrocities on civilians both in Aleppo and now Ukraine and calls have been made of a conviction for committing war crimes. Boris Johnson’s spokesperson said: “I think no one can doubt in looking at what’s happening in Mariupol there, on the face of it, appears to be evidence of war crimes. “Formally, that is not a distinction that we can rule on. DON'T MISS:Royal POLL: Should Queen take a backseat to Charles? (POLL)Struggling with Quordle answers? Quordle 66 HINTS for March 31 (INSIGHT)Mika Hakkinen raises concerns over Lewis Hamilton's 'very strange' car (REVEAL)  “But clearly, no one can be in any doubt by looking at the situation that it is a horrific thing.” Other people who have been sanctioned include Aleksandr Zharov the Chief Executive Officer of Gazprom-Media, Alexey Nikolov the Managing Director of RT, and Anton Anisimov the Head of Sputnik International Broadcasting. The spokesperson concluded that it is “right to place sanctions on those who are seeking to misinform people at a mass scale”. 