The Duke and Duchess of Sussex interrupted their trip to the Netherlands to make a surprise visit to the British sovereign at Windsor Castle on Thursday. Arriving on an overnight British Airways flight from Los Angeles, the couple spent Wednesday night at Frogmore, before meeting the British monarch at her Windsor residence the next day. Harry's willingness to pay his grandmother a visit has been seen as an olive branch between the two sides of the House of Windsor. The Duke is said to have also held talks with his father, Prince Charles, whom Harry criticised in various interviews last year. A key player in the reconciliation process has been Harry's cousin and closest ally, Princess Eugenie. Writing in his Daily Mail column, Ricard Kay noted: "It was also the first time Meghan had seen any of her royal in-laws since March 2020. "Intriguingly it involved a fifth member of the Royal Family who was not present at either meeting – Princess Eugenie. "The princess who is temporarily living in her cousin’s Frogmore Cottage with her husband Jack Brooksbank and their son August, is thought to have played an ‘encouraging’ role behind the scenes. "She is Harry’s closest royal ally – she and Jack visited the Sussexes in California earlier this year – and is also close to the Queen." Harry and Meghan's visit to the Queen came as it was announced the monarch would most likely miss this year's Easter morning church service. The Queen, who turns 96 next week, was able to attend Prince Philip's memorial last month at Westminster abbey. However, health issues coupled with a deterioration in her mobility have forced her to miss numerous events, including the annual Commonwealth Service. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are in the Netherlands to attend the Invictus Games. The Games were founded by Harry in order to help injured war veterans. This year's event runs from Saturday until Friday next week and is being held at the Zuiderpark in The Hague. READ MORE: Harry will ‘leave Andrew alone’ in new memoir out of respect It is the first time that the Games have gone ahead since the Covid pandemic struck in 2019. Meghan and Harry's visit to Holland is also the first time they have appeared in public in Europe since quitting the Royal Family. They will be joined by a film crew, which is shooting a Netflix series called Heart of Invictus. Ukraine has sent a team to take part in the Games, having been given permission to travel by President Volodymyr Zelensky. Oksana Horbach, the team's manager, had a chance to speak to the Duchess of Sussex. DON'T MISSPrincess Eugenie's engagement ring is 'untraditional' - here's why [INSIGHT]Eugenie & Beatrice have contrasting marriages - body language [SPOTLIGHT]Princesses Eugenie and Beatrice 'received Turkish fraudster money' [NEWS] She later told the PA news agency that they had discussed the importance of having a voice and "she totally understood that". "Be heard, be vocal, have a voice, just tell your own truth, your experience. It's very important to her." She added: "And Prince Harry says that he totally supports Ukraine and he says that during the next day we will feel how much support there is to give by Invictus Games community and that he totally supports Ukrainian people in this fight." The visit to Europe comes as Prince Harry is bringing a court challenge against the UK government's decision to refuse police security during his visits from the US.