Mary Comerfood, a domiciliary care worker, 58, from the West Midlands had piled on the pounds during lockdown. When she tipped the scales at 13st 8lbs, she knew it was time to do something about her weight. Mary spoke to Express.co.uk about how she lost three stone following the DA diet. She said: “My weight crept up over the pandemic. I’m only 5’2”, so 13 stone 8 was a lot to weigh, and I also wasn’t in the best of health. “I was finding couldn’t walk easily anymore; my knees were killing me - and I stopped smoking four years ago, which I think also contributed to the weight gain. “It was an accumulation of different things. My blood pressure was up – I was on tablets for blood pressure and cholesterol, and I thought, that’s it. “I’d been with DA before, so I knew it worked and I liked the fact there are no chemicals in their products.” The DA Group (DA for short) is a family run company that offers several diet plans along with supporting natural, pharmaceutical-grade supplements. READ MORE: Jane McDonald: Singer shares foods she ate & avoided to lose 4st Mary chose DA’s Advanced Plan, which is its most popular diet plan. It includes a recipe book, membership to DA’s VIP Facebook group and round the clock online support, as well as support via email and over the phone. The DA diet is designed to be straightforward – it doesn’t involve calorie counting but is based on weighed portions of food. “I'm very precise,” Mary admitted. “I like weighing things up and I like to have a pattern in my life so it suits me down to the ground. “If it says 300g of vegetables and I’ve got 302g, I’ll break some off so I have exactly 300g. “It’s so easy to follow, and there are so many things you can enjoy on the diet – even puddings. As well as fresh fruit and veg, I used a lot of frozen vegetables because it’s cheaper and easier. DON'T MISS...How to save money: Cut Tesco food shop to just £13 a week [GUIDE]Kate Middleton re-wears cream Alexander McQueen coat dress [PICTURES]Lawn care: ‘Easy’ and natural way to get rid of weeds - 'Just 3 steps' [EXPERT] “The diet also suited my schedule, because I leave the house at six o'clock and see three or four patients then I have the chance to come back home and chill with a nice breakfast.” Mary also explained how the Facebook group offered her support when she needed it. “If you've got any questions, the moderators are always there to help,” she said. “You can ask if you’re allowed to have something, you can get recipe ideas, and we all support each other. “We applaud each other and say well done - it's a really good group to be on. There are no negative comments, and we’ll all share information about our favourite foods.” As for what Mary ate, she gave an example of what she would have for lunch: “I especially like spinach curry with two boiled eggs.” She also said the key to her weight loss is being honest about what she ate. “It’s no good lying online – for example, saying you’ve just had two eggs when in reality you also had a bar of chocolate on the side. You’re not doing yourself any favours,” she remarked. “Also, it's not a race. Everybody loses weight at a different rate and the bigger you are, the faster you can lose weight. “But if you're five foot two, and you've only got a couple of stone to lose, it might take longer.” Mary now weights 10st 8lbs and feels “healtiher, fitter and more confident”. “I've been shopping for clothes and I've filled a charity bag full all my size 16 clothes,” she revealed. “Donating them to charity makes me feel good. I'm enjoying buying new clothes online in size 12 or 14.” She’s also had many people comment on her slimmer appearance. “Everybody stops you to say something,” she said. “When you feel good inside yourself, you want to look good on the outside, so I've gone and got my hair done, and other people in the group people get their nails done or buy a new swimsuit for their holidays.” Mary’s top advice for weight loss success is to make sure you understand the rules of the diet and be prepared to stick to it. “You should read the booklets very carefully, and get your mind set,” she explained. “Tell yourself you’re going to do it now – don’t say you’re going to do it next week – or if you do, make sure you stick to that. Also, join the group online because everybody's there to help you out.”