Prices will be slashed by up to half under the "Great British Rail Sale" initiative aimed at helping households hit by the cost-of-living squeeze. Whitehall officials say the discounted tickets, on sale from today, will connect friends and families, boost the tourism and hospitality industries and encourage green travel. Rail operators across the country are joining in the scheme to offer a wide range of cut-price journeys on off-peak services. Passengers will be able to save more than £10 on a journey between Manchester and Newcastle and more than £20 when travelling from Portsmouth to Penzance. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said: "For the first time ever, operators across the rail industry are coming together to help passengers facing rising costs of living by offering up to 50 per cent off more than a million tickets on journeys across Britain. "There's no better time to visit friends, family or just explore our great country, so book your tickets today." Jacqueline Starr, chief executive of the Rail Delivery Group, said: "We want everyone to be able to benefit from travelling by train because it's more than just a journey, it's a way to connect everyone to the people, places and things they love. "As part of the Great British Rail Sale, customers will enjoy more than one million discounted tickets, so they can explore some of the fantastic locations that are accessible by rail." Tickets reduced under the scheme will be made available online from participating rail firms. They will be valid for journeys taken between April 25 to May 27. Officials say the move is evidence the Government is listening to concerns about the soaring cost of living. Ministers have already agreed financial support for households worth £22billion this year. Despite the announcement of the Rail Sale, the Government is facing pressure to prevent what could be the biggest hike in train fares. Under the current system, which pegs ticket prices to the Retail Prices Index (RPI) measure of inflation, fares could rise by about a tenth next year. The Office for Budget Responsibility forecasts RPI will average 9.8 per cent this year.