The drone footage shows images of a Russian tank being accidentally blown up by another Russian armoured vehicle. The video shows Russian troops near a village west of Kyiv as they were preparing to leave the capital following their unsuccessful assault on the Ukrainian capital. The footage shows clear images of a Russian tank that appear to accidentally blow up another Russian tank and its own comrades. The tanks have been confirmed as being Russian as both show the indistinctive “V” marking printed on the side of the vehicles. The symbol, as often seen on footage or images of Russian armoured combat vehicles deployed to Ukraine, represents the Russian marines. The drone footage, as confirmed by GPS signals, was filmed in Dmytrivka, a village west of Kyiv, on March 31, 2022 as the Russian troops were leaving the capital during a Ukrainian ambush. The Ukrainian ambush and Russia’s retreat from Kyiv follow Putin’s unsuccessful plan in the capital. Russia’s main objective in the capital would have been the occupation of the city, as well as the replacement of the Ukrainian President Zelensky with a pro-Russian figure. Following the unachieved objective, Putin’s new plan to defeat Russia seems to see the regroupment and intensification of Russian troops in the south west areas of Ukraine. Such plan appears to be confirmed by Russian troops now leaving the capital and an eight-mile long line of Russian tanks and armoured vehicles that appears to now approach south-east of Ukraine. READ MORE: EU savaged for shameless ‘spin’ as it gloats over Brexit move The intensification of Russian troops in the east of Ukraine would allow Russia to concentrate its efforts in those areas of the country and consequently unify the region of Donbas, now recognised as Russian, with Crimea, as suggested by military analysts such as US Major General James “Spider” Marks. Putin’s new plan in Ukraine would consequently allow Russia to create a division between the west side of Ukraine and the east, which would include the region of Donbas, Mariupol as well as Crimea. Such statements come after evidence of violations of international humanitarian laws by Russian troops in the city of Mariupol, now central in Putin’s new mission, as suggested by military analyst Mr Marks. In relation to Mariupol, President Zelensky has openly claimed that further evidence of acts of war crimes has emerged in the city. DON'T MISS: 'Take back control? That's a lie!' Boris savaged over fishing promises [WATCH] Brexit: EU rules to replace UK law in 'extremely concerning' blow [LISTEN] 'Boris has surrendered!' Fury as PM caves in fishing row with France [INSIGHT]  Besides the violations uncovered in Bucha, President Zelensky reported that mobile crematoria have been used in Mariupol by Russian troops to dispose of Ukrainian dead bodies as well as chemical weapons. In light of the allegations concerning Russia’s use of chemical weapons against Mariupol people, President Zelensky claimed that further investigations will be conducted to confirm the claims. Following the violations reported by President Zelensky, the head of the Donetsk regional military administration has today confirmed that the number of deaths in Mariupol could be as high as 22,000.   