Liverpool hero Jamie Carragher admits his former side “will have to improve” to get the result they want against Manchester City this weekend. The Reds travel to the Etihad Stadium on Sunday for a hotly-anticipated Premier League encounter, which could prove pivotal in deciding which of the sides will be crowned champions. Liverpool returned to Premier League action last weekend following the international break as they defeated Watford 2-0 at Anfield. That result came after Jurgen Klopp’s side had laboured to a 1-0 victory over Nottingham Forest in the FA Cup. And Carragher says he wants to see more from the side. “I think both Alisson and Virgil Van Dijk have been fantastic for the last couple of games, because during that time Liverpool have just been getting the job done,” the 44-year-old said. “I go back to the 6-0 win over Leeds [in February] - and that was a vintage Liverpool display. But it hasn’t been happening for the past couple of games. I think they will have to improve their performance level if they want to get the result that they want at Manchester City.” READ MORE: Man Utd hero Wayne Rooney backs Liverpool to beat Man City in crunch clash   Liverpool appeared to be out of the Premier League title race in January after falling a staggering 14 points behind Pep Guardiola’s side. But the Reds have won their last 10 top flight matches and now trail their rivals by just a single point. Since Christmas, City have been held to draws by Southampton and Crystal Palace as well as suffering defeat at the hands of Tottenham at the Etihad Stadium. And the title race could be set to go down to the wire. DON'T MISS...Man Utd flop Anthony Martial hits new low with Sevilla loanLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'happy' with Mohamed Salah contract talksGary Lineker raves over Barcelona starlet Pedri during Sevilla win      City still have to navigate tricky away trips at Wolves and West Ham before the end of the season, while Liverpool’s run-in sees them host Tottenham and Merseyside rivals Everton. The Premier League’s top two teams are also set to go head-to-head in an FA Cup semi-final later this month at Wembley. And both teams are vying for Champions League success as they have progressed to the quarter-finals of the competition. Klopp’s side face Benfica in the last eight, while the Citizens will come up against Atletico Madrid. So there will be plenty at stake for both sides over the coming months. City have won the Premier League three times in five years since Guardiola was appointed in 2016, whereas Liverpool have won the title just once. And both teams will be determined to taste success come May. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 