Mowing the lawn regularly also helps to suppress weeds and make the grass more hard-wearing. Over the winter months the lawn doesn’t need to be cut as often, if at all, due to the drop in temperature. However, with the warmer weather on its way, gardeners will be starting to cut their grass again, but how often is recommended? According to Gardeners’ World, mowing frequency, cutting heights and lawn mower maintenance are all important factors in keeping the lawn looking good. Gardeners' World noted: “The grass needs cutting less frequently in early spring as it grows more slowly at this time of year. “Cutting it fortnightly is fine until the weather warms up in late spring. “If you mow less frequently, you’ll break the one-third rule, as you’ll have to cut off more than one third of the grass’s height to keep it looking neat. READ MORE: Britain struggling to cope with transfer and storage of green energy “You may need to mow twice weekly when growth rate peaks in late spring.” To avoid ruining the grass, gardeners should aim to reduce the lawn height by only one third each time they mow. Gardeners’ World said mowing this way is the “key” in creating a healthy “luxuriant” look. Most lawn grass is best kept at 2.5 centimetres to four centimetres tall. DON'T MISS:'Cheap and gentle' laundry substitutes to use when doing laundry [COMMENT]‘Household drinks’ to use when watering the garden [EXPLAINER]Phil Spencer: ‘Concentrate’ on the ‘bare bones’ when viewing homes [EXPERT] In patches that get more wear and are heavily used, the gardening expert recommended leaving it a little longer, around five centimetres. The expert stated: “In shade, you could leave it still longer, at seven or eight centimetres. “Adjust the cutting height to suit the weather and season. “Raise the height of the blade a little at the start and end of the season. “If it’s hot and dry, raise the blade to let the grass grow longer. The extra moisture held in the longer foliage helps keep the grass green and shades the soil.” If the ground is wet when mowing, the grass and lawn mower could become damaged. Gardeners should avoid mowing in the mornings due to the risk of late frost occurring during April and some days in May. Gardeners’ World added: “If you cut when the ground is sodden, the mower will smear and rut the soil, and wet grass clippings will clump and smother the lawn below. “Mow when the grass and the soil beneath it is dry. “Avoid mowing newly sown patches of lawn until the grass is four centimetres tall, then cut them along with the rest of the lawn. “Mowing the lawn is an opportunity to get creative, with different heights and stripes. “For a traditional striped finish, choose a mower fitted with a roller. You could leave an area unmowed, a natural look that’s great for wildlife.” Trimming the edges of the lawn can make the garden look well-cared for. For a professional finish, Gardeners’ World said to re-cut the edges of the lawn each spring using a half moon tool and trim overhanging grass after mowing.