Marine Le Pen will face off against incumbent President Emmanuel Macron on April 24 after securing over 20 percent of the vote on Sunday. Ms Le Pen, the leader of the far-right Rassemblement National party, insisted she will strive to end the "disorder and injustice" she accused Mr Macron of bringing in during his presidency. During her first speech after early projections were released, the RN leader said: "I intend without waiting to sew back up the tears that a torn-apart France suffers from which now power has been able to do until now. "Fellow citizens, French citizens of mainland France and from Overseas Territories, the French people have spoken. "And it is with great honour I will stand in the second round and stand up against President Macron. "It is on behalf of million of voters who've expressed their trust in me that I will be able to speak on their behalf and I take on this task with a great sense of humility." She continued: "I have great hope as well that we will be able to bring this country back to a time of recovery. FOLLOW THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S FRENCH ELECTION 2022 LIVE BLOG "For years now, French people have had to be torn between two visions of the future – the one of disorder and injustice, one Macron has brought in. "He has sought to fight against something that is so fundamental in Europe, a Europe of individual nations and individual people." Ms Le Pen added: "It is with great joy that I have been able to see this respectful debate of the past few days, a debate that has enabled the French people, sovereign people, to decide on the future. "As part of this campaign, I chose to stay as outside of partisan politics [as possible], to say that I would be a president of all, a president of you. READ MORE: Marine Le Pen urged France to take on Britain over Brexit: 'We must raise our voice!' "And I will be a president of all should you decide to vote me as president of the French nation, no matter who those people voted for in the second round. "On April 24, it is not just a vote of circumstance, it is one where people will vote for society and civilization." All defeated presidential candidates in the first round called for their supporters to vote for Emmanuel Macron in the second round of the election shortly after the projections showing the En Marche! leader winning were released. Extreme-right candidate Eric Zemmour was the only exception as he called for his voters to back Marine Le Pen. DON'T MISS Donald Tusk sensationally compares Le Pen to Putin as he backs Macron [INSIGHT]'Arrogant and incapable' Macron's time in power savaged [ANALYSIS]Brigitte Macron raged at criticism of her 'untypical' marriage [INSIGHT] Speaking to supporters after failing to qualify for the runoff, the former journalist said he had differences with Le Pen but "I don't doubt who is the adversary. That's why I call on my supporters to vote for Marine Le Pen." Jean-Luc Melenchon, the defeated hard-left candidate, said: "We know for whom we will never vote. You must not give a voice to Madame Le Pen. "I know your anger but do not give yourselves over to errors that will be difficult to repair." Valerie Pecresse, from the conservative Les Républicains, commented: "I am deeply concerned for the future of our country, when the far-right has never been so close to winning. "Emmanuel Macron has played with fire and put France at great risk. "Marine Le Pen's plan would lead the country into discord, impotence and bankruptcy."