Lewis Hamilton is looking to redeem himself at this weekend's Australian Grand Prix after a difficult start to the season. The seven time champion secured a podium in the season opener in Bahrain, but was aided by both Red Bull cars retiring. He then endured a disappointing weekend in Saudi Arabia, being knocked out Q1 before only mustering a tenth place finish in the race. While Mercedes have struggled, Ferrari have emerged as the new pace-setters after two seasons of mediocrity. The Scuderia has historically been the home of the sport's best, but Hamilton addressed the fact he'd never driven for the team in an interview last September. He admitted driving for Ferrari is a "dream for anyone" and a "goal to be achieved". Hamilton told Sky Sports Italia: “For many years, when I came to Monza, walking next to the fans... I could hear them saying 'Come to Ferrari!' “This warmed my heart, but it's pretty amazing that I've never driven for Ferrari in so many years. Because it is a dream for anyone, a goal to be achieved.” On why he has never driven for the team, Hamilton added: “It has never really been possible and I will never quite know exactly why. "I wish them the best and in my near future I will continue to prevent them from winning the world championship. “I've seen photos of their drivers and red is always red. I have a couple of Ferraris at home. I can drive those, but not the Ferrari F1.” After the controversial end to last season, in which Max Verstappen won the world title on the last lap in Abu Dhabi, many feared Hamilton wouldn't return to F1. While the Briton is continuing to race, he has admitted recently that he is struggling emotionally. The 37 year old said last week: "It has been such a tough year already with everything that is happening around us. Hard some days to stay positive. "I have struggled mentally and emotionally for a long time, to keep going is a constant effort but we have to keep fighting. We have so much to do and to achieve." READ MORE: Red Bull may have even bigger advantage over Mercedes at Australian GP His comments came after the Saudi Arabia Grand Prix, which he said should never have taken place due to a nearby missile strike during Friday's practice. He said: "I just want to go home." "I am writing to tell you it is OK to feel the way you do, just know that you are not alone and that we are going to get through this. "A friend reminded me today, you are so powerful and you can do anything you put your mind to. We can do anything we put our mind to. "Let's remember to live in gratitude for another day to rise. Sending you love and light." It looks as though the struggles on circuit could continue, as Mercedes Team Principal Toto Wolff warns he has "no magic fix" for the team's lack of pace. He added: "We are in a learning race and the first two weekends have shown we still have plenty to learn. DON'T MISS Rosberg's comeback message resurfaces which could reignite rivalry [INSIGHT] Damon Hill refuses to write off Lewis Hamilton’s F1 title chances [ANALYSIS] Lewis Hamilton's hopes of Australian Grand Prix win rubbished by Wolff [INSIGHT] "At the moment, our track performance is not meeting our own expectations, but everyone at Brackley and Brixworth is focused on understanding the problems and finding the right solutions. "There won't be a magic fix for the next race weekend, but we're pushing to steadily bring gains over the upcoming races, to hopefully move us closer to the front of the pack. "Until then, we need to maximise each opportunity and make the most of the package we have. "So, there are various challenges ahead of us, but that's something we relish and is when a team really shows its true spirit. "Lewis and George are making an important contribution to the overall effort, providing feedback, spending time in the simulator and working together to help push us forward. "Now we head back to Melbourne for the first time since 2020 and will be racing in Australia for the first time in three years – that's too long for a city and country that are so passionate about F1. "We're looking forward to seeing the fans and the new track layout which promises more overtaking opportunities and faster lap times."