Chelsea's lacklustre performance against Real Madrid was seemingly mocked by the Barcelona squad as they watched together from afar, according to reports in Spain. The Blues now have a mountain to climb in order to make the last four as Los Blancos take a 3-1 lead back to the Bernabeu. Karim Benzema put on an exhibition, netting two brilliant first-half headers to send Real Madrid in 2-1 up at the break. He would then bag his hat-trick shortly after the interval, capitalising on a mix-up at the back involving Edouard Mendy and Antonio Rudiger. Yet this was an uncharacteristically bad defence performance in Europe from Chelsea, who followed up the 4-1 defeat to Brentford in a similar vain. According to AS, their performance baffled the Barcelona squad as they watched in Germany. READ MORE: Thomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea boss Xavi's men had been preparing for their Europa League quarter-final against Eintracht Frankfurt when they tuned into the contest. Having steamrollered Real Madrid 4-0 in El Clasico, they were not expecting their domestic rivals to run riot in west London. It's claimed the majority of the players repeated that this was a total "washout." There were also 'strange and conflicting' reactions from the Barca squad, who were expecting an even tie. READ MORE: PSG 'could sell Lionel Messi and Neymar to MLS this summer' in surprise transfer twistThomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea bossArsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer after consulting Benfica Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel surprisingly claimed after the game that he thought the tie was all but over. “If you want to use that phrase [if is the tie over], use it," he said post-match. "Now, I’m worried about Southampton. With this result, the tie is not alive. If we don’t have a good mentality, we won’t beat Southampton. "It is realistic to think that the tie is over. How many teams have come back like this?” Speaking ahead of the trip to Southampton, Tuchel revealed he's held a meeting with his players to discuss the team's past two results. He said: "It wasn't a discussion type of meeting yesterday. I gave my point of view that is sometimes necessary. "We take the players' view into account but we thought that after the last two games, it's necessary to give our point of view." Chelsea are currently third in the table, five points clear of Arsenal in fifth place.