Bandit arrived at the RSPCA’s Great Ayton Animal Centre in County Durham on April 10 2021. But there has been little interest in the eight-year-old lurcher and he will have spent a whole year in kennels on Sunday. Bandit was very nervous when he arrived at the centre, but now loves a fuss from staff and volunteers. Emma Cosby, from the RSPCA branch, said: “Bandit really struggled and didn’t even like to be touched. “It took us a lot of time and patience to gradually introduce him to different people and how to be handled positively but now he’s built some wonderful bonds with the team here. “He enjoys a fuss and loves to spend time out and about with our staff and volunteers. “He’s also a sociable boy and likes to go out for walks with his doggy friends but can still find the world and new people scary so needs an understanding owner who can give him the time and space he needs to settle and gain in confidence.” Bandit enjoys going for a run off the lead before going back to his bed for a snooze. He is looking for a home with no children and where he is the only pet as he can get anxious around bouncy, boisterous dogs. His perfect home would also have a quiet area where he can have his own space. READ MORE: Patient dog still waiting for forever home after almost 500 days He can still get anxious about being touched so needs understanding adopters to continue his progress. He has been muzzle trained and the RSPCA recommends he wears a muzzle in situations where he might feel uncomfortable such as visits to the vet. Ms Cosby said: “I just don’t understand why Bandit has received such little interest, it’s heartbreaking. “Bandit dreams of the days he will find his new cosy home. DON'T MISSRescue dog who watched 7 siblings get new homes still waiting Rescue dog who hid in kennel staring at wall now unrecognisableRescuers refusing to give up on dog already returned once “We understand that he’s nervous and he’ll need committed owners who are willing to come and meet him multiple times before taking him home. “But we fear that people are being put off of applying for him because of his muzzle and the misunderstanding around their use. “He has so much love to give and we’re pleading with anyone who has been thinking of getting a dog to please consider him and give him a chance.” Find out more about Bandit here.