Erik ten Hag has conceded he will find it difficult to walk away from Ajax after four-and-a-half years in Amsterdam - despite detailing his excitement at becoming Manchester United's next manager. The Dutchman has now been officially confirmed as the Red Devils' new boss after he successfully pipped Mauricio Pochettino to the hot seat after impressing John Murtough and Darren Fletcher at the interview stage.  Yet while one door opens, Ten Hag knows it will be hard to say goodbye to those he leaves behind at Ajax, where he has won two Eredivisie titles to date. His team remain on course to deliver a third providing they can maintain or extend their four-point gap on PSV Eindhoven, who beat them in the KNVB Cup final last Sunday. Ten Hag said: “It will be difficult to leave Ajax after these incredible years, and I can assure our fans of my complete commitment and focus on bringing this season to a successful conclusion before I move to Manchester United.” There are just five games to go of Ten Hag's Ajax tenure and he is now desperate to ensure he signs off in style despite last weekend's minor blip. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims  The 52-year-old was pressed for clarity of his future before the cup final in Rotterdam last week but he made it clear he was fully focused on winning the domestic double. Yet the defeat to PSV has only cranked up the pressure on Ten Hag's shoulders ahead of the run-in but there is now optimism all talk of United can be laid to rest given the appointment has been made official. “It is a great honour to be appointed manager of Manchester United and I am hugely excited by the challenge ahead," Ten Hag added. "I know the history of this great club and the passion of the fans, and I am absolutely determined to develop a team capable of delivering the success they deserve." DON'T MISSWest Ham star Nikola Vlasic in tears after Burnley's Ashley Westwood suffers horror injuryAjax chief lets slip on Erik ten Hag's Man Utd verbal agreement - 'We tried everything'Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims The 52-year-old was pressed for clarity on his future before the cup final in Rotterdam but he made it clear he was fully focused on winning the domestic double. Yet the defeat to PSV has only cranked up the pressure on Ten Hag's shoulders ahead of the run-in but there is now optimism all talk of United can be laid to rest given the appointment has been made official. “It is a great honour to be appointed manager of Manchester United and I am hugely excited by the challenge ahead," Ten Hag added. "I know the history of this great club and the passion of the fans, and I am absolutely determined to develop a team capable of delivering the success they deserve." Football director Murtough has already declared just how impressed he was by Ten Hag during his initial conversations with the Ajax manager. He said: “During the past four years at Ajax, Erik has proved himself to be one of the most exciting and successful coaches in Europe, renowned for his team’s attractive, attacking football and commitment to youth. “In our conversations with Erik leading up to this appointment, we were deeply impressed with his long-term vision for returning Manchester United to the level we want to be competing at, and his drive and determination to achieve that. “We wish Erik the best of luck as he focuses on achieving a successful end to the season at Ajax and look forward to welcoming him to Manchester United this summer.” Ten Hag has already been linked with a transfer swoop on his current club Ajax with Antony and defender Jurrien Timber among those said to be of interest. United are expected to hand the Dutchman a significant transfer budget to kickstart his rebuild at Old Trafford. It's been claimed that there could be up to £200million to spend - plus whatever the club recoups from player sales. The Red Devils are believed to have agreed that Ten Hag will have a say on the club's signings once he has started his new position.