Prince Harry earlier this month claimed he had wanted to make sure the Queen is "protected and has the right people around her" after visiting her for the first time in over a year. The Duke of Sussex, who has been living in California since March 2020, sparked a furious reaction from royal commentators questioning his intentions. Expert Roya Nikkhah suggested the Duke "probably knew the reaction that he was going to get" and sought to trigger the Royal Family. Speaking to True Royalty's The Royal Beat, Ms Nikkhah said: “Quite triggering probably for the rest of his family who are around the Queen all the time and who I am sure the Queen does confide in. "There is no doubting that Harry and his Granny have an incredibly special close relationship but to say to an American network - knowing that the comment is going to go round the world and come right back at your family - that the Queen tells Harry things that she feels she cannot tell any other member of her family who she sees much more regularly ... feels quite incendiary. "Harry probably knew the reaction that he was going to get.” In a sit down with NBC's Hoda Kotb ahead of the end of the Invictus Games two weeks ago, Prince Harry insisted he maintained a close relationship with the Queen despite stepping down. READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG He said: "Being with her, it was great. "It was just so nice to see her, you know, she's on great form, she's always got a great sense of humor with me and I'm making sure she's protected and got the right people around her." But despite expressing his delight at meeting with Her Majesty and being in the UK, Prince Harry insisted California is his home "for the time being." The Duke moved to Montecito after announcing he and Meghan Markle would no longer take on royal duties and instead set up independently from the Crown. READ MORE: Dr Shola savaged after claiming royal Caribbean tour ‘failed’ Expert Jonathan Sacerdoti said: "I think, I, like loads of people here in the UK, but also around the world, think it was absolutely ridiculous. "Imagine saying that you're looking after your grandmother and protecting her by not seeing her for two years. "I think it was actually quite a bizarre statement, even coming from the Duke and Duchess of Montecito." He added: "I think that, in reality, everyone sees that they're doing their own thing, which is fine, that's their choice in life. "They've made the decision and nobody can necessarily criticise them for wanting a bit of independence and freedom in that respect, I suppose plenty of us can criticise them for it. "But to then, go and say that actually this flying visit on his way to his appearance in The Netherlands at the Invictus Games, of course with his Netflix crew in tow, I think is honestly a strange thing to say." 