Julian Knight, chair of the influential Commons Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee, said Channel 4 had the potential to thrive and compete with US media giants but suggested the Government had decided to sell off Channel 4 as revenge for its Brexit coverage. He said Channel 4 would have "greater freedom to compete once privatised,” but added it is "crucial the government protects the prominence of all public service broadcasting". On Tuesday, he tweeted: “Now, elephant in the room time – is this being done for revenge for Channel 4's bias coverage of the likes of Brexit and personal attacks on the PM? “The timing of the announcement at 7pm, coinciding with Channel 4 news, was very telling…” Jeremy Hunt, the Former Health Secretary, has spoken out against the move, and reasoned to Sky News on Tuesday that "Channel 4 provides competition to the BBC". Conservative leader Ruth Davidson tweeted on Tuesday that it was “the opposite of levelling up”. Meanwhile, the Labour Party has accused the Government of “cultural vandalism”. On Monday evening, Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries tweeted that she wanted Channel 4 to remain “a cherished place in British life,” and concluded that the Government is “holding Channel 4 back from competing against streaming giants like Netflix and Amazon”. She added: “A change of ownership will give Channel 4 the tools and freedom to flourish and thrive as a public service broadcaster long into the future.” The Department for Digital, Culture, Media & Sport said in a statement the decision would allow the channel to "thrive in the face of a rapidly-changing media landscape" Channel 4 was set up in 1982 on the orders of then-Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, and despite being state-owned receives no public funding, with over 90 percent of revenue generated from adverts. The channel has developed a reputation for providing alternative media coverage and creative outlet for talented and upcoming film industries. Channel 4 said it was "disappointed" at the decision but would "continue to engage" with the Government on the process. Whitehall insiders expect the sale – estimated to be as much as £1billion – to be completed in spring 2024. So, what do YOU think? Is the privatisation of Channel 4 “revenge” for Brexit? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comment section below.