Dr Michael Mosley popularised the Keto diet, Fast 800 diet and most recently, Fast 800 Keto. One of the methods he swears by for rapid weight loss is intermittent fasting, or time restricted eating, which involves fasting for several hours per day. One group that benefits from the 5:2 diet, whereby participants eat 600-800 calories just two days of the week, is perimenopausal women. He stated: "There was additional research that I came across, using this approach of cutting your calories a couple days per week, and this is in perimenopausal women." This group of women suffers particularly with putting on weight because their hormones change. "What they found was when they went on the 5:2 diet, they lost more weight - particularly around the waist." READ MORE: Doctor recommends eating fermented foods during menopause  They also saw a "bigger improvement in what is called their insulin sensitivity", and reduced their risk of breast cancer. Dr Michael also promotes this method for weight loss because it worked for him. He stated: "Pretty well exactly 10 years ago, in 2012, I went for a blood test for something else and my GP rang me up to tell me I had Type 2 Diabetes, which was a nasty shock." Knowing that this was a "grim prognosis", which doubles an affected person's risk of heart disease, Dr Michael wanted to see if he could reverse this condition. This is how he came across "intermittent calorie restriction", according to leading expert Professor Mark Mattson. This weight loss method would involve Dr Michael cutting his calorie intake to 600-800 calories per day, a few days per week. "With his inspiration, I came up with something I like to call the 5:2 diet." He explained that by restricting calories for just two days of the week, and eating "healthy" the remaining five, dieters can lose fat fast. Another form of intermittent fasting is time restricted eating. In this diet, slimmers do not consciously alter their calorie intake but instead only eat during a certain window of the day. This may mean eating three meals between 9am and 6pm. The idea of time restricted eating was introduced by Professor Sachin Panda. Following this, Dr Michael lost 1.4stone (9kg) in just eight weeks. His blood sugar levels even went "back to normal". "I had effectively cured myself of Type 2 Diabetes, which they say is an incurable disease." While both the 5:2 diet and time restricted eating are tried and tested weight loss method, Dr Michael concluded that the 5:2 is more beneficial for weight loss. "But combining them can give you the best of both worlds," he told Liz Earle.