Moss can spring up on lawns unexpectedly, often due to soil compaction and excess thatch. Removing unwanted moss growth is essential for a healthy garden lawn, however, reaching for pesticide-based moss killers can do more harm than good. The Royal Horticultural Society advises against using chemical controls where possible. The RHS believes that "avoiding pests, diseases and weeds by good practice in cultivation methods, cultivar selection, garden hygiene and encouraging or introducing natural enemies, should be the first line of control". Luckily, there are some simple and "natural" methods of controlling moss in your garden, according to experts from Grove.co. Furthermore, you may already have the key to combatting unwanted moss tucked away in a kitchen cupboard at home. READ MORE: Garden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt Grove.co recommends using a mixture of distilled white vinegar or apple cider vinegar and water to treat unwanted moss. According to the experts: "Vinegar is cost-efficient and safely kills moss because it contains acetic acid. "Even a simple distilled white vinegar is effective." However, even when applying a natural weed killing substance, you should be sure to target only the affected area and avoid spritzing too much of your lawn or surrounding plants. DON'T MISS‘Indestructible’ garden plants which will ‘thrive’ on their own [REVEALED]‘Effective’ way to ‘avoid weed infestations’ in the garden [INSIGHT]David Domoney shares ‘key’ to growing ‘spectacular’ wisteria [COMMENT] To begin, combine one tablespoon of distilled white vinegar or apple cider vinegar with one gallon of cold water. Next, fill a spray bottle with the vinegar and water solution. Spritz the mixture directly onto the mossy patches, making sure to soak the area. Continue to apply the solution on a daily basis until the moss starts to die away. If the solution does not seem to be making any difference after a few days, try amending the mixture by adding more vinegar. Once the moss has been killed off, rake it up and dispose of it away from your lawn. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea There are a few reasons why unwanted moss may spring up on your garden lawn. If you do not regularly maintain your lawn, this can result in weak or thinning grass which is easy for moss to inhabit. The soil pH level may also have an impact on moss growth. If your soil is too acidic or too alkaline, it can become unhealthy, making a perfect moss habitat. Compacted soil can also become a haven for moss, as this makes it difficult for grass to grow. Over time, this can allow moss to take over the area. Regular aeration of lawn soil can help to counteract compacted soil and ward off moss.