Overwatch 2 beta is just hours away from launching, with fans of the Activision Blizzard smash hit shooter able to try it out for the first time soon. The Overwatch 2 beta is launching on Tuesday April 26 on PCs, with gamers able to sign up right now to be in with a chance of receiving a beta invite email. Before you head to the official Overwatch 2 beta website though there are a few things you need to know. Firstly, if you want to take part in this week's Overwatch 2 beta launch then you need to own a copy of the first game. Also, even if you sign up for the Overwatch 2 beta it doesn't mean you'll necessarily get a beta invite email. Invites will be sent to emails associated with Battle.net accounts, and the number of people invited to the Overwatch 2 beta will be based on Blizzard's testing needs. The official Overwatch Twitter account has confirmed the Overwatch 2 beta will begin at 11am pacific time / 2pm eastern / 7pm UK time on Tuesday April 26 which is when beta invites will begin to be sent out via email. If you want to sign up for the Overwatch 2 PvP beta then click here to head to the website you need to visit. Then, click on the 'sign up now' button on the page to put yourself forward to be a tester for the Overwatch 2 beta.   If you don't get sent a beta invite via email then you can always tune in to the Overwatch beta bash live stream on Twitch. This is taking place on Wednesday April 27 (11am pacific, 2pm eastern and 7pm UK start time) and you will be able to get beta access via Twitch drops. Blizzard explained: "Players can participate in our Twitch Drops program to earn Beta access by watching specific Overwatch 2 PvP Beta streams under the Overwatch category during defined time windows!" While speaking about the upcoming beta test, the Overwatch makers added: "Get ready for a fresh lineup of heroes, new maps to explore, a revolutionary 5v5 multiplayer experience, and more. Opt-in now for your chance to join the beta test on Battle.net."  The Overwatch makers went on to add: "A new age of heroes is just beginning. To help us put some polish on the new Overwatch, we’re inviting you to sign up for a series of closed beta tests. The first will begin on April 26th, giving you the chance to try out the massive amount of incoming content prior to launch." The upcoming beta will last for plenty of time, with eligible gamers able to try out the Overwatch 2 PvP through to May 17. While the first Overwatch 2 beta is for PC gamers only, PlayStation and Xbox gamers will be in with a chance of trying out future beta tests. Here else is what gamers can expect from the upcoming Overwatch 2 beta test... - 5v5 - New hero: Sojourn - OW1 maps + four new maps: Circuit Royal (new escort map), Midtown (new hybrid map), Toronto (new push map), Rome (new push map) - New Push mode - Hero reworks: Orisa, Doomfist, Bastion, Sombra, - Ping system 