Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp may have to come up with a new tactical plan when his side face will Benfica in the Champions League quarter-finals on Tuesday. Reports in Portugal have suggested their opposition have got the inside scoop on the Premier League side from Wolves ahead of the last-eight tie. In an attempt to get the lowdown on Liverpool before their Champions League, Benfica have reportedly used their relationship with Wolves to gain the inside track on the Merseyside outfit. A report from Portuguese outlet A Bola claimed that while no direct contact took place between Benfica coach Nelson Verissimo and Wolves manager Bruno Lage, their technical staff ‘exchanged information’ about the Reds. That would be no surprise, given Lage’s links to the Portuguese club. He managed them from January 2019 before resigning in June 2020 and Verissimo was part of his backroom team, with the pair maintaining a solid friendship. The information is said to include detailed analysis of Liverpool’s attacking and defensive movements, which could be key to helping Benfica prepare for what is likely to be a tough clash. READ MORE: Man Utd hero Wayne Rooney backs Liverpool to beat Man City for title  Data was collected by Wolves’ statistical department — thought to be one of the most skilled in the Premier League — before their 1-0 win at Molineux in December. The information contained different sections on positioning and dynamics, while there was also a detailed section on how Liverpool put together their attacking plans. This included separate notes on the habits of Trent Alexander-Arnold, Andy Robertson and how Liverpool alter their tactics when Thiago Alcantara plays.While such information will no doubt prove useful, there is no secret to the way Liverpool play. Klopp has rarely deviated from his blueprint of quick, direct movement on the ball and counter-pressing when out of possession. The German has described his style as “heavy metal football”, which has proved popular amongst the club’s supporters. The 54-year-old is also an advocate of the 4-3-3 formation, using fast wingers such as Mohamed, Sadio Mane and Diogo Jota in his frontline. More recently, he added £49m winger Luis Diaz to his squad after signing the Colombian in January. DON'T MISSLiverpool boss Klopp explains decision to drop in-form Diaz vs WatfordKlopp details Liverpool approach to title after Watford winLiverpool's empty threat to Barcelona could fall on deaf ears Klopp revealed that he had asked Diaz for a summary about Benfica’s team, having played against the Portuguese giants during his time at FC Porto. However, the language barrier intervened, with Diaz’s basic grasp of English meaning Klopp struggled to understand what he said. "He tried for ten minutes but I didn’t understand a word,” Klopp said in his pre-match press conference. "With Vitor Matos, Pep Lijnders and Diogo, we have enough experts in Portuguese football in our team. But we did analysis as normal anyway because we don't need any inside stories. And we had a meeting with the boys this morning so all the information and necessary information are shared and now we have to make sure we use them."