Prince Charles and Queen Letizia of Spain made a rare joint appearance earlier today to visit the Spanish Gallery at England’s Auckland Castle. The two royals were opening an art exhibition and upon arrival, the Prince of Wales greeted the Spanish Queen by kissing her on the cheek, before taking her hand and kissing that too. Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert Judi James about their interaction. The first gallery dedicated to the art, history and culture of Spain was opened today in the UK. Therefore, it was only right the British and Spanish royals appeared together to open it. Prince Charles arrived separately from Queen Letizia, and upon seeing her, he greeted her with a two-cheek kiss and a kiss on the hand. Judi said: “This is an incredibly intimate and meaningful-looking greeting ritual from Charles to Queen Letizia. READ MORE: Eugenie & Beatrice have contrasting marriages - body language “The ‘courtly hand kiss’ is a sporadic signature gesture for Charles, who famously used it on his own mother too, during his inauguration as Prince of Wales. “It’s an antique form of greeting that is seen as totally out of date in the modern world. “Hand-kissing might be seen as charming or gentlemanly but as a gesture, it will leave the woman feeling and looking awkward in these more liberated times.” She added: “Charles is clearly signalling deep fondness and respect for Letizia with this very tactile and affectionate display. DON'T MISS...Aldi shoppers ‘truly amazed’ with results of age-defying face cream [REACTION]Reason why Princess Mary of Denmark altered her engagement ring [STYLE]Weight loss: Apple cider vinegar can ‘improve metabolism’ [EXPERT] “This is a man who so rarely performs any PDAs at all with his wife apart from the odd smiling glance. “But he looks keen to show his hidden depths here, not just kissing her hand but raising it right up to his lips and bowing his head as well. “Letizia’s puckering lips suggest she might be more of an air-kiss greeting fan but Charles looks determined to charm here, albeit in a rather ‘past its sell-by date’ ritual.” Royal fans commented on the greeting on social media. John Smith tweeted: “Not sure she was expecting that.” Anita Wilkinson said: “She doesn't look too pleased.” Jessie Quinn posted several photographs of Prince Charles kissing Queen Elizabeth’s hand and noted: “[Prince Charles] Always greets the Queen like this. Traditionally a gesture of courtesy and extreme politeness.” This is not the first time Prince Charles has greeted Queen Letizia this way. Back in 2019, the two royals appered together in celebration of Spanish impressionist Joaquín Sorolla y Bastida's work at the National Gallery in London. The heir to the British throne raised the Spanish Queen’s hand to his lips when greeting her on this occasion too. Queen Letizia wore a burgandy dress for today’s appearance, and matching accessories.