In an interview on NBC's Today show, a US broadcaster, on Wednesday, the Duke of Sussex said that the monarch had been “on great form”, before adding that he had wanted to make sure she was protected. Ms Levin labelled the comments “gross”, claiming that they suggest Prince Harry believes “no one is able to look after her but him”. TalkTV host Julia Hartley-Brewer agreed with the royal biographer, adding that she thought the whole interview seemed “misjudged”.    Ms Levin told TalkTV: “I think it’s such a gross insult, not just on her majesty, who we can see is not in great shape, but he’s attacking the whole family I think. “And particularly, he’s attacking Prince Charles and Prince William because they’re the closest to them. “He’s also attacking all the doctors who’ve been looking after [the Queen] meticulously for the last couple of years. “He’s attacking all the aides. No one, it seems, is able to look after her but him, as if he knows how to do it.    She then accused the duke of “upsetting [the Queen] more than anyone else besides Prince Andrew”. She alleged that he has attacked the royal family on television, is attempting to sue her Government and has failed to be there for key moments, such as Prince Phillips memorial service. Prince Harry visited his grandmother at Windsor Castle last Thursday on his way to the Invictus Games in The Hague, Netherlands. Alongside wife Meghan Markle, the pair had tea with the monarch and enjoyed a “nice catch up”. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry may face Netflix nightmare as subscribers subside [REVEAL]   Recalling the event, Prince Harry said: “It was just so nice to see her. She was on great form. She always has a great sense of humour with me and I’m just making sure that she is protected. “I did make her laugh. Both Meg and I had tea with her so it was really nice to catch up. The duke went on to say that “home for me now, for the time being, is in the States”, praising how welcoming the community of Santa Barbara has been. The comments were published as part of a segment of a fuller interview to be aired in the US later. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry's life 'totally distorted' as he embraces celebrity [REVEAL]Harry's new interview's potential to drive him 'further' from Queen [INSIGHT] Prince Harry 'wrecked his life' with US move–‘heir and spare dynamic' [REPORT]  The allegations made by Ms Levin regarding Prince Harry missing out on “key moments” referred to his absence at Prince Phillips memorial on March 29. The royal biographer claimed that it was akin to the type of funeral the Queen’s late husband wanted to have, without social distancing measures and further coronavirus restrictions. Prince Harry attended his grandfather’s funeral on April 17, 2021, but did not make the trip from the USA for the memorial. Coverage of the event was dominated by Prince Andrew, who was permitted to walk the Queen down the aisle to her seat during the ceremony.   