  Helen Skelton, 38, shared an amusing quip about her “next pregnancy” via her Instagram story on Tuesday. The Countryfile star is already mum to three children.      Helen is currently enjoying time with her three-month-old baby girl, but the star has already made a reference to her “next pregnancy” on social media. In view of her 274,000 Instagram followers, she shared a meme via a pregnancy fitness brand to her own account. The post read: “Next pregnancy I've decided I want to be the dad.” The nature lover is married to England rugby league player Richie Myler, 31, with whom she shares three children.     The pair have so far welcomed sons Ernie, six, and Louis, four, as well as three-month-old baby girl Elsie. Helen’s story post came days after she shared an adorable pic with her newborn on Instagram on March 23. The former Blue Peter presenter posed with baby Elsie on her garden patio, which was covered in colourful chalk etchings. Her black Labrador, Spiderman, stood in the sunshine next to them as she snuggled her daughter, who was wearing a fluffy white babygrow with ears on the hood.      The presenter’s garden acted as a beautiful backdrop, featuring multiple grass lawns, trees and a stone archway. In the caption, she wrote: “Garden days are good days. “Grateful for patio chalks - the only thing the boys will spend more than five mins doing.” She then added the hashtags: "#spring, #freshair, #babygirl and #11weeks." READ MORE... Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'settles argument' over hospital scene [NEWS] Monty Don divides fans by unveiling big team behind his famous garden [NEWS]     Thousands of Helen’s followers left a 'like' on the post, including Countdown legend Carol Vorderman. Plenty of people also complimented Helen on the sweet snap, with Amanda Pollock writing: “Ahh gorgeous picture.” Rebecca added: “Gorgeous (heart emoji). These sunny days are the best!” Janet Jenkins commented: “Spent many hours chalking on our patio with my grandchildren… Now they are 24 and 20… Miss those days but blessed to have had them.”      “Yep same here! Garden chalks all the way!” added Jane. (sic) Karen Gowers penned: “Bless your heart, you are doing fantastic just by being with them and letting them grow up.” (sic) Helen co-presented BBC children’s programme Blue Peter from 2008 to 2013, before moving over to Countryfile in 2014. She also co-presented two series of the BBC One programme Holiday Hit Squad alongside Angela Rippon and Joe Crowley.  