The Ricketts family-led consortium has withdrawn its bid to buy Chelsea as the process enters its final stages. Many Blues fans had made it clear they were against the Chicago Cubs owners purchasing the football club and staged protests to showcase their disagreement. And now Tom and Laura Ricketts, partnered with United States billionaires Ken Griffin and Dan Gilbert, have decided not to submit a cash-only offer to purchase Chelsea from departing owner Roman Abramovich. New York merchant bank, the Raine Group, expected all final bids to be submitted on Thursday. However, the Ricketts failed to agree on the final composition of their offer with the other consortium members rather than with Chelsea or Raine bank. It comes as a surprise considering their funding model posed as one of their strongest selling points after coming forward with interest. In a short statement on Friday, the Ricketts family confirmed that 'after careful consideration', they wouldn't be submitting a bid to buy Chelsea. It read: "The Ricketts-Griffin-Gilbert group has decided, after careful consideration, not to submit a final bid for Chelsea FC. JUST IN: Burnley sack Sean Dyche after 10 years at the club  "In the process of finalising the proposal, it became increasingly clear that certain issues could not be addressed given the unusual dynamics around the sales process. We have great admiration for Chelsea and its fans and we wish the new owners well." Chelsea supporters stood against the bid after the emergence of controversial emails sent by Joe Ricketts in 2009. But the mass unhappiness amongst the fanbase isn't understood to have played a part in the family withdrawing their offer. READ MORE: Chelsea takeover: Sale deadline passes - What next with four bidders?  After Raine's Thursday deadline, LA Dodgers part-owner Todd Boehly, Boston Celtics co-owner Steve Pagliuca and Martin Broughton are the remaining bidders. But after Downing Street gained evidence of his links to Vladimir Putin, Abramovich won't profit from Chelsea's sale but has promised to write off the west London club's £1.5billion debt. Following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, the Russian-Israeli oligarch put the club up for sale on March 2 before being sanctioned by the United Kingdom and then the EU. Chelsea have been granted a special license to continue operations, saving hundreds of jobs. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.