Carlos Alcaraz has been congratulated by none other than Enrique Iglesias for his historic Miami Open win. The 18-year-old became the youngest man ever to lift the title in the tournament's history when he beat Casper Ruud 7-5 6-4 in Sunday's final, and Spanish singer Iglesias celebrated by sharing an old video of the young tennis player dancing. Alcaraz has cemented himself as a serious threat to any opponent on the ATP Tour even at his young age, defeating the likes of world No 5 Stefanos Tsitsipas and defending champion Hubert Hurkacz to win his maiden Masters 1000 title in Miami. The Spaniard has also become the youngest man ever to reach back-to-back semi-finals in Indian Wells and Miami, a year younger than the likes of Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic achieved the feat. The three-time title winner had long been heralded as one of the most exciting next generation players but has proved that he is already one of the strongest current stars, catching the attention of some of the most esteemed people from his home country after his Miami win, including the King of Spain. Alcaraz's idol and predecessor Nadal was also one of the first people to congratulate the teenager on his title win, and now one of Spain's most famous music exports has joined in to pile praise on the new world No 11. Iglesias shared a hilarious old video of Alcaraz dancing with one of his songs dubbed over the top, created by a tennis fanpage, to mark the occasion. "That feeling when you win your first Masters 1000 at 18 years old," the edited clip was captioned, as the singer simply wrote: "felicidades" ('congratulations' in Spanish), adding a champaign emoji and tagging Alcaraz. JUST IN: Kyrgios' U-turn on playing French Open for girlfriend to 'see Paris'  The video is from the 2021 Australian Open, when Alcaraz celebrated being released from his hotel quarantine ahead of competing in the qualifying event. He managed to qualify for the main draw, becoming the youngest man in the draw aged 17. It was his Grand Slam debut and he won his first match before falling to Mikael Ymer. It's a far cry from where the teenager is now - knocking on the door of the world's top 10 and admitting he feels he can win a Grand Slam title as early as this year. By the end of 2021, Alcaraz had reached the quarter-finals of the US Open by defeating the third seed Stefanos Tsitsipas en route and he's ready to go all the way this season, saying: "I am prepared, I am confident, I am also physically and mentally. Maybe it's not Roland Garros, but I can win a Grand Slam this year. And I'm not afraid to say it." DON'T MISSNorrie ends five-year wait as first British top 10 player since MurrayOsaka using Nadal videos to prepare for clay season after Miami runBouchard sends 'I feel you' message to Raducanu amid sponsor criticism  Alcaraz is yet to respond to Enrique's message but reposted Nadal's congratulations and wrote: "Muchas gracias!" He also opened up on receiving a phone call from the King of Spain, admitting it left him feeling "more nervous" than the final. "It's pretty amazing to get the call from the Spanish king. I was more nervous [for] that call than the match," he said. "It's pretty amazing that the Spanish king congratulates you on the hard work that you put every day and your win. It's something that you never thought you were going to receive, a Spanish king call. It's amazing."