The former Olympian joined Rosie Wright and Stephen Dixon on GB News to discuss the latest headlines with one touching on the use of ‘good girl’ in a sexual harassment case. The hosts wanted to know if Kriss and fellow guest Emma Woole thought calling women ‘girls’ was appropriate or harassment. The pair clashed as Kriss insisted it was no different to calling men ‘boys’ however Emma argued it was “patronising”. Rosie began: “Calling a woman ‘girl’ at work, appropriate or harassment?” “Deeply patronising I think,” Emma replied. “A judge has been saying language evolves and terms evolve and calling a woman ‘good girl’ - this is a sexual harassment case with a certain bank which I won’t mention - but calling a woman ‘good girl’, a woman in her thirties who has a child is really patronising. “It’s not just a harmless quip. Really, he is flagging up the way we refer to women, all people. “I’ve notice this, calling women ‘girl’ it’s just really patronising.” READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry She later added: “Even referring to women as ‘girls’ is patronising. Even referring to a blonde woman as a blonde, that kind of thing we maybe don’t realise…” Stephen cut in: “But some women do refer to themselves as girls,” with Kriss agreeing: “Exactly!” “We don’t refer to men as boys,” Emma claimed which led to the Olympian fuming: “We do! “We say boys, we say men, we say lads! We say come on boys! Come on gang, what’s up fellas!” Emma argued: “Women can refer to themselves as girls but this is what’s interesting, language is very slippery. “What’s okay for one group isn’t okay for another. What’s sort of inside a group and we know racial terms people can use in an in group but not in the outside but I think that’s why it’s interesting.” Kriss hit back: “It’s a minefield because like you said when you’re with your friends and you say stuff, I hands up I have called ladies ‘girls’.’Yo girls what’s up?’” Rosie chipped in: “But that’s also about tone and context.” DON'T MISS...Ben Shephard admits wife stopped him from missing GMB episode [LATEST]Richard Madeley called out by GMB fans for 'bullying' oil protestor [VIDEO]Richard Madeley blasts Archbishop of York 'What about retribution? [WATCH] “I do understand, I can just see how easy it is to fall foul of this sort of policing,” Kriss explained. “So, so easy.” As the discussion continued, Kriss acknowledged: “Language evolves and in three years time, that is a no no and this is a yeah. “In the end there is perception and there’s reality, there’s nuance in everything we do. We are on a slippery slope if we try to police language.” Emma added: “I think it’s tricky as you’re a girl through your 20s and 30s and 40s and suddenly you are an old woman and completely off the radar. Women have a tricky time of it.” Stephen called on viewers to get in touch with the show to give their thoughts on the language debate. Later in the show both he and Rosie read out responses with Bernard saying: “I would never call a woman ‘good girl’. “But I’m from the North East. Tend to call them flower or pet as in good morning flower and are you alright pet? “Is this going to be classed as offensive?” Reading out another comment from Amanda: “I’m 65 and I class myself as a mature or old girl. If someone commented ‘good girl’ to me I’d take it. I often call anyone of the opposite sex from four to 95 as boys or lads. Stop making such a fuss!” Breakfast airs on GB News from 6am daily.