The UK is in the midst of an energy crisis, with households across the country potentially seeing their bills increase by hundreds of pounds this year. In protest, citizens have banded together for what has been dubbed a by social media users as a "non-partisan action protest", the Big Power Switch Off, with the hashtag #BigPowerOff trending on Twitter in recent days. On Sunday, April 10, households were urged to safely turn off their electrical appliances and lights at 10pm. Organisers of the Big Power Switch Off have claimed that the 10-minute blackout causes a surge on the National Grid, which impacts the revenue of major energy companies. One Facebook post that has been widely shared explained: “The idea is that, if it won't put you at risk, you switch off all of your electrical appliances, lights, or switch off at the breakers for 10 minutes.  READ MORE: Big Power Switch Off: When will UK blackout take place? “This short power off will cause an imbalance on the national grid, where consumption becomes lower than predicted and therefore the electrical supply is too great." Participants hope the move will send a message to the Government that more needs to be done to tackle the cost of living in the UK. From April the energy price cap has increased by £693, meaning households up and down the country could struggle to pay to keep their homes warm. The energy price hike is one of many issues engulfed by the current cost of living crisis, as rising National Insurance and tax rates will also mean many feel the squeeze this year.  The Big Power Switch Off initiative has circulated widely online, and some are now suggesting it could become a more regular occurrence. The next Big Power Switch Off event will follow a similar setup to the previous, with people invited to turn off their electrical devices if it is safe to do so for a short period.  The next Big Power Switch Off event is due to take place this week, with the blackout scheduled for 7pm on Saturday April 16, 2022. Like the last event, the next Big Power Switch Off will last for 10 minutes, and organisers are hoping more people will take part this week. The second Big Power Switch Off event is already gaining a following online, with one social media user, @bethmarsh04, tweeting: "Looks like we’re going again!! Lets keep it up! #BigPowerOff #BigPowerOff2". DON'T MISS:China becomes latest victim to surging inflation [REPORT]Shell's fortunes hinge on turbulent oil prices [ANALYSIS]RAC shares 29 hacks for saving money on fuel and driving [INSIGHT]  While @collateral_dame wrote: "This is the next one! There seems to be a large amount of people who missed the first one or never knew about it who would’ve participated! So hopefully this one will have a bigger impact as it’s making more noise! #BigPowerOff." However, others have been more sceptical on social media about the impact switching off electrics for 10 minutes will have on energy companies. On Twitter, @simon_on_energy wrote: "Oh my. The amount of well-meaning misunderstanding about how the grid works on #BigPowerOff is... draining. "I admire their enthusiasm, and it might be a useful publicity/messaging vehicle. But it ain't gonna cause chaos." 