Liverpool star Mohamed Salah has clarified comments he appeared to make about Manchester United’s players following the Reds’ 4-0 hammering of their rivals on Tuesday night. Salah scored a brace in the Premier League fixture which saw Jurgen Klopp’s side go top of the division.  The Egyptian had not scored from open play in 12 appearances for club and country before United travelled to Anfield, but two wonderfully taken goals ended his longest drought in a Liverpool shirt. He collected Sadio Mane's excellent pass to slot past David De Gea for his first, and then clipped an effort over the Spaniard to complete the scoring late in the second half. Salah was interviewed by broadcasters after the game and appeared to criticise United's players for 'making it easy' for Liverpool. United's performance was widely condemned, including by former captain Gary Neville who was on commentary duty for Sky Sports. But Salah's post-match comments generated plenty of discussion. Salah was asked why Liverpool had dominated the rivalry between the two clubs this season, winning 5-0 at Old Trafford and 4-0 at Anfield. JUST IN: Tottenham 'pushing strongly' to sign Serie A pair "They make our life easier in the midfield and at the back," the 29-year-old responded. It initially appeared to be a criticism of the space the Red Devils allowed Liverpool in both fixtures. However, the forward, who now has 22 top-flight goals this season, has quashed claims that he was aiming a dig at Ralf Rangnick's side. He tweeted on Wednesday afternoon: "I meant our defence and midfield make it easy for us (attackers). I was not talking about the Manchester United players whom I respect." Salah will now concentrate on ensuring he finishes the season as the Premier League’s top scorer. The former Roma star is seven ahead of team-mate Diogo Jota despite his barren spell.  But he might also be considering his future at Anfield. Salah will enter the final year of his contract in the summer and is yet to agree an extension. Liverpool are desperate to tie down their star player to fresh terms but are unlikely to hand an astronomical deal to someone who will be 30 next season. Salah is widely reported to want around £400,000 per week. But in an interview a fortnight ago, Salah insisted that it would be ‘selfish’ of him to talk about his future while Liverpool are competing for an unprecedented quadruple of titles. Their win over United elevated them above Manchester City, although Pep Guardiola’s side can leapfrog the Reds if they beat Brighton on Wednesday. Salah helped his side win the EFL Cup in February and they can still win the FA Cup and Champions League. 