Many Ukrainians on social media had hailed the fabled figure as a "hero" after hearing stories about the previously unnamed pilot's bravery in the face of Russia's invasion. A selfie appearing to show the fighter pilot in a MiG jet was posted online in March by Ukraine's air force with a caption aimed at Russians which read: "Hello, occupier, I’m flying for your soul!"    Father of one, Major Stepan Tarabalka, 29, was killed when the MiG-29 he was flying was shot down on March 13 while fighting "overwhelming" enemy forces, according to local reports. Ukrainian sources confirmed the identity of the fighter pilot and his death on Friday.  With his identity previously kept secret there had been speculation his story was a myth designed to boost morale as Ukraine was bombarded by Russian bombs and missiles. Ukrainian sources remained adamant he did exist.  After his death, his parents gave an interview to NPR during which his mother, Nahtalia, described how he used to watch MiG jets swooping over his house and decided as a boy that his dream was to be a fighter pilot.She said via a translator: "He would always watch the paratroopers in their air exercises. And he would run in their direction to try to see where they landed. Since early childhood, he always dreamed of the sky, about flying higher than the clouds."  DON'T MISS: French firm behind UK passport delays and chaos to be reprimanded [REVEALED] Heartwarming moment rescue dogs meet owner's baby for the first time [REPORT] Royal Navy emergency declared over English Channel [LATEST]  After flight school, the pilot would fly over the village, tilting the wings of his his jet by way of salute. His mother said: "At any opportunity, he would fly close to our house, do a little aerobatic trick. And everyone in the village, every house and all the villages around would know that is Stepan flying."Major Tarabalka's father, Evon, was a construction worker. His parents spent much of the year in Portugal trying to earn a living. Evon said the Ukrainian military would not give them any details of his final flight or his death.He said: "We know he was flying on a mission. And he completed the mission, his task. Then he didn’t return. That’s all the information we have, really." Ukraine reports that Russia has lost 181 fixed wing aircraft, 2,258 armoured vehicles and 21,900 military personnel in the war, as of Thursday. Express.co.uk could not verify the figures. An aide to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said in a video posted online on Friday that while Ukraine has suffered serious losses in the war, Moscow's forces have lost many more soldiers. Mr Zelensky's office said on Friday Russian troops were pounding the entire front line in the eastern Donetsk region with rockets, artillery, mortar bombs and aircraft. The Ukrainian general staff also reported that Russia has been shelling positions along the line of contact to prevent the Ukrainians from regrouping. Britain's Ministry of Defence said on Friday that Moscow regards winning the Battle for Donbas as crucial if it is to achieve its stated aim of securing control over the Donetsk and Luhansk regions in the east. It said on Twitter: "Fighting has been particularly heavy around Lysychansk and Severodonetsk, with an attempted advance south from Izium towards Sloviansk." Meanwhile, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said the military alliance is ready to maintain support for Ukraine for years. He was speaking after the Kremlin warned that Western arms supplies to Ukraine, including heavy weapons, posed a threat to the security of the European continent and provoke instability. Mr Stoltenberg told a youth summit in Brussels: "We need to be prepared for the long term. There is absolutely the possibility that this war will drag on and last for months and years." 