A state pension petition which has now garnered over 8,000 signatures has called for the sum to rise to £380 per week. If this was actioned it would be in line with the National Living Wage at the equivalent of full time work for 40 hours per week. Posted on the official Parliament website, the petition asserts the current state pension is “not enough to live on” and “unacceptable”. It added: “Most pensioners live active lives and have to pay the same bills as others have to find money for but are expected to do it on less than half the income of those on the national living wage. “Level up and treat everyone the same, this is the right thing to do.” The state pension will rise this month by 3.1 percent, although inflation is has so far risen to 6.2 percent. READ MORE: State pension will increase this month - but ‘bumper rise’ due soon Consequently, many older people have hit back - agreeing with the recently posted petition. Express.co.uk readers were keen to make their opinions known regarding the state pension. Reader 2Cats said: “Pensioners have paid all our lives. We know there is no money tree, but to take money from pensioners to increase wages and hourly rates for other people is despicable. “My husband and I between the two of us, both our pensions are not as high as one living wage. “How are we meant to live. Why did we work all our lives? For what?” DON'T MISSBritons call for state pension to rise to £380 per week [LATEST]Pension savers could get free 100% savings boost - act now [INSIGHT]Man, 77, furious at his state pension being frozen for 12 years [VIDEO] CHiPs remarked: “Not a chance - The Tories can’t even honour their pledge with the triple lock.” Nosirrah added: “Government defines National Living Wage as the minimum needed. So how can they justify the pitiful pension?” While DelExp wrote: “My pension has gone up about £6 per week - less than my energy bill has gone up per day!” Not everyone agreed with all the sentiments expressed in the petition, and instead looked towards a compromise. Flintstone said: “I don’t know about living wage, but even the maximum new state pension is less than £10,000. Being minimum wage would be a massive improvement.” BillJackson added: “The state pension should increase but it should not go up to the living wage - it would be unaffordable. “I suggest it should be increased to 80 percent of the minimum pay rate. 80 percent because there is no NI to pay and no commuting costs. “There are also free prescriptions, the Winter Fuel Allowance and free bus travel.” However, others were less than convinced the state pension should increase by a substantial sum, dismissing the idea entirely. User TheTaxiLady said: “Oh, so all benefits should match this so called living wage then? Mad.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea While LIMEY57 wrote: “Absolute silly talk as two thirds of pensioners have private and/or property. The third in poverty can get means tested top ups. “We have more than enough and cannot put further debt on future generations due to our greed!” Bristolboy7 added: “Our generation was the first to benefit from free healthcare, free secondary education and free tertiary education - a privilege no longer available for our children and grandchildren. “We have little to complain about.” Previously responding to the petition, a DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “We are committed to ensuring that older people are able to live with the dignity and respect they deserve. “From April, the full yearly amount of the basic state pension will be over £2,300 higher than in 2010 and we continue to encourage those eligible for Pension Credit, and the wide range of other benefits it can provide, to make a claim.”