Manchester United stated they are “strengthening our engagement” with supporters in response to huge fan protests before their clash against Norwich City. United surged into fifth position after a spectacular hat-trick from Cristiano Ronaldo secured a dramatic 3-2 victory against the Canaries. Ronaldo secured his hat-trick and a vital three points with a sumptuous free-kick, after United’s two goal lead was cancelled out by goals from Kieran Dowell and Teemu Pukki. But while the former Juventus and Real Madrid’s heroics resuscitated the Red Devils’ top four hopes, the real talking point was the protests at the start of the game. Many supporters refused to enter the stadium for 17 whole minutes, to symbolise the 17 years since the Glazer’s ownership of the club began. The protests at Old Trafford proceeded another demonstration at United’s Carrington Training Ground base, which saw protesters breach security to unveil another ‘Glazers’ Out’ banner. Police were called to the training base to help disperse the demonstrators who had made their way to the front gates of the training ground. And in response to the scenes at Carrington and Old Trafford, an official spokesperson of the club has reached out to the fans. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “We are working hard to create the conditions for renewed success on the pitch, while strengthening our engagement with fans,” a spokesperson from the club said. “We respect the right of fans to voice their opinions peacefully and we will continue to listen to them with the aim of working together to get the club back to where we all want it to be: competing for trophies.” More than a thousand supporters are believed to have gathered outside Old Trafford before the clash against Norwich. As well as red flares being set off, United fans sang ‘Love United and Stay Outside’. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players While the majority of protesters did go into Old Trafford after the 17th minute, the protestations against the Glazers did not stop there. Chants of ‘stand up if you hate the Glazers’ prompted thousands of United fans to get off their seats in the second half. While those supporters did miss Ronaldo’s opening goal, they arrived in time to see him drag United into fifth position. Tottenham Hotspur’s 1-0 home defeat to Brighton and Hove Albion, coupled with Arsenal’s 1-0 away loss to Southampton has thrusted the Reds back into top four contention, having moved within three points of fourth placed Spurs. United fans were less-than impressed with Paul Pogba's performance, however, and booed the wantaway star as he came off the pitch. In response, Ralf Rangnick criticised supporters and told them not to take their frustrations out on individuals. "I didn't hear it myself but I was informed after the game," the interim head coach said. "I can fully understand the fans are frustrated, so are we, but I don't think they should take on individual players. I don't think that is right or correct."