Widely known as Bonehead, due to his very short haircuts, it was Arthur who joined Liam Gallagher in the early days of Oasis before the mancunian encouraged his brother Noel Gallagher to join the band too. Although never able to sing lead vocals like was originally planned, the musician played piano on many of the bands best-known hits including (What's the Story) Morning Glory?, before more recently joining Liam during his solo career. Due to their close relationship, it came as no surprise that Liam took to social media to wish Arthur well, following his cancer announcement. Breaking the news of his diagnosis, Arthur wrote: “Just to let you all know I'm going to be taking a break from playing for a while. "I've been diagnosed with tonsil cancer, but the good news is it's treatable and I'll be starting a course of treatment soon. "I'll keep you posted how it's going, I'm gutted I'm missing the gigs with Liam and the band. Have the best summer and enjoy the gigs if you're going, I'll see you soon xxx." And some 10 minutes later, Liam was one of the first well-wishers, tweeting; “Sending BIG love to the 1 n only Bonehead and his family wishing you a speedy recovery we’re all thinking of you rasta you’ll be back on stage bfore you can say r we doing Colombia LG x [sic].”  READ MORE: Eight Omicron symptoms affecting fully vaccinated - sneezing and fatigue are among them  Cancer Research UK explains that the main symptoms of tonsil cancer include the following: However, other possible symptoms that can occur include blood in the saliva, a new intolerance to eating or drinking citrus foods, a tonsil that is larger on one side and bad breath. Due to the main symptoms, especially a lump in the neck, being painless, individuals may not realise they have tonsil cancer. Even when seeking medical advice, doctors will need to do multiple tests including blood tests, X-rays and a biopsy before diagnosing the condition. Although symptoms might be tricky to spot, some individuals are more at risk of developing tonsil cancer due to specific lifestyle choices and previous infection. The main risk factors for developing this type of cancer include:  There are multiple different types of HPV, with tonsil cancer typically connected to type 16 - the most common high-risk type of the condition. Although most commonly associated with the development of invasive cervical cancer, only a small percentage of individuals with HPV develop tonsil cancer. It is due to the above risk factors, that individuals are advised to do the following in order to reduce their risk of developing the condition: Don't use tobacco. If you don't use tobacco, don't start. If you currently use tobacco of any kind, talk with your doctor about strategies to help you quit. Limit alcohol if you choose to drink. If you choose to drink alcohol, do so in moderation. For healthy adults, that means up to one drink a day for women and up to two drinks a day for men.  Get regular dental care. During your appointment, your dentist will check your mouth for signs of cancer and precancerous changes. Consider the HPV vaccine. Receiving a vaccination to prevent HPV infection may reduce your risk of HPV-related cancers, such as tonsil cancer. Ask your doctor whether an HPV vaccine is appropriate for you. For those diagnosed with tonsil cancer, treatment typically involves surgery, radiation therapy and or chemotherapy. An individual's treatment journey is based on the size and stage of their cancer. The goal of the main treatments - surgery and radiation therapy - is to remove as much cancer as possible and to kill remaining cancer cells. In certain situations, it may be necessary to make a large incision in the neck to remove larger cancers and cancers that have spread to the lymph nodes. In these cases, reconstructive surgery and rehabilitation may be needed to restore the individual's ability to eat, speak and swallow. 