Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen has received a message of support from Our Farm in the Dales presenter Matt Baker after sharing an update on her family farm. Taking to Instagram, the mother-of-nine, 47, revealed that there was one particular task at Ravenseat which was proving to be "hard work" at this time of year, before the former The One Show host reached out to her with a supportive message as he said that he was facing the same struggle. In view of her 505,000 followers, Amanda shared a series of snaps with her children and their sheep up in Ravenseat. She wrote: "Lambing outside is good when the weather is ok. "Hard work but ewe know it makes sense. She ended the post with hashtags: "#yorkshire #swaledale #spring #lamb". READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Danni Menzies causes stir with sultry bikini pic After spotting the post, Matt told how he was facing the same struggles on his farm. The star wrote: "Same this end Amanda! "Wishing you gentle evenings and calm mornings #shepherdsdelight," he added. Following Amanda's candid post, fans of the shepherdess took to the comments to weigh in on the snaps. Tinaannburlingham wrote: "Lovely photos enjoy following you and your family love how all the children muck in." However, others wanted to know whether the star and her brood would be returning to the small screen anytime soon. Instagram user mel.rimmer.7 wrote: "Are you doing another series of Our Yorkshire Farm Amanda xxx" colin.g60 added: "Come back to us on TV....you and your family are missed". DON'T MISS... Brooklyn Beckham's bride Nicola Peltz unveils new name after wedding [UPDATE]Rihanna to 'redefine what's considered decent for pregnant women' [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan 'struggling' on how Boris Johnson can survive after fine [ANALYSIS] This isn't the first time the Yorkshire shepherdess has spoken about the challenges she faces with newborn lambs. Earlier this month, Amanda shared her fears about the effect snow at Ravenseat could have on the new arrivals. Sharing her worries with her 193,000 Twitter followers, she began: "So yesterday it snowed a little bit and that was bad enough. ," she began. "Then it started to snow a lot more," she lamented. Adding a snowflake emoji, Amanda continued: "Shifted the yows that were closest to lambing into the barn. "The majority aren’t due for another week or so, so hoping that Spring will return quickly. #yorkshire #weather #snowing #snow #spring". She included photos of the dramatic scenery, which included sheep gazing around at the chilly, snow-covered surroundings. Our Yorkshire Farm is available to watch on My5.