According to the Metropolitan Police, a total of 470 crimes were recorded at Buckingham Palace, Kensington Palace, St James's Palace and Clarence House, either inside or immediately outside the grounds. between 2019 and 2021. The crimes included hundreds of thefts, alongside reports of arson and criminal damage, burglary, robbery, possession of weapons and violence against the person offences. Less than 1 percent of the crimes resulted in someone being charged, cautioned or fined. Out of the 470 offences, no suspect was identified in 404 while 34 crimes had evidential difficulties and five cases were deemed not in the public interest, according to data released under the Freedom of Information Act. Sixteen crimes were dealt with by community resolutions, which are used for low-level offences and can include a simple apology, an offer of compensation or a promise to clear up any criminal damage. Thefts comprised the largest portion of crimes at the Royal households, with 380 counts according to the data. Sky News, who obtained the data under a freedom of information request, also said there were 25 counts of ‘possession of weapons’, 17 ‘drug offences’, 15 counts respectively of ‘arson and criminal damage’ and ‘violence against the person’, and 8 ‘public order offences’. They reported the Met refused to provide some of the information for "national security" and "law enforcement" reasons. The police force would not say which crimes had been reported at each location, and whether the offences took place inside the grounds or immediately outside. In total, 383 crimes were recorded in 2019, before a sharp drop in offences during the coronavirus pandemic, with 64 crimes reported in 2020 and 23 in 2021. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry's secret plans for UK return - 'desperate' Dai Davies, former head of royal protection at Scotland Yard, said the number of crimes was "astonishing" and "frightening". The former chief superintendent told Sky News,: "If you can steal or cause incidents at or near the royals, what does that say about the current security? "If these offences have an impact on the personal safety of the royals, that would give me great concern." The Met Police said it had "responsibility for security in and around the royal palaces, but we will not comment on matters relating to security". A force spokesman told the broadcaster: "In common with other crowded locations, the majority of offences committed at or within the vicinity of the palaces were thefts. "Officers will always endeavour to pursue all viable and proportionate lines of enquiry." DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: Truss takes aim at 'butcher of Bucha' - new weapons sent ‘I don’t care what the EU does’ Brexit Britain savages bloc 'Arrogant' Macron showed true colours in debate The Met also defended its decision not to disclose certain information for "national security" and "law enforcement" reasons. In its Freedom of Information response, a spokesman said: "To disclose the requested information would allow interested criminal parties to gain an advantage and increased awareness of policing decisions used to safeguard national security. "All royal residences are considered sites of national interest. Any possible threat... would be considered a threat to the prime institution of the United Kingdom's constitutional arrangements and therefore a threat to national security. "Whilst there is a public interest in transparency of the use of policing resources and its effectiveness against the threat posed to the Royal Family and royal residences… there is a very strong public interest in safeguarding." It comes after Prince Harry voiced security fears about bringing his family from the US to the UK, saying he "does not feel safe" when visiting and offering to pay for police protection. In January, legal representatives said: “While [Prince Harry’s] role within the Institution has changed, his profile as a member of the Royal Family has not. Nor has the threat to him and his family.” In February 2022, an attorney for the Duke of Sussex made a statement to the High Court in London in a preliminary hearing to address the question of police protection for the Sussexes. Attorney Shaheed Fatima said at the Royal Courts of Justice on February 18: “This claim is about the fact that the claimant does not feel safe when he is in the UK given the security arrangements that were applied to him in June 2021 and will continue to be applied to him if he decides to come back. “And, of course, it should go without saying that he wants to come back: to see family and friends and to continue to support the charities that are so close to his heart. Most of all, this is, and always will be, his home."