Alfie Boe has opened up on the powerful moment he shared with fellow celebrities on Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof. The singer admitted they all became “emotional” during a breathing exercise on the BBC show. “I am pretty mad,” Alfie admitted, speaking to Michael Ball on his Radio 2 show. “It was amazing, that’s not a big enough word for it. There is something very unique and special about the cold therapy treatment. “It’s a very emotional thing, you can see on the programme that everybody is affected emotionally by it. “It seems to trigger things inside you that you want to bring out, you want to perfect or improve about yourself. READ MORE: Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore “It’s a powerful thing, that breathing technique that Wim Hof has created.” Michael asked: “Gabby [Logan] absolutely lost it, didn’t she, and you were very emotional?” Alfie replied: “She did, it was an incredible thing. It did go on for about 20-25 minutes, and your body is going through so many changes. “You’re going through so many temperatures, the sensation in your hands, feet and hand, it’s amazing the feeling you get just from taking a breath. “It was like breathing to the extreme, it was euphoric, it took me to a completely different place… I just felt alive, like I had this rush of energy flowing through me like crazy, like electricity. “It did bring up a lot of emotions for everybody, in lots of different ways,” he added. The BBC show sees celebrities take on epic adventures and battle freezing cold temperatures. Also taking part are Owain Wyn Evans, Dianne Buswell, Chelcee Grimes, Gabby Logan, Patrice Evra, Professor Green and Tamzin Outhwaite. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’Zoe Henry's gripe with husband Jeff Hordley's Cain Dingle - 'Fuming!'Johnny Depp says he was domestic violence victim amid text 'shame' Chatting to host Holly Willoughby, Alfie said he was working on improving himself, and taking on the gruelling challenge of the programme was part of that. “I am here to find something in myself that I may have lost after a while,” he said. “The last couple of years have been real tough. “I think the biggest challenges in life are not so much physical ones, they’re emotional and mental challenges.” He continued: “Recently, unfortunately my marriage came to an end. “I think this is an experience that I am going to value a lot to mentally stimulate myself and become a better person. “I want to become a better man and learn from the past.” Alfie had announced his split from wife Sarah in November 2021, after 16 years together. They share daughter Grace, 12, and son, Alfie, eight.