It is widely believed that Ukrainian civilians were killed by Russian troops in what President Volodymyr Zelensky has labelled a “genocide” when visiting the town. Mr Biden told reporters at the Fort McNair army post in Washington that he had been “criticised” for calling Putin a “war criminal” last month but that he had been right.  He said: “You may remember I got criticised for calling Putin a war criminal. “Well, the truth of the matter – we saw it happen in Bucha – he is a war criminal. “But we have to gather the information. We have to continue to provide Ukraine with the weapons they need to continue to fight, and we have to get all the detail [to] have a war crimes trial. “This guy is brutal and what’s happening in Bucha is outrageous.”   Mr Zelensky told reporters that “thousands” of people had been killed, including children, with women raped among reports of torture. The former comedian said: “You stand here today and see what happened. “We know thousands of people have been killed and tortured with extremities cut off; women raped, children killed.” However, the scale of the killings is unclear with Iryna Venediktova, Ukraine’s Chief Prosecutor, claiming that the bodies of 410 civilians had been recovered in the greater Kyiv area following the withdrawal of Russian troops. READ MORE: Putin feels 'cheated' by Ukraine over Minsk Agreements - expert claims  The mayor of Bucha Anatoly Fedoruk said surviving residents had to bury 280 corpses in mass graves as the cemeteries were under fire from Russian troops. It is expected that Western leaders will launch a fresh round of economic sanctions against Moscow in response to the atrocity. French President Emmanuel Macron called for “very clear measures” against Russia, including an embargo on Russian oil and coal amid the “clear evidence of war crimes” in Bucha. He said: “It was the Russian army that was there.  DON'T MISS:  French urged to turn off dishwashers as energy crisis deepens {REVEAL]100,000 MORE techies 'to leave' Russia in IT industry exodus [INSIGHT] Orban triumphs in Hungarian election after celebrating 'huge victory' [SPOTLIGHT] “We have told Ukrainian authorities that we were at their disposal to help with the investigation they’re carrying out. International justice must prevail.” On Monday, the Kremlin rejected all accusations related to the murders in Bucha, saying they should be treated with scepticism. Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov claimed Russian defence ministry experts had “identified signs of various fakes” and asked international leaders not to “rush to sweeping accusations and at least listen to our arguments”. He stated: “We categorically reject all allegations.” 