A P&O ferry became stranded in the Irish Sea on Tuesday following a "mechanical issue". The European Causeway, which can carry up to 410 passengers, became adrift around five miles off Larne Harbour after it “lost all power”, the RMT union said. The boat had been operating between Larne in Northern Ireland and Cairnryan in Scotland. It left Cairnryan at midday with an unknown number of passengers onboard. The ferry was due to arrive at Larne Harbour at 2pm but never arrived, prompting the RNLI to launch three lifeboats to attend the scene. It is understood that the boat lost power as it attempted to embark on its voyage. The coastguard later said power had been restored and the vessel was continuing its journey after spending hours adrift in the Irish Sea. P&O said that tugs had been deployed from Larne and Belfast to the vessel in the Irish Sea. The boat finally docked at Larne Harbour after spending hours adrift. P&O said the incident was caused by a mechanical issue that had been resolved. It said a full independent inspection would take place at Larne. A P&O spokesperson said: “Following a temporary mechanical issue, the European Causeway is now continuing on its scheduled journey to the Port of Larne under its own propulsion, with local tugs on standby, where it will discharge its passengers and cargo as planned.” It added: “There are no reported injuries onboard and all the relevant authorities have been informed. Once in dock a full independent investigation will be undertaken.” Shortly after, the coastguard said: “The European Causeway has restored power and is now heading into Larne under its own power following an earlier mechanical failure. “The various teams and vessels are continuing to support the vessel as they escort her to port.” The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) told the BBC that there were no concerns over the safety of passengers following the incident.  P&O has been in crisis in recent months after the firm sacked 800 of its workers across the UK without notice. The MCA has been inspecting the firm’s ships following safety concerns prompted by the controversial mass redundancy. The European Causeway was banned from sailing after it failed a safety inspection at the end of March, when a report found 31 safety failures on the ferry including an inability to safely deploy lifeboats and life rafts. The 22-year-old ferry was held in Larne by the MCA from March 25 after an inspection raised safety concerns. The MCA said it was concerned about “failures on crew familiarisation, vessel documentation and crew training”. The Maritime and Coastguard Agency only released the ship from detention on April 8 after a reinspection. There are reports that a number of crew on board European Causeway have refused to work on the vessel again following Tuesday's incident due to safety concerns. TalkTV’s political editor Kate McCann tweeted: “I understand a number of crew on board P&O's European Causeway, which lost power off Larne, are refusing to work on the vessel again because of concerns about safety. “They are worried that an inexperienced crew in the engine room made the problem worse.” P&O recruited new crew members for the vessel after the mass redundancy on March 17. The RMT union called the incident “deeply concerning, not least for the agency crew and passengers on board”. The government’s business misconduct watchdog has launched criminal and civil probes into the company after its move to replace 800 workers with cheaper agency staff. Prime Minister Boris Johnson called the mass redundancy “illegal” and Transport Secretary Grant Shapps has called for P&O boss Peter Hebblethwaite to resign following the scandal. Express.co.uk approached P&O Cruises for comment.