Speaking to BBC News, the Ukrainian President singled out Hungary and Germany who he argues are blocking efforts to embargo oil sales from Moscow. Mr Zelensky also emphasised the need for more arms sales from the West and the high civilian death toll of the conflict so far.  The President reiterated claims that Ukrainian citizens were being kidnapped and taken across the border to Russia in his moving interview. He said: “We don’t understand how you can make money out of blood. “Unfortunately, this is what some countries have been doing. European countries. “For example and I’d like us to be frank, for example the oil embargo is I think one of the key issues which we know has been blocked by Germany and Hungary among European countries.  “And we need to talk together with these countries on how it’s possible for there to be different attitudes to this issue of the oil embargo within the European Union.” “Some of our friends and partners understand that it is a different time now, that it is no longer an issue of business and money. That it is an issue of survival. “The United States, the United Kingdom, some European countries - they are trying to help and are helping. “But still we need it sooner, sooner and faster. The key word is now. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: British troops '100% ready' for escalation The former comedian continued: “We also have information that as well as those tens of thousands of dead, many have disappeared. “We know their documents have been replaced, they were given Russian passports and taken deep into Russia - some to camps, some to other cities. “No one knows what is happening to those people. No one knows how many have been killed.” Mr Zelensky added that the atrocities committed by Russian forces in the southern Ukrainian city of Mariupol as well as in the Kyiv suburb of Bucha had made the possibility of successful peace talks more difficult.  DON'T MISS:Putin given ‘another bloody nose’ [REVEAL] Putin declares war on US and NATO  [INSIGHT] It would backfire’ Ireland rejects EU states' call to join NATO [SPOTLIGHT]  He said: “Bucha is in the process of closing [the possibilities of peace talks]. It's not about me - it's about Russia. They will not have many more chances to speak with us. “They can destroy us, but we will answer; they can kill but they will also die. “I can't understand for what - I can't understand why they came.” 