Official EastEnders spoilers confirm Dotty (played by Milly Zero) will begin questioning her relationship once again after Vinny (Shiv Jalota) spooks her by stating how serious their romance is. After Bernie Taylor (Clair Norris) urges her to be honest with Vinny, Dotty might decide to stop stringing him along, but this will likely mean she has to move on from Walford - could she try to find her troublemaker mother? BBC spoilers confirm Dotty and Vinny face yet more strikes from Vinny's angry employees. The pair are taken aback as Bernie spearheads another protest against Vinny's unfair demands. When Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) finds out, Dotty does her best to get through to Bernie. However, with baby Roland on her mind, Bernie refuses to compromise. Vinny keeps trying to negotiate with Bernie to get her to return to work. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert fails to identify mystery soldier in portrait Later, he reinforces his relationship to Dotty, leaving her spooked by the gesture and Bernie picks up on her reaction. She warns Dotty she needs to be honest with Vinny and accept that she doesn’t love him. At the Panesar’s, Suki prepares for Kheerat Panesar’s (Jaz Deol) return but Vinny realises Dotty is off with him. When he asks what’s going on, Dotty shrugs it off. But how long will she be able to lie to Vinny? Vinny has liked Dotty for a while, but fans will remember she awkwardly rejected him last year when he believed they were a couple after they spend the night together. Vinny soon showed up at Dotty's after their night together and asked when they could go on a date. "I'm kind of doing this thing, sorry," Dotty replied, taken aback by Vinny's eager approach. He added: "I haven't had a chance to say thank you for yesterday." "Thank you?" Dotty repeated, confused. Vinny added: "Yeah, maybe that's the wrong word." He went on: "It was amazing, the whole thing, I've never been able to talk to someone like that before, and then everything else that happened. It felt special." DON'T MISS... Dan Stevens stuns BBC's One Show with Boris rant 'Idiots!' [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Ben Mitchell in dark serial killing plot [THEORY]Former The Apprentice star speaks out on 'misery' of leaving show [EXCLSUIVE] Taking her hand, he continued: "I'm just glad we're on the same page and we feel the same way about each other." Dotty eventually said: "Look, Vinny, we shouldn't have slept together. "You're grieving, it wasn't right. I love spending time with you as a friend, but maybe we shouldn't have blurred the boundaries." Vinny was heartbroken, but months later was quick to help Dotty when she found herself with nowhere to stay. As they got closer again, Vinny asked Dotty to be his girlfriend and she agreed, but it seems she has been playing with his feelings in order to have a roof over her head. Although she has been helping Vinny and defending him when Suki doubts him, it's clear Dotty isn't in love with Vinny. As things begin to progress in Vinny's mind and Dotty finds herself feeling uncomfortable, it's possible she might break Vinny's heart once again. Unable to hide the truth, Vinny might demand to know what is going on, and Dotty may once again have to hand out a brutal rejection to her friend. A devastated Vinny might kick Dotty out of the house, meaning she'll have nowhere to stay. Because of her schemes, Dotty doesn't have many friends in Albert Square, so might be forced to make an exit. Will she go out in search of her wayward mother? Dotty tried to help her overcome her drug addiction, but she threw it back in her face and left on Christmas Day. With even more enemies in Walford though, Dotty's mother might be her only hope. Could the club owner end up making a permanent exit from Walford after leaving Vinny humiliated? EastEnders continues on Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One.