Alphonso Davies cannot believe that Harry Maguire is Manchester United's captain ahead of Cristiano Ronaldo, as the Bayern Munich defender questioned the decision to his followers. The Canadian could not hide his confusion as he blasted United for not giving the five-time Ballon d'Or winner the armband. Bayern Munich star Alphonso Davies has slammed Harry Maguire as he suggested that Cristiano Ronaldo should be Manchester United's captain instead.Maguire has come under increasing criticism this season as the £80million defender struggles for form, and now Davies has come out and blasted United's decision to stick with him as captain. The Canadian feels as though Ronaldo should instead be wearing the armband as "he is one of the greatest ever".Despite a difficult season at the back for United, interim boss Ralf Rangnick has stuck with Maguire as captain, although it remains a constant topic of conversation. But Davies can't understand why Ronaldo hasn't been made the United skipper, in a comical outburst to his followers. JUST IN: Three Man Utd players Leeds might accept in Kalvin Phillips swap deal The Canadian defender has spent three months away from football after being diagnosed with a minor heart condition following a COVID-19 infection, but has been live streaming games to his fans online. And it was during a FIFA 22 live that Davies let out his confusion over United's captain situation.Davies started off by asking: "Can you guys imagine? CAN YOU GUYS IMAGINE…?" The Canadian then turned down his background music and continued: "You are Ronaldo… One of the greatest players ever. And what’s his name is your captain? Harry Maguire is your captain?"And you refer to him as 'yes cap'. I don’t know what he says to him… Bro. I’m not dissing Harry Maguire but Ronaldo… Ronaldo should get the armband man."  It's quite a different situation for Davies, who is enjoying life in a dominant Bayern side captained by legendary goalkeeper Manuel Neuer. But he is one of the first high profile players to speak out on Maguire's position as United captain.Although claiming not to 'diss' Maguire, it's certainly a disrespectful comment, although Davies had the intention of admiring Ronaldo rather than putting the English defender down. But the Canadian is clearly not a fan of Maguire's recent performances judging by his opinion.Davies made a return to the Bayern line-up as they lost 1-0 to Villarreal in the first-leg of their Champions League quarter-final. The defender last played a competitive game for the German side in December 2021 after undergoing treatment for his heart condition. Bayern manager Julian Nagelsmann said ahead of their Champions League defeat: "He will be coming with us. His last test was very positive." There was growing concern over the future of Davies' career after Christian Eriksen also suffered heart issues last year, but thankfully the pair have both returned to action.The Bundesliga champions may have lost their first-leg to Villarreal, but this didn't come as a shock to Nagelsmann who was aware of the threat that Unai Emery's side carried. Nagelsmann said: "Villarreal have a coach with a lot of experience at winning on the international stage. The team are very experienced and we will need to figure out how to break them down."Ultimately in the first-leg, they couldn't. And now Bayern will have to overturn the tie at home if they are to book their place in the semi-finals of the competition. Whoever progresses will face either Liverpool or Benfica in the next round. But it's likely that Liverpool will be booking their place in the final four after they beat Benfica 3-1 away in Lisbon on Tuesday night, with Luis Diaz leaving his former rivals feeling blue with a late goal to restore their two-goal advantage. First-half goals from Ibrahima Konate and Sadio Mane had initially put Liverpool in cruise control.Benfica did pull one back as Darwin Nunez capitalised on Konate's mistake, but, although Diaz made their trip to Anfield even tougher late on, they had their goalkeeper to thank for keeping the scoreline respectable. Liverpool will be confident of progressing, but Bayern may be feeling the pressure on Tuesday.Manchester United were knocked out of the competition in the round of 16 as they lost to Atletico Madrid, and they are at risk of missing out on the Champions League next year as they are three points off the final top four spot. The perfect way for Maguire to respond to his recent criticism is to lead the Red Devils to an unlikely finish, but it remains to be seen whether United can pull out the miraculous turnaround with less than 10 games remaining.