The French presidential hopeful has long been on good terms with Putin, however, she has pledged her support for Ukraine in the war as she is a “supporter of national sovereignty”. She has called suggestions she is in league with Moscow a “particularly unfair trial” and insists she has always “defended France’s interests”.  Ms Le Pen is set to go head to head with incumbent President Macron in the French election on Sunday April 24 and has outlined her plans for Russia if she is successful. She said in a radio interview: “It will be necessary diplomatically, when the war [in Ukraine] is over, when a peace treaty has been signed, to try to avoid this tie-up which risks being the largest danger of the 21st century for us. “Imagine …if we let the first producer of raw materials in the world - which is Russia - [create an alliance] with the first factory of the world - which is China - to let them perhaps constitute the first military power of the world. “I believe that it’s potentially a great danger.”  The far-right candidate has made a number of statements defending Russia’s militarisation, as she claimed “Crimea was never invaded” and said the 2014 invasion was a “radically different situation”, reported Politico. According to Euronews, in early February this year, she stated in another interview: “I do not believe at all that Russia wishes to invade Ukraine.” Her party the National Rally has also reportedly received €11 million (£9.1 million) in funding from the Russians.  READ MORE: Ukraine begins counterattacks to protect Eastern flank In Ms Le Pen’s manifesto she discusses the need to incorporate Moscow into Europe’s defence strategy. It states: “An alliance will be sought with Russia on some essential topics: European security which can't exist without her, the struggle against terrorism which she has assured with more consistency than all other powers, the convergence of the treatment of big regional dossiers affecting France (eastern Mediterranean, North and central Africa, the Gulf/Middle East and Asia in particular).” Since the Russian invasion of Ukraine, she has acknowledged possible “war crimes” in Zelensky’s country but has stopped short of calling Putin a “war criminal”, as she said “you don’t negotiate peace by insulting one of the two parties”.  DON'T MISS:Russia boasts of forces destroying EU and US weapons in Ukraine [LATEST]Terrifying moment woman almost blown up by Russian missile - VIDEO [WATCH]Prince Harry praises Invictus Games Ukraine team as 4 members killed [REVEAL] President Macron is currently leading over Ms Le Pen as the election race enters its final week. All 16 polls carried out since the April 10 first-round vote have put the incumbent President ahead by seven to 12 percentage points, reported The Guardian. The pair will face each other in a TV debate on Wednesday, with Ms Le Pen claiming she is feeling “better prepared” than she was for the debate at this stage of the election in 2017, which she lost by a landslide. 