In an attempt to make his local area safer for other motorists - and for his four-year-old daughter Orla - Rob Adcock kitted out a van to make it look like it housed a speed camera. Mr Adcock, who described the road as "an accident waiting to happen", designed a large poster to stick to the back of the van which says: "Speed camera". Beneath, in small print, the poster then explains the van's real identity. He also kitted out the van with reflective striped stickers, before putting on a high-vis jacket and watching motorists for an hour and a half. In a video posted to Tik Tok, which has so far gained more than 899,000 views, the father-of-one showed the van's effect on local traffic. Vehicles can be seen driving quickly down the hill in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, before braking when they pass Mr Adcock's van. In the video, he said: "I made a fake speed camera van to make k***heads slow down where I live. "So I live on this road and it's meant to be a 30 but there's always some muppet like this d*** here flying past." The video then cuts to an image of a crashed car in his front garden. Mr Adcock explained that a speeding driver had once lost control of their vehicle and ended up on his property. The video also shows his daughter, Orla, shouting at passing cars: "Slow down! It's 30 for a reason!" Speaking about his experiment, Mr Adcock said: "Whenever Orla asks to go on a walk or to the wood, you’re thinking at the back of your mind, 'What am I going to do if a car comes flying down the hill?' "If you have children, just think what it must be like when they ask you to go to the park. You’re thinking: 'Are they going to get there in one piece?!' DON'T MISS: Tim Martin wants to turn Buckingham Palace into Wetherspoons [REVEAL] Alex Salmond ordered to remove massive Yes sign from garden by council [REPORT] Laser speed camera issues tickets without pulling driver over [INSIGHT] "You’re thinking: 'Are they going to get there in one piece?!' "Staffordshire Moorlands District Council have done things to try and slow the road down but the people who live around here want there to be more done. "They’ve been campaigning to get further traffic calming measures for a while now. Let’s hope this helps. "There are two large schools at the bottom of the hill and quite a few blind bends "There isn’t a proper crossing yet. "When you drive along you see the kids and you think it’s an accident waiting to happen." Speaking to the MailOnline, he added: "The way I see it as long as it keeps people safe I can cope with people calling me a d***." A Staffordshire Police spokesman said: "From the information provided, we do not believe that any offences have been committed and no additional reports have been submitted by members of the public. "The force, as part of the Staffordshire Safer Roads Partnership, welcomes and encourages feedback from communities in relation to matters surrounding road safety. "Local officers are working to reach out to the resident to discuss his concerns." 