Carlos Alcaraz is ready to build on his Miami Open triumph and prove himself against the best in the world at the Monte Carlo Masters. The 18-year-old could face Novak Djokovic for the first time in his career if both players make it to the quarter-final stage this week, and the tour's most recent Masters 1000 champion says he's up for the "challenge" of taking on the world No 1. Djokovic is playing just his second tournament of the year in Monte Carlo after his unvaccinated status kept him out of the Australian Open, Indian Wells and Miami. His only showing this season has been a quarter-final loss to qualifier Jiri Vesely at the Dubai Championships and he now faces Alejandro Davidovich Fokina in his first match at the Monte Carlo Masters, having been given a bye to the second round. Win his opening two matches and the two-time former champion could face the most recent Masters 1000 champion in the quarter-final stage, Alcaraz. The world No 11 has been the talk of the tennis world since becoming the youngest man ever to lift the Miami Open champion two weeks ago and has already been tipped to surpass Djokovic and his fellow Big Three members to become the "best ever". The 18-year-old must also make it past his first two matches, opening with a clash against dangerous American Sebastian Korda, to set up a quarter-final showdown against the top seed, and has been talking up the potential clash after seeing the draw. “I hope to face Djokovic in the quarter-finals,” the young Spaniard said ahead of the tournament. JUST IN: Federer sends fans into meltdown as tennis star provides injury update  Alcaraz, who has faced Djokovic's rival Nadal previously and lost both encounters including the recent Indian Wells semi-final, spoke about the task of facing the world No 1 for the first time. "Sometimes it’s difficult but I am trying to make it easy," he continued. "The first time of everything to do my best and trying to manage the nerves of the first time well.” Despite touching on some potential nerves, it seems the teenager is gunning for a chance to test himself against the 20-time Major champion as he added: "It would be amazing to play against him, it would be a great challenge for me." DON'T MISSDjokovic returns from 'challenging' time as ATP slams Kyrgios tiradesATP putting players 'in a cage' as Kyrgios point made amid crackdownNadal's team offer Barcelona hope amid claims Spaniard will miss event  Meanwhile, Djokovic has admitted it has been a "challenging" period watching his competitors continue to play on the tour in his absence and was eager to prove himself against some of the new top young players, including the likes of Alcaraz. "I miss competition," he said ahead of his campaign to extend his record of Masters 1000 titles to 38. "I still feel motivation to be on the tour and compete with young guys and try to challenge for the biggest titles. The last four to five months have been really challenging for me mentally and emotionally, but I will try to leave all of that behind and move on."