With Wales seeing around £5bn annually, claims by the Welsh Government state the so-called tourism tax would raise revenue for local authorities enabling them to manage services and infrastructure to make tourism a success. The Welsh Government’s Programme for Government, and the Cooperation Agreement between the Welsh Government and Plaid Cymru, both contain commitments to introduce levies.  Formal consultation on draft legislative proposals for a visitor levy will launch in the autumn, providing a platform for a range of views to be considered. Shunning criticism the tax is targeting English tourists, Leigh Jones said: “Claims that a new 'tourist tax' levied in Wales is anti-English are almost so absurd as to not be worth addressing. “As well as visitors from abroad, the tax would of course be paid by Welsh people visiting other areas of their own country - and they would be happy to pay it.” Mr Jones added: “If English commentators are concerned that a Welsh tourist tax unfairly targets them, and them alone, perhaps it says a lot about their own conscience and the value that they currently extract from Welsh communities for free.”  The writer also pointed out other European destinations applying the same tax. He said: “In Germany a tourist tax is raised in more than twenty cities, where it is known as Kulturförderabgabe, which translates as “Culture Funding Tax.” Speaking of why such a tax is good idea, Mr Jones said: “As a private entrepreneur, I can set up a candy floss stand on the end of the pier, or I can let out a holiday home in a tourist area, and I can set the price and personally profit from the market forces and consumers that the area attracts. “Why shouldn’t a town or local government benefit from the temporary increase in population the same way a private enterprise can? “After all, there’s an added burden on local resources without the town being compensated.”  READ MORE:‘Review your tax code’ Britons could end up paying more tax to HMRC Speaking of one particular town, Tenby, Mr Jones added: “For two months of each year, Tenby’s town centre is completely pedestrianised. “It is a concession made for the benefit of the tourists who enjoy the town’s unique charms - but what do the locals get from it besides restrictions on the way they do things when tourists aren’t the majority of the town’s population?” According to the Welsh Government, the tax would emulate those of other European towns and cities with similar systems in place.  DON'T MISS:Dog attack horror: Mother shares images of son [REPORT]Furious anti-vax mob BLOCKS entrance to Parliament [REVEAL]Scholz allies demand Chancellor send tanks to 'defenceless' Ukraine [INSIGHT] Rebecca Evans, Minister for Finance and Local Government said: “Visitor levies are a common feature in tourist destinations internationally. “They are an opportunity for visitors to make an investment in local infrastructure and services, which in turn make tourism a success. “Without such a levy, local communities face an undue burden to fund local services and provisions on which tourists rely. “The introduction and subsequent use of such a levy would enable destinations in Wales to be enjoyed for generations to come and encourage a more sustainable approach to tourism. The levy would be proportionate by design, and powers to raise the levy would be discretionary for local authorities. “This would enable decisions to be taken locally, according to the needs of our communities. “The levy will apply to those paying to stay overnight within a local authority area.”  Adding to this, Designated Member Cefin Campbell MS said: “Giving local people the power to introduce a tourism levy will make a difference to communities across the country, many of which attract a significant number of tourists. “It will give local people and their representatives more power and resources to invest and deliver in their areas. “This measure will help support a sustainable rather than an extractive tourism sector, which will help bring the greatest benefit to communities and the local economy. “Such levies – often known as tourism taxes – are commonplace in countries across Europe and beyond. “This is about mutual respect between our communities and the visitors they welcome. “It is a new policy which is the fruit of a Welsh co-operative spirit.” 