Lewis Hamilton has warned he has a new tool on his car for this weekend in a bid to help Mercedes solve their car issues. He explained the device would make his car “a little bit heavier” but would help the team “gain more information”. It is possible the extra weight could compromise Hamilton's race result on Sunday for the benefit of long-term gain. After Australia there is a two-week gap where teams could work on their cars ahead of the first European race in Imola. Hamilton said: “He and I had slightly different cars as we are trying all different things. I’ve got something on my car which makes the car a little bit heavier. Hopefully it will enable the team to gain more information from the race tomorrow so I hope from that we can start to make some progress.” Despite the extra tool, Hamilton was still able to put his car fifth on the grid for tomorrow’s Australian Grand Prix. Hamilton’s team-mate George Russell will line up directly behind after setting a lap one-tenth slower in an action-packed session. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton compares Mercedes car to a 'rattlesnake' Hamilton and Verstappen’s on track rivalry was briefly resumed with the seven-time champion moaning at the Dutchman for blocking him in Q2. The session was also interrupted with two red flags after crashes across two sessions. Nicholas Latifi and Lance Stroll came together towards the end of Q1 in a misunderstanding between the drivers. Fernando Alonso may have been able to unseat Mercedes from 5th and 6th but crashed at the start of Q3 at the tricky turn 11. Mercedes has seen a somewhat resurgence on Saturday after a dismal Friday in Melbourne. Both drivers finished outside the top 10 in FP2 while several midfield teams such as Alpine and McLaren were faster. However, the Silver Arrows corrected it in qualifying to ensure they are still the third-fastest car on the grid. DON'T MISSLando Norris mocks George Russell with Mercedes star 'annoyed' at F1 [INSIGHT]George Russell moans on team radio at Lewis Hamilton 'going very slow' [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton complains about Max Verstappen over team radio [PICS] After the session, Hamilton’s team-mate Russell claimed the car was difficult to drive. He added: “It was a hustle out there. I mean it is tricky out there, we were aggressive with the set-up and 13 out of the 14 corners are pretty fast. Approaching that high-speed corner, I think I was four-tenths slower than Norris. "It is tricky, we are trying to figure out the best compromise. It is teams like McLaren and Red Bull who don't have any porpoising, that is where we want to be."