The contract saga between Liverpool and Mohamed Salah trudges on, as the Egyptian is still yet to re-sign for the club. But Liverpool legends Ian Rush and John Barnes have both agreed on Salah's future at Anfield. Liverpool legends Ian Rush and John Barnes have both expressed their desire for Mohamed Salah to stay at the club, following his recent contract saga at Anfield.The Egyptian is out of contract at the end of next season, and so far no agreement has been reached over a new deal for Salah. The Liverpool winger has already said that he would love to stay at the club for the remainder of his career, but is demanding a contract that matches his profile as one of the best players in the world.Liverpool fans are hoping that a deal gets agreed soon, as Salah could begin negotiating with foreign clubs during the second half of next season if talks do not progress. And both Rush and Barnes have agreed that they would love to see Salah stay at Liverpool, beyond 2023 when his current deal expires. READ MORE: Liverpool 'considering two more signings' after completing Fabio Carvalho transfer Rush revealed exclusively to Express Sport via Gambling.com that he is close with Salah, and has urged him to re-sign and beat his all-time Liverpool goal scoring record. Rush said: "I'm good friends with Mo and I always say to him that I'd love him to stay and try and beat my record. Records are there to be beaten, and it's a great target for him."I'm proud of my record, and when I beat Roger Hunt's record I was proud because I deserved it. But I'd love Mo Salah to stay, and if it is four or five years then I say 'go on, try and beat my record'."It's difficult to say because I didn't have many bad injuries, I was quite lucky and I think Mo doesn't really get injured. But I don't know the (contract) situation, it would be nice to see if he can do that." READ MOREJurgen Klopp claims Anthony Gordon 'lucky' not to get sent off in Liverpool win vs EvertonErik ten Hag 'in love' with Darwin Nunez and 'personally requests' Man Utd transfer dealArsenal forced into transfer rethink after target Tino Livramento suffers 'serious injury' And Barnes too would love to see Salah stay, although he doesn't feel as though Liverpool should keep the star 'at all costs' unlike some supporters. Barnes told Express Sport: "I love him, I hope he stays, I want him to stay but I'm not saying to Liverpool, 'keep him at all costs'."Do we need him to stay? Only if he wants to. He wants to stay if he gets the money that he wants and the years that he wants, but so did I. If we get to a stage where he only wants to stay if he gets a five-year contract, and is 35 with all that money, do we want him to sign that contract?"And then when he's 33 and he can't run around anymore and he has a five-year contract, and Liverpool want to sign someone else but they can't because he's there. So very much like Gini Wijnaldum. We love Gini, we love Mo. We wanted Gini to stay, but they couldn't give him what he wanted because he wanted more money and he wanted more years as he was 30 years old. "There's no animosity, of course it's a game where I'm trying to get what I want, you're trying to get what you want, but as long as he's here and giving 100 percent, he's trying and being respectful, he doesn't upset anything. Football has changed now. There's no more 'we love him and he wants to be loyal' because this is business. And it's business for him as well."So if he feels as though he can go and make that money and chooses to leave so he can go somewhere else and sign for more years, there's no hard feelings. But while he's here, and he gives 100 per cent like he is already doing, the club will respect him while he is here."A new deal for Salah may still be in the negotiation stages, but Liverpool have reached an agreement to extend Klopp's contract until 2026. The German had been rumoured to be considering leaving at the end of his current deal, which was set to expire in 2024.