At the end of series 11 of Death in Paradise, Florence Cassell (played by Josephine Jobert) decided to leave Saint Marie after a dangerous undercover operation almost went wrong. Things had never been the same for Florence after her fiance got shot, and after almost getting killed herself, she decided it was time to leave and start a new life somewhere else. Josephine's character joined the show in 2014 as a uniformed police officer and worked alongside Dwayne Myers (Danny John-Jules). At the time, Kris Marshall played lead detective Humphrey Goodman with DS Camille Bordey (Sara Martins). However, when Camille got offered a once in a lifetime job in Paris, Florence was promoted to DS and worked alongside Humphrey. After Humphrey left Saint Marie to be with his girlfriend, Florence was joined by Jack Mooney (Ardal O'Hanlon). READ MORE: Kate Bliss children: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? Although, Florence ended up leaving the island after her fiance was killed and she got shot. The detective wasn't away for long because she made a return for series 10, replacing Madeleine Dumas (Aude Legastelois-Bidé). However, it wasn't meant to be because as series 11 came to an end, Florence left the island once again. Speaking in a new interview with her former co-star Tahj Miles, who plays officer Marlon Pryce, Josephine recalled what her first day on set was like. "I was extremely tired and nervous," the actress explained as she pointed out she was also filming for a French production company at the same time. This meant Josephine was constantly travelling between Paris and Guadeloupe. "I was extremely nervous, not because of the fame of the show as I wasn't aware of it," she continued. "It was because it was my first job in English. In French, I can just learn lines and lines and lines the day before filming. In English, it was another thing." DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders ending explained: What happened to Finn Shelby? [CAST]Death in Paradise's Josephine Jobert details new role after show exit [INSIGHT]Vera's Aiden Healy star details 'special' moments filming series [NEWS] She added to Tahj in his The Table Read podcast: "It was [also] because I was taking over from Sara Martins at the time, who was playing the main female detective. "It was a huge responsibility and I was more afraid about how the audience would react because every time a character leaves, you know how people are." The Florence Cassell star went on to explain because she'd previously filmed on the island, she already knew some of the Death in Paradise crew. When asked about how long it took her to settle into the show, Josephine admitted it was up until series five because she struggled with speaking English. She went on to add up until that point she'd had a dialect coach to help her with learning the script and speaking English. "I think it's easier for me to act in English actually," the actress explained. "First of all, because it's not my first language, for example on Death in Paradise if I make a mistake it's like, 'It's not my first language so it's not my fault'." Josephine said the rhythm between speaking French and English is "very different" as she compared speaking in English to singing. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer and Britbox.