Josie Gibson has impressed ITV viewers over the last few months and has become a bigger feature on This Morning after stepping in multiple times to save the show from Covid absences. No stranger to the show, fans would have seen Josie hosting the Dosh on your Doorstep! segment. Now having a more regular seat on the show, the star has revealed what her co-hosts are like off-camera. Josie shot to fame after winning the eleventh series of Big Brother but has since gone on to make a name for herself as a presenter. The Bristolian became popular among viewers after saving the ITV show at the last minute in November 2021, when regular presenter Holly Willoughby contracted coronavirus. Viewers praised her presenting style, with the star holding her own sitting next to Phillip Schofield. Talking about her on-screen This Morning co-host she said: "So Phil, he is really funny. Read More: 'You just cut your cloth' Pensioner Sue details how she stays warm on £12K a year  "And we often see 'presenter Phil' and sometimes I wish people would see more of 'the Phil' because he's b****y hilarious! "He's also very gentle and he's really caring. "When I had an ear infection, he was always checking up on me asking if I was alright - he's just lovely. "I love Dermot, too."  "He was also so caring and thoughtful and really is one of the nicest blokes in the business." She also spoke about the show's female presenters and how she loves working with them. The 37-year-old added: "Alison, well, she's just my mate ain't she? I just love her to bits. "She brings the party, she's the energy, she's the scream and she just lights up a room as far as I'm concerned." DON’T MISS…‘It is his choice’ Giovanni Pernice reacts to Aljaž's decision to quit Strictly [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin heartbroken as Toyah Battersby adopts baby Alfie [SPOILERS]'No end to his ghastliness?' Lorraine Kelly blasts Prince Andrew over 'fraudster' claims [LATEST] She couldn't speak highly enough of Dancing On Ice host Holly. "And then Holly Willoughby, oh my goodness, what an amazing broadcaster she is," she described. "She is just effortless. I was in awe of her." Josie divulged that both Holly and Alison had helped her with her time on the show.  