The BBC TV drama series Noughts and Crosses is set to air its second instalment on Tuesday, April 26. Leading actors Jack Rowan and Masali Baduza will reprise their roles as Callum and Sephy, the star-crossed lovers who are on the run together as the latter is pregnant with their child. The sci-fi series, adapted from Malorie Blackman’s most famous novel of the same name, sees a dystopian present-day London where the divide between the black elite and the white underclass is rife. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the number of episodes in series two.   Sephy (played by Masali Baduza) is a member of the black elite, the daughter of the Home Secretary of Albion Kamal Hadley (Paterson Joseph), and falls in love with Callum (Jack Rowan), a white activist, involved in a paramilitary liberation group. While viewers will see the return of some familiar faces, the cast will also include a new line-up of guest stars. Comedian and Loose Women panellist Judi Love will be making her debut as Chidi Abara along with Shashi Bandara MP, a new character added to the star-studded drama, who will be played by High Rollers star Mayuri Naidu and TV presenter and public speaker Iretiola Doyle will play Empress of Aprica. In the second season, fans can expect to see four episodes, two fewer than the first outing of the BBC drama. READ MORE:The Repair Shop host Jay Blades has DIY show axed by BBC Teasing fans with a short sneak-peak trailer, the second season sees both Sephy and Callum gazing into each other’s eyes, as the mother-to-be tells her partner: “I just wish it was you and me and no one else.” Meanwhile, an angry Kamal is seen telling one of his army soldiers and Sephy’s ex-boyfriend Lekan Baako (Jonathan Ajayi) that the couple are “in London” and orders him to find them. Jude McGregor (Josh Dylan), Callum's hot-headed older brother, shares his concern over his brother fleeing the war. Rearing to fight the opposition, he tells Callum: “You cannot run, the fight is here.” Scenes of army soldiers carrying snipers are shown as the tension builds up between the Noughts and Crosses. As Sephy’s absence continues to infuriate Kamal, his anger is seen spiralling out of control and is often taken out on those closest to him. Speaking on Capita Xtra to hosts Yinka and Shayna Marie, actors Masali and Jack revealed whom they would like to see join the cast. Yinka began: “There are some pretty cool names, of course, in season one we saw Stormzy in Noughts and Crosses. “We think here at Capital Xtra, that Ashley Walters, who's one of the stars of Top Boy, would make an excellent addition to your cast. Turning to the cast members, she asked: “What do you think?"  She continued: “Is there anyone else that you'd love? Are you a fan of any rappers, any musicians [you’d like to see]?” Without hesitation, the Sephy star told listeners: “Beyonce. Let’s get Beyonce.” Probing both Yinka and Shayna to laugh as Jack agreed: “Yes, Beyonce.” “I’ll pretend to be shocked,” Yinka chuckled at their response. Helen Baxendale (Meggie McGregor), Bonnie Mbuli (Jasmine Hadley), Jonathan Ajayi (Lekan Baako) and Kiké Brimah (Minerva Hadley) are set to reprise their roles from series one. While Top Boy's Jasmine Jobson, Michael Dapaah and King Gary's Morgan Watkins join the cast for Noughts and Crosses' second season. While it is unsure whether Callum and Sephy will make it out together, fans can expect to see a nail-biting second season. How does Kamal plan to catch the couple and will the war soon take a devastating turn? Noughts and Crosses series 2 will air on BBC One on Tuesday nights at 10:40pm. The whole series will also be available immediately as a boxset on BBC iPlayer. 