Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp was not impressed by a line of questioning during his pre-match press conference on Friday regarding Pep Guardiola's comments last week where the Manchester City boss said he "overthinks" things in the Champions League. The Spaniard has so far failed to win the European showpiece as City manager with his best chance to date coming last year against Chelsea in the final.  It's the only major trophy the City boss has not won during his six years at the Etihad and he joked last week that he "always overthinks" his tactics and ideas in the Champions League. Speaking ahead of this weekend's title clash against City, Klopp was asked whether he was on the same wavelength as his opposite number in terms of "overthinking things". But the Liverpool boss appeared perplexed at the question, appearing to take a dig at some sections of the media for his recent comments on Luis Diaz in the process. "It was ironic," Klopp responded. "I heard this week in Ecuador people made a story that I didn't understand Luis Diaz. "We have a responsibility on this planet. If you want to talk to us, do me a favour and help us." JUST IN: Salah not in James' combined City vs Liverpool XI as Diaz makes cut  And Klopp went on to praise the City boss as the world's best coach ahead of their meeting this weekend. "When he said, ironically, 'I overthink things' - Pep is the best coach in the world and I think we would all agree on that," he said. "It might be a coincidence that it didn't work out so far in the Champions League, but the things he won, the football he plays. If anyone doubts him, I have no idea how that could happen. "We all think a lot. That's the reason that we sometimes make mistakes and sometimes we find out the right things. But in football, you know that just after the game not before. It's true in the end, there must be a stop with information because the boys have to play." DON'T MISS  Liverpool head into the match at the Etihad this weekend just one point behind their rivals. A run of 10 consecutive league wins has helped push Klopp's side to the brink of the league leaders. City responded to their 0-0 draw with Crystal Palace last weekend with a comfortable 2-0 victory over Burnley. Guardiola will be without star centre-back Ruben Dias for the fixture on Sunday, but Klopp has a fully-fit squad to choose from. Both teams then return to action next week for the second leg of their respective Champions League quarter-final ties. And they will then travel down to Wembley next weekend for the FA Cup semi-final. 