Mohamed Salah may finally be close to agreeing a new contract at Liverpool after an ongoing saga, ending the panic on Merseyside over the Egyptian's immediate future. Salah has been exceptional since signing for Liverpool in 2017, and his legacy looks set to continue. Mohamed Salah is finally close to agreeing a new deal at Liverpool as a 'breakthrough' has seen the star close in on a contract that could see him stay at Anfield for the remainder of his career.Contract talks had reportedly stalled in recent weeks as Jurgen Klopp revealed that Liverpool had done 'all that they can', with Salah and his team seemingly not happy with the offer. And there were concerns that the Egyptian may leave the club despite being 'happy' at Liverpool.But it appears that a recent breakthrough may finally end the ongoing contract saga, as Salah has seen a change of heart and is willing to put pen to paper. And his new deal could tie him down until the end of his career. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'did not have high expectations' as side battered by Brentford Express Sport can reveal that Salah is now prepared to compromise on his initial demands which saw him reject Liverpool's contract proposal. It is thought that the Egyptian was intent on matching the likes of Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo's £500,000-a-week salary.And Bruno Fernandes' recent bumper contract may have made Liverpool fans fear the worst as he became the Premier League's third highest earner, but now Salah is ready to settle with a compromise. The altered offer could see him add an extra 12 months onto the three years which had already been discussed.And if the extra time is added onto his new contract, it would effectively see him play out the remaining years of his career while he continues to perform at his peak. Salah has been a revelation ever since signing for Liverpool almost five-years-ago, and now he is ready to continue the journey, and more records are expected to be shattered. DON'T MISSMan Utd likely to do four things in potential Erik ten Hag announcementMan Utd will go against 'Ralf Rangnick's recommendation' if Erik ten Hag is snubbed Salah's change of heart may have been swayed by the affection for him on Merseyside, which was once again displayed this week. Liverpool consoled him over Egypt missing out on the World Cup finals, and a fresh mural of Salah was ready and waiting outside Anfield as he returned from international duty.And Sadio Mane also contributed with a nice touch, as he reportedly asked Liverpool to cancel their celebrations for him upon his return to training as Senegal went through at Salah's expense. Salah always admitted that he wanted to stay at the club, but demanded that he receive a salary to match his world-class status.It is yet to be confirmed just how much Salah is set to receive, but with the Egyptian on the brink of signing a new deal, Liverpool can now focus all of their attention on adding to their success this season. The Reds have already won the Carabao Cup this season, and they remain in the hunt to be the first English side to complete the quadruple. Despite the contract drama off the field, Klopp previously stated there was "no chance" Salah's ongoing talks would affect their bid to win more silverware this season. There was a sense of unrest amongst the Liverpool supporters as Salah's agent appeared to fire a dig at Klopp who claimed that the club had done all they could with the Egyptian's deal.Klopp said last month: "This season everyone is completely committed. It is a clear commitment for the team for this season and then we'll talk about the rest - future, immediate, further. Mo is not a guy for that, not at all. If I don’t line him up then his mood goes down. That is possible, but not against the team or whatever."It's just I think it's how it should be in the moment. The decisive parties are in contact and the rest we will see. Everyone is committed. We could have some players who don’t play often enough and aren’t in the squad enough and they could create a bad atmosphere. They don’t. They will not. And Mo is not a guy for that." But it seems that Liverpool may be willing to do more, as an extra 12 months may be agreed, and the Reds can finally relax as Salah closes in on a massive deal. It's a huge statement for Liverpool as they look to prolong their success, and Salah will be looking to inspire more trophies.The Egyptian has been pivotal in Klopp's Premier League and Champions League winning side, and just the FA Cup is missing if Liverpool are to complete the full set under the German. They have a good chance this season too, as they are just two wins away from lifting the historic trophy, although Manchester City and either Chelsea or Crystal Palace stand in their way.