Under the plan, all non-UK and non-Irish EU citizens would have to apply for clearance before travelling. The Electronic Travel Authorisation (ETA) was unveiled last year as part of the Nationality and Borders Bill. It has been likened to the system where people travelling to the United States fill in a form in advance. Leading figures from the tourism industry gave evidence on the matter to the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee on Wednesday (April 20). Joanne Stewart, chief executive of the Northern Ireland Tourism Alliance, said the Republic of Ireland was the main gateway for overseas travellers entering the province. She said the Alliance estimates the proposed scheme could affect half a million visitors and put £160 million of visitor spend at risk.  Ms Stewart also warned it could have an impact on Northern Ireland's ability to attract major business conferences. She said the industry has been scrabbling for information about the new scheme, telling MPs: "There has been no consultation at all with the industry or with ourselves with regard to the introduction of the ETA and the impact in Northern Ireland. "We haven't had any engagement. I have raised a number of questions seeking clarification but we really have not got any information. "One of the really concerning things is that it seems to be single entry ETA and, given the border - all of the ways you can cross it multiple ways on a trip - if this was just a single entry this would just be unworkable, completely impractical and could really cause huge cost to tourists who are travelling across the island.   READ MORE ABOUT TEENS BRAWLING IN A CITY CENTRE "People want to have hassle-free travel." She added that during the Covid pandemic some operators cancelled sections of itineraries in Northern Ireland because of the different testing and paperwork requirements surrounding the virus. Shane Clarke, director of corporate services, policy and Northern Ireland at Tourism Ireland, said there had been no consultation around the scheme. He told Committee members: "There was a degree [of] incredulity that this was being proposed.  DON'T MISS: Furious village row over plan to chop down 140-year-old tree [LATEST] Harry slammed by palace insiders as Charles 'furious' [REVEALED] US responds after Putin unveils 16,000mph 'Satan 2' rocket [REPORT] "This is an industry that has been on its knees for the last two years because of Covid and they can't really believe that this kind of regulation is being brought in. "They are looking for good news not looking for barriers and uncertainties to be put in their way... They felt it was going to be very damaging not only to the island of Ireland proposition in terms of free and unfettered access. "They felt it was also going to be extremely damaging to Northern Ireland because in effect what they were saying is that Northern Ireland is a very exciting part of the island of Ireland itinerary but it is not a stand alone destination. "By introducing these types of additional requirements, not only was it adding complexity and potentially cost but in terms of the near to home potential visitors, there are lots of other places they can choose to visit and this is going to add a barrier in terms of their potential to visit the island of Ireland and Northern Ireland."  He said around £1bn euros has been invested since 2002 in marketing the island as unfettered and easy access. Immigration Minister Kevin Foster also gave evidence to the committee. Its chairman, Simon Hoare, said he had received figures on the numbers of prosecutions for illegal entry into the UK via the Irish border. He said there were just three in 2017, five in 2018, 32 in 2019, two in 2020, 15 in 2021 and two, so far, in 2022.  He asked Mr Foster what was the nut he was trying to crack. Mr Foster said there were similar schemes around the world and added the reasons for the scheme included improved border security as well as better customer service. He emphasised the pre-travel clearance would not be an onerous requirement, indicating it would likely cost about £10, be valid for more than a year and cover multiple trips. He also suggested it would begin operating in 2025 and said the government has had a productive conversation with the Irish Government about long term residents of Ireland. 