One of the panellists went as far as saying the city of New York could be “completely gone with one rocket” as fears of an escalation in the Ukraine war continue. With the conflict now approaching two months, the United States have sent top diplomat, Secretary of State Anthony Blinken and Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin to Kyiv to meet with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky.  During the TV show on the pro-Kremlin Rossiya network, one panellist can be heard asking what kind of targets a Russian nuclear weapon could hit. One of the panellists responded by suggesting it could be used against "our so-called partners," referring to the US. Others on the panel began to laugh as another said, "Partner is very important." He then went on to say "Objects like the city of New York, a good city, but it would be gone.”  There has been widespread condemnation of the statement. Taking to Twitter, Daily Beast columnist Julia Davis said: “Meanwhile on Russian state TV: hosts and panellists giggling uncontrollably while discussing nuclear strikes against the continental territory of the United States. “Can you imagine any of our prominent media anchors laughing at the idea of destroying cities?” Ukraine World said: “After nuclear threats to Ukraine and the EU, Russia's state-owned talk shows have moved on to discussing how their missiles could entirely destroy New York. “Just wondering why is this not recognised tantamount to 9/11, and Russia to a terrorist state?”  READ MORE:Russia in desperate bid to sidestep US as ruble collapses Tanya Ollick said: “The propagandists on Russian TV continue to talk tough about how they will be harsh with NATO and how their new nuclear missiles can destroy New York. “Nuclear or chemical attacks would show Russia is run by madmen and the gloves would have to come off.” And Dr. Ronald Anderson took to the social media platform to say: “As I understand it Vladimir Putin has openly discussed using nuclear weapons to destroy New York City. “That discussion alone should make him eligible for extermination. “I am in favour of invading Russia and removing Putin.”  DON'T MISS:Horror as Irishman kicked to death on Malaga beach [REVEAL]British Airways moves to SPAIN in bid to fight staff shortages [INSIGHT]Sunak's £13,000 heated swimming pool bill [REPORT] Michael R added: “This is an unbelievably dangerous rhetorical method of normalizing the use of nuclear weapons.” Lovelife spoke of the security dilemma caused by making such threats.They said: “They know very well, what is done in this particular conversation, will also be done to them. “If they nuke America, America will also nuke Russia. “So before they do this, they do so knowing they are causing their own deaths.” The United States has pledged a further £1.02bn ($1.3) to Ukraine with £628m ($800m) consisting of a series of arms and heavy-duty weapons, and £392m ($500m) to provide the Ukrainian Government with much-needed infrastructure cash.  Speaking of the commitment the US is making, Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin said: “We want to see Ukraine remain a sovereign country, a democratic country able to protect its sovereign territory. “We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can’t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine.” Mr Blinken said he and Mr Austin spent about three hours with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and his senior team in the capital Kyiv. He stated: "That was the entire focus of our visit. “We wanted to focus on the work that needed to be done in looking at the game plan that we have, how we're moving forward across all of these different lines of effort.” The US has pledged to reopen its embassy in Ukraine and appoint an ambassador to Kyiv for the first time since 2009. 