Over the last few years, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have changed their social media approach. The pair have been sharing more personal and less formal posts on their joint social media accounts in what has been described as an attempt to alter their branding and appeal to younger audiences. Notably, during the couple’s recent Caribbean royal tour, posts were written in the first person - and none used William and Kate’s royal titles. The posts from the tour appear to be more intimate as if they were written by the couple themselves, almost as if royal watchers were experiencing the trip alongside them. William and Kate visited Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas during their eight-day tour which forms part of the celebrations of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. One post from their visit to Kingston reads: “Already in our short time here in Jamaica, Catherine and I are delighted to have felt what Bob Marley described so many years ago – the spirit of ‘One love’ that Jamaica has given to the world and which makes this country so special. “As we heard for ourselves at the cradle of reggae music last night in Trench Town, when the Rasta drums start playing, you really do know how to have a good time.” Previous posts shared their social channels often referred to William and Kate in the third person, using HRH titles or by using the “Duke and Duchess” rather than by their first names. There had been speculation that the couple had copied Prince Harry and Meghan Markle after they set a new royal trend of using social media. The couple shared less formal posts and even used their now-defunct Instagram account ‘Sussex Royal’ to announce the birth of their first child Archie. However, Kinsey Schofield – who has worked in the PR industry for over a decade – claims that there isn't a chance the Cambridges would take inspiration from the "destructive" Sussexes. She says that while the Sussexes are “certainly savvy” when it comes to their branding and social media, other members of the Firm would not look to them for inspiration. READ MORE: Kate and William's favourability up as they step in for the Queen She claims this is because the couple tends to “leave so much chaos in their wake”. She told Express.co.uk: “Regarding the [Cambridges’] change in tone, I would not give Harry and Meghan that much credit. “While the two are certainly savvy when it comes to marketing and PR, it is hard for the firm to recognize that because they leave so much chaos in their wake. “There is not a single human in the vicinity of the royals that says, ‘What can we learn from them?’ They are seen as so destructive.” Ms Schofield, the founder of royal blog ToDiforDaily.com, makes reference to the controversy surrounding the royal couple who quit royal duties two years ago. DON'T MISS Kate has become 'face of the Firm' in Cambridge's new plan [INSIGHT] Kate sends congratulatory message to young cancer survivor [REPORT] Queen Camilla: Duchess's popularity riding high after Queen's approval [ANALYSIS] After stepping back from the Firm, the pair made a series of bombshell claims about their time as royals. In the aftermath of their controversial Oprah Winfrey interview, a statement was published by Buckingham Palace that noted that "recollections may vary" before adding that the issues mentioned would be addressed by the family privately. The couple have also waded in on a series of political issues since stepping down, an unusual feat as traditionally royals are neutral and don't comment on anything that could be contentious or controversial. Moreover, Kinsey claims the shift in tone undertaken by the Cambridges brands William and Kate as “youthful, approachable, and cool”. She describes these as “qualities that are true” to the Duke and Duchess, but said they’re “often hidden behind ceremony and tradition”. She adds that their approach differs from other royals, but that change is necessary as the monarchy prepares for the Queen’s reign to end. She said: “While you could never imagine the Queen or Prince Charles engaging in such a manner, to ensure the Cambridges’ success and longevity, there had/has to be change. “There's no shaking off Prince Charles' reputation as stuffy and regal... the Cambridge's want no part of that. “They will lead with love which is why I believe that they want to appear more personable and warm.” The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall’s social media accounts use much more formal language. Charles and Camilla are often referred to as “Their Royal Highnesses” or “The Prince and The Duchess” or by their full royal titles, rather than their first names. 