Linda Carter (played by Kellie Bright) returned to EastEnders with a bang this week as she defied her husband Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) and got drunk at Tina Carter’s (Luisa Bradshaw-White) funeral. The pub landlady has been desperate to see her son Ollie Carter (Harry Farr) but her drinking has put a stop to the family allowing her. However, a theory from Express.co.uk suggests she may kidnap her son in a desperate bid to win back Mick. In Wednesday’s EastEnders, Mick declared his feelings for Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooker) in front of his Walford neighbours. Linda wasn’t there to witness their passionate exchange but it won’t be long before she hears about it. Will Mick’s actions cause Linda to resort to drastic measures to see her son? Earlier in the episode, Linda marched over to the Vic and demanded to see Ollie and Mick. But, Frankie Lewis (Rose Ayling-Ellis) pointed out neither of them was there. Read more: EastEnders theory: Ben Mitchell becomes killer after violent attack Linda refused to budge and insisted she wait for her husband to return. The alcoholic asked for a glass of wine but an uncomfortable Frankie told her she couldn’t be served. Linda wasn’t impressed with her step-daughter’s response and decided to help herself. The mum fumed: “I am still waiting to see my son,” to which Frankie replied: “I said Ollie isn’t with Mick he’s at the holiday club.” “Do you know what? I’ve had enough of this I’m going to get Ollie myself,” the landlady declared. Frankie insisted: “Linda, you can’t. It’s taken a week to get Ollie to go he misses you so much and he’s only just stopped sleeping in with Mick. “You know how important routine is, you drag him out and you’ll take him straight back to crying and wetting the bed.” “No, no, Mick told me Ollie’s fine,” Linda protested and Frankie explained: “He knows when you’re drinking. Linda please you can’t do this to him.” Linda appeared to soften when hearing about the impact her drinking had had on her son but became irate when Frankie used the term “can’t”. The mum-of-five furiously hit out at Frankie and blamed her for the breakdown of her marriage. DON'T MISSEastEnders exit: Has Stevie Basaula left as Isaac Baptiste? [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Kathy exits soap after Rocky fails to win her back [THEORY]Nadia Sawalha details being 'starstruck' by 'quirky' June Brown [INTERVIEW] Mick was horrified by her behaviour and immediately went to find Janine after witnessing his wife’s drunken ramblings. EastEnders fans will know Linda kidnapped her son once before when her drinking was out of control. Will she resort to the same tactics again now she feels the Carters are keeping her from Ollie? Linda feels betrayed by her husband after realising Janine convinced her to end her marriage at Christmas. But, instead of turning her life around and being there for Ollie, Linda has continued to drink and has missed several planned visits to see her son. The Carters are not fans of Janine but will be pleased to see him happy. They know Linda will do everything in their power to mess with Mick’s head and could decide to freeze the mum out completely to avoid her hurting Mick or Ollie. Linda’s drinking led to her inadvertently putting her son in danger in the past and it seems this could happen again now Mick has moved on. EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.