Growing numbers of people who can afford the procedure are opting to extend the time they spend with their beloved cats and dogs by cloning them, even as experts warn they might not be the same as the original. Some owners who have struggled to let go when their pets were diagnosed with terminal illnesses turned to ViaGen Pets, a US-based cloning company. The firm specialises in animal cloning and has been developing cloning and reproductive technology for more than 15 years.  John Mendola, who cloned his dog after she was diagnosed with terminal cancer told BBC News: "It was the best thing I did in my life." After receiving the diagnosis, he contacted ViaGen pets, who took a tissue sample from the pet and created two genetically identical using a surrogate mother dog within a year. The two dogs were genetically identical to the original, with Mr Mendola saying: "The spotting, the hair, everything is pretty much the same, even the mannerisms." Despite costing $50,000 (£38,000) to clone a dog and $30,000 (£23,000) for a cat, many are willing to go through the procedure of recreating their pet.  A famous instance of this is when celebrity Barbra Streisand stated that she used ViaGen Pets to clone two puppies from her former pet Samantha back in 2018. However, the RSPCA states cloning is a "serious concern" as its scientific procedures that can cause pain, suffering and distress, with "little consideration for ethics or animal welfare". An RSPCA statement reads: "Cloning techniques are used to try to produce exact 'copies' of a particular animal. "The use of cloning technology is often justified by statements that the research could lead to cheaper methods of producing medical treatments and food products. READ MORE: Woman pays £19,000 to clone cat "Cloning never creates a true copy of the original animal. All animals are individuals, with their own personalities." Dr Penny Hawkins of the RSPCA adds: "We would recommend anyone looking for a new pet to become part of their family to adopt one of the thousands of animals in rescue centres looking for their forever home." Meanwhile Elisa Allen, the director of animal rights group PETA, urged people to rescue dogs instead of cloning new ones. She said: "Animals' personalities, quirks, and very essence simply cannot be replicated.  "And when you consider that millions of wonderful, adoptable dogs and cats are languishing in animal shelters every year or dying in terrifying ways after being abandoned, you realise that cloning adds to the homeless-animal overpopulation crisis. "Peta encourages anyone looking to bring another animal companion into their life to adopt from their local shelter instead of fuelling cloning, a cruel moneymaking fad." The first cloned mammal successfully produced using a cell taken from another animal was Dolly the sheep, born in 1996. The Finnish Dorset sheep died from a progressive lung disease that was considered unrelated to her being a clone at aged six.