The Princess Royal and the Duchess of Cambridge have teamed up to visit the headquarters of the Royal College of Midwives (RCM) and of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG) in London. During the visit, the pair will learn more about how the RCM - of which the Princess Royal has been patron for 20 years – and RCOG, one of Kate's patronages, are collaborating to improve maternal health care. The visit marks the first time Kate, 40 and Anne, 71, have undertaken an engagement together without other members of the Royal Family in tow. Royal fans reacted with delight at images of the pair arriving in London together. One called Pooja wrote: "Two perfectly elegant, dignified and strong Royal women!" While another called Judith wrote: "Catherine looks wonderful as always. Great to see her with Princess Anne on their first joint visit."  A third with the username 'Brfguards' described the royal pair as their "dream durable duo". The user added: "I’m so happy they finally get together on official duty. As we all know, the Cambridges are very close to Princess Anne’s children & grandchildren. So, this is really a treat to see them together in public." Eliza also chimed in with her approval of the visit, writing: "Brilliant Senior Royal combination! Princess Anne has so much experience & knowledge to share." While user 'ay7yn' believes this event underlines how Anne respects the Duchess of Cambridge and supports her in her future role as Queen Consort. The user wrote: "Princess Anne does NOT suffer fools. The fact that she is doing this joint engagement says she respects Catherine and very much supports the future queen. I think they are both a tremendous credit and I hope they do more royal engagements together". READ MORE: Queen was 'concerned' about 'brat' William as a toddler For the occasion, Kate is sporting a beige jacket from London-based fashion brand Self Portrait and a matching flowing silk skirt. Anne is wearing a teal coat dress and a co-ordinating scarf. During their visit, Anne and Kate will meet with representatives from Tommy's National Centre for Maternity Improvement. The pair will learn more about the digital tools being developed to identify and support those with higher risk pregnancies. DON'T MISS Prince Andrew faces being stripped of major British honour TONIGHT [INSIGHT] Prince Harry 'obsessed' over Prince William 'hogging the best briefs' [REVEAL] 'Leading lady' Meghan Markle 'hated every second' of Royal Family tour [REPORT] Today, in their roles of patrons, the two royals will also join a round table discussion with experts and new parents about the measures being taken to tackle inequalities in maternity care. The visit is especially poignant given the Duchess' focus on the themes of childcare, motherhood and the early years for her royal work. During her 11 years in the Royal Family, Kate has become patron of a number of causes relating to these topics. The Duchess of Cambridge launched the Royal Foundation Centre for the Early Childhood last year, which intends to "drive awareness of and action on the extraordinary impact of the early years, in order to transform society for generations to come". In February, she embarked on a solo trip to Copenhagen to learn more about the world-leading Danish approach to the early years.  Both Anne and Kate have also been supporting nurses and midwives for years, and both royals backed the #NursingNow campaign. Launched back in 2018 by Kate, the three-year-long initiative championed raising the profile of nurses around the world. In December 2019, both royals also wrote letters to mark the International Year of the Midwife. Kate's letter reflected on her Early Years work and how midwives play a role of "fundamental importance" at the start of this period. While Anne's letter referenced Kate and pointed to her involvement in the Nursing Now campaign.