Jane McDonald reunited with her former flame Eddie Rothe, who is affectionately called Ed, back in 2008. The late musician, who was a member of the band The Searchers, was an old boyfriend from the ex-Loose Women's star's teenage years. Jane and her late partner, who sadly died in March last year, got engaged on 24 December 2008 after the musician proposed. The 59-year-old appeared on Loose Women following the news of her partner's death. The singer was joined by ITV panellists Kaye Adams, Nadia Sawalha and Carol McGiffin. They spoke candidly with Jane as the former Cruising singer reminisced about moments she shared with Ed before making a candid admission on the programme last year. READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood thanks BBC Breakfast viewer after ITV weather swipe Carol commented: "We both met our partners at the same time." Jane nodded in agreement, saying: "Yes, at the same time." "It was in 2008. I don't know if you remember but both Jane and I got engaged on exactly the same day," Carol continued. Jane added: "We didn't know. Neither of us knew about [the engagement]."   Surprisingly for both presenters, Carol, 62, got engaged to her then-boyfriend Mark Cassidy, 40, in 2008. She went on: "We came back into work... this is true... "We were like, 'well, we can't both announce it. It's like we're doing it on purpose.'" The Loose Women host chuckled at the story, as Carol added: "I said, 'Jane can go first. DON'T MISS... Homes Under The Hammer's Martin Roberts in 'emotional' hospital update[LATEST]Johnny Depp called ex Vanessa 'extortionist c***' in Elton John email[UPDATES]Naga Munchetty inundated with support after BBC Breakfast absence[TV] "I stayed quiet for a day and announced my [engagement] the next day." Carol tied the knot with Mark in 2018 and the couple celebrated their fourth wedding anniversary in the Maldives. Jane and Eddie did not make it down the aisle after the musician died in March 2021. After quitting her Channel 5 shows, it appears Jane no longer considered herself to be “married to the job”. And, as a result, she revealed in an interview that she was thinking about walking down the aisle with Eddie. Sadly, lockdown meant weddings were put on hold, and Eddie sadly died before the couple could say “I do”. Speaking to My Weekly, Jane joked that she and Eddie had been engaged for so long she needed to check he still wanted to marry her. She said: “You’re right, I do have the time, so it might be something I think about. “It was always on the back-burner before. But it’s been so long that I’ll have to ask him and see whether he still wants to do it!”