Which? is on a mission to help the nation save hundreds of pounds. Each week, the UK’s consumer champion is highlighting free and useful money-saving advice to help consumers manage the ongoing cost of living crisis. Today, Which? have revealed how broadband and mobile customers can switch and haggle to take advantage of perks and offers, and save money. At the end of broadband and mobile phone contracts, Which? suggests switching providers as an easy way to save money. New customers often get affordably priced introductory offers which can cost as much as 90 percent less than standard tariffs. In some cases, switching could save hundreds per year. Which? research found that broadband customers who switch away from the ‘big four’ providers - BT, Sky, TalkTalk and Virgin Media - can save as much as £190 on their annual broadband bill. Customers with a TV and broadband package can save even more – over £200. Switching mobile providers netted customers an average annual saving of £40. Customers leaving O2 and Three made the largest savings on average. READ MORE: Most expensive household appliances to run - and how to cut costs Providers often expect and invite haggling. The biggest potential savings are available to customers with a TV and broadband deal. When Which? surveyed customers who’d haggled with their provider, it found the average saving was £128. Broadband customers who haggle save an average of £85 annually. Meanwhile, the average mobile customer saved £34 a year by haggling. Customers with the major providers saved even more: the average Three customers saved around £45 a year by haggling, and the average EE customer saved £75. DON'T MISS...Jane McDonald eats ‘one type of bread’ to stay slim after losing 4st [CELEB]Mushrooms: Gardeners’ World guide to growing mushrooms [VIDEO]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry ‘break tradition’ with public kiss [BODY LANGUAGE] Many broadband and mobile providers offer incentives to entice new customers, typically vouchers and reward cards. Sometimes hardware is on offer too – Which? spotted perks such as free wireless speakers, tablets and televisions. Comparison sites often offer vouchers for checking broadband deals through them. Which? found that vouchers for £100 aren’t uncommon – and they’re not only associated with the priciest deals. Researchers regularly spot £50 and £75 vouchers, often for use with Amazon, John Lewis, M&S, Sainsbury’s, Tesco and Uber Eats. Many broadband providers, including BT, Virgin Media and Vodafone offer bonuses if satisfied customers refer a friend. These usually come in the form of a gift card, but some providers offer bill credit or money off tariffs instead. For example, BT offers a £50 voucher to both parties. Adam French, Which? Consumer Rights Expert said: “Despite the cost of living crisis, many providers have not hesitated to impose above-inflation price hikes, leaving customers feeling the pressure. “But, there are steps you can take to minimise the cost of broadband and mobile bills. “It’s worth shopping around or haggling for the best deal, particularly if you’re out of contract. “Which? research has found that haggling with your providers or switching deals could save you hundreds of pounds a year.”