Anthony Davidson has warned Mercedes' rivals not to write Lewis Hamilton off despite a poor performance at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. It's been a disappointing start to the 2022 season for Mercedes with the W13 lacking in race pace compared to Red Bull and Ferrari. There was some fortune in Bahrain as both Hamilton and George Russell capitalised on a double Red Bull retirement. But they were brought back down to earth last time out in Saudi Arabia with Hamilton failing to get out of Q1. Hamilton's qualifying result was even more surprising given that Russell was still able to put his car sixth on the grid. The seven-time world champion did just enough to secure a solitary championship point on the Sunday, but he was still around 40 seconds behind Russell at the end of the race. It was not immediately clear why Hamilton struggled so much compared to his Mercedes team-mate at Jeddah. Davidson believes Hamilton's main issue was down to the set-up on his Mercedes car. JUST IN: Charles Leclerc warns Ferrari will 'unlock more performance'  And the Mercedes simulator driver has warned Hamilton's rivals not to write the British racing superstar off just yet. "Underestimate him at your peril," Davidson told Sky Sports. "He won't give up, he'll carry on pushing the limits and I think he went quite extreme with the car in qualifying in Saudi Arabia, trying to get what he wanted from it. In the race, he found his rhythm. "I do expect Lewis to figure out what this car needs in terms of driving style.Of course he's super adaptable, he's been fast in any iteration of Formula 1 car that's come along and there's no reason why he won't continue that in this current generation of Formula 1 cars. DON'T MISS  "He just needs to find his rhythm. I feel like as time goes on, he and the team will work hard on it and turn this thing around." The F1 season continues this weekend as it returns to Australia for the first time since 2019. Hamilton has only won Down Under twice in his career with his last coming back in 2015. The 37-year-old will once again not be expected to challenge at the front this weekend, pending major upgrades. Red Bull and Ferrari remain the frontrunners with both Charles Leclerc and Max Verstappen set to continue their title battle. Pressure will also be on Sergio Perez and Carlos Sainz to join in the fight having fallen behind their respective team-mates.