Hollie Newton, chief creative officer at Sproutl has shared how to care for houseplants now. It can be difficult trying to know how much water plants need at this time of year. In the winter months, many houseplants go into dormancy. There’s no exact time of year when plants come out of dormancy as different plants have different rest requirements so it can be hard to know when to up your watering schedule. Hollie said she’s planning to feed her plants with plant food and to “play it by ear” when it comes to watering. She said: “I’m looking at whipping up some organic plant feed and giving them all a feed about now because I definitely haven’t in winter. “Then, I think it’s about playing it by ear. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share best and worst vacuum cleaners “We’re still on the edge of the season so if some of them are being watered once a week, it might be worth stepping it up. “But I often make sure I’m misting my houseplants. “As soon as I started misting, my plants were a lot happier. “I would look at upping the misting a little bit.” The gardening expert also shared a “test” to check when a plant needs watering.  DON'T MISSCleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls [INSIGHT]Energy bills: How to reduce your laundry costs by £100 a year [UPDATE]Average house price hits record high for third month [ANALYSIS] Gardeners can use the finger test which is when they stick their finger into the soil as far down as they can to see if the soil is dry. When the finger is removed, any soil sticking to it indicates moisture. A relatively clean finger means it's time for a water. Hollie said: “It’s just the finger test in the soil. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “That’s your best way to begin with. If it’s starting to dry out, quite often you know you’re into your spring/summer watering. “If it’s not then it’s probably okay. “Your radiators going off are going to make them much happier - all plants.” Hollie said gardeners should also remember to dust the leaves of houseplants as they can’t photosynthesise properly if there’s too much dust covering their surface. Misting can help with this but some plants may need dusting and misting. The gardening expert added: “Also, just look at them [your houseplants], are they happy?  “Do they need a little wipe of the leaves? Sproutl has recently launched Sproutl Collections which offers a simple solution to some of the most common gardening problems. Sproutl Collections draws from thousands of plants and pots on the site to offer customers a simple, curated choice to pick and mix from. Filters then help create bespoke solutions to help gardeners quickly select the perfect plant and pot combination for any location. Hollie said: "With daily lives transformed by the pandemic and more Britons continuing to work mainly from home in a hybrid manner, gardening has experienced its biggest boom ever with thousands of new people taking up gardening. “Our mission is to make gardening easy, and Sproutl Collections are designed to make anyone an instant gardening pro."