GB News presenter Eamonn Holmes claimed he would be dead before the effects of the government’s latest clean energy plan would be felt. The 62 year-old and his co-host Isabel Webster spoke to climate change expert John Grant on Thursday’s edition of the morning news show to talk about whether the UK was doing enough to tackle the climate crisis. Eamonn and Isabel agreed the government’s clean energy plan wasn’t doing enough to help in the short-term. They were shocked when Sheffield lecturer John informed them only a tenth of one percent of UK houses currently have an energy rating of ‘A’. “I can’t stand seeing these ministers taking all the glory,” Eamonn fumed in response. “‘We’ve got a strategy, it’ll take 180 years to do or whatever.’” READ MORE: Kate Bliss children: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? The government’s new plan aims for 95 percent of the UK’s energy to come from low-carbon sources by 2030. However, the GB News hosts didn’t think the strategy was implemented quickly enough to tackle the current crisis. Isabel replied: “I was working it out, and how old will you be by [2030]?” “I’ll be dead, I’ll be gone by then,” Eamonn said. “It’s all nonsense.” Isabel agreed: “It’s too far! It’s not going to help the problem in the short-term.” John pointed out earlier strategies to combat climate change were actually shut down by the government just a few years ago. He explained: “Most people don’t realise, but in 2015, seven years ago, there was a strategy that the construction industry had taken on board. “We were going to build houses that cost a pittance to heat and power.” DON'T MISS:Gordon Ramsay addresses Future Food Stars' romance [INSIGHT]Outlander season 6 theories: Malva poisons Claire [SPOILERS]Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Gene to free Kim from prison [THEORY] “But, back then, the 2015, the current government, decided it was just asking too much and they shelved it. “All of that, that you were just talking about, Eamonn, was embodied in those new houses that were going to be built. “And that would be seven years, now, we would have been building those houses.” Eamonn joked in response: “John, here’s the answer. Let’s just frack everywhere. “Let’s go round the whole fracking country and just frack it to bits!” John reminded Eamonn of the United Nations’ warning on Monday that the world is in a state of emergency, and fracking would only exacerbate the situation. The government’s latest strategy has also been criticised by environmentalists for failing to provide an outline for home insulation. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News.