Gabriel Magalhaes insists he's "very happy" at Arsenal and north London feels like home following reports that Barcelona are lining up a summer transfer for the Brazilian centre-back. The 24-year-old is making a push to be part of Tite's Selecao squad for the World Cup in Qatar later this year, despite shaky performances in the recent defeats to Crystal Palace and Brighton. Nonetheless, Gabriel is still held in high regard for both club and country after taking to the Premier League like a duck to water following his arrival from Lille in 2020. His impressive impact on Mikel Arteta's Arsenal side has now attracted the attention of Barcelona boss Xavi, who reportedly wants to sign the player at the end of the season. Catalan media reports suggest Barca would be willing to offer Arsenal three players for their £27million signing - Memphis Depay, Neto and Riqui Puig. However, Gabriel appears to have offered Arsenal assurances that he wants to stay and build on his first two seasons at the club. READ MORE: Barcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star Gabriel “It’s been a real challenge here and I am more and more settled every day," Gabriel told Premier League Productions. "I feel better and better with each passing game. At the same time, we know we all can’t be perfect in every match. We do make mistakes. “But I feel good, I feel at home at Arsenal. It’s a great squad to be a part of and together I am sure we can achieve a lot. I am very happy here.” Gabriel has been critical of his own personal performances in recent months and his attitude is one of the many reasons he's of huge value to Arteta. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal After the 3-2 win at Watford in early March, the former Lille man held his hands up following criticism from his manager on the touchline. He tweeted: "I just have to prove to myself what I'm capable of!" It's been a bumpy road for Gabriel in recent weeks after he was ruthlessly exposed in the 3-0 defeat at Crystal Palace. Yet he will remain integral for the Gunners if they are to battle back and earn a top-four finish ahead of Tottenham and Manchester United. Arsenal have no intention of selling their ball-playing defender this summer, despite Barca's desire to bring him to La Liga. He has helped Arsenal earn 13 clean sheets in 27 Premier League outings this season alongside £50m arrival Ben White. Barcelona have already been busy in the transfer market following the arrival of Xavi, having signed Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Ferran Torres and Adama Traore on loan in January. Chelsea's Andreas Christensen and AC Milan's Franck Kessie are also set to join on free transfers this summer upon the expiry of their current contracts.