Manchester United are weighing up a shock return for Old Trafford for Rene Meulensteen, according to reports. Erik ten Hag has been confirmed their new manager. The 52-year-old will sign a three-year contract with the fallen Premier League giants as he looks to bring the glory days back and succeed where predecessors have failed. Manchester United have today confirmed Ten Hag’s appointment, saying on their club website: “Manchester United is delighted to announce the appointment of Erik ten Hag as Men’s First Team Manager, subject to work visa requirements, from the end of this season until June 2025, with the option to extend for a further year.” And, now, the Manchester Evening News say Meulensteen is ‘under consideration’ to join the Dutchman at Old Trafford. The 58-year-old is currently working as the Australia No 2. But he could return to his old employers to assist Ten Hag, having previously been a key ally for Sir Alex Ferguson. Many at United felt Meulensteen should have been retained when the Scot left and was replaced by David Moyes nine years ago. However, Moyes wanted to do his own thing and allowed Meulensteen, as well as Mike Phelan, to depart. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United have also been linked with Steve McClaren, who also worked under Ferguson during his reign. But that move isn’t expected to materialise, with the Red Devils primed to go in another direction instead. United do, however, want to bring in people who have knowledge of the club. And, as well as Meulensteen, the likes of Robin van Persie, Rio Ferdinand and Jaap Stam have all been linked with returns. At the current moment in time, though, it’s unclear who United intend to hire as they seek better times ahead. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Ten Hag has admitted he’s looking forward to managing United, while also admitting he’s found it tough to leave Ajax. “It is a great honour to be appointed manager of Manchester United and I am hugely excited by the challenge ahead,” he said. “I know the history of this great club and the passion of the fans, and I am absolutely determined to develop a team capable of delivering the success they deserve. “It will be difficult to leave Ajax after these incredible years, and I can assure our fans of my complete commitment and focus on bringing this season to a successful conclusion before I move to Manchester United.” And United legend Edwin van der Sar has paid tribute to Ten Hag for the work he’s done at Ajax over the past five years. Ajax chief Edwin van der Sar, meanwhile, has paid tribute to Ten Hag for his work at Ajax. "Four and a half years is a good amount of time, but we would have liked to have kept Erik at Ajax for longer,” he said. “He is going to make the step to one of the biggest clubs in the world, in a fantastic league. "We owe Erik a lot of thanks for what he has achieved with Ajax so far, but we are not done yet. At the end of the season, I will look back more extensively on his departure. “For now, what matters is the final games of the season in which we all want to bring home the league title." Ten Hag is still hoping to win the Eredivisie title this term, with his Ajax side on course to retain the crown.