Arsenal legend Ray Parlour believes Mikel Arteta’s side could overtake Chelsea and finish in third position. The Gunners are currently sitting in fifth position, but will overtake Tottenham Hotspur if they draw or win against Crystal Palace. Arteta’s side could also be as many as six points clear of Antonio Conte’s side if they win the two games in hand they current hold over their rivals. But while Arsenal have only been spoken in the breath of Champions League qualification, Chelsea’s recent 4-1 home loss to Brentford has handed the north Londoners the opportunity to catch up with the Blues. Victory for the Gunners against Palace will move them within two points of third place Chelsea, with a trip to Stamford Bridge yet to come. And Parlour believes Arteta’s side could climax the season in sensational style by knocking Thomas Tuchel’s side of their third place perch. “They have to now [bounce back],” Parlour warned on TalkSPORT. “They’ve got a massive Champions League game coming up. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Rangnick explains four demands he’s made as Glazers face crunch time “It is a blip and hopefully [Thomas] Tuchel will look at it like that and say ‘that’s gone now, let’s concentrate going forward’. Chelsea have got to be careful. “Arsenal have got to go play Chelsea them at Stamford Bridge. “If they can somehow get a result against Chelsea, which we have seen Brentford do, then suddenly third place might be up for grabs for Spurs or Arsenal.” DON'T MISSChelsea have four players who may be dropped for Real Madrid clash after Brentford mauling [OPINION]Man Utd 'very close' to appointing Erik ten Hag as Ajax boss nears Old Trafford job [REPORT]Tottenham ‘to announce Yaya Toure promotion’ in new development after Newcastle win [GOSSIP] Tottenham are also breathing down Chelsea’s necks after their impressive 5-1 home victory against Newcastle United. The north Londoners have scored more Premier League goals than any other team in 2022 and have also won four of their last five matches. And Parlour earmarked Tottenham January signing Dejan Kulusevski for extra praise, stating he has been blown away by the Juventus’ loanee’s immediate impact at the Tottenham Hotspur stadium.“Every time he {Kulusevski} got the ball he made something happen,” Parlour added. “The pace he’s got, he got his goal as well, [Harry] Kane and Son are fantastic, absolutely brilliant players. “And if they can get the other guys around them playing to their capacity like they are doing at the moment, then they’ll be there or thereabouts. I always thought it was Tottenham and Arsenal for that fourth place. “Tottenham have got to play Arsenal at home, so that is going to be the crunch game. From Arsenal’s point of view you just want to go there and try and get a point. You’d take a point if you were Arsenal.”