Dad’s Army premiered in 1968, more than 20 years after the end of the Second World War, and ran for nine series. Last year, the BBC slapped a warning on the 1971 Dad’s Army film but actor Frank Williams, who starred as vicar Timothy Farthing, has revealed the show’s writers were very careful with the langue they chose. Jimmy Perry and David Croft’s masterpiece is one of Britain’s best-loved comedies. The series focuses on a fictional Home Guard platoon during the Second World War. Throughout the series, Captain Mainwaring (Arthur Lowe) and his soldiers often referred to the enemy as “Nazis” rather than “Germans”. Vicar Timothy star explained in a recent interview that this use of language was deliberate. Read more: Dad's Army: Ian Lavender on why co-star's costume had to be changed Frank explained: ‘‘There was a discussion at the start about the language that was used in the show. “Anything German and the word German was seen as unacceptable. “During the war, people did talk about the Germans in a way like, ‘The Germans did this’ and ‘The Germans did that’. “But when Dad’s Army started, a conscious decision appears to have been made not to offend the country.” “I agree with it in a way,” the Dad’s Army actor told Daily Star. “The decision was not to offend the German nation but to make it clear we are not talking about them as a whole. We are talking about the Nazis.” Last year, the BBC put a “discriminatory language” warning on the Dad’s Army film. In the film, Lance Corporal Jones (Clive Dunn) uses the slur “fuzzy-wuzzies” to refer to the enemies he fought in Sudan under General Kitchener. DON'T MISSDad’s Army: Arthur Lowe refused to take 'rubbish' script home [INSIGHT]Dad's Army: Unexpected flashback secret of BBC series exposed [VIDEO]Dad’s Army star opens up on filming final seasons 'Didn't want to' [INTERVIEW] "Since Dad’s Army first aired public attitudes have changed significantly and guidance was given at the start of the programme due to a specific discriminatory remark,” a BBC spokesperson told the Mirror. Elsewhere, Private Park star Ian Lavender opened up on the changes the wardrobe department was forced to make to his and his co-stars’ costumes. The actor speaks about the series in footage obtained in the previously aired Channel 5 documentary We Love Dad’s Army. The comedy series often included comical stunts involving Ian, Lance Corporal Jones star Clive Dunn and Chief Warden Hodges actor Bill Pertwee. Ian explained that he, Clive and Bill were given different costumes because of their on-screen antics. Speaking in 2020, Ian said: “Clive, Bill and I were often the subjects of this adventure comedy in that if somebody had to fall into a river or whatever it would be one of us three. “To the extent wardrobe just automatically packed wetsuits for us but it was always us because we were young.” We Love Dad's Army is available to watch on My5.