Loose Women panellist Denise Welch has taken to Twitter to break her silence after her stalker was jailed for seven years after being charged with stalking, among other offences. In a post on the micro-blogging platform, the ITV star, 63, told how she was glad the judge presiding over her case had taken what she'd been through "seriously", after revealing that the ordeal has "permanently scarred" her life while addressing the court over videolink yesterday. In view of her 521,400 followers, the TV star addressed the issue following the verdict yesterday. She wrote: "Stalking is a serious offence. "Pleased that in our case we had a judge who saw this. "7 yrs!!" she ended her post, while sharing a link to an article following the trial. READ MORE: Sandra Bullock admits Daniel Radcliffe was 'not who I expected' Denise's stalker has been jailed after starting a fire in the driveway of the Loose Women star's home, which left her "terrified". Toraq Wyngard, 64, was found with a kitchen knife in his rucksack following the incident. He was jailed for seven years and seven months on charges of stalking, arson, possession of a knife and criminal damage. He caused £4,285 worth of damage after the fire spread to their garage. Speaking to Manchester Crown Court, the forner Coronation Street actress said that the incident had "changed her life". Appearing via video link from America, Denise recounted the incident which occurred on 19 September 2020. She told how Wyngard started a fire in a skip outside her home in Cheshire where she lives with her husband, Lincoln Townley. She said her partner's "piercing screams" alerted her to the fire when a member of the public knocked on the door after seeing the fire. CCTV footage showed a man in a distinctive baseball cap pouring accelerant in the skip before setting it alight. He was later arrested where police found a kitchen knife in his rucksack. DON'T MISS... Mick Jagger's daughter Jade, 50, and his girlfriend, 35, stun at event [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid's 'tragic' relationship with Rob Rinder's dog detailed [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan told by Princess Diana she 'had no regrets' over Panorama [UPDATE] The court heard how he claimed to be a press photographer after police discovered cameras in his bag. Five months later, while Wynhard was released under investigation, the Loose Women star found the words "witch" and "pimp" scrawled on their front gate in marker pen. CCTV showed him writing the graffiti as well as buying the pen at a shop. Denise said: "This whole experience terrified me and continues to do so." "It has changed my life. I have a wonderful life and this man has permanently scarred it," she said. Wyngard pleaded guilty to the stalking charges last September but his sentencing was delayed after he tried to change his pleas, claiming he had been "pressured" into admitting the offences. His application to change his pleas was rejected but Louise Cowen, defending, said he maintained he was not guilty, adding that he suffered from bipolar affective disorder and had not been taking his medication. Judge Michael Leeming said to him: "You have expressed not a single word of regret, not a single word of concern for your victims at all. "Your only concern is for your own interests."