Mark Voyger, former special adviser for Russian and Eurasian affairs to the US army, praised the Ukrainian foreign secretary Dmytro Kuleba for his “simple and succinct” request for more weapons. Voyger added that the Russian massacres seen so far are merely “the tip of the iceberg” and it is imperative that Ukraine gets “all the help and more”. Speaking to Sky News, the special adviser warned that despite the war dragging on into its third brutal month of fighting, “this is only the beginning”. He said: “This is really the Russian way of war, and all this graphic footage has actually shown the world that Ukraine needs all the help and more, and it needs it now. “Just about an hour ago [6.30am GMT], the Ukrainian foreign minister spelled it out quite simply and succinctly. “There’s no offensive weapons in this war, he said [addressing NATO foreign ministers], everything you give us is defensive because we fight on our own territory.” He added: “So, he’s asking for much more than anti-tank weapons. He’s asking for armour, airplanes, obviously missiles, and high-altitude air defence.” “This will allow Ukraine to install its own no-fly zone, if you will, and also prevent the Russians from carrying out even more despicable atrocities.” NATO forces have been calculated in what weaponry they have sent into the war zone, seeking to draw a line between protecting Ukraine and not provoking Russian President Vladimir Putin into a nuclear reaction. But the Czech Republic became the first member of NATO to send tanks to Ukraine yesterday, with the nation claiming it had been signed off with the organisation. READ MORE: Zelensky loses patience with West in furious attack over sanctions [REPORT]  Britain’s ministry of defence is reportedly considering sending armoured vehicles to Ukraine in the belief that the next three weeks of the war will be critical. Options being considered include a protected patrol vehicle, such as the Mastiff, or a vehicle like the Jackal, which is capable of long-range reconnaissance. Training will have to be conducted in counties outside of Ukraine to ensure British troops are not officially put at risk. But British defence secretary Ben Wallace, speaking last week, said that Britain would not be sending any tanks into Ukraine, despite requests by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. DON'T MISS: Haley blasts Biden over sanction inaction and sending planes [REPORT] Zelensky blasts EU as bloc spends more on Russian energy than weapons [INSIGHT] Biden wants to exclude Russia from G20 [REVEAL] Kuleba is in Brussel today for a meeting of NATO foreign ministers at NATO headquarters, and this morning called for more “weapons, weapons, and weapons” to help fight against Russia. He said: “My agenda is very simple. It only has three items on it. It’s weapons, weapons, and weapons,” “We know how to fight. We know how to win. But without sustainable and sufficient supplies requested by Ukraine, these wins will be accompanied by enormous sacrifices. “The more weapons we get and the sooner they arrive in Ukraine, the more human lives will be saved.”