Kelly (played by Millie Gibson) discovered shortly before her mother, Laura Neelan (Kel Allen), died on Coronation Street her father Rick Neelan (Greg Wood) had been killed. The youngster has no idea Gary Windass (Mikey North) actually murdered him three years ago but despite this, she arranged for his funeral to be conducted during Friday's edition of the ITV soap. However, an unknown man turned up to share his views on the loan shark and something he said could indicate he is actually Kelly's father. With the funeral in full swing, the mystery man entered the church and instead of sitting down, he walked up to the coffin. Instead of saying a few words about Rick, he proceeded to spit on it and Gary intervened to ask what the hell he was doing. This led to an altercation between the two characters and the stranger was swiftly banished from the rest of the service. Later in the episode, Rick was buried and laid to rest but Kelly couldn't shake what had happened in the church off her mind. "What my dad was, it affects everyone. That bloke and you [Gary]," she remarked as she sat on a bench with her new father figure. READ MORE: Jack Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jack Millar now? "Why did I have to be born into them? Why couldn't they have given me up and I could have been adopted?" the youngster asked. Trying to play Devil's advocate, Gary told Kelly: "Look, your dad might have done some bad stuff but he did love you. "I think all the things I found in his house prove that. I guess we all just act differently towards different people we meet." Despite hating her father, Kelly wanted to have a few last moments with him as she admitted she did still love him for the good memories she had with him. As she returned to the cobbles with Gary and Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon), they were all ready to put the day's events behind them. However, Kelly needed to nip out for some teabags and as they waited for her at home, Gary told his wife one of them should have gone with her. When she returned, it was revealed she had not gone to the shops but had in fact gone to meet the mystery man at the funeral. Explaining herself, the teenager said: "That fella who spat on my dad's coffin, I was with him. His van had the name of his company on it. "It's near the precinct. I just wanted to apologise for what my dad to him and it turns out he is dead sweet," she continued. Kelly proceeded to drop the biggest hint she is actually the stranger's daughter as she added: "He's got a daughter my age." DON'T MISS...Rula Lenska health: Star, 74, on the 'difficulty' of hearing loss [COMMENT]Michelle Collins, 59, engaged to toyboy beau, 38, after 10 years [COMMENT]Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim [COMMENT] "He said he reckons I was the one good thing my dad did in this world," she continued with Gary warning her to stay away from him. However, in the coming weeks, the mystery man could turn up again as he begins following Kelly around in hopes to talk to her again. Once they do sit down to talk, the stranger could reveal he is actually her father and Rick took her on when she was just a baby. Years ago, he and his partner were expecting their first baby together but in childbirth, she could have died, leaving him to be a single father. With the stress of finances getting to him, he could have gone to Rick looking for a loan but he would have struggled to make repayments. In hopes to clear his debts, the stranger could have made another deal; give Rick his daughter as he and Laura were struggling to conceive. The loan shark would have told the mystery man never to contact them again as they wanted to raise the child as their own. Warned he would end up six feet under if he dare break the conditions, the stranger would have been forced to watch his daughter grow up from the shadows. Kelly would be devastated to know both her parents kept this secret from her and she would struggle to get her head around it. However, she could end up spending a lot more time with her birth father as the precinct is going to become a part of the set. This means Kelly could be seen spending more time with him and his family, getting to know her other possible brothers and sisters. It was announced earlier this year the plans were in place for a development and executive producer Iain MacLeod discussed the possible drama which was going to take centre stage in the new expansion. The soap boss said: "The fabled Weatherfield Precinct has been much discussed, but little-seen on the show in our 61 years, and I am really excited to be expanding the Coronation Street universe. "The plans for the shopping area are drawn directly from the real-world Salford environs that inspired the show's creator Tony Warren and exemplify the authenticity and ambition." But how will Gary cope with knowing he didn't claim the life of Kelly's father? Will it be a weight lifted off his shoulders? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.