Piers Morgan has taken aim once again at Meghan Markle, accusing her of “spinning a yarn” about the Royal Family which “damaged the monarchy”. In a new interview, Piers claimed once again that he didn’t believe Meghan’s allegations about the royals. Piers has recently launched a new show on Talk TV, after he stormed off Good Morning Britain last year, never to return, after an argument over Meghan. He locked horns with weather presenter Alex Beresford over his “trashing” of Meghan, who had alleged on an Oprah Winfrey interview that an unnamed member of the Royal Family had enquired as to how “dark” her son Archie’s skin would be. Meghan also claimed she was feeling suicidal while pregnant, but when she reached out for help she was ignored. Piers has always maintained he does not believe these allegations. During his fiery debate with Ros, Piers was grilled on his explosive GMB exit. "I chose to leave because it turned out, they didn't tell me this at the time, but it turned out that Meghan Markle had written to Dame Carolyn McCall the night before I was invited to apologise or leave, demanding my head on a plate,” he claimed. "I was told either you issue a public apology for effectively disbelieving Meghan Markle because I had disbelieved what she told Oprah Winfrey or I had to give up the show which I loved. "So if ITV wants to try and play semantics about this, let me be very clear, that is what happened and what they didn't tell me and which would have been interesting to me as part of the general debate, they didn't tell me Meghan Markle had personally contacted Dame Carolyn. "I believe from what I was told [Meghan] used phrases like 'We're both women, and we're both mothers' I mean as if that has something to do with it. "So I felt that the way I was handled at the end was a shame given how supportive ITV had previously been." Ros replied: "Well, they say they didn't want you to leave, and they say they defended your right to free speech but on the issue..." DON'T MISS...‘Utterly cynical manoeuvre’ John Cleese lashes out at Tories Will and Jada Smith could face 'one of ugliest showbiz divorces ever'Johnny Depp's doctor says he 'cut own finger off' after blaming Amber Piers interjected: "Well, no, hang on, they didn't, let's be clear if they had defended my right to free speech, then I wouldn't have been asked to apologise or leave my job. "What happened was OFCOM then later came back and defended my right to free speech." Ros shot back: "But OFCOM also said with reference to some of your statements about not believing Meghan Markle had had suicidal thoughts they said 'OFCOM were particularly concerned about Mr Morgan's approach to such an important and serious issue and his apparent disregard for the seriousness of any expressing suicidal thoughts.' "We also heard from the charity Mind saying it was disappointed and concerned that people, when they share this, need to be treated with dignity, respect and empathy. "Presumably, you would agree that you didn't treat Meghan Markle with respect at that moment?" he asked. "I just find her, I'm afraid, a witness that I find very uncredible," Piers responded. He claimed there was “not a shred of evidence” to support her claims, and said his journalistic tendencies led him to question if she was being truthful. “When I watched it, I felt she was being an actress spinning yarn after yarn to cause enormous damage to our royal family and institution of the monarchy, and I wasn't going to have it,” he added.