Cristiano Ronaldo is not with the Manchester United squad tonight as the Red Devils prepare to face Leicester in the Premier League on Saturday, according to reports. Ralf Rangnick's side are hoping to end the season with a strong push for the Champions League qualification places but might have to begin that quest without Ronaldo.  The 37-year-old has been one of the best performers in an otherwise disappointing campaign for United. After completing a blockbuster return 12 years after his departure to Real Madrid, Ronaldo has scored 18 goals across all competitions this term. His strikes have largely kept the Old Trafford outfit in the picture for Champions League qualification. United are four points behind fourth-placed Arsenal in sixth and need an excellent end to the season to qualify for the elite European competition. A failure to qualify for the Champions League next season could even throw Ronaldo’s future in doubt. It is unlikely that the Portuguese icon will settle for playing in the Europa League. JUST IN: Arsenal risk losing Lacazette to Barcelona as Catalans plot move But it now seems that United will have to cope without Ronaldo as they host Leicester on Saturday. According to the Manchester Evening News, the forward was not seen with the rest of the squad as they completed their final preparations. Rangnick often names a 21-man squad that is then cut to 20 to make up the matchday squad. There were apparently the usual number of 21 players preparing for the game without Ronaldo, throwing major doubt over whether he will feature against the Foxes. DON'T MISS...Romelu Lukaku 'contacts Inter and will take pay cut to leave Chelsea'Paul Merson explains why Arsenal should sign Wilfried ZahaLiverpool 'eye Valencia star Carlos Soler' as Jurgen Klopp plots move United have not had a league game for nearly three weeks having been dumped out of the FA Cup in the fourth round, while there was an extra two-week break for internationals. Ronaldo scored an incredible hat-trick in a dramatic 3-2 victory over Tottenham in the club’s latest domestic outing. Ronaldo played 180 minutes for Portugal in their two fixtures last week but surprisingly failed to score in World Cup play-off clashes against Turkey and North Macedonia. United team-mate Bruno Fernandes struck a brace against the latter to hand Portugal a place at the 2022 World Cup.   United announced on Friday that Fernandes has signed a new deal with the club, keeping him at Old Trafford until June 2026. Ronaldo will still have another year left on his own contract this summer, but some reports have suggested that he could seek a departure depending on various factors, including where United finish in the Premier League and who the club's new head coach will be.