Diane Abbott was challenging Home Secretary Priti Patel over her proposed immigration scheme that would see asylum seekers arriving in the UK being transported to Rwanda to have their applications processed. Ms Abbott noted Ms Patel's former party leader, and predecessor at the Home Office, Theresa May had confirmed she will not be supporting her policy. But as she referred to Mrs May, the Hackney MP was corrected by Labour Party's backbenches as she misnamed the former Prime Minister's constituency. Addressing Under-Secretary Tom Pursglove in the Commons, Ms Abbott said: "The minister claims that the Rwanda scheme will be a way of diminishing the small boats crossing the Channel. "But he will be aware that there is at least one member of this House who doesn't support his scheme. "And that is the member for Maidstone, who is a former prime minister..." She was then cut off as several MPs corrected her: "Maidenhead." JUST IN: Russian Su-33 fighter filmed 'dancing' towards ground after Ukrainian strike - VIDEO Ms Abbott resumed: "Maidenhead! Who is a former Prime Minister but also a former Home Secretary. "Can he explain to the House why he disagrees with his colleague? "And what makes him so sure that his scheme will not fall in the courts?" Mrs May last week said she would not be backing Priti Patel's scheme out of concerns the new processing strategy would separate families and cause trafficking to rocket. READ MORE: 'Terrors of the earth' Boris pledges brutal reprimand over 'misogynistic' Rayner brief  Mr Pursglove replied: "I have huge respect and admiration for my right honourable friend, the member for Maidenhead. "The bottom line here is that there is no one single intervention that will resolve this issue of itself, but we must strain every sinew. "We believe that this is an important policy intervention that will shift the dynamic, that will help to preserve lives. And that is a fundamental imperative. "You cannot put a cost on that. I am convinced that this policy will deliver along with the wider package of measures that we are introducing." He added: "I would encourage her to be in the right division lobby this week and pass the Bill into law."