Bruno Fernandes has given Manchester United a timely boost by signing a new contract with the club. The attacking midfielder has consistently been of the club’s best players since signing from Sporting Lisbon in January 2020 and has penned a deal worth £250,000 a week which runs until June 2026, with an option for a further year.    Fernandes has 49 goals and 39 assists in 117 appearances for United so far and is undoubtedly one of the leaders on the pitch for Ralf Rangnick’s side. While Harry Maguire is captain, Cristiano Ronaldo is the talisman up front and David de Gea the longest-serving player, it is Fernandes more than anyone who drives the team forward through his actions. There is plenty of uncertainty around United at the moment, with the club still yet to appoint a manager to take over from Rangnick this summer, or to clarify what the German’s consultancy role will actually entail. It is therefore good timing that Fernandes – the club’s most consistent goal threat and creative outlet in recent years – is committed to the team’s future. Fernandes’ determination and will to win is a defining asset of his game. United will finish this campaign without a trophy for the fifth consecutive season, so Fernandes’ words from January, before he had signed the new deal, will come as a relief.  JUST IN: Rodrygo 'is going to leave' Real Madrid with Liverpool in £34m race "My ambition is still the same," he told the club website. "I want to win trophies with the club. That will always be in my mind until the last day I am at the club. I don’t know when that will be but, until then, I will believe that I can win trophies with this club because I think we can and I think the club deserves it, the fans deserve it and also the players, we deserve to win a trophy. "Whenever that is, we have to do it step by step and understand we have those qualities but we have to understand how to do it, how to put everything together – the qualities and the intensity and everything.” Fernandes won the Sir Matt Busby Player of the Year award for his performances for United last season. This season has been more of a rollercoaster ride for the 27-year-old, but he still has nine goals and 12 assists in 37 appearances in all competitions. Despite appreciating individual prizes, it is trophies for his team that Fernandes really craves. DON'T MISS Glazers have made clever call as Man Utd explore Ten Hag appointment Man Utd board may let Ten Hag down after 'transfer say requested' Andreas Pereira's Man Utd exit takes fresh twist amid pay cut stance  "Of course, I think it’s always important to win individual trophies,” he said. “As a player, you always want to win the team trophies, the ones that count really, but obviously individual ones, for us, it’s really important to have these kind of trophies to lift you up. "It gives you confidence, to keep working hard, keep fighting and understand much more will surely come to you. You have to keep your way, the best way you can. I think, if you get that kind of credit, you have to know that the expectations on you will be higher and higher every day.” Fernandes’ comments were echoed by football director John Murtough after signing up the midfielder to a new deal. "Bruno’s work-rate, dedication and fantastic attitude are exactly what we want from a Manchester United player,” Murtough said. “He is the ultimate professional with many fantastic attributes to drive the high standards required to play for this great club. Bruno, like everyone across the football club, remains hugely ambitious and determined to deliver sustained success on the pitch to get us back to challenging for titles.” 