French President Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen qualified for the second round of the French presidential election as expected, with Macron winning 27.8 percent of the votes and Le Pen 23.1 percent. But last night, the gap between far-left Jean-Luc Mélenchon and far-right Marine Le Pen narrowed considerably as votes were counted. Ultimately, Mr Mélenchon failed to qualify for the second and garnered 22 percent of the votes. And his electoral base will be crucial in the second round, according to an electoral expert. Political analyst Brice Tenturier told French radio France Inter: “the key to the election is the voters of Jean-Luc Mélenchon.” “We are starting with a voting intention of 54 percent in favour of Emmanuel Macron: this means something like a classic left-right confrontation except that it is against Marine Le Pen.” “So, obviously the second round remains very open.” Ms Le Pen has thrown into doubt the outcome of the election, as she has been rising in the polls over the last few months while Macron has steadily fallen. The almost five percent gap that separates the two candidates in the first round shouldn’t deceive anyone, Mr Teinturier says, projecting the second round’s early results. “There, we would have three thirds. One third - 34 percent - would vote for Emmanuel Macron. 30 percent for Marine Le Pen and 36 percent would abstain.” “So, the dynamics of the inter-round are crucial and in Macron's favour, but nothing is decided.” “Nothing is decided?”, asked radio host Léa Salamé. “No, we can't say today that the second round would be closed, it is oriented in favour of Emmanuel Macron.” Mr Teinturier said. “But the argument of the second round is not going to be as easy as that for the Macronists.” READ MORE: ‘France is unhappy place like UK in 1970s - Paris is a foreign country’ Farage's verdict While Mr Mélenchon hasn’t explicitly asked his supporters to vote for Macron, he told his supporters three times that “you should not give any vote to Marine Le Pen.” Voter turnout will also be a decisive factor in the results of the second round. On average, about 80 percent of French voters head to the polls every five years. But this year, abstention rate could climb up to 30 percent. The main reason for this is Russia’s invasion of Ukraine that has moved to the top of the agenda, relegating the French presidential election to the background. DON'T MISS: ‘France is unhappy place like UK in 1970s - Paris is a foreign country’ Farage's verdict [REPORT]Brexit LIVE: Varadkar says UK 'caused huge disruption' to trade – Ireland unveils new plan [LIVE]Putin's doomsday 'Dead Hand' device fires 30 nukes at once and could obliterate West [REPORT]  The dynamic could favour Marine Le Pen who has tapped into people’s frustration in key areas like the rising cost of living and economic austerity. With soaring energy prices induced by the Ukraine-Russia war, the second round couldn’t come at a better time for the National Rally’s leader who’s been campaigning on reducing the cost of living over the last few months. She has emerged unscathed from accusations of links to Putin and the Kremlin. Another factor is the traditional national televise debate between the two candidates scheduled for April 20 – four days before the second round. TV ratings usually reach millions, and the debate can change the course of the election. Ms Le Pen paid the price of a poor performance in 2017 and lost the election with almost 34 percent of the votes.