Appearing on ITV’s This Morning, Martin Lewis said some Britons who pay by direct debit may have lready received their £150 Council Tax rebate. However, those who pay by cheque or other means will have to wait a little longer. Millions of Britons who live in Council Tax bands A to D will be eagerly awaiting a £150 rebate promised by Chancellor Rishi Sunak. Announced to help tackle the cost of living crisis, the £150 does not have to be paid back unlike the £200 energy loan. Speaking to Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield, Martin Lewis said: “Anybody in a band A to D Council Tax property should be expecting - some may have already had - a £150 rebate towards energy bills. “They did it via Council Tax as that’s a household bill and energy is a household bill.” READ MORE: 'This is so cruel’ TSB customer almost loses £8,000 in Amazon scam Mr Lewis continued: “If you’re in England you usually get the £150 paid into your bank account if you pay council tax by direct debit. “Which is why people who pay by direct debit should be checking if it’s in their bank account.” However, he warned Britons to be on their guard as there is a Council Tax rebate scam doing the rounds. He added: “Just as a quick aside on this - if anybody calls you up about this £150 rebate and is asking for your bank account details they are scammers!” DON'T MISS:Claim these 7 State Pension top-ups now - see if you're entitled [UPDATE]Man, 77, issues warning after being targeted for £6,000 in scam call [WARNING]Attendance Allowance to be replaced with new DWP benefit [ALERT] The Money Saving Expert founder reminded people that councils would not ask for these kinds of details over the phone. He continued: “Do not give your bank account details to anybody involving this council tax rebate over the phone.” Those who don’t usually pay by direct debit will have to wait a little longer. Mr Lewis added: “What your council will likely do is write to you explaining how to claim the rebate." He continued: “That’s what it should do for those people who do not pay their council tax by direct debit.” However, he did share his belief that councils are unlikely to hold on to the money if Britons do not make a claim. He added: "If you don’t then claim a rebate they will likely give it to you as a rebate on your bill.” Meanwhile, Britons who don’t live in band A to D properties should get in touch with their local authority if they are in financial difficulty. Each council has a Household Support Fund totalling £1billion to help residents through the cost of living crisis.    Each local authority sets its own rules so it is not possible to say who will qualify. However, If people can prove they are struggling they might be able to claim some of this money to help them pay their bills. Martin Lewis is the Founder and Chair of MoneySavingExpert.com. To join the 13 million people who get his free Money Tips weekly email, go to www.moneysavingexpert.com/latesttip This Morning airs weekdays on ITV from 10am. 