John Terry has urged Chelsea to do whatever it takes to convince Antonio Rudiger to stay at the club. The German defender is set to quit the Londoners in the summer when his current deal at Stamford Bridge expires. Speculation over Rudiger's future has rumbled on for months, with a host of top European clubs plotting to snatch the 29-year-old for nothing at the end of the season. It was confirmed on Sunday that Rudiger has already decided to quit the club - but Terry has called on his old side to cave into the defender's excessive salary demands. In a social media post, the former Chelsea captain claimed that the Blues will still have to shell out big money on replacing Rudiger. He posted: "give him 300k a week then, we will have to always [spend] 80-100 million to replace him and also give that player at least 300k a week and won't know how long it will take him to settle or if he even will." Blues boss Thomas Tuchel confirmed after the win over West Ham that Rudiger had already made up his mind to quit the club - claiming that Chelsea 'gave everything' to try and keep the wantaway star. But the German alluded that the current restrictions that the club are operating under as they await new ownership has hampered their ability to meet Rudiger's demands. READ MORE: Arsenal star Mohamed Elneny makes contract plea to Mikel Arteta Tuchel revealed: "Toni, the media is on it - he situation is that he wants to leave the club. He informed me of this is in a private talk. We gave everything - me and the club - but we could not fight anymore because of the actions. "Without the sanctions we would at least be able to carry on fighting, but out hands are tied. We don't take it personally. It is his decision... he is a key figure and will stay that way until the end of the season. But it is disappointing. "We will miss him a lot. He gives courage in the dressing room. The kind everyone is afraid of, but the kind to play 50-55 games at an outstanding level. He is a top defender in the last one and a half years for me. We then need to find another solution." In the wake of Tuchel's damning comments, a new report from ESPN on Monday revealed that Rudiger has agreed to sign a four-year contract with Real Madrid, although the Spanish giants and Rudiger's representatives are still thrashing out the specific terms. Manchester United had also harboured hopes of convincing Rudiger to remain in the Premier League, and were in the race for the contract rebel. The ailing side confirmed the appointment of Erik ten Hag as their new manager last week and are set for an extensive rebuild in the summer. However, they look set to miss out on Rudiger, who is poised to bring the curtain down on his five-year stay at Stamford Bridge by jetting off to La Liga in the coming weeks.