A chronic shortage of hormone replacement therapy (HRT) medication is ongoing in Britain, leaving more than one million women deprived of key treatments to cope with menopause. The treatment has been shown to significantly improve the quality of life for menopausal women, sparking concerns over the consequences of the nationwide shortage. These are the key reasons why HRT is in short supply, and how it will affect you. Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) is used to boost levels of the female hormones that decline as women approach menopause. According to the NHS, HRT typically uses both oestrogen and progestogen to help alleviate a host of symptoms associated with menopause, though there are some forms which only use oestrogen. This prescribed treatment can be used to help women cope with hot flushes, night sweats and vaginal dryness - all of which are thought to affect around 80 percent of menopausal women. READ MORE: Fatty liver disease: Warning signs of life-threatening inflammation  Manufacturing and supply issues have been blamed for the shortage of HRT in Britain, though the crisis has been worsened by rising numbers of women seeking out prescriptions for the treatment. Prescription numbers in England have doubled in the last five years, rising to more than 500,000 a month. The latest monthly figures from OpenPrescribing show that nearly 538,000 prescriptions for HRT treatment were issued in December 2021, compared with 238,000 in January 2017. According to the Independent, shortages are primarily affecting Oestogel, manufactured by Besins Healthcare UK, as well as other products including FemSeven Sequi patches. While the acute shortage has worsened in recent weeks, Caroline Nokes, Conservative MP and chair of the women and equalities committee, said that demand has been growing over “several years”. Speaking on BBC Radio 4’s Women’s Hour, she said: “We shouldn’t be reduced to swapping HRT in car parks. “This is about making sure that we have consistency of supply because this isn’t an unexpected spike.” Ms Noakes added that women have been ignored for far too long when it comes to the menopause, while many have been prescribed and misdiagnosed with other conditionsShe said: “For a menopausal woman this HRT is as important as insulin is to a diabetic.” DON'T MISS:BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent admits she can 'see change' in Louise [REVEAL]Doctor recommends eating fermented foods during menopause  [INSIGHT]All women need a Gwyneth Paltrow menopause coach, says VANESSA FELTZ [COMMENT] According to the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE), more than one million women in Britain are currently using some form of HRT. Speaking to the Times, Labour MP Carolyn Harris, chair of the government’s menopause taskforce, said about 30,000 women use Oestrogel which is at the heart of the current shortages. The short supply will leave the majority of women looking for alternative medications, or forced to find ways to access a new prescription to cope with symptoms. In some cases, women reliant on HRT have previously reported experiencing suicidal distress after suddenly being deprived of treatment, underlining the importance of resolving the present crisis. the British Menopause Society (BMS) has urged women to go to their GP if they are unable to get their normal HRT prescription. In a statement released by the society on Monday, the BMS recommended that women struggling to obtain Oestrogel should ask their GPs about “equivalent alternative HRT preparations”, including 0.5mg or 1mg of Sandrena gel or Lenzetto spray, to boost oestrogen and progestogen. Dr Alona Pulde of leading nutrition app, Lifesum said: "The current shortage is forcing women to ration their doses, get private prescriptions and access new supplies from abroad. "Some women are also changing how they eat to ease some of the unwelcome symptoms associated with the menopause." To help ease symptoms of the menopause, Dr Pulde reccomended two key dietary changes which can help women cope with both mood swings and menopausal weight gain,while they are unable to access HRT.  Protein-rich foods that contain tryptophan, an essential amino acid, plays an important role in mood regulation. Dr Pulde said: "Tryptophan helps to manufacture the neurotransmitter serotonin, which is particularly important during the menopause. "Good sources of tryptophan include tofu, nuts and seeds (particularly peanuts), oats and legumes (particularly soy). Fruit is also a good source of tryptophan, including apples, prunes, pineapples, bananas, kiwis and plums." Foods high in fibre, andn rich in vitamins, minerals, antioxidants and phytochemicals help to optimise your health and regulate your hunger signals. Dr Pulde reccomended eating plenty of: 