Recent photos show the Duke of York on top of a dark brown horse while riding alongside a younger rider who appeared to be sitting on a smaller horse of the same colour. It comes after the Queen is said to have met with her 62-year-old son for an early morning meeting. However, it is not known what the meeting was about. The royal has been staying out of the limelight since he paid an out-of-court settlement to his accuser Virginia Giuffre in February. Andrew's settlement was not an admission of guilt over the claims, which he has repeatedly denied.  But the Duke has been spotted out in public life more and more recently since his controversial appearance at Prince Philip's memorial service last month when he escorted the Queen to the service. The photos of Andrew out riding his horse come less than two weeks before the publish date of the Palace Papers book, which details revelatory stories about Royal Family members. Extracts from the book include stories of Prince Andrew's friendship with the late paedophile financier Jeffrey Epstein, as well as Ghislaine Maxwell and other controversial characters. The book, out on April 26, is also expected to dive into Prince Harry and Meghan’s shocking decision to step back as senior royals, as well as other scandals, love affairs and revelations that have rocked the monachy over the last twenty-five year READ MORE: Inside Princess Sofia of Sweden's 2,600 square feet royal villa Andrew's appearance at the thanksgiving service for his father, Prince Philip, was the first time he was seen at a public event since the settlement. Earlier this year, the Queen's middle son was forced to step down from his royal duties and relinquish his HRH title leading many to believe there would be no chance of him stepping back into public life. DailyMail reported one senior royal source saying: "Regardless of the outcome, he has ruled himself out of any public role by virtue of his appalling lack of judgment and poor choice of friends and associates." DON'T MISS: Queen given fake hand for when arm tires during royal engagements [INSIGHT]Queen secures victory for Jubilee horse race [COMMENT] ‘Lost in admiration’ Princess Anne amazes with 20 engagements [VIDEO] However, after his prominent position at last month's Westminster memorial service, there has been speculation the Duke could return to public life. Despite expectations that the Duke would be taking on a low-key appearance at the memorial event, he was centre stage as he helped the Queen down the aisle and took a seat in the first row. Questions were raised over the Duke's future position in the Royal Family after the very public reappearance. 