 The much-loved naturalist returns to screens this evening for feature length documentary ‘Dinosaurs: The Final Day with David Attenborough’ on BBC One at 6:30pm. WIth help from palaeontologist Robert DePalma, Sir David will bring to life, in unprecedented detail, the last days of the dinosaurs. In a prehistoric graveyard, Mr DePalma discovered astonishingly well preserved fossilised creatures that could change our understanding of dinosaurs, and how they became extinct. Using brand new evidence from the uncovered site, the programme will detail minute by minute the day an asteroid bigger than Mount Everest devastated the planet and caused the extinction of the dinosaurs. Sir David is widely regarded as a national treasure and considered television royalty for the seven decades in which has carefully documented the wonders of the natural world. Of course, in that time the veteran broadcaster has also had a number of dealings with the Royal Family and is even said to have developed a friendship with the Queen. However in 1969, when Sir David was BBC controller, he was deeply critical of the broadcaster’s director, Richard Crawston, for making an unprecedented, all-access royal documentary. Read More: 'Quite painful' Harry set to snub Jubilee as Queen'   At the time, Prince Philip commissioned a programme entitled ‘The Royal Family’, which gave the public a rare insight into the Firm’s life. It was one of the most intimate insights ever into the day-to-day goings on of the Royal Family, showing footage of the Duke of Edinburgh grilling sausages at Balmoral, and Her Majesty making small talk with former US President Richard Nixon. However, it was only aired once before being locked in a vault, never to be seen in its entirety again. According to Ingrid Seward’s book ‘The Queen and Di: The Untold Story’, Sir David predicted that the programme would be damaging to the Royal Family, and wrote to the BBC on the matter.  Sir David reportedly wrote: “You’re killing the monarchy, you know, with this film you’re making. “The whole institution depends on a mystique and the tribal chief in his hut. “If any members of the tribe ever sees inside the hut, then the whole system of the tribal chiefdom is damaged and the tribe eventually disintegrates.” Royal expert Ms Seward added: “It was a warning which was ignored and in retrospect, the programme came to be seen to have been given fateful encouragement to exactly the kind of intrusive behaviour the Royal Family were at such pains to avoid.” Don't Miss:Princess Anne’s tour may fly under radar ‒ but she ‘prefers it'[OPINION]Princess Anne’s secret affair with now-husband Timothy Laurence[INSIGHT]Meghan Markle should be stripped of royal title: ‘Long overdue!’[ANALYSIS]   The royal expert added that the monarchy had “never quite come to terms with the power of television or appreciate[d] its need to reduce its subject matter to the level of a sound bite”. Throughout his career Sir David has continued to have professional and social dealings with the Royal Family. In 1985 Sir David received a knighthood from the Queen for his services to television. Then in 2020, at the age of 94, the broadcaster was knighted for a second time for his commitment to conservation. From 1986 to 1991 Sir David also produced Her Majesty’s annual Christmas addresses. One year the environmentalist even went as far as to pick out the Queen’s outfit for the Christmas programme. Her Majesty is said to have not been best pleased after Sir David requested she swap out an acid green dress she had chosen herself for a brown one instead. According to Hello! the Queen reportedly said: “There is no pleasing you people from the media.  “I am told by one lot that I have to wear something colourful so I can be seen in a crowd. “And then you come along and tell me I have to wear something pale and nondescript.” ‘The Queen and Di: The Untold Story’ was written by Ingrid Seward and published by HarperCollins in 2000. It is available here. Watch ‘Dinosaurs: The Final Day with David Attenborough’ on BBC One at 6:30pm.