Half of the beaches in Spain's Malaga province are at “serious risk” of sand loss according to a report from the Secretary of State for the Environment. Another 40 percent are at moderate risk. Coastal erosion is one of the biggest threats facing the Costa del Sol as the region is so reliant on tourism. Ángel Muñoz Cubilla, of the Ministry’s Coast and Sea Protection department, said: “The coastline is receding in Malaga, like most of the Spanish coast, although that doesn’t mean it is going to disappear tomorrow, however, it is losing sand.” The secretary of state called for stabilisation works to start in order to protect the coast from damaging erosion. The region is currently undertaking urgent work to deal with damage caused by recent storms in the area. READ MORE: Flight attendant says Starbucks is 'easiest way' to get free upgrade The repair work is expected to cost around 2.1 million euros (£1.7m) to get the beaches in good condition for the summer season. Work will take place in Marbella, Benalmadena, Mijas and the seafront in Rincón de la Victoria. Fuengirola also suffered damage in the stormy weather which led to floods and broke some cafes’ furniture. Experts have called for defence measures to be taken to protect the coast from rising sea levels. Spain’s Costa del Sol region is extremely reliant on tourism and any damage to beaches could be a serious problem. Coastal erosion causes sand to be picked up and transferred to deeper waters or another coastline. This makes beaches shorter and lower which can eventually lead to them disappearing completely. Sadly, many top tourist destinations are facing serious threats from climate change currently. Australia’s Great Barrier Reef is the largest coral reef system in the world but is threatened by rising sea temperatures. Rising temperatures have caused coral bleaching which turns corals white and can even cause them to die. In 2020, a survey by the Great Barrier Reef Foundation found that 60 percent of the reef’s coral had died as a result of mass bleaching. The Dead Sea is also under threat from climate change and is shrinking at a rate of about three feet per year. The therapeutic landmark could be completely dry by 2050 if measures aren’t taken to protect it. Spain’s Balearic islands are home to Posidonia Oceanica, a seaplant which is sometimes known as the ‘lungs of the sea’. The plant is under threat from tourism and boats’ anchors often drag it from the seabed causing extensive damage. Tourism authorities on the island have taken measures to defend the grasses by boats from anchoring in protected areas.