I bought mine in central L'viv on the first stop of a 30-hour journey to get from Krakow, Poland, the forward base of aid to Ukraine, to Kyiv. It normally takes four hours from London. A colleague's car has been remotely immobilised by the rental company for departing Poland for a war zone, and he is in talks with his insurers. We reached a hotel short of L'viv just before curfew. The air raid siren went, which I took to be for real after the oil depot bombing two hours ago. I was joined in the basement by Olesya, the receptionist, on her 24-hour shift. We sat alone for a while. I asked how many guests were in the hotel and why she was here. "70. I am here because I have to be if a guest is. "I am your most cowardly resident, then? So it would seem, Sir." We agreed that I go to my room, and she can sleep under her reception desk before laying up for breakfast. Gen Z is the right stuff here. The country is now 'dry', and you eat what you are given in many places. Vegetarians and gluten-intolerant should pass. Borscht – a meat stew - and bread are the new kale. The oligarch joints are shuttered. Phone cover is patchy. Cyber attacks disable the rail network for hours at a time. In L'viv next morning many enjoy the sunshine and ignore the sirens. Nataliya, a retailer, is married to a Kyiv policeman. "It means a lot that we are not alone. Thank you so much." Many of the supermarkets have been shut, serving as reception centres for refugees. 35,000 a day now, and each day they arrive with smaller bags in a greater rush. We take a 12 hour sleeper-train with a Soviet style ´babushka´ old lady ruling each carriage, and bed bugs ruling each bunk.  No water. In Kyiv, there is a two-day full curfew, then shortly cancelled. I am lodged in a flat abandoned by a mother and three children. Of the four bedrooms, three are littered with toys in a snapshot of sudden evacuation. Dishes in the sink. It is on the 11th floor, as all the lower vacant apartments are full, as everyone has moved down the tower block to be nearer the basements. In the town centre, the 5-star hotels have been commandeered, some with little effort to pretend they are other than centres of state operations. The streets are nearly deserted by day, air raid sirens frequent but ignored by the few in the cobbled avenues and stunning Habsburg architecture. Many buildings are decorated with sandbags, though there is no evidence of bomb damage in the central districts. The roadblocks are frequent and might stop a Chelsea tractor, but not a T80. The military are younger, greener, of two sexes. There is no country on earth in which a British passport is viewed so kindly. Air raid sirens and distant gunfire come about four times each day. The ATMs empty quickly, and many are empty. Kyiv is full of troops, women of all ages carrying AK47s and often medical packs, and surgical scissors in their webbing. Americans are among volunteers heading to the front. Jim was in Armoured Recon in Afghanistan and Iraq, and has left seven children by his childhood sweetheart in Montana. He has signed up for six months with the American International Brigade, the only one which doesn´t take its recruits´ passports. Jim says not to use his real name as his landscaping business clients don't know he is here. He has left his wife to run the firm and home alone. "We knew I couldn't stay after what we saw on TV." The paintball wannabees have all left. The Foreign Legion, some 20,000 of them, is closed to new applications - save those with extreme skills - and undergoing combat training, often by outside contractors and advisers. They are here for the long term. The application age for Ukraine fighting men went from 60 to 65 last week. Returning home, on a train of women and children, we pass convoys of trains coming in laden with aid, one with Soviet-era light tanks, all heading East.  Photography of anything like this is forbidden, and phones are taken off you if caught. The train arrives on time at a crossing point for refugees in Poland. For the first time, the refugees see soldiers who are not armed.  The female border guards smile and wave at the children, and reach their arms out to hug them.  A 16-year-old would-be computer scientist is going to Canada to complete his studies. "But I will fight the Russians with cyberattacks every night."