 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has pledged to extend the ULEZ from the inner boundaries of the north and south circular roads across all 33 boroughs by May 2024. New proposals include adopting a “three-ring” road-charging system split up into zones, akin to the London Underground zones.  The plans are from business lobby group, London First, who helped to devise the congestion charge. It proposes ditching the congestion charge and replacing it with an identical £15-a-day levy to enter the centre of the capital. A £2.50 levy would be charged for the “inner ring” up to the current ULEZ boundary and a £1.55-a-day charge to drive in the outer ring. The smallest fee would be equal to a bus fare and would be measured between the A406/A205 and M25 motorway. READ MORE: Police seize car owned for 45 minutes  It is estimated that the inner and outer zone charges would raise about £400million a year which would be reinvested into public transport and road repairs. London First said a zonal system would be easy to understand, quick to introduce and could vary in cost depending on each vehicle’s emissions. Lower charges in the suburbs would reflect the comparative lack of public transport alternatives in outer London. Sadiq Khan had previously called for a road pricing system to be introduced in the capital to charge drivers based on where and when they drive. DON'T MISSUproar over push from Greens to ban second cars [INSIGHT]Drivers could be fined £1,000 this summer for not using air con [WARNING]Furious locals set up fake speed camera to catch out tourists [SHOCKING]  This would make London the first world city to introduce a pay-per-mile system of road-user charging by the end of the decade. There are fears, however, that this project could face political setbacks and potential funding issues. Adam Tyndall, programme director for transport at London First, said: “This builds on the infrastructure that already exists. “The idea is to build a simple, understandable system that people can trust.  “ULEZ is fantastic for tackling air quality but it doesn’t address congestion or how we need more investment in the transport network, and could be redundant in five years. “The Mayor’s vision of rolling the [Congestion charge and ULEZ] into a single distance-based scheme is great but this would be a way of doing that sooner. “There is going to be a big conversation over the next year and beyond. This is our contribution to that.” Drivers crossing all three boundaries would have to pay each levy, but motorists who need to drive daily could have their costs “capped”.  This would generally affect small businesses, with the cost cap being compared to daily and weekly limits on regular Tube and bus travel. The research warned that the switch to electric vehicles would help with pollution, but “do nothing” to solve the city’s gridlock issues. It said a system of zonal charges and price caps “might not be the perfect solution” but if it were to be effective, it could be the best solution. A spokesperson for the Mayor said: “Transport for London will shortly be consulting on proposals to extend the ULEZ London-wide. “TfL welcomes any views that will help inform this process.” This data from London First comes before a consultation on the ULEZ is expected to start at the end of next month.