Meghan Markle, 40, received criticism when she took it upon herself to lobby Republican politicians to include paid parental leave and a climate policy by the US Government. The Duchess of Sussex called senators Shelley Moore Capito and Susan Collins on a withheld number and told them who she was when they answered. US commentator Lee Cohen has claimed it "wrangles" Americans that Meghan appears to be "trading off" her Duchess title. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Cohen said: "They performed exactly as one would expect for who they are. "In that role, that's probably an appropriate place for them. "But where the Sussexes the couple and in particular Ms Markle wrangle many here in the US as well as in Britain is when she uses her royal title. "As a scholar and enthusiast of the British monarchy, I hold a view of the monarchy's benefits that many American countrymen don't share. READ MORE: Owen Jones blasts the Queen as 'WRONG' on Andrew "Nevertheless, most of us can spot opportunists and it is plain when Ms Markle offers political opinions using her platform of fame, she is trading off the title that she gained through marriage but then stepped away from. "She and Harry rejected real and meaningful royalty for superficial Hollywood fame." Meanwhile, royal commentator Hilary Fordwich pointed out that Meghan is unelected and should not be in the position. Speaking to Newsnation, Ms Fordwich said: "On the American side of things, we didn't elect Meghan Markle. "She's not elected. "The democrat has said there are going to be more phone calls than just those two. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [ANALYSIS]Queen health update: Monarch facing two issues - they're 'not medical' [VIDEO] "She said, I gave out more numbers of senators, there may be more phone calls. "She added that Meghan Markle is going to be in a group of people working on how long this paid family leave should be. "We didn't elect her. Who wants her to be in that position? "That's an issue for Americans to decide."