British Airways has cancelled more than 64 scheduled flights to and from Heathrow and easyJet has axed at least 32 flights today, April 11. Luton and Edinburgh have also been affected by several cancellations and Manchester and Leeds airports have advised travellers to arrive three hours before their departure times to avoid queues. An airport security expert has revealed a few ways travellers can get through security quicker. Security expert and CEO at Get Licensed, Shahzad Ali, said: “The airport queues are down to a number of factors, but the main one is due to lack of security personnel. "This causes major issues, especially when security is vital in almost every sector." He explained how to avoid long queues: "Don't arrive too early. One strategy is to turn up early, however, this adds to the pressure of the first departure wave which can cause extra delays." READ MORE: Stewardess on Russian oligarch yacht asked to make 'dolphins jump'  He continued: "Prepare. It makes it so much easier and quicker for security if you prep your carry-on luggage and remove any restricted items. "Wear sensible shoes (slip-on are the easiest) and remove any jewellery, belts and glasses. Also, make sure you have your liquids in a clear plastic bag. "Take an extra 10 minutes to prepare your bag and make everything quicker for yourself and security," he advised. Shahzad also recommended "making sure your clear plastic bag isn't covered up by anything in the tray". If it's seen to be covered or looks like it is hidden inside a bag, travellers are more likely to be stopped and checked. "Make sure your clear plastic bag and belongings are separate in a tray," he advised. Shahzad said it is important to "hold back the yawns". "Excessive yawning, whistling or even too much laughter has been reported as just a few reasons why you could be questioned by security, but of course, it depends on the officer," he explained. The security expert also recommended paying for the fast security lane: "You can often pay for fast-track security which is around £4 (check your departure airport’s website you are travelling from for the most recent prices). "Keep in mind that airports often cap the number so it doesn't always accelerate the process." He advised travellers to speak up if they have "a valid excuse and are in need of getting through quicker". "Just ask as you may be allowed to jump the queue. You might not, however, get sympathy from the others in the queue." The expert revealed how to spot the "right queue". He said: "Believe it or not, business travellers usually get through security quicker as they have less baggage. "When picking a queue try to keep an eye out for business flyers. "Often if there is more than one security officer at an x-ray machine chances are one is a trainee, so the line may go a little slower," he explained.