 The Queen met with the President of Switzerland Ignazio Cassis at Windsor Castle on Thursday. Her Majesty took a week off from official duty to celebrate her birthday on the Sandringham estate.    The Royal Family Instagram account shared a picture of the Queen standing unaided alongside the President and his wife Paola in the Oak Room at Windsor. Royal fans took to social media to praise the Monarch and compliment her blue and grey paisley-style patterned silk dress as many said, “the Queen is looking great!” followed by heart emojis. The Queen teamed her dress with a sapphire and diamond brooch she inherited from the Queen Mother that has a bow made of sapphire and 16 small diamonds made to look like a bunch of grapes. Others added: “Our steadfast and gracious Queen Elizabeth! I love Her Majesty’s tenacity and love of service.”   Another said: “Queen Elizabeth II looks great! I love the smiles! I must admit that I love the design on her dress too! I’m so glad that she’s doing good! Sending a digital hug her way.” The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations begin in June and it is hoped she will be able to attend the events put on in her honour despite recent mobility issues that have impacted her ability to attend engagements. The Palace has suggested that it should be thought that the Queen will not be attending events unless specified nearer the time or on the day. READ MORE: Algeria ready to CUT Spain's gas over furious Morocco dispute  It has also been released that the Monarch will be accompanied by another member of the Royal family when she does appear at these engagements. The State Opening of Parliament is in under two week’s time and it is hoped by Palace aids that the Queen will be able to attend, though it will not be confirmed until nearer the time. Royal sources revealed to The Mirror that the Queen spent her birthday rest treating herself to time with her beloved horses as she visited the Royal Stud on multiple occasions, and this is why she may appear “refreshed and revitalised”. DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew be stripped of York dukedom? (POLL)British holidaymakers furious at 2-HOUR Spanish airport queues (INSIGHT)Mercedes admit making crucial error which impacted Lewis Hamilton (REVEAL)   One of the Jubilee Events that the Queen is said to be especially keen to attend is the Epsom Derby, in which one of her own horses is competing. Other Jubilee events include the Trooping of the Colour, beacon lighting, a concert at Buckingham Palace, a ceremony of thanksgiving and a Jubilee Pageant in London. Members of the public have also been encouraged to do what the Brits do best for royal occasions and throw street parties. 