Fans of Peter Kay were delighted to learn of his return to the stage, especially now that more tickets have just been released for his upcoming Dance For Life shows in Manchester and Liverpool. However more laughs could well be in store for those choosing to join comedian Peter on his newly launched Instagram account. Previously, he'd taken to Twitter to share the news with almost 770,000 existing followers. "Peter is now on Instagram please give him a follow [at] his new official account https://instagram.com/peterkay_co_uk," the tweet read. Unfortunately for London-based fans, his forthcoming show at Alexandra Palace on April 29th is completely sold out. However those located further north will have better luck in booking coveted tickets to see him live, as more have been released for the Easter weekend in Manchester, on April 15th (Good Friday) and April 16th. READ NOW: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show The same applies to his Liverpool concerts on August 19th and 20th at the Space by M&S Bank Arena. All profits for the shows, billed as "the dance-a-thon party that will change lives", will be donated to research by Cancer Research UK in a bid to fight the deadly disease. Peter's broad grin and irresistible antics have proved a hit with fans, helping him to fill more than 75 arenas since 2016. Now he is in high demand again, with Twitter user @JayneHo97365869 replying to state: "Was only thinking about you yesterday and wondering how you were and if we’d ever see you doing the Arena tours again?? "I hope you are ok. You are the best comedian and I hope you are soon back doing live shows. Meanwhile @k8tesk9 celebrated with the words: "Put the big light on, he’s back!" Most comedians have been out of the spotlight for the past couple of years, outside of virtual appearances and posts on social media, due to the devastating impact of coronavirus on the entertainment industry. However Peter's absences have extended beyond that, with the much-loved star having been away from the stage since 2017. READ NOW: Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row Will Smith ‘refused’ to leave Oscars ceremony after slap, says Academy Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim  He cited "unforeseen family circumstances" as the reason for pulling out of a pre-Christmas tour that year. The following year, he made merely the briefest of appearances in the name of charity at a screening for his Car Share series. It wasn't until August 2021 when he made anything resembling a comeback, but delighted fans gave him a standing ovation when he arrived at Manchester's O2 Apollo to complete charity Q&As. "I've never in my life had a standing ovation when I came on," the star joked of the dramatic reaction after his long absence. He then shot back cheekily: "I'm going to go away for four more years." However, the latest shows - along with the launch of his new Instagram account - point to the idea that he could be making a full comeback. For his devoted fans, the news couldn't have come sooner. Peter has also confirmed that he is penning a new autobiography, despite having previously released one, titled The Sound of Laughter, 15 years ago.