 John Fury refuted claims he will fight on the undercard of Tyson Fury vs Dillian Whyte, labelling the talk "bulls**t". Tyson Fury will face Dillian Whyte at Wembley Stadium on April 23, and it had been rumoured that his former boxer father might be involved in the action. A sellout crowd is expected for the event, as the Gypsy King defends his title against Whyte in what promises to be an enthralling all-British bout. To add to the intrigue, his younger brother Tommy Fury is also on the undercard and set to fight Daniel Bocianski. There have been rumours that three members of the Fury family might end up in action on the night. John Fury is a former professional boxer who won more fights than he lost in his heyday, and also has experience as a bare-knuckle fighter. But he has dismissed the idea of stepping back into the ring for this fight, just a few weeks before his 58th birthday. "Total bulls**t," he said when asked about the rumours by Metro. "What the hell would they want a 57-year-old fella on the undercard for?" JUST IN: Dillian Whyte finally fulfils 'Clause 11' of Tyson Fury contract" He went on to add: "It's a young man's game. We are here to sell fights but this fight doesn't need selling, especially with the likes of me. This one speaks for itself, it is going to be a cracking fight." The rumours had been fuelled by the heavyweight champion himself, who had claimed that he was trying to arrange for his father to fight at Wembley. "I'm trying to get John on the undercard to be honest. We're still working on that," he said last month. "Frank [Warren] is working very hard behind the scenes, it's not been announced but I'm just going to give you a little sneaky preview." He later went on to say that his dad would definitely not be fighting promoter Eddie Hearn, as "my dad would chin Eddie Hearn in one round, within 30 seconds". DON'T MISS:Tyson Fury has new opponent on standby in case Dillian Whyte withdrawsDillian Whyte shares criticism of Tyson Fury undercardAnthony Joshua vs Oleksandr Usyk 'delayed as talks restart over date' Despite this latest claim that professional boxing is not for people of his age, Fury Snr has talked about a return to the ring in recent times. In 2020, after Mike Tyson announced an exhibition fight against Roy Jones Jr, he made it clear that he would like the chance to go toe-to-toe with 'the baddest man on the planet'. "I'll fight Mike Tyson, he's making a comeback," he said. "I know he mentions my boy's name every five minutes, but here I am, John Fury is hiding from no man, not even the king of the old men Mike Tyson. I will fight Mike Tyson – I will not be denied, I will die in a fight."