Sharing her story, Burke said that she has suffered from the common condition for years, divulging embarrassing symptoms that made her “nervous to perform on stage”. However, it wasn’t until the star triumphantly took part in SAS: Who Dares Wins back in 2021 that her symptoms came to a head. The NHS explained that IBS is a common condition that affects the digestive system. Causing symptoms like stomach cramps, bloating, diarrhoea and constipation, it can cause embarrassment and take over some people’s lives. Speaking about taking part in the gruelling Channel 4 survival show, Burke said: “I loved it. You never knew what was going to be thrown at you. "It taught me to take things one moment at a time and not worry about what's in front of you. "It's changed me as a human and my friends and family turn to me and say I'm a different person." However, throughout the show, Burke was dealing with pain and bloating due to her disorder, something that she sought help for soon after she returned home. She added: “I struggled with IBS symptoms for years, which made me nervous to perform on stage.”  READ MORE: Dwayne Johnson health: 'The Rock' actor was left 'crying constantly' due to depression  “Diabetes has completely affected my attitude to health, it's impacted the way I look at fitness, food… everything really. “I'm cautious about what I eat because that plays such an integral part in making sure it stays out of my life. “I watch what I eat and I exercise regularly." Although there is no physiological overlap with IBS and type 2 diabetes, working with a nutritionist may help individuals know what they should eat and more importantly, what they should avoid.  For Burke however, one thing that she has labelled as “life-changing” is Symprove - a water-based probiotic that delivers billions of live and active bacteria to the gut. Having been recommended the probiotic by her GP, Burke said that her symptoms have completely disappeared. She said: “I can honestly say that the pain and bloating have completely disappeared. Symprove gave me back my daily happiness and confidence. “I’m very passionate about the impact it can have on people’s lives. Hopefully I can help others who are struggling with gut health.” The product Symprove works by delivering healthy bacteria to the gut, helping it to survive, multiply and colonise within the environment and reducing the effects that IBS has on individuals.  Taking probiotics such as this is recommended by the NHS as one of the general tips to help relieve IBS symptoms. Other tips from the medical body include the following: Avoiding “high gas foods” such as carbonated and alcoholic beverages may help to relieve specific symptoms such as bloating, as well as cutting out or limiting foods containing gluten to stop diarrhoea. In some severe cases, medication such as amitriptyline and citalopram may help to ease symptoms. As these are antidepressants, they may take a few weeks to start working, but should target symptoms often triggered by stress or stressful situations. Symprove is a water-based probiotic, which delivers four unique strains of bacteria that reach the gut alive. To take control of your gut, visit Symprove.com 