Ben Shepard has seen a lot of things while hosting ITV's game show Tipping Point, but one guest on Wednesday's instalment of the show tried an unorthodox method to try and win the jackpot. Stepping up to the challenge of trying to take home £10,000, Rita, Ian, Alice and Ivan battled it out, with Rita coming out on top.  Starting strong, Rita was a general knowledge force to be reckoned with. Ian was the first to face the chop after only securing £100 in the starter round. Alice was next to face the chop, and after a ropey battle between Ivan and Rita, her £1,250 winnings beat Ivan's £1,000, with him next to leave the stage. Viewers of the show were quick to point out how often the contender spoke to the machine, flipping between kind remarks to tough love. Read More: Ozark season 4 theory: Sam to attack Wendy as fans work out major trailer clue    The audience at home weren't the only ones, as when Rita finally clenched the jackpot in the last few minutes, an elated Ben said: "You have charmed the machine, and you have charmed us." As she progressed further into the game and the coins became more and more important, she said: "Don't you dare ride" when the coins started to stray from their intended trajectory. She continued: "You have to speak harshly to it." Also adding that the machine had "met" its "match."  After a successful coin drop in the closing few stages, she added: "It didn't ride, it didn't dare, it knows what is good for it." On her unusual method fan @answer_me_this8 tweeted: "Usually annoyed by contestants who talk all the time. But Rita is excellent. "When she says 'don't you dare', the machine listens. #tippingpoint" @HasanHussain380 was impressed with this new strategy and commented: "Never thought shouting at counters and calling them 'children' would help you get the jackpot! #Rita #tippingpoint #ITV." DON’T MISS…Which The Last Kingdom characters are based on real people? [LATEST]‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show [LATEST]Derry Girls writer claims Brexiteers 'didn't know what they were voting for' [LATEST] @DavosLan said: "Woman on the #TippingPoint is talkin to the machine like it's her dog!!" (sic) @W59Sharon had enough and said: "OMG she's annoying. Come on children!" [Crying laughing emoji] #tippingpoint (sic) @TinyPurplePug added: "Aw f**k brace yourself people we're gonna have to endure more "come to mummy" talk #tippingpoint." (sic) Although she managed to bag just over £3,000, she decided to take the trade in hopes of knocking the jackpot coin out of drop zone four. If she won, she planned to buy a hot tub and possibly a pygmy goat. The second trade counter managed to knock the golden counter down the shoot and the £10,000 jackpot into her pocket. Ben added on her victory: "You've been a thrill to play alongside." Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV.