The Spirit of Britain vessel was detained by the Maritime and Coastguard agency but has since been cleared to sail. P&O Ferries caused chaos when the company fired many of its workers in a shock announcement. New tickets for the Dover-Calais route became aviialble on the website on April 25 but are no longer possible to buy. Spirit of Britain was cleared to sail on Friday after being detained by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency.  READ MORE: How to get cheap train tickets: Hidden deals for the ‘best price’ There have been widespread protests from unions and former workers in Dover about the company’s behaviour. Passengers with cancelled trips were offered alternative travel on another operator for some routes or a refund. The P&O Ferries website states: “We are still experiencing some disruption however we are working to minimise the impact on your journey. “Any customers booked to travel on a cancelled P&O Ferries Passenger Service who have not been transferred to another operator by us, can receive a full refund.” The last update from the company on Twitter said that services remain suspended on the Dover to Calais route on Monday April 25. An update on the website said: “All services remain suspended. All foot passenger/bicycle bookings remain cancelled until further notice.” The mass sacking also caused chaos for passengers, many of whom had journeys cancelled or disrupted. At the time, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps, wrote a letter to the P&O boss saying the Government would not stand by. He tweeted: “My letter to P&O boss makes clear that the Government will not stand by while the requirement to treat seafarers with due respect and fairness is brazenly ignored.” P&O Ferries recently resumed its service between Cairnyan in Scotland and Larne in Northern Ireland. Sailings were disrupted for several weeks following the mass redundancies and protests.  P&O boss, Peter Hebblethwaite, has admitted to MPs that he broke the law by not consulting workers about the redundancies. The company was recently accused of trying to cut the wages of its new agency staff. Some crew are paid just £748 a month to work on P&O Ferries which is just £4.30 per hour. Mr Shapps has said he would like to refuse access to British ports to ferry companies who don’t pay a fair wage.