Dan Walker paid tribute to his BBC Breakfast colleagues last night ahead of his move to Channel 5. The 45-year-old will be the lead anchor of the recently re-launched hour-long 5pm news bulletin. Last night, Dan admitted his co-stars and the crew members are what he will miss the most from his BBC role. In an Instagram Q&A, Dan prompted fans to send in their questions for him. When asked what he is set to “miss most” about BBC Breakfast, Dan penned: “That’s an easy one… “The people (both on and off screen).” Along with his reply, Dan shared a picture of himself posing with some of his co-stars and colleagues, including Carol Kirkwood and Naga Munchetty. The news of Dan’s departure came earlier this month, with Channel 5 announcing the presenter's new role in a Twitter post. On April 4, Channel 5 revealed: “Some news to share with you all from us at  @5_News. "@mrdanwalker will be bringing you the news at 5pm every day from now on. "And he's got something to tell you all - watch his video down below." The tweet featured a short one minute video with the news anchor explaining the “massive” move. Dan said: "Hello, Dan Walker here. I have a little bit of news for you. "In the next few weeks, I'm going to be leaving BBC Breakfast and moving to 5 news and Channel 5 DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [LATEST]Nick Knowles ‘rages’ at backlash over new partner 'Wealthier than me!' [UPDATE]Stacey Solomon issues apology over 'unrelatable' swimming pool update [INSIGHT] "I am really excited, but this has also been a massive decision for me." After praising his co-star Sally Nugent, Dan added: "Channel 5 came with big ambitions, with big plans, and I don't think opportunities like this come around very often and I can't wait." Director of Content for Paramount UK, Ben Frow, then commended Dan’s experience in broadcasting. He said: “Dan Walker joining the Channel shows that Channel 5 attracts leading talent. "Dan is a renowned broadcaster and we’re looking forward to seeing him not just fronting 5 News but bringing his experience to programming across Channel 5 as we continue to develop and grow our output.” Meanwhile, Daniel Pearl, Commissioning Editor, at Channel 5 (VP) said: “We’re delighted that Dan Walker is joining the fantastic team at 5 News, as an anchor he will be instrumental in the success of Channel 5’s News output as it continues to grow and evolve.” Dan is set to join Claudia-Liza Vanderpuije, who co-hosts 5 News, which is produced by ITN. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.