Older people in particular have been impacted by the sharp increase in bills, which has made heating their homes and buying food a difficult task. Susan, 63, discussed the challenges she is facing. Susan, previously worked at a local school, but only has a small personal pension and will have to wait three more years to get her state pension. A so-called WASPI (Woman Against State Pension Inequality), Susan’s state pension age was increased from 60 to 66. With money tight, she explained the lengths she has to go to in order to reduce her spending. Speaking to ITV, Susan said: “At the most, I would spend £20 a week on food. READ MORE: Attendance Allowance recipients get up to £145.60 more - how to claim “I'm very careful, I don't go shopping every week, I just go shopping when I need it. “If somebody else is going, I hitch a ride with them so I don’t have to put the petrol in. “I live very, very cheaply.” Susan has been forced to return to work, doing 16 hours a week at a local church and helping to run a low cost food pantry. DON'T MISSBenefit expert shares how to receive £350 per month for mental health conditions from DWP [INSIGHT]Premium Bonds: NS&I explains how to 'further' chances to win up to £1million prize [BONDS]Lloyds Bank warns Android users of new scam tactic: 'Could be any kind of app!' [WARNING] Without the part-time job, Susan said she “most certainly wouldn't be able to pay the bills". Those bills, particularly her energy bills, are continuing to rise, an issue which many people across the country are facing. She explained: “My gas and electric bill has just come in, and it's actually doubled from £61 to £120. “I won't be putting the heat on as much as I did. “I think all in all, I'm going to have to find an extra few hundred pounds a month.” Inflation in the UK currently stands at seven percent. That figure represents a 30-year high, stretching back to 1992. The most recent figure was 0.8 percent higher than the 12 months to February 2022, when inflation was 6.2 percent. Even if Susan was able to claim her state pension, it may not provide much relief. This is because the most recent state pension increase is far below the rate of inflation. The state pension increased by 3.1 percent on April 11, 2022. When the increase kicked in, it was exactly half the rate of inflation, and with a higher inflation rate announced in recent days, it has fallen even further behind.