This is intelligence and most of it comes from our Government Communications Headquarters, or GCHQ. Based in a huge doughnut-shaped complex outside Cheltenham, GCHQ, among other things, is the great watcher and listener of our espionage array. High in Inner Space, out of reach of telescopes and missiles, cameras and recorders roll through the ether at exactly the same speed as earth, thus remaining stationary over any spot they are wanted. Gazing down, they record everything beneath them and it is beamed straight back to GCHQ. Thus we know what the Russian elite is doing and saying. And it is all getting very heartening. It seems the citadel of supporters and sycophants inside which Vladimir Putin is accustomed to live may be crumbling. Enraged by the failures in Ukraine, his predictions of rapid conquest in ruins, the dictator is blaming everyone but himself. Two or three intelligence chiefs appear to be under house arrest; ditto one or two top generals. Privately, we hear them becoming more and more angry at the utter mess Putin has made of his campaign and the way he is now blaming them. Even lifelong sycophants turn eventually th haoha ca and seek to save themselves when the tyrant can no longer be rescued. It looks as if this may be happening to Putin; sick and bloated, perhaps not wholly sane, he remains dangerous because in his dying desperation he could launch poison gas or even nuclear weapons. But will the generals and scientists who control these monsters obey him? I really suspect that we are quietly in touch with them already, preparing for the day when the arresting officers walk into the Kremlin. Just two days after you read these lines the French go to the polls for the first round of their presidential election. They always have two rounds. An all-candidates round and a fortnight later the run-off between the two highest scorers in round one. Let's just bother with four hopefuls. President Macron is in the lead but not by much and the six-to-seven point lead has been narrowing in a manner that has badly worried the Élysée Palace. Behind him is veteran nationalist campaigner Marine Le Pen. The other two are ultra-Rightist Eric Zemmour and ultra-Leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon. In realistic terms, neither are going to become president of France. But the key is this: where will their voters switch to? Le Pen's poll ratings have risen and risen. Unlike Zemmour she is not slagging off Muslims - that's a big vote in France. The working class seems to have switched towards her - like a French Red Wall crumbling and moving from a hard-line socialist like Melenchon to a die-hard conservative. So Emmanuel Macron may win on Sunday, but a fortnight later? It could be enough of the voters for the other two on Sunday will go Le Pen rather than Macron during the fortnight between the two votes. Now that would be interesting because Macron is a fanatical fan of the EU and France's place (as he sees it) as effectual leader thereof. Le Pen regards it with a very large pinch of salt. Interesting times across the Channel. The ruination of Scotland's public transport networks seems set to continue without let or hindrance. SNP boss Nicola Sturgeon swells with pride as she nationalises Scotland's rail franchise under the name of ScotRail. This despite the less than glorious record of the ferry services and Prestwick Airport which went the same way some time ago. As the SNP has a swamping majority in the House in Edinburgh there is none to say her nay.  On ferries, the SNP rides out the scandal of two ferries commissioned years ago from Ferguson Marine on the public tab. This company was also nationalised. They are expected to be finished next year, five years late and way over cost. The SNP pressed ahead with that contract despite the yard removing standard clauses in the contract that would have protected the public from loss. At that time Scotland's ferries company warned it was too risky to proceed. They were ignored. The kilted taxpayers have had to put up £43million in loans to Prestwick Airport in Ayrshire, nationalised in 2013. The SNP put that back on the market in 2019 but then took it off again. ScotRail has been run since 2015 by the Dutch firm Abellio but during Covid and its savage restrictions on movement, trains ran empty, followed by criticisms over cancellations and performance generally. The Abellio contract has ended so the government can run it. Changes are not on the menu apart from removal of the Dutch livery. With everything that moves running at a loss, one wonders how deep those sporrans will have to be to pay for it all, and the precedents of Ferguson Marine and Prestwick Airport seem to give little reason for the taxpayers to indulge in a highland fling. The only flinging in prospect is of more of their bawbees into the abyss.  There must be few pseudo-religions that inspire such fanatical obsession as the desire of a diminishing but still very influential cabal to inveigle us back into the EU, if necessary by the back door or any other door available. The fact that we voted by clear majority years ago to recover our national sovereignty rather than continue our subservience to Brussels deters them not. They just keep on trying and some of them are in very high positions. Among those to join the struggle are Sir David Lidington, now elevated to boss of the Royal United Services Institute - a leading defence think tank. His vehicle is the EDU, the European Defence Union, about which President Macron of France is so passionate because he hopes to control it. This would mean subjecting our armed forces to overseas control. Sir David and others, it seems, are seeking to urge the Government to join it. Fortunately the idea of control of these still-world-class armed forces remaining ours, within the ambit of the Special relationship with the USA (Biden will not last forever) and Nato, has its defenders. One of these, now prepared to speak out, is Lord (David) Frost, pictured, our impressive Brexit negotiator who chose to quit high office on a point of principle. The sooner this patriot with a lot of bottle is brought back to put some spine into our trembling regime the better.  Have you ever noticed, when a TV thriller programme ends and the credits are screened, that they just go on and on? I am constantly amazed at the scores and scores of technical assistants it seems to need for a film involving mainly interior shots of actors talking to each other with, perhaps, a few exteriors in the British countryside. No foreign locations and no exotic scenery. Some sets must look like Wembley on Cup Final day just for a brace of actors to talk under the instructions of a director. But as an old rustic I really wish they could include someone who knew about guns. We are frequently shown a doublebarrelled shotgun which is then called a rifle. We are shown a single bullet retrieved from the corpse which has clearly died from a blast of pellets at point-blank range (all special effects of course.) So next time an armourer on the filming team would be nice. 