Another day, another Wordle puzzle, and this time it's a tough one. If you need help solving the latest Wordle puzzle for April 5, then Express Online is here to help, courtesy of three spoiler-free hints and clues further down the page. If you still can't figure out Wordle 290, head to the bottom of the page, where you can find the answer. Good luck, and remember to keep the answer to yourself. The aim of Wordle is to figure out a mystery five letter word in just six attempts. To succeed you'll need to pay attention to the colour of the tiles after each guess. After making a guess, the letter tiles will change to one of three colours. If the tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. If you really want a challenge, Wordle features a hard mode, which bans players from guessing letters that have already been ruled out. It's risky, however, because if you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the next day for a new Wordle to be released. Read on for the Wordle 290 hints for April 5, followed by the answer further down the page... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'RAISE' is a good word to start with, while 'TOUCH' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 290 hints and clues for April 5... 1. Wordle 290 starts with the letter N. 2. Wordle 290 contains just one vowel, although it appears twice. 3. It's got something to do with childbirth. If you're still struggling with Wordle 290 for April 5, then check out the answer below. The answer to Wordle 290 on April 5 is 'NATAL'.