Incorporating house features to make properties stand out from others has never been more important as the number of residential properties being sold in England last year increased by 10 percent, according to the Office for National Statistics. However, it is difficult for homeowners to know where to start, as there is no point adding features that would not appeal to potential buyers. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Charlie Avara, Managing Director of All Done Design has shared a few ways homeowners can add further value to their property. She sugared focusing mainly on bathrooms and kitchens. Charlie said: “When investing in features that add property value, I always recommend focusing on bathrooms and kitchens as these are often the most used rooms in the home and if you choose to sell, will be the ones that any potential buyers will be looking at. “If possible, always install a downstairs bathroom with at least a toilet and sink so that guests can use this bathroom without having to traipse through the rest of your home. READ MORE: Property for sale: ‘Beautiful features’ that add house value “It’s a relatively inexpensive feature but is something that is guaranteed to add value to your home. “To add even more value, installing a shower room downstairs is also beneficial for guests, particularly those who struggle with mobility issues.” The property expert noted she is always asked whether it is best to have a bath or walk-in shower in the bathroom, and she recommends installing a bath. Charlie said: “Of course, if space allows, I will always suggest both; keep a bath in the main bathroom and a walk-in shower in the second. DON'T MISS: Window cleaning: How to achieve 'streak-free' windows - ‘magic’ [COMMENT]Cleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls [EXPERT]Garden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [TIPS] “However, if you are limited on space and must choose between one or the other, I recommend keeping the bath. “If you ever sell your property, a bath caters for a wider range of buyers as is often popular with families who have younger children, and an over-bath shower can easily be installed at a small expense. “Keeping the bathrooms neutral adds value too as they are more likely to suit everybody’s taste.” As well as focusing on the bathroom, kitchens play an important part of the property value. After all, they are known as the “heart of the home”. The interior expert said: “A kitchen is often described as the heart of the home and often plays an integral part in the value of a property. “A well installed kitchen that will last for years to come is a sure win when it comes to increasing property value. “When choosing a new kitchen, functionality and clever storage is key.” Whilst renovating a property, many people forget about the frontage of the house, but this is something that should always been considered and adds value to your property. The property pro said: “From ensuring the brickwork is in tip-top condition through to keeping the paint fresh, these are both ways to increase your property’s kerb appeal.” Charlie also shared she considers flooring as “a solid investment”. She said: “I have always found that wooden flooring adds more value to a property than carpet as it is easier to maintain. “Often when selling or renting the property, the new buyer or tenant will prefer the cleanliness and fresh feel of a clean wooden floor over used carpet.”