Former Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has questioned why Alexander Zverev was not given a harsher punishment for his "outrageous" meltdown at the Mexican Open in Acapulco. Zverev was withdrawn from the singles tournament after smashing an umpire's chair with his racket. The 24-year-old was playing a doubles match with partner Marcelo Melo against Britain's Lloyd Glasspool and Finland's Harri Heliovaara, with a spot in the quarter-finals on the line. After Zverev and Melo lost third set 10-6, the German lost his cool and launched into an X-rated rant at the umpire before smashing his chair with his racket. After losing the match, Zverev was fined £30,000 ($40,000) and forced to give up his £24,000 ($31,570) prize money and his ranking points earned in the event as well as pay his hotel costs. He was also slapped with a suspended eight-week ban and a £19,000 ($25,000) fine after an ATP investigation. However, Bartoli believes Zverev "deserved at least a three tournament suspension". Speaking to Tennis Majors, Bartoli said: "To see Alexander Zverev just going out and smashing his racket so close to the umpire and almost just wanting to attack him, staying in that fine line where he didn’t touch him and can defend himself, to me that was outrageous. JUST IN: Federer and Nadal 'sportsman' attitude 'boring' in Zverev comparison "That to me deserved at least a three tournament suspension, not play Indian Wells, Miami and Monte Carlo, it deserved that at least, otherwise where do you draw the line? The fine was a big amount for normal people, but for tennis players such as Alexander Zverev who earns so much on and off the court that was not that much – I don’t think he will learn the lessons he should have learned." Zverev has called the incident the "biggest mistake" of his career and admitted it was "embarrassing". Speaking last month, he said: "It still is embarrassing for me now. Walking around the locker room, it's not a nice feeling. "I've been doing work, meditation-wise," he added. "I think there are stress situations in everyone's life where stuff like this happens. I'm not the first, I won't be the last for something bad to happen on the court. "I know who I am as a person and this doesn't reflect on me. I had played until 5am the day before – the same day I went back to play doubles. I am somebody that gives it his all on the court. "I think a lot of top singles players would have maybe come out to the doubles court and if they would have lost the match, they would have been fine with it. I would have never physically harmed anyone."