NBC’s long-running crime series Law and Order hit the screens with another instalment of the procedural hit. After an episode which was focused on gun ownership, viewers took to social media with praise for the network.  This year, Law and Order made its long-awaited comeback to screens with season 21 after the show came to an end back in 2010. Following its finale, its spin-off Law and Order: SVU took the reins and earned the title of TV's longest-running primetime show in the United States. Thankfully for the loyal fans, Law and Order returned with familiar faces as well as new characters to solve high profile crimes. This was the case in the most recent episode titled ‘Legacy,’ when the team were called to investigate a murder at a school. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy Henry Gleason was found dead in his office and when Detectives Cosgrove (played by Jeffrey Donovan) and Bernard (Anthony Anderson) gained access to security footage, it had been erased. During the investigation, they discovered a teenager had hacked into the system to gain access and by identifying the IP address, the team were able to locate the 14-year-old’s home. In Dylan’s (Pierson Salvador) room the detectives found Gleason’s nameplate and the trophy for the girl's lacrosse team. Although he denied having anything to do with the murder he revealed he stole the video to avoid getting caught. After finding some footage of the day, they spotted a boy running who was later identified as Cooper (Christopher Bailey) who said another student Bennet (Stephen Moran) pressured him into a fight and when he showed up, Bennet had a gun. As Gleason walked into the classroom, the gun went off and the teacher was shot. The episode took a turn during court proceedings when the teenager testified against his father who gifted him the gun then stated he felt pressured to “be a man” and wanted to make his father proud. As a result, viewers took to social media with praise for the network for highlighting the dangers and importance of gun ownership in the United States. DON'T MISS...Jennie Bond details why royals will NOT stand with Prince Andrew [INSIGHT]Law and Order SVU theory: Carisi set for life-changing decision [THEORY]Law and Order delay sparks backlash as NBC fails to air new episodes [REACTION] @Melloftheball tweeted: “This is why mental health needs to be a more important conversation when we talk about owning weapons!!” Another fan @FolkToe added: “Legal doesn't mean it's not the murder weapon.” While others were pleased the father was also to blame and was eventually found guilty of supplying his emotionally unstable son with a weapon. @JamesSemaj1220 shared: “Douche Daddy as an accomplice to murder, I like it.” In agreement, @ngozi_nnaka tweeted: “Charge the dad!” @AnnaFS100 wrote: “That dad just played on his son's emotions and it's so sad he has that big of a grip on him.” While another fan added: “I agree with the prosecutor, Dad's behaviour was abusive & neglectful.” Law and Order is available on NBC in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 