The UK and its allies are calling for Russian President Vladimir Putin to be brought to justice as evidence of war crimes in Ukraine emerges. It comes after the discovery of hundreds of dead civilians near Kyiv. Mass graves were found in areas that Russian soldiers had occupied but have since withdrawn from, including Irpin and Bucha, north-west of the capital. Graphic images of the dead left on street corners or in front gardens emerged on Sunday, shocking the international community into calling for those responsible to face justice. In some cases Ukrainians, including children, appeared to have had their hands tied behind their backs and been executed. Others who were thought to have attempted to flee were found beheaded. Britain and its allies have since vowed not to rest until Putin is held accountable for war crimes. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said this week: "Russia's despicable attacks against innocent civilians in Irpin and Bucha are yet more evidence that Putin and his army are committing war crimes in Ukraine. "We will not rest until justice is served." Putin's ruthlessness was evident long before the invasion of Ukraine. While this has served to deter political opposition for the most part, it has also created an environment in which some have tried to try to commit violent actions against the president. In 2017, Oliver Stone conducted a series of interviews with Putin titled, 'The Putin Interviews'. He asked Putin about attempts made on his life, and mentions that former Cuban leader Fidel Castro also faced assassination threats. Putin then talked about a conversation he once had with Castro on the subject of assassinations, and said: "Yes I talked to Castro about that. "And he said to me – 'you know why I'm still alive', I asked him 'why?' "He said 'because I was always the one to deal with my security personally'." Mr Stone then asked Putin: "What is your fate, sir? Do you know?" READ MORE: Putin taunted over Ukraine as US highlights Russia's failed war aims Putin replied: "Only God knows our destiny -- yours and mine." Mr Stone then asked: "To die in bed, maybe?" The Russian President said: "One day this is going to happen to each and every one of us. “The question is, what we will have accomplished by then in this transient world, whether we'll have enjoyed our life?" To what extent Putin has come close to assassination attempts is unclear. In 2012, reports claimed that Chechens were trying to kill Putin with a roadside bomb, but an opposition figure accused the Kremlin of playing up the threat ahead of an election. Yevgeniya Chirikova, a leader of the protest movement that brought tens of thousands of people onto the streets of Moscow calling on Putin to quit at the time, said: "This is part of a clear election campaign. "It's to bring attention to Vladimir Putin, and to develop this idea that there's a threat everywhere. It's a spectacle." DON'T MISS' Abandon now' Russian mum urges son to quit army as morale in tatters Have your say: What should we do as Putin's army commits atrocities? British farmers face extra £760m bill as Putin BLOCKS key exports Putin's press secretary described such statements as "blasphemous". His critics allege that a series of apartment block bombings on the eve of his first election in 2000 were orchestrated by the Kremlin to boost the then unknown politician's popularity, rather than by Chechen rebels, as claimed. A similar assassination attempt on Putin was allegedly foiled on the day of Russia's presidential election in March 2008. Moscow said that a man was arrested near Red Square with a rifle which he said he planned to use to kill Putin. Recent events in Ukraine have left Putin fearing for his life, according to Russia expert Fiona Hill. The former US National Security Council official recently told NBC News that Putin is "paranoid" about a potential assassination attempt. She said: “Any kind of loose talk about somebody taking him out, regime change – he believes we’re in that business anyway. "He looks at what the US has done, he says it openly all the time – in Libya, in Iraq, in Afghanistan, and many other places where we’ve intervened and he looks at that and thinks, I’m not going to let that happen here in Russia. He’s extremely paranoid about this."