A plan by Ukrainian officials to evacuate thousands of Mariupol citizens has collapsed as Russian troops compromised exit routes. The Deputy Prime Minister of Ukraine, Iryna Vereschuk, revealed an “exit corridor didn’t work” meaning far fewer civilians were able to escape the city. Ms Vereschuk denounced Vladimir Putin’s leadership and accused Russia of having a “lack of control” over their military forces.   A deadline set by Russian officials for surrender has passed as Putin’s military forces continue to besiege the eastern city of Mariupol. A report by the BBC outlined arrangements by Ukrainian officials to evacuate “several thousand” Mariupol citizens. The Ukrainian city holds an estimated population of over 400,000 civilians and many remain trapped in the region under intense Russian attack. Much of Mariupol has been “destroyed” as Putin’s forces have launched “weeks of relentless Russian bombardment.” Journalist Simon Jones speculated that “Ukrainian forces may not be able to hold out for much longer.”    The evacuation plan was a partial success as reports have confirmed “some civilians have been able to leave the city.” However, Mr Jones announced the number of citizens successfully transported away from the city under siege was “far fewer” than Ukrainian forces had hoped to rescue. A humanitarian corridor was established as part of the evacuation plan but the effort was compromised by Russian military forces. Ms Vereschuk announced the “security situation is difficult” as Ukrainian officials battle to evacuate civilians confined to the city. Read more: Russian fury as conscripts allegedly died on warship    Despite the warning about Mariupol's evacuation efforts failing, Vladimir Putin was reported to have ordered his troops not to "storm" the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol – the last bastion of resistance in the eastern city. In a formal address, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky declared the situation in Mariupol is “as severe as possible”. President Volodymyr Zelensky was adamant the “occupiers won’t give up,” as Putin’s forces continued their violent assault on the Ukrainian city. The President claimed Putin has persisted in a “large-scale offensive” in the east of Ukraine in a desperate effort to achieve “some victory” for Russia. Russian military leaders demanded the Ukrainian resistance in Mariupol surrender by Wednesday, a deadline that has now passed as the defence continues the fight against invading troops. Don't miss:Mum of captive UK soldier in Mariupol begs Putin for 'her hero' back [REPORT]Ukraine forces beg as Russia close to occupying Mariupol [REVEAL]Former NATO commander rules out Crimea returning to Ukraine [VIDEO] Ukraine officials estimate around 6,000 citizens remain stranded in the city of Mariupol. The Azovstal steel plant in the city has offered shelter to an estimated 1,000 civilians alongside remaining Ukrainian military forces who continue to defend the city. The Ukrainian forces stationed in Mariupol have been praised by President Zelensky for maintaining their hold against Putin’s attack. Putin has reportedly cancelled plans to storm the steel plant and instead ordered his forces to “block off this industrial area,” sealing the struggling Ukrainian soldiers and Mariupol civilians inside.   