Covid case rates continue to soar near to record highs, despite the Government taking the decision to ease restrictions earlier in the year. Feeling “abandoned”, healthcare leaders are calling for the Government to revamp its ‘Living with Covid’ plan, as numbers remain at staggering levels across the UK. The Government’s ‘Living with Covid’ plan removed all legal restrictions in place as a means to treat the virus “like any other respiratory infection”. However, rates are still reaching overwhelming highs as NHS leaders of the Confederation report extortionate proportions of beds remain taken by Covid patients and staff absences with the virus. NHS Confederation chair Lord Victor Adebowale told Times Radio: “What we're facing here, is really quite alarming... and it's alarming in two ways. “One, a lack of acknowledgement that Covid is still with us. I was out with our members this week, and one NHS leader was telling me that 80 percent of the beds are currently taken up with COVID-19 patients. “It's the highest they've seen in two years, and he said the idea that Covid is over is just wrong. “And I'm talking to other leaders who say 70 percent of our elective theatres are occupied because of a lack of staff - some of this is Covid, and some of this is NHS staff shortages.”  READ MORE: Top NHS boss warns face masks and social distance could return  Do you think the Government should reintroduce Covid restrictions? Have your say in the comments. Some counties in the UK are still seeing numbers climb to over 7,000 recorded positive cases - and some regions collectively reaching staggering highs of 40,000, but which areas are suffering the most? Here are the areas in the UK with the highest number of cases reported in the most recent seven-day period. Hampshire, in the southeast region of England, is currently reaching highs of 7,825 recorded positive cases in the most recent seven-day period. Hampshire districts include areas Eastleigh, Fareham, Gosport, Hart, Havant, New Forest, Portsmouth, Rushmoor, Southampton, East Hampshire, Test Valley, and Winchester. The South East is actually reported to be the region that has suffered the highest number of cases since the start of the pandemic of all, with an overall total of 2,952,546.  Falling just below is Kent, another region in the southeast, which recorded 7,138 positive cases in the most recent seven-day period. Kent districts include Dover, Sevenoaks, Shepway and Thanet, the boroughs of Ashford, Dartford, Gravesham, Maidstone, Swale, Tonbridge and Malling, Tunbridge Wells, and the city of Canterbury. The county of Lancashire has reported 6,687 positive cases in the most recent seven-day period. Lancashire consists of districts West Lancashire, Burnley, Chorley, Fylde, Hyndburn, Pendle, Preston, Ribble Valley, Rossendale, South Ribble, Wyre, and the city of Lancaster. Essex is currently reporting up to 6,140 positive cases in the most recent seven-day period. Essex includes districts of Basildon, Braintree, Epping Forest, Harlow, Maldon, Rochford, Tendring, Uttlesford, and the boroughs of Brentwood, Castle Point, Chelmsford, and Colchester.  DON'T MISS: The difference between Covid and hay fever sneezing [EXPLAINED]Britons are less likely to support new lockdowns, poll reveals [POLL]Covid deaths are higher at weekends than weekdays warns new study [ANALYSIS]    The county of Surrey comes in at fifth, currently reporting 5,217 positive cases in the most recent seven-day period. Surrey districts include Elmbridge, Epsom and Ewell, Guildford, Mole Valley, Reigate and Banstead, Runnymede, Spelthorne, Surrey Heath, Tandridge, Waverley and Woking. Hertfordshire is reported to be the sixth county with the highest number of Covid cases in the most recent seven-day period, with figures closely following Surrey at 4,919. Hertfordshire districts include East Hertfordshire, North Hertfordshire, Three Rivers, Welwyn Hatfield, Broxbourne, Dacorum, Hertsmere, Stevenage, Watford, and the city of St Albans. Devon is reported to be the seventh county with the highest Covid figures, reporting 4,876 positive cases in the most recent seven day period. Devon includes the districts of East Devon, Exeter, Mid Devon, North Devon, South Hams, Teignbridge, Torridge, and West Devon.  Staffordshire, in England’s West Midland region, reported 4,608 positive Covid cases in the most recent seven-day period. The county comprises the districts of Cannock Chase, Lichfield, South Staffordshire, Staffordshire Moorlands, East Staffordshire, Newcastle-under-Lyme, Stafford, and Tamworth. Norfolk is currently reported to be the ninth county with the highest number of positive Covid cases in the UK, with 4,592 positive cases in the most recent seven-day period. Norfolk comprises the districts of Breckland, Broadland, Great Yarmouth, King's Lynn and West Norfolk, North Norfolk, Norwich, and South Norfolk. Scotland’s City of Edinburgh has reported 4,100 positive Covid cases in the most recent seven-day period.  Glasgow City has reported 4,029 positive Covid cases in the most recent seven-day period. West Sussex, another county in southeast England, has recorded 4,108 positive Covid cases in the most recent seven-day period. The districts of West Sussex include Adur, Arun, Chichester, Horsham, Mid Sussex, Crawley, and Worthing. Matthew Taylor, NHS confederation chief executive said: “The brutal reality for staff and patients is that this Easter in the NHS is as bad as any winter. “But instead of the understanding and support NHS staff received during 2020 and 2021, we have a Government that seems to want to wash its hands of responsibility for what is occurring in plain sight in local services up and down the country.  “NHS leaders and their teams feel abandoned by the Government and they deserve better. “We have been promised a ‘living with Covid’ plan yet all we have is a ‘living without restrictions’ ideology.” To combat the staggering statistics, the NHS Confederation is calling on the Government to address them through a number of measures. They’re asking for honesty in Government messaging about the scale of the current COVID-19 impact; a renewed focus on mask-wearing in public spaces and isolating when unwell; a review of NHS infection prevention control measures; and additional funding to cover the direct costs of Covid, such as with lateral flow tests. 