Many were forced to abandon trips as more than 120 flights were cancelled, Channel tunnel services suffered three-hour delays and traffic ground to a halt. At Manchester Airport, passengers faced huge queues for the third day in a row, with angry families blasting a lack of organisation as they stood in the "world's slowest, longest conga line". One passenger wrote: "This is the current line for security at Terminal 2 this morning. What is happening?", while a second traveller said they had seen "customers and staff in tears". Police officers, as well as fire and rescue service personnel, could be drafted in to help tackle the madness at Manchester, Andy Burnham said. The Greater Manchester mayor is due to meet with the management of the airport to discuss the "concerning" situation, while one Manchester councillor claimed the chaos is down to a "failure of management". Mr Burnham said: "It's a difficult moment for airports around the world having laid low for the pandemic, they've had to scale up very quickly. We understand the challenges we've got." Manchester Airport apologised and said customer experiences fell "below the standard, we aim to provide". At Birmingham, holidaymakers said the ongoing disruption was "hell". Passenger Allie Mann slammed an "appalling" service after being stuck on a stationary plane for three hours due to there "being no staff". Long queues were common at Heathrow, as it noted passenger numbers were nearing pre-pandemic levels. Dave Dobson, 59, who was flying out of Heathrow yesterday, said: "I am anxious, worried and constantly checking for updates." Ken Dickinson, 74, added: "BA have been changing a lot of flights and when I look at my booking it says flights have been cancelled. It is ridiculous." Meanwhile, Eurotunnel warned motorists to expect delays after a train "temporarily stopped" in the tunnel linking England to France. The operator, which runs services from Folkestone, said journeys were delayed by up to three hours - as aerial images of the queues later proved. Travel from Dover was still in disarray due to the P&O Ferries suspension of services, after the sacking of 800 staff.