On Friday’s Lorraine, the Scottish host was joined by Ria Hebden on her self-titled ITV show as they discussed popular hit shows on the telly right now including Britain's Got Talent. However, the presenter was left stunned after an impersonator was shown in a preview clip, imitating her on the daytime programme. During the preview clip, the contestant addressed the stage in Lorraine’s accent and exclaimed: “Well hello, welcome back!” The impression triggered ITV judge David Walliams to burst out into laughter while he clapped at the performer. “Right, coming up, Mark Heyes has got some fashion tips for Piers Morgan. “It’s a blue suit with two key accessories,” the talent star quipped. READ MORE:Prince Charles ‘at end of tether’ with Prince Harry “Gaffer tape for the mouth and a paper bag for the head,” she chuckled while mimicking the actions of applying the tape. In her strong Scottish accent, the impersonator mocked: “That’s great, isn't it? That’s great.” Reacting to the sneak-peek clip, Lorraine looked mortified as she exclaimed: "Do I really sound like that?!" However, co-presenter Ria reassured her, saying: “You sound better than that.” Lorraine giggled: “Well, if I'm ever off she can come in and take over and nobody will be able to tell the difference.” Earlier, the pair discussed Amanda Holden’s controversial Golden Buzzer after the former This Morning host chose a star who had already made a success of her career. Ria began: "Amanda Holden pressed her buzzer recently, didn't she, for Loren Allred, who was just outstanding. “She is the voice behind Rebecca Ferguson's character in The Greatest Showman." But Lorraine was quick to point out to viewers at home: "So she's not exactly a newbie” Ria jumped in to defend the act, saying: "No, but I like that she's having her moment. “And then Simon buzzed for the comedian Axel Blake.” She added: “Comedians have done quite well off Britain’s Got Talent, I think... so fingers crossed for him.” Speaking about her favourite act for the Golden Buzzer, Amanda said: “None of us plan it, and that's why they're so authentic because they are heartfelt and you have to have that feeling. “I couldn't wait for mine to get to the end because I knew I needed to get that buzzer pressed before anyone else did it. “There were a lot of acts this year where I think each one of us would've gone, "I would've pressed it for that. ” She added to ITV: “I think all of us have got strong Golden Buzzer acts this year." Britain’s Got Talent airs Saturday on ITV at 8pm. Lorraine airs on ITV on weekdays at 9am.