Liverpool forward Mohamed Salah has been tipped to leave the club this summer if he refuses to put pen-to-paper on a new contract at Anfield. And if he does depart Merseyside, it would come as a huge blow to Erik ten Hag as Liverpool would then reportedly turn their attentions to Manchester United target Darwin Nunez. Liverpool have been trying to tie Salah down to a new deal for months but have been unable to meet his demands so far. And with his contract expiring in 2023, the Reds could allow the ace to move on this summer to ensure he doesn’t walk away for free. According to Diario AS, Salah’s departure would pave the way for the club to go after forward Nunez, who has been in scintillating form for Benfica this season. Nunez came face-to-face with Liverpool on two occasions earlier this month when the Reds came up against Benfica in the Champions League quarter-finals. The 22-year-old scored in both legs of that showdown. And Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has already admitted he is a big fan of the ace. “He's a very good boy,” the German said after the second match. I knew him before, of course, but he played well against us. He is strong physically, fast, calm at the finish. That's great. If he avoids injuries, he will have a great career.” READ MORE: Terry tells Chelsea to give in to Rudiger's demands ahead of exit Ten Hag is set to take the helm at Old Trafford in the summer following a disappointing season for the Red Devils. And United are said to currently be in the driving seat to sign Nunez because their incoming boss is a big fan of the youngster’s style of play. In fact, the 52-year-old has already told Red Devils chiefs to sign him as he has pinpointed the star as one player who can take the team forward. But Liverpool and United face stiff competition to land Nunez as their Premier League rivals Manchester City and Arsenal also want to sign him. And Spanish giants Barcelona and Atletico Madrid are circling as well.  Nunez has scored a staggering 33 goals in 39 appearances this season. And the Uruguay international, who has also bagged two goals in eight games for his country, could well excel at one of the top clubs in Europe if his form for Benfica is anything to go by. The attacker, who is contracted to Benfica until 2025, reportedly has a release clause of £126.5million. But his current club could be willing to let him leave Portugal for around £110m at the end of the season.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here