Jamie Carragher has claimed that Anthony Gordon is becoming a diver after the Everton starlet was cautioned for simulation during Sunday's Merseyside derby. The 21-year-old was booked after throwing himself to the ground in the first half of the fiery clash against Liverpool at Anfield. The incident occurred in the early stages of the match, when it appeared that Gordon was anticipating contact in the penalty area as he was closed down by Naby Keita. However, the Reds midfielder pulled out of the challenge - leaving referee Stuart Attwell with little choice but to take action. And Carragher - who was commentating on the match for Sky Sports - admitted that he'd noticed Gordon's tendancy to take a tumble in recent weeks. He said: "I've watched him the last few weeks and it's crept into his game. The referee was in a great position. Gordon jumped over Keita's outstretched leg. I don't think it was a penalty. There wasn't enough contact to bring him to ground." READ MORE: Thomas Tuchel confirms Antonio Rudiger wants to quit Chelsea - 'We couldn't fight anymore' Gordon has burst onto the scene at Goodison Park over the past 12 months and has evolved into a pivotal performer for the Toffees in their scrap for Premier League survival. The fleet-footed winger had bagged four league goals in 28 appearances prior to Sunday's meeting with Jurgen Klopp's side. The midfielder has come through the ranks at Everton, but the academy graduate was actually on Liverpool's books as a kid. The Reds released Gordon as an 11-year-old, a move which opened the door for the Blues to swoop in and snap up the talented teenager. Although Gordon has made the breakthrough this year, Everton's perilous plight in the league has soured the experience for the boyhood Toffees fans. The Blues are fighting for their lives under Frank Lampard - and they even started Sunday's derby match in the relegation zone after Burnley picked up a huge 1-0 win against Wolves to leapfrog their rivals. And Gordon admitted that he's found it tough to adapt to Everton's rollercoaster season, revealing that he's been left feeling "devastated for days" after a negative result. He told The Telegraph last month: “It has been a big year for me. But it is hard for me to really be happy and take things as a positive because I am going home feeling devastated for days after a defeat. “Family members are trying to cheer me up saying, ‘you played well’, but they do not understand that I am part of the team and losing. I am not a loser. I am a winner. So it is hard for me to take it as a positive.”