Fans of cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch have shared their salt hack for removing blood stains from pillows. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame after she began sharing her cleaning tips and hacks on TV and through social media. The cleaning star now has more than 4.4 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Followers of hers have now created their own cleaning groups on Facebook dedicated to sharing clever cleaning tips and tricks with one another, one of which includes how to remove blood stains from pillows. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips and tricks Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on the quickest way to remove blood stains from pillows. Jessica Louise Armour wrote: “Help! My little boy has stuck his finger up my nose causing a bloody nosebleed and it’s gone all over my pillow before I could stop it. “What’s the quickest way to remove blood please?” The haemoglobin in blood causes it to clot when exposed to air. READ MORE: Bleach cleaning hacks: Kitchen areas to avoid cleaning using bleach Kat Regan suggested: “Use cold water with some salt. I was skeptical at first, but the stain disappears instantly.” Laura Sharp commented: “Salt and cold water, my mum swears by it. My nephew had a huge nose bleed and it went all down his shirt. My mum used salt and water and it came right out.” Gemma Forbes advised: “Salt and cold water mixture. Then in circular motions with a sponge the stains should rub off. Got a tonne of blood off my son’s clothing. “When it goes in the washer, keep the temperature low. Keep it to 30 degrees or you’ll set the blood in with anything higher.” DON'T MISS: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants [TIPS]Patio cleaning: How to use tomato ketchup to clean patios - ‘amazing!’ [COMMENT]What to do with your daffodils once they've finished flowering [INSIGHT] Helen Peers wrote: “Lots of salt in cold water and let it soak for a couple of hours, then wash as normal.” Abbie Green said: “Cold water and salt always works. Also, if you can wash the pillow after on a quick rinse, that will get the rest of it out.” Lou Kerr agreed: “Add a pile of salt and water and it should suck it out.” Charlotte Brindle added: “Soak in cold water and salt, then wash it. The stains come straight out.” Helen Peers wrote: “Lots of salt in cold water and let it soak for a couple of hours, then wash as normal.” Abbie Green said: “Cold water and salt always works. Also, if you can wash the pillow after on a quick rinse, that will get the rest of it out.” Lou Kerr agreed: “Add a pile of salt and water and it should suck it out.” Charlotte Brindle added: “Soak in cold water and salt, then wash it. The stains come straight out.” Salt is brilliant for removing blood stains from pillows, bedding and clothing as it has strong dehydrating properties and will lift up the water and the blood. It can be purchased from Sainsbury’s for as little as 27p. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested switching the salt out for baking soda. Debbie Bolan said: “Baking soda works brilliantly on blood stains.” Fleur Shelton added: “Baking soda with cold water is excellent on blood stains.”