Tyson Fury, 33, faces a vicious battle at Wembley on Saturday as he seeks to defend his WBC world title as well as his undefeated record. His opponent, Dillian Whyte, 34, presents a formidable opponent, fighting for his first world title. The two have remained friendly in weigh-ins, but pundits are expected the gloves to come off as soon as the boxers step into the ring. But while fans await the clash with bated breath, Fury has hit headlines this week for a different reason altogether. In a candid episode of the Boxing News Online podcast, he opened up about the “mistakes” he’s made in his life, including cheating on his wife with “over 500 women”. He said: “'I'm a liar, a cheater, a proud, vain person. Everything that's bad I do or have done. We all make mistakes, don't we? “The only thing I ever regret in life is having sex before marriage. “If I could erase that then my life would be practically perfect. I regret all the filth that you do with people." READ MORE: Boxing tonight: Undercard, live streams, how to watch Fury vs Whyte He went on: “I must have had sex with over 500 women, more, I don't know, I've lost count. “I look at that now as pure disgusting. I'm not a religious person, but I like to help people and do good things. I'm stopping all the bad stuff. “I've packed in the drinking and going out. I can get up now, go and take the kids somewhere on a Saturday morning rather than being in bed till 12 o'clock.” Fury has been married to Paris, 32, since 2008, after first beginning dating at 15 years old.  The pair first met at a wedding of mutual family friends, and soon bonded over their lifestyle, both hailing from Irish Traveller heritage, which later led to Fury’s fighter nickname, Gypsy King. Both Fury and Paris grew up living traveller lives, Fury in Wythenshawe, Manchester, and Paris in Doncaster, South Yorks. The couple said their goodbyes after the wedding, but met again by chance on Paris’s 16th birthday, and have been together ever since. The young couple are said to have spent every weekend together, going ice skating and to the cinema.  Paris once said: “He was my first boyfriend as I was not allowed a boyfriend until the age of 16. He is the only boyfriend I have had. “Tyson would train in boxing during the week and then come and see me at the weekend. I would always be so excited at the thought of seeing him.” They married in 2008 at St Peter In Chains Catholic Church in Paris’s hometown in Doncaster. The couple were traditional and religious from the outset, only spending the night together once they’d wed, despite Fury’s recent revelations. Paris said: “Even after we got engaged, Tyson would sleep in a caravan at my parents’ home, while I slept inside the house.   “We didn’t sleep together until after we got married. That’s the traveller's way.” The couple now have six children and live in Morecambe, Lancashire. If Fury’s candid comments on the podcast came as a surprise to Paris, she hasn’t made it known. Her social media accounts show she’s in London with her husband ahead of Saturday’s fight, playing board games with Fury and his brother, Tommy, and attending Friday’s weigh-in. 