The Labour Party has been pushing to refer Boris Johnson to a privileged Committee over allegations that would see the Prime Minister facing the risk of being ousted for misleading the Parliament on breach of Covid rules. BBC’s Adam Fleming claimed “Boris Johnson won’t probably be referred to the Committee”, but the opposition will be looking at “which Conservative MPs voted for the motion” to prove that “lots of the PM’s own MPs are opposed to him”.   Speaking at BBC Breakfast, Mr Fleming said: “MPs will be voting on this motion to refer the PM to a committee. “[The motion will be used] to investigate whether [the PM] misled Parliament when he spoke about Partygate on previous occasions." Referring to the possible outcome of the motion, Mr Fleming added: “The Government is probably going to tell its MPs to vote against that motion. “And because [Conservatives] have a majority it probably means that it won’t go through." He added: “[Boris Johnson] won’t be referred to this committee. “In that case then there will then be the case to look at which Conservative MP voted for [the motion] and who didn’t just turn up. “Because then the opposition party will look at those people who didn’t vote for the government and will say ‘ah that proves that lots of Boris Johnson’s own MPs are opposed to him'." Mr Fleming reiterated: “This is a bit more complicated than an open and shut case”. READ MORE: Dog attack horror: Mother shares images of son  “But it does just mean partygate and the story we call partygate just carries on and on and on, sucking quite a lot of oxygen out of the atmosphere”, concluded the Chief Political Correspondent. The claims refer to Labour’s decision to secure a vote on Thursday on whether a privileged Committee should further investigate if PM Boris Johnson has misled the Parliament when talking about Partygate. Misleading the Parliament is considered a resigning offence under government rules. The Labour’s move in response to allegations of PM having misled the Parliament over covid restrictions beach, however, seems to be unlikely to success as the majority of Conservative MPs are believed to be voting against the motion and to be standing by PM Boris Johnson, as BBC Chief Political Correspondent explained. DON'T MISS: Brexit fury as Boris fails to help UK firms 'understand paperwork' [WATCH]EU nation becomes first in bloc to cut ties with Russian gas [LISTEN]'Stupid, stupid' Remainers erupt at airport queues [INSIGHT]  The claims follow the fury that the PM has faced in the Commons in response to partygate fine and Mr Johnson’s behaviour during Covid lockdown at 10 Downing Street. Speaking in the Commons, Mr Johnson reiterated his apologies and told MPs: “it did not occur to me then or subsequently that a gathering in the Cabinet Room just before a vital meeting on Covid strategy could amount to a breach of the rule”. “I repeat that was my mistake and I apologise for it unreservedly”, Mr Johnson added. Following Boris Johnson’s speech, Labour opposition Sir Keir Starmer openly called the PM’s apology “a joke” and “mealy-mouthed”. He also added: “If [PM Boris Johnson] has any decency, any dignity, he would not apologise, the would resign."  