The woman, 23, fell ill immediately after eating one of the sweets, known as gummies, at her home in Ilford, east London. She was rushed to hospital where she died four days later. A friend of the woman, 21, was also taken to hospital after eating a sweet – but was discharged after treatment. Police are connecting the cases with a separate incident in March involving a woman falling ill after taking edible cannabis in nearby Tower Hamlets. Some of the sweets have been recovered and are now being tested. Experts are investigating if the two gummies were from the same batch. Scotland Yard said the 23-year-old, who is not being named, ate the lethal sweet at her home in Ilford on Tuesday last week. She had bought the drugs via a messaging app on her phone and had them delivered to her address. The packaging featured the words "Trrlli Peachie O's". Hours before she died, officers arrested a man in possession of edible cannabis products and a large amount of cash. He has been charged with possession with intent to supply Class B synthetic cannabinoid, being concerned in the supply of a synthetic cannabinoid, and possession with intent to supply a psychoactive substance. Chief Superintendent Stuart Bell, from Met Police, said: "I must warn the public against taking any illegal substances, including those packaged in the form of cannabis sweets. "Please do not buy or consume these products. They are illegal and, because of the child-friendly packaging, they can pose a risk of accidental consumption. The particular batch of sweets were contained in packaging featuring 'Trrlli Peachie O's' branding. "It has not been confirmed at this stage where the sweets were manufactured. "Drug dealers harm communities and risk the safety of individuals. We will take positive action to target those engaged in this activity as well as those found in possession of these substances." A Scotland Yard spokesperson said: "Urgent enquiries are under way to establish the full circumstances and to identify any other cases where people have become seriously unwell after eating cannabis sweets, gummies and similar products. "Officers are aware of one potentially linked case in which a woman was taken unwell earlier in March after eating a cannabis sweet in Tower Hamlets. She was taken to hospital and later discharged. "Inquiries are ongoing to establish whether this sweet was part of the batch of sweets associated with the Ilford death." Parents have previously been warned about sweets laced with cannabis after they found their way into the hands of children. For example, two 13-year-old boys were taken to hospital in Merseyside in July last year after eating sweets. Detectives in Greater Manchester told parents to be on alert during Halloween season trick-or-treating. Anyone with information is urged to call police on 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.