Royal expert Jennie Bond has claimed the Queen has transferred significant royal responsibilities to her son Prince Charles as he takes on many duties traditionally held by the monarch. Buckingham Palace has announced the Queen will not attend the Royal Maundy service as the Prince of Wales and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall will represent the Royal family. Ms Bond warned the 95-year-old monarch has grown increasingly “frail” and her royal duties have become “too much for her”. The former royal correspondent revealed the Queen has prepared for “drastic” circumstances and would abdicate the throne if she were to lose “mental powers”. Ms Bond explained the Maundy service is traditionally a “big event” for the reigning monarch. She warned the long ceremony involves “a lot of standing on your feet,” which the Queen would likely struggle with given recent “mobility problems.” The royal expert sympathised that the Queen’s “spirit is willing,” but acknowledged her physical health “is a little bit weak.” As the Queen struggles with the demands of royal appearances, Ms Bond highlighted “Prince Charles is beginning to take on the Queen’s roles.” READ MORE: Inside the £239million castle where the Queen will celebrate Easter Bond claimed the British public is “witnessing the transition of many of the responsibilities of the monarchy.” Prince Charles, heir to the throne, recently represented the Queen at the annual Commonwealth Day service as she made the decision not to attend. The Queen is soon to turn 96 years old and the “decision not to go ahead” with numerous royal appearances has become increasingly common. While Bond outlined no clear plan for the Queen to abdicate, she did suggest the Monarch has in place an emergency plan for abdication in the event of a severe decline in health. READ MORE: I can't even look at them' Aussie host slams Harry for snubbing family Ms Bond suggested the Queen may also be missing the traditional Easter service as a practice of “reserving energy” for more pivotal royal engagements. A “Royal season” of formal engagements is approaching, explained Bond, and the Queen is “conserving her strength” for the most important ceremonies. The Queen cancelled several appearances in the lead up to the memorial service for her husband, the Duke of Edinburgh, and was able to attend the event among fellow members of the Royal family. Bond suggested the Queen may be reducing engagements in the hopes to prioritise her upcoming Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Don't miss:Queen’s aides ‘worried’ as public may miss out on seeing monarch  [REVEAL]Public give a big thumbs-down to Platinum Jubilee role for disgrace... [POLL RESULTS]Best pictures of Princess Anne's royal tour [PHOTOS] The Platinum Jubilee ceremony will take place in June as the Queen celebrates 70 years as reigning monarch. Leading up to the event, Bond speculated Prince Charles will dominate much of the Queen’s traditional responsibilities. The Queen has very gradually reduced appearances as she aged, formally retiring from international travel in 2015. The Maundy Service conducted by Prince Charles will be the first time the Queen has not attended the Easter celebration.   