A quarter put these methods into action four times a week – but more than half (56 percent) say they rarely get a chance as they are so busy with day-to-day life. Other weird and wonderful ways to de-stress include writing lists, doing a puzzle, and rearranging a bookshelf or cupboard. The study, commissioned by KitKat, also revealed Wednesday and Friday are the favourite days to de-stress for one in five of those polled – with 42 percent agreeing “hump day” is the best day of the week to relax, as it refreshes you for the rest of the week ahead. Only one in ten (11 percent) named Sunday as their preferred time to unwind, as more than a fifth say the weekend is too long to wait for relaxation. And over a quarter (27 percent) would like to use the middle of the week more to enjoy some downtime, instead of waiting for the weekend to come. A spokesman for KitKat, which commissioned the research, said: “Traditionally, the weekend has been the time we set aside for rest and relaxation. “But, as this research reveals, the way we are choosing to have our breaks is changing. “Increasingly, people are feeling the benefits of enjoying a “mid-weekender”, and are dedicating some mid-week downtime to refresh and recharge for the rest of the week ahead.” It takes the average adult 15 minutes to fully “de-stress” when using their favourite method – spending a total of four and a half hours doing this during a typical week. Nearly half use these methods when they are feeling anxious about things, while 35 percent do it because they like to have more “me-time”. And a further one in three think they put too much pressure on themselves, with the same number saying this is “just who they are”. Financial worries (35 percent), being late (35 percent), and waiting for something (30 percent) are the top things that make people feel stressed. More than three in ten of those polled, via OnePoll, say it’s now “normal” to be stressed, and would find it strange if they met someone who was never anxious. Almost all respondents think it’s important to regularly relax and unwind from everyday life, while 79 percent think it’s important to unwind even if you don’t feel stressed. It also emerged almost half (44 percent) often find themselves doing things subconsciously that help them feel calmer. The spokesman for KitKat added: “We all have our own ways of unwinding – some of which are very common, while others are more quirky. “It’s been really interesting finding out the different ways in which the nation “de-stress”, and to see how important people think it is to take time out of their busy lives, more so now than ever, to relax and enjoy some downtime.” To help people take advantage of the “Midweekend” break, KitKat has enlisted the help of TV and radio star Jordan North, who is helping people to destress by delivering them an indulgent midweek package. More information can be found here. TOP 20 WAYS BRITS DE-STRESS: