Pep Guardiola has sparked Premier League title fear into Manchester City fans by suggesting that Ruben Dias will not recover from injury in time to face Liverpool on April 10. The Sky Blues' centre-back has been sidelined for a month, but the Catalan coach claims that he needs up to two weeks to regain fitness and will miss more matches before returning to action. Dias was forced off during City's FA Cup fifth-round tie with Peterborough one month ago to the day. Having received an initial verdict of four to six weeks out, City fans will be pained to learn that Dias' absence now looks to be at the top end of that estimate. Guardiola must gear up his side to face Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday afternoon, but crucial clashes against Atletico Madrid and Liverpool could ultimately determine their Champions League and Premier League fates before Dias re-enters the fray. JUST IN: Bruno Fernandes explains new contract as Man Utd star commits long-term future "We have still nine games to play," said Guardiola on Friday, "We will go game by game. We know what we have to do. We have to win games. It will be difficult, but we try. "Ruben [Dias] and Cole Palmer are out. The rest are fit. He is out. I don't know. The doctor said for four to six weeks. We need 10 days or two weeks more. The plan depends on the players when I saw them for the training today and yesterday." DON'T MISS...Fernandes hints next Man Utd boss may have Pogba successor in GarnerTottenham 'planning bid for Leeds star Harrison' as Traore alternativeBarcelona target Raphinha 'will leave Leeds' even if they stay up Dias has been a rock at the back for City since signing from Benfica in 2020. He won the coveted Premier League Player of the Season award after his debut campaign and is comfortably one of the first names on the team sheet under Guardiola when fit and firing. They were also dealt another defensive injury scare when John Stones was sent home early from England duty. However, Guardiola has managed to put fans' minds at ease in that department by claiming that, aside from Dias and Cole Palmer, he has a fully fit squad to choose from at Turf Moor.  "We have a lot of games," he added. "Eight potential nine games. The selection is not for the next game. People come back from the national teams. It's not the first time we face it. So far we have done incredibly well." Burnley boss Sean Dyche, meanwhile, claimed that he was not 'overthinking' Saturday's game despite the threat of relegation and that he "will set his team up to win". 