Carlos Alcaraz has achieved yet another record, aged just 18. The world No 11 became the youngest man ever to win an ATP 500 title this year and the youngest to lift the Miami Open trophy, and has now beaten out the likes of Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer to reach his 50th career match win faster than any world No 1 in history has done. Alcaraz is in action at home in Spain this week, where he is playing the Barcelona Open. He is the hot ticket at the ATP 500 event this year after becoming the youngest man ever to win the Miami Open and third-youngest to win a Masters 1000 title, but also reached another milestone in Florida with his run to the trophy, winning his 50th match in the semi-finals over defending champion Hubert Hurkacz. In what was the 18-year-old’s 70th professional match, he managed to clinch his 50th victory - doing so faster than any of the 27 previous ATP world No 1s have done so, including the Big Three. Only 2003 US Open champion Andy Roddick came close to his achievement, reaching 50 wins in his 72nd match while the likes of Alcaraz’s own coach Juan Carlos Ferrero needed 73 matches to do the same. Alcaraz has been tipped for huge success following his win in Miami, while Nadal was one player to sign his praises and tip the teenager to become a world No 1 and multi-Grand Slam champion before he had even lifted a Masters 1000 trophy, and the stat is just another thing pointing to a bright future for the young Spaniard. JUST IN: Raducanu 'didn't know' how to play on clay as she eyes clash with No 1   "Carlos is a great guy and he is a potential No 1 player and multi-Grand Slam winner without a doubt, no? So it’s great that in Spain we have a player like him," the 21-time Grand Slam champion said of his compatriot in Indian Wells. Brad Gilbert, the coach of two former world No 1’s in Roddick and Andy Murray admitted that it was “amazing” for the world No 11 to have gotten to a landmark 50th match win so quickly, saying: “He obviously started playing young, but so did so many others and he’s played a lot of tournaments and matches already. The greatest thing about the stats and the computers is they don’t lie.” DON'T MISSUkrainian Elina Svitolina disagrees with Wimbledon Russia banAndy Murray fires back after Madrid Masters wild card criticismKremlin issue angry response to Wimbledon ban for stars like Medvedev   But the American was quick not to pile expectation on Alcaraz, adding: “Whether or not he gets to what some of these other lofty people who were on there did is yet to be seen. But it’s an amazing start.” The 18-year-old is now up to 52 match wins, including his Miami Open final victory over Casper Ruud and his opening win over Soonwoo Kwon in Barcelona. He will be hoping to make it 53 in an all-Spanish battle against Jaume Munar on Thursday. 