Back in December, Callum (played by Tony Clay) was involved in a homophobic attack and was badly beaten, leaving Ben (Max Bowden) fearing for his husband's life. Since the attack, Ben has been living in fear and suffering from flashbacks and terrors from the night of the incident. Taking matters into his own hands, Ben savagely beat one of the men who were involved in the attack and ended up putting him in hospital. Now, from official spoilers, his victim, Steve, is set to wake up and could expose Ben for what he did, sending him to prison alongside his father. In upcoming scenes, Ben is alarmed to hear from Callum that the man he attacked, Steve, has woken up. He anxiously waits to see if he will remember anything from the attack or if he is in the all-clear from that night. If the victim remembers what happens, Ben could suffer the devastating repercussion of trying to protect Callum and be separated from him. The possibility of Ben going to jail leaves Callum more vulnerable than ever to another attack, but will Ben go above and beyond to stay with him and protect him? READ MORE: Esther Rantzen fumes as Queen is criticised for leaning on Andrew The man, Steve, was making homophobic comments at Ben and his friend Lewis Butler (Aiden O'Callaghan). This came after Ben was already wound up tight following the attack on Callum (Tony Clay) at New Year. Worry and fear on Callum’s behalf made Ben completely lose it and later on, he dragged Steve into the alley by the gym and gave him a savage beating, stopped only by Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) turning up. Due to the attack, Steve was left in a coma and fighting for his life. After the attack, Ben visited Steve’s mother, telling her that he was a friend of Steve’s to try and get more information about what his condition was. When Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) and Callum came by to talk to Steve’s mother as part of their enquiry into the attack, she mentioned that a young man she didn’t know had visited her. When Steve wakes up, will he remember the attack – and his attacker? Ben has kept the secret to himself the whole time, even from Callum, who is in the police force, but Ben recently probed his husband after he revealed he was left shaken by the recent incident that occurred just yards away from their front door. DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Horror as Ollie Carter goes missing [INSIGHT]EastEnders theory: Phil Mitchell freed after Jack intervention [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Double exit for Stacey and Jean in treatment plot [WATCH] Callum said: "He was attacked, left for dead in the alleyway next to the gym, Sharon found him." Ben added: "This is what I was talking about, I told you that we weren't safe," before Callum confirmed that the attack was not a homophobic attack. "You got any leads?" Ben asked before his husband added: "There's no witnesses, no forensics, they're getting sloppy, taking more risks, it's only a matter of time before they slip up." Fans were left devastated when they realised that Ben was trying to see how the investigation was going and using his husband. They took to Twitter, with @BoveryCee commenting: "Ben is really good at hiding his guilt. He even tried to joke about it. Callum, Ben asking too many questions. He’s going to figure out." @yorit1 added: "Ben listening to Callum tell him about his own crimes and then turning it into as if they are homophobic attacks." Ryan Glendenning said: "If only Callum knew what you've done, Ben." @thewitty_wizard fumed: "Callum is going to be crushed when he finds out it’s Ben." (sic) EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday from 7:30pm on BBC One.