Jane McDonald, 59, has impressed her fans with her heartwarming gesture dedicated to The Wakefield Hospice. The hospice helped to care for the Cruising With Jane McDonald star’s late fiancé Eddie Rothe, who died after a short battle with lung cancer last year. After sharing the tragic news of Eddie’s death, Jane credited the hospice for their work.  It seems the hospice has had a lasting impact on the singer, as she recently made another kindhearted donation to them.  Jane revealed in a video earlier this month that she has donated 61 of her glamorous gowns from her on-stage performances to the hospice.  The hospice is now selling the dresses on its eBay site to raise vital funds. READ MORE... Prince Harry in 'fit of pique' after royal snub says Loose Women star  Jane spoke about her donation for the launch of the auction, which was then posted as a clip on the hospice’s Twitter page.    She said: “Hi, it’s Jane McDonald here. I’ve got some very exciting news.    “61 of my amazing gowns have just gone live for sale on the Wakefield Hospice eBay shopping channel.    “That’s a bit of a mouthful!” Jane quipped.  Jane told fans: “I’ve loved wearing those gowns and I sincerely hope you do too.” The TV personality continued: “All the funds will go to the Wakefield Hospice who don’t just look after the patients, they look after the patients and their families.” It wasn’t long before Jane’s fans flocked to the comments section to praise her on her sweet gesture in Eddie’s memory. Twitter user Tricia Kemish penned: “What a wonderful thing to do! You are a marvellous woman and I’m sure the Hospice will be extremely grateful for the money. DON'T MISS:Free and naked Britney bares it all on Instagram [PICS]Amanda Owen hits back as fan asks ‘why doesn’t your husband appear?' [OPINION]Alison Hammond admits she got 'slated' for shouting at Meghan Markle [COMMENT] “I pray that you raise a tremendous amount! God bless you. Best wishes and take care of yourself.”  Andy Jessop added: “What a lovely thing to do Jane xx.”  Jan Cassell commented: “Jane McDonald is such a lovely down to earth person with a heart of gold love her to bits.”  Lisa Rachieru gushed: “Absolutely astounding thing to do, glorious. Lucky however will certainly get a piece of glamour and glitz. I'd bid myself but I'm a sturdy girl and wouldn't get any of them above my knees.” Jane was left devastated when Eddie died at the age of 67.  The star admitted on Loose Women she had initially planned on retiring at the end of 2021, but her grief over Eddie changed her mind.  She told her fellow ITV panellists: “I was supposed to be retiring at the end of the year.  “But it’s been the only thing that I know what to do.  “It’s been my healer being out with the fans and I thank them so much for everything that they’ve done for me, and Wakefield Hospice, obviously, as well.”