New research conducted by vehicle repairs service bumper.co.uk found that, of those who needed repairs, UK drivers spent an average of £803 last year on fixing their vehicle. The research asked 2,320 UK drivers over the age of 18 if they needed vehicle repairs in the last 12 months. Almost two-thirds (64 percent) of those questioned said they did have to pay for repairs in the past 12 months. The average cost was £803. The lowest repair cost stated was just £37, while the highest was £1,796. The latest National Travel Survey conducted by the Department for Transport estimated that there are approximately 35.9million driving licence holders in the UK. READ MORE: Driver fined for parking on motorway hard shoulder When multiplied by the average cost that drivers admit spending in the past year on vehicle repairs, this would mean that drivers who required motor repairs in the past year collectively spent an estimated £18.5billion. The cities with the highest repair costs were London - £1,796; Oxford - £1,587; Bristol - £1,267; Birmingham - £1,112; Exeter - £1,098. The cities that reported the lowest repair costs were Liverpool (£37), Newcastle (£61), and Cardiff (£85). The survey also asked participants what repairs they needed to pay for over the past year. DON'T MISS Furious taxi driver fined £2,700 for smashing airport ticket machine [SHOCKING] Drivers could face huge fines for revving engines in car park [INSIGHT] Drivers could be fined thousands for wearing too baggy jeans [WARNING] The most common answers were: Tyre replacement - 62 percent; Brake repairs - 52 percent; Windscreen repair/replacement - 43 percent; Wheel alignment - 29 percent and spark plug replacement - 20 percent. Drivers in the South West were shown as the most likely to have their tyres replaced compared to the rest of the country, with 73 percent saying they needed this repair carried out. In the North of England, the most common repair reported was windscreen repair/replacement (59 percent). James Jackson, CEO of bumper.co.uk, said the research "really highlights" just how much vehicle owners might need to spend every year. Mr Jackson said: “Since the start of the year we’ve seen the cost of living increase rapidly, particularly in the motoring sector with the cost of fuel reaching record highs. “It’s more important than ever that drivers are aware of the cost of repairs and different ways to manage the financial strain of this. "From putting aside a little bit of money for future repairs every month to looking into affordable buy now, pay later services. “There are many ways to stay on top of your vehicle costs so that you’re not left stranded.” The news comes after it was shown drivers could face fines of up to £2,500 and three penalty points on their licence for failing to inspect their windscreen before travelling. Car finance experts at CarMoney said it is vital to check a car for scratches to avoid unwelcome consequences. A scratch in a windscreen could develop into a crack which may result in a £2,500 fine and three points on the licence. It is considered a motoring offence because drivers might be deemed to be using a vehicle in a dangerous condition. The Highway Code dictates drivers need to have a full and clear view of the road ahead so the glass must therefore be in a good condition.