Brexit has changed many things regarding foreign travel, including passports. Now, Britons are given a navy blue – instead of purple – passport and it must get stamped when they pass through security. Here are the other passport rules British travellers should be aware of. Britons have been warned to check the latest passport rules before travelling abroad this year. Countries have their own rules when it comes to passports and it’s important to be aware of them. Each country is different when it comes to the validity of your passport and how long it needs to be valid for when you travel. Some nations need the passport to be valid for three months after the departure date, while others need six. Airlines differ from one another too, with each one requiring different passport rules. READ MORE: Travel warning: Britons could spend 'weeks' without luggage TUI As with all airlines, all Britons on TUI flights must show a valid passport, but how long it must be valid for depends on the destination. A statement on TUI’s website said: “Passports for British citizens are valid for travel to any EU country up to and including the passport expiry date. “The Government recommends that, on the day you travel, you have at least six months left on your passport. “To travel to Europe, you must have a minimum of three months left on your passport from the day you’re planning to travel home.”  easyJet For UK passport holders travelling to the EU, Iceland, Lichtenstein, Norway, and Switzerland with easyJet, passports need to have at least six months left on them. But they cannot be more than 10 years old. Ryanair The budget airline has warned passengers that non-EU passport holders must have a passport that’s valid for at least three months from their date of departure when heading to a Schengen member country. For travel outside of the European Economic Area (EEA), a passenger’s passport musr be valid gor the period of intended stay. However, there are some exceptions, listed below. For Jordan, the passport must be valid for six months beyond the period of the intended stay. Turkey requires the passport to be valid for six months from the date of entry. For Montenegro, as well as Bosnia and Herzegovina, passengers must have passports that are valid for at least three months. Jet2 Jet2 mostly flies to destinations within the EU, where a UK passport must be valid for at least three months beyond a passenger’s departure date, while being less than 10 years old. The airline stated: “Just so you know, if you renewed your passport before your previous passport expired, any extra months that may have been added to your new passport’s expiry date, making it valid for more than a 10-year period, may not count.” British Airways All passengers travelling with British Airways on an international flight need a valid passport, as with all airlines. The airline warned travellers: “Please note that it is your responsibility to check and observe all requirements applicable to your journey. “Should you fail to comply with these requirements, you may not be allowed to travel or may be refused entry at your destination.” List of popular destinations and their passport rules Australia Your passport should be valid for the duration of your stay. Barbados Your passport should be valid for the duration of your stay. Canada Your passport should be valid for the duration of your stay, but if you have less than six months validity it may take longer to pass through immigration control. China Your passport should have at least six months validity. Egypt Your passport should have at least six months validity. European Union For most European countries, the British Passport Office recommends that on the day you travel you have at least three months left on your passport. Those countries are: Austria Belgium Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland Italy Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Poland Portugal Romania Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden India Your passport must be machine readable, with two blank pages for your visa and valid for a minimum of 180 days at the time of entry into India. Japan Your passport should be valid for the duration of your stay. Mexico Your passport should be valid for the duration of your stay. New Zealand Your passport should be valid for a minimum period of one month from the date of exit. Singapore Your passport should have at least six months validity. South Africa Rules state that your passport should be valid for at least 30 days from the date of exit, but it’s recommended that you have at least six months on your passport before it expires. Your passport should also have at least two blank pages when you enter or leave South Africa. Thailand Your passport should have at least six months validity. Turkey Your passport should have at least six months validity.