The Arthritis Foundation says: “Rich in vitamins K and C, broccoli also contains a compound called sulforaphane, which researchers have found may help prevent or slow the progression of osteoarthritis. Broccoli is also rich in calcium, which is known for its bone-building benefits.”  It adds: “Research on mice shows sulforaphane blocks the inflammatory process and might slow cartilage damage in osteoarthritis. “And there’s some evidence diets high in cruciferous vegetables could prevent rheumatoid arthritis from developing in the first place.” Arthritis is not a single disease, but instead a way of referring to joint pain or joint disease. There are more than 100 types of arthritis and related conditions. Osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis are the two most common types of arthritis. READ MORE: Hay fever and eczema may be linked to various psychiatric and mental disorders warns study  The NHS encourages those living with arthritis to eat a healthy and balanced diet and maintain a healthy weight. They explain diets should consist of a variety of foods from all five food groups. These are fruit and vegetables, starchy foods, and meat, fish, eggs and beans. The health body adds that you should include milk and dairy foods, and foods containing fat and sugar. It says: “If you're overweight, losing weight can really help you cope with arthritis. Too much weight places excess pressure on the joints in your hips, knees, ankles and feet, leading to increased pain and mobility problems.” The NHS says: “As long as you do the right type and level of exercise for your condition, your arthritis won't get any worse. “Combined with a healthy, balanced diet, regular exercise will help you lose weight and place less strain on your joints. Your GP can recommend the type and level of exercise that's right for you.” Nonetheless, it states: “If you have arthritis, it's important to look after your joints to avoid further damage. “For example, try to reduce the stress on your joints while carrying out everyday tasks like moving and lifting.”  If you have arthritis, your joints will most likely feel stiff and be hard to move, you may also find that the area around your joints may feel warm, look red or puffy. The Mayo Clinic says: “Severe arthritis, particularly if it affects your hands or arms, can make it difficult for you to do daily tasks. “Arthritis of weight-bearing joints can keep you from walking comfortably or sitting up straight. In some cases, joints may gradually lose their alignment and shape.” It notes: “Treatments vary depending on the type of arthritis. The main goals of arthritis treatments are to reduce symptoms and improve quality of life.”  The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) says: “Experts don’t know the causes of many forms of arthritis. “However, we do know that gout is caused by too much uric acid in the body. Sometimes specific infections can also cause arthritis. “Scientists are studying the role of factors such as genetics, lifestyle, and environment in different types of arthritis to learn more possible causes and risk factors.” It adds: “Certain factors make it more likely that you will develop arthritis. You can control some risk factors, and others you cannot. By changing the risk factors you can control, you can decrease your risk of getting arthritis or making arthritis worse.” 