Having shot to fame in 1956, Elvis Presley had to put a pause on his music and movie career for two years of US Army service in West Germany. During his time overseas from 1958-60, The King had many flings as a handsome young pop star but he was particularly taken by the 14-year-old Priscilla Beaulieu, who he met at a party. Fans know just how romantically struck the future husband and wife were with each other, but before being charmed by the star, the teenage girl was not impressed at all. In a new interview, Priscilla Presley shared that she was well aware of who Elvis Presley was before their first meeting. All her fellow tween girlfriends were so taken by the star, while she did buy his records and thought him to be totally “gorgeous”. However, the 76-year-old admitted: “I had a friend, who was a fan, who wanted me to be part of a fan club. I didn’t know what a fan club was. And she had an Elvis Presley magazine. She opened up the magazine and she said, ‘This is Elvis.’ Priscilla was shown a picture of The King singing his autograph on a girl’s breasts. His ex-wife told The Project: “I thought that was disgusting! Mind you, I’m young at this time and I’m going, ‘Oh my gosh! I’m turned off, I don’t want to see this.’” However, Priscilla soon changed her mind after their first meeting, for which she was “very nervous obviously”. The 76-year-old recalled how the then 24-year-old was sitting in a chair looking over at her and said to himself, “Well, what do we have here?” Totally taken in him by his charm, she added: “There was so much energy, charisma.” Despite their controversial age gap, Priscilla’s parents didn’t approve of their newly found romance for other reasons. She recalled how her mother forbid her from walking across the street to see Elvis, after all the bad publicity surrounding the star’s sexual gyrations when dancing and swinging his hips; moves that made his teenage girl fans scream in excitement at. Being such an incredibly handsome, rich and famous star meant that women would continue to throw themselves at him, even during his eight-year courtship and six year-marriage to Priscilla. As a result, Elvis found beautiful women around him all the time and couldn’t resist cheating on every girl he dated. DON'T MISSElvis' last vacation ‘King's prank went wrong, made him so nervous’ [ELVIS 1977]Elvis death: Last movie King saw was a Roger Moore James Bond [ELVIS LAST MOVIE]Elvis girlfriends bombshell dropped by cousin 'No changing the truth' [ELVIS GIRLFRIENDS] Even after their wedding in 1967, Priscilla knew Elvis was not being faithful. She said: “It’s hard to hold a marriage together when you know these girls are all interested. It’s always living in fear that there’s going to be one out of those girls. There were many, but yes, it’s difficult living the Rock and Roll life being Elvis Presley.” Even though she continued to be deeply in love with The King, Priscilla ended up having her own affair with karate instructor Mike Stone and the husband and wife were eventually divorced in 1973, but remained close.