Britons may well use the bank holiday long weekend to do some home improvements. Interior design stylist, Kate Watson Smyth detailed her top renovation secrets that will not only make your home look even better, but increase its value, and save you money too. Founder of award-winning interior design blog Mad About The House and author of four interior books, she explained why upgrading your boiler is an ‘absolute must’ in any home renovation project this summer in conjunction with British Gas. Upgrade your boiler Switching from a G-rated to a modern A-rated boiler has the potential to save up to £580 per year on your bills, and could add up to £8,000 to the value of your home. Paint your radiators Nothing ruins the look of a room more than a huge white radiator that stands out like a beacon. Most of them are not beautiful so don’t highlight them. Paint them to match the wall, so your carefully chosen décor stands out. Use metal or wood paint as this has flexibility and won’t crack when the heating comes on and off, and make sure your radiators are turned off and stone-cold before applying. READ MORE: 'Truly helped me to save thousands': Woman who paid off £20k debt details savings rules Invest in thermal curtains Old draughty windows are a common problem in many houses but windows are expensive to replace. Opting for thermal linings for your curtains and blinds will cut the draughts and make the rooms feel warm. Drawing the blinds at dusk can reduce heat loss by 13 to 14 percent which is great if you’re trying to cut emissions. Tidy small spaces Try to keep small spaces tidy, even if you don’t often use them. If those small tucked away areas of the house are organised, it indicates every part of the house is looked after too. This will not be lost on future potential buyers, who will notice the small details and so are worth considering if you’re undertaking any DIY this weekend. Refreshing the décor Nothing deters buyers like the sight of a dilapidated house that clearly needs redecoration. If the paint is peeling they will assume that the rest of the house is in a poor state of repair as well. Repainting will help you maximise the value of your house and should get you closer to the asking price rather than having to settle for a reduction and could even add to the value READ MORE:'We saved £3k': DIY couple's stunning kitchen transformation [HOME] Devalue your home by £20,000! Dark blue walls and gold [WARNING] Inside Molly Mae's £4m home - luxury paint colours to achieve the look [PROPERTY] Kate Watson Smyth says: "If your boiler has ever stopped working you will know that it’s always on the coldest or wettest day of the year. "Mine once broke on a Friday in December when it was snowing as my mother-in-law arrived for the weekend. "The boiler is the unsung hero of our homes working quietly in the background and a new, efficient one is one of the best ways to add value to your home. "If you’ve spent all that time and money creating a beautiful bathroom or a fabulous kitchen the last thing you want is an inefficient boiler making it impossible to enjoy those rooms. "It might be an extra outlay but it’s a worthwhile investment as it will save you money, and energy, in the long run.” The team at British Gas has shared some top tips to help you invest in a reliable, high-performance boiler to future-proof your home. Check the ErP rating All new boilers come with an ErP rating, which is a standardised system to help customers understand efficiency and compare products. The highest rating for a boiler is ‘A’ and the lowest is ‘G’. A-rated boilers are more likely to save you money on your heating bills because they’re more energy-efficient. In fact, you can save up to £580 a year on your energy bills if you upgrade from a G-rated boiler to a new A-rated one. Power The power of your boiler is another key specification to be aware of and so it’s important to work out how powerful a boiler needs to be to meet your needs. Normally shown in kilowatts (kW), it determines how much hot water and heating can be supplied to your home. In short, a more powerful boiler will be able to heat more radiators and provide more hot water, which is helpful if you’ve got multiple bathrooms or a larger home. The British Gas online boiler questionnaire will help you understand which kind of boiler you need for your home: https://www.britishgas.co.uk/boiler-marketplace/configure. Future-proofing To decrease the country’s carbon footprint, the Government is considering plans that would blend 20 percent hydrogen into the gas grid for a low-carbon alternative. Therefore, when purchasing a new boiler, consider selecting one that is hydrogen blend ready. These models mean you can continue to use natural gas until hydrogen gas boilers are available, with minimal disruption to home heating. British Gas has a wide selection of A-rated boilers available, which are all future-proofed. Opt for pro-installation Purchasing a new boiler is a substantial investment, so it’s vital it's installed correctly. By choosing a British Gas boiler, it’s guaranteed the new model will be installed by an expert engineer. Better still, each boiler comes with a complimentary 5-Year Warranty, helping to provide additional peace of mind if you were to run into any issues.