An uninsured flat-bed truck stopped by police was being driven by a man who had been driving for 50 years without a licence. The incident happened in Staffordshire this week and the man's vehicle was seized. Staffordshire Police tweeted that the man has been reported for driving without a licence and no insurance. Astonishingly it means he has been illegally on the roads since 1972 without the proper licence. The force said the man, who is in his 70s and from Wolverhampton, was stopped at around 1.30pm as he was about to drive on to the M6. The full tweet from Staffordshire Police's dogs and armed response vehicle account, said: "Upon stopping this uninsured vehicle in the @SStaffsPolice area we discovered that its driver has been driving for 50 years with no licence!!… he has been reported and the vehicle has been seized." READ MORE: New car tax changes today will leave drivers in 'sticky situations' Incredibly it came just days before another driver pulled over by Nottinghamshire police admitted he had been driving for 35 years without ever passing a test. The driver of the silver Ford Fiesta was stopped by the force on the outskirts of Retford - he had been driving up until that point under his provisional licence. Nottinghamshire Police say he had borrowed the car from his sister to make some repairs. The car had to be seized by police due to the driver being unqualified. DON'T MISSDrivers brand EV owners 'plain stupid' for not having home charger [SHOCKING]Petrol price checker: How to check the cheapest fuel near you [INSIGHT]Drivers call on electric car owners to pay car tax - 'very simple' [COMMENT] A spokesperson for the Nottinghamshire Roads Policing Unit said: "This silver Fiesta was spotted on a small country road on the outskirts of Retford and grabbed our attention. The driver had borrowed the car from his sister to make some repairs. "Unfortunately for them both he wasn't covered on the insurance and he's never passed a test despite driving for 35 years on a provisional. “Car seized and the relevant paperwork issued." Back in January this year Express.co.uk reported on a pensioner pulled over by police who admitted he had been without a licence and uninsured for 70 years. In his 80s, unsteady on his feet and hard of hearing, he then confessed he’d been driving since he was 12. The driver, born in 1938, was stopped late on a Wednesday night in the city of Nottingham. In a post on Facebook, the City North Operation Reacher team said an officer had pulled over the driver of a Mini One. The post continued: “We can’t quite believe what happened next… as the driver, who was born in 1938, coughed that he had been driving with no licence and no insurance since he was 12 (yes TWELVE) years old…and somehow had managed to never be stopped by the police. “Thankfully, he had never had an accident, caused anyone an injury, and never made anyone lose out financially by hitting them whilst uninsured. “Due to the increased number of Automatic Number Plate Recognition cameras in Nottingham, even on the small trips you are likely to hit a camera, so make sure your documents are in order – because it will catch up with you…one day.”