Fulham were promoted to the Premier League on Tuesday after beating Preston 3-0 at home, and Liverpool-bound Fabio Carvalho grabbed a goal in the memorable victory. Despite being linked for months after a failed January move, Carvalho has finally spoken out about his future. Fulham star Fabio Carvalho has finally spoken out about his future following the increased speculation that he is set to join Liverpool this summer. The 19-year-old scored in Fulham's 3-0 win against Preston on Tuesday which saw them claim promotion back to the Premier League, and they took a major stride towards winning the Championship title in the process. Therefore they have secured promotion back to the top division at the first time of asking, as they were relegated at the end of last season. Marco Silva has put together a young, talented squad at Craven Cottage, spearheaded by Aleksandar Mitrovic, who has set a new Championship goalscoring record this season (40). But while Fulham are preparing for life in the Premier League next season, they'll be sweating over the future of Carvalho, and he has finally shed some light on his transfer status.  READ MORE: Three players Arsenal can sign to fix issue Ian Wright has picked out Liverpool agreed a deal to sign Carvalho in January, but the move fell through right at the deadline as the Reds missed out on their man. But they have remained interested and reports have emerged speculating that Liverpool will sign Carvalho for £5million plus add-ons this summer, when his contract expires. Not many players get offered the chance to work under Klopp at Anfield, and Carvalho admitted that the speculation has affected him. “I've tried not to let it affect me but I'm only human," he said, speaking to the official Fulham matchday programme. "I'm obviously aware of those stories, even if it's only subconsciously. I think it has affected me a bit. But what I can say is that I'm determined to keep working hard for Fulham.  DON'T MISSTen Hag has already failed first Sir Alex Ferguson test ahead of Man Utd moveReal Madrid have a chance to sign a better striker than Mbappe and wound BarcelonaLiverpool icon Jamie Carragher tears into Man Utd over Cristiano Ronaldo - 'Embarrassing' "Whenever I step out on to the pitch wearing a Fulham shirt, I will give it my all. As far as the future goes, whatever happens, happens. My focus is on the here and now." But Carvalho has achieved what Fulham set out to do in the short-term, and secure Premier League status once more. Now that their goal has been reached, the 19-year-old's time in London may be coming to an end. Fulham boss Marco Silva has even admitted previously that he expects Carvalho to depart at the end of the season. Silva said: "It has been a rumour since November, probably. I am speaking every single week about Fabio Carvalho. His full focus is on our club.  "I can't lie to you, we have been trying to renew his contract and it has been really difficult for us. Unfortunately the player has got into the last year of his contract and is a player who is doing a fantastic season. "I really love him as a football player and we are helping him to grow as a man and football player. About his future, I hope I can have a right answer for you soon - probably the end of the season. It has been tough for us to renew his contract, but let's see what we can do." Liverpool could eventually pay more than £7.5m for Carvalho if their current agreement stands, as they have agreed to pay Fulham a tribunal fee as well as including certain bonuses. The Reds have also reportedly agreed to a 20% sell-on clause for Carvalho, and personal terms were already agreed in January.  Fulham will be playing their football in the Premier League next season, and it's expected that Scott Parker and Bournemouth will join them as they are currently four points clear in the automatic promotion places. They also have two games in hand on those in third and fourth. Bournemouth need three wins from their last six games to guarantee promotion, but it could be achieved sooner depending on results elsewhere. But their next game is against the league leaders, who travel to the Vitality Stadium on Saturday. A win for Fulham would secure the title, and it could be the perfect parting gift from Carvalho should he leave in the summer. A win for Bournemouth would stall Fulham's celebrations, and put the Cherries in a commanding position to claim promotion themselves. 