The pair visited Stockholm on Wednesday for a rare joint public appearance to take part in the first World Dyslexia Assembly, hosted by Prince Carl Philip and Princess Sofia at the Swedish Royal Palace. The couple, who both have dyslexia, joined Sweden’s royals to shine a light on the condition. Edoardo has attended a number of family events such as weddings and funerals alongside his wife, including the memorial service held for the late Prince Philip at Westminster Abbey earlier this month. However, Wednesday’s event was the first time the pair have carried out an engagement without other family members and the first time they have travelled abroad to meet another royal couple. The event was organised by the global charity Made By Dyslexia, of which Beatrice is an ambassador. The organisation aims to transform the perception of dyslexia and ensure that the condition is spotted and supported in places of work and education. Dyslexia is a neurological difference that impacts 1 in 5 people globally. It affects a person’s ability to learn and process information which causes challenges in spelling, reading and memorising facts. Made By Dyslexia aims to create systemic change in how the world perceives, defines and supports dyslexia.  With 80 percent of dyslexic people never diagnosed at school, the foundation aims to train every teacher in the world to recognise children with the condition by 2030. Prince Carl and Princess Sofia’s charity, Prince Couple’s Foundation, also focuses on increasing respect and understanding for the condition. Sweden’s Prince Carl, who also has dyslexia, thanked the royal couple for joining him at the event. In a post on his Instagram page, he said: “A special thank you to Her Royal Highness Princess Beatrice, a long-time activist for dyslexic minds, and to her husband Edoardo for joining us.” They were joined at the launch by British entrepreneur, Richard Branson, who is also dyslexic.  During the event, Prince Carl said: “Through the Prince Couple's Foundation, Princess Sofia and I wish to do our part to contribute to an inclusive society; a society that enables each individual to reach their full potential. READ MORE: Inside Prince Andrew's 'spectacular' home he still shares with Fergie “Our wish is that the Assembly contributes to new conversations, new collaborations and new solutions that contribute to supporting every child and youth in being themselves.” The Queen’s granddaughter has long been advocating for dyslexia awareness. The eldest daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson was diagnosed with the condition herself aged seven. During a panel discussion at the event, Princess Beatrice said: “I began my journey aged seven when the words on the page found themselves dancing off into the room.” She added “we need to help teachers as they’re the first line of defence” in regards to improving how pupils with dyslexia are supported in the education system. The Princess has been a long-time advocate for empowering people with dyslexia to focus on their strengths rather than their weaknesses. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry urged to 'stay away' from Queen [LIVE]Unseen royal video shows Queen's great-grandchildren playing [BREAKING]The Palace Papers: The highs and lows of the Royal Family since 1997 [LATEST]   She told the event: “It's no secret that I struggled with my dyslexia as a child and often even wished it away. “But now I see it as a tremendous gift, and I want every dyslexic child to know that they too can tap into their dyslexic strengths.” She shared that a different way of thinking helped her succeed in her career. She said: “A lot of my colleagues also have dyslexia because we work in a tech company that is always looking at things differently.” Beatrice, who welcomed daughter Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi with husband Edo last September, has previously spoken about how she would react if her daughter or stepson Wolfie were diagnosed with the condition. Speaking in an interview with Hello! last year, she said: “My husband's also dyslexic so we'll see whether we're having this conversation in a couple of months' time with a new baby in the house, but I really see it as a gift. And I think life is a little bit about the moments that make you; it's the challenges that make you.” 