Nicola Sturgeon and the SNP must deliver a second referendum "because if they don't, then that really is it for them," pro-Scottish independence blogger Paul Kavanagh has claimed. Ms Sturgeon has stated she intends to hold a second independence vote by the end of 2023. Mr Kavanagh told a Youtube stream hosted by IndyRef2 campaign group 'IndependenceLive': "I do think that we will definitely have an independence referendum within the lifetime of this Parliament. "Because if we don't, then it really is game over for the SNP. "I think the SNP leadership is aware of that. "They know that they have to deliver on an independence referendum. JUST IN: 'Putin on brink: Exiled oligarch says next round of sanctions to deliver 'serious blow  "Because if they don't, then that really is it for them." He continued: "So I'm quite confident that we will have an independence referendum. "But I mean, all the talk about, we've had all these mandates and they've never been acted on, the point is I sometimes think people get focused on process and not on the result. "Because the point of the exercise isn't to have a referendum, the point of the exercise is to win independence.  "It's all very well to say okay, we'll really push for an independence referendum but if we push for an independence referendum that we lose, we really are screwed." Mr Kavanagh added: "Because the next independence referendum really will be the last one. "Because the British state will make sure of that, so the stakes are a lot higher than last time than they were in 2014." The Scottish Government plans to publish a Bill which would allow Holyrood to schedule another independence vote, but opponents have questioned whether it has the legal power to do so. DON'T MISS: 'Fiercely patriotic' Le Pen NO friend of Brexit [VIDEO]'Grovelling' Macron accused of 'shining Putin's boots' - 'Pathetic' [INSIGHT]Le Pen could spark Frexit ‘by accident’ [ANALYSIS] The issue was raised in the Scottish Parliament last month, with Constitution Secretary, Angus Robertson, repeatedly refusing to confirm if legal advice had been sought. Nicola Sturgeon has said she wants a second independence referendum to take place by the end of 2023. Scottish Labour MSP, Sarah Boyack, said: "The public have a right to see this information about their future and the SNP must release it right away but, more importantly, they must stop wasting time, energy and money on this separatist distraction. "People in Scotland need their Government to be focused on recovering from the pandemic and tackling the cost of living crisis - not tying themselves in legal knots in an attempt to hide the holes in their case for a divisive referendum."