Mickelle Sharp, 33, opened fire on the man after a drug dispute ended in violence in Birmingham. Mr Sharp would be later arrested in his underwear, and discovered with thousands in cash and a large stash of drugs. Footage shows Mr Sharp being chased down Camp Lane in Handsworth.   More gun shots could be heard as Mr Sharp fired twice more at the man, who scrambled into a car and fled the scene. Mr Sharp can be heard shouting: “You think you’re a bad boy, yeh!”Firing again, he added: “Come back!” The injured man was shot through the arm at the event on August 3 last year, but made a miraculous recovery. West Midlands Police detectives identified Mr Sharp as the shooter, and traced him to a flat in Aspen Close, Acocks Green in Birmingham. Bodycam footage shows how the officers caught Mr Sharp as he was half-naked, two days after the shooting.  In the footage, Mr Sharp can be heard shouting through the letterbox: “Officers?” A cop replied: “Hello, armed police. I want you to slowly open the door with your hands up and nothing in your hands okay?” Mr Sharp, wearing only his pants with a towel over his shoulder, emerges with his hands up, before being arrested. Mr Sharp confirms his name, before officers search the flat.  READ MORE: Manchester City vs Liverpool disgust: Fans denounce plane banner [REVEAL] Inside the flat officers discover more than 100 wraps of crack cocaine, heroin and cannabis, as well as around £16,000 in cash. When police searched a car used by Mr Sharp, they found a black handled revolver with three bullets missing. He admitted to possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life and supply drugs. Mr Sharp was sentenced to 21 years in jail at Birmingham Crown Court last Wednesday, April 6. Detective Sergeant Matt Dyer said: “This was a reckless discharge of a firearm in broad daylight in a busy street; innocent pedestrians or motorists could easily have been caught up in this and seriously injured.  DON'T MISS: Putin power threat as '99% chance of economic failure' if he stays [REVEAL]Meghan Markle branded ‘figure of fun’ after taking on Queen [ANALYSIS]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan Markle caused ‘shudders at palace’ [INSIGHT] “It’s clear there was some kind of bad blood between these two and we suspect it's drug related. “The victim was very lucky to escape serious injury and we could easily have been looking at a murder case. “We initially charged Sharp with attempted murder but a plea of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life was accepted by the Crown and the police. “Anyone that is in the business of dealing drugs in our communities can expect to be proactively targeted and those who go on to actively use deadly firearms can expect to receive lengthy prison sentences.” 