A furious caller has rung up radio presenter Nick Ferrari and launched a fiery rant of coverage of fuel shortages. Amid reports some petrol stations have been forced to shut down over a lack of gas, the caller rowed with the LBC host over the role of the media in adding fuel to the fire of the crisis. The LBC host told caller Stacey from Winchmore Hill in North London: "It is not the media which's not got petrol on the M23." Stacey erupted: "You just told the nation there is a fuel crisis..." He added: "We collectively, members of the public are stupid." When Mr Ferrari objected, Stacey snapped: "Yes we are!" "You know what will all the problems I have had getting fuel, all the headaches, it wasn't event a problem it was a bit of a headache. "I have not even told my mum, I have not even told my colleagues." "Because I know that my mum would then tell her sister!" fumed Stacey. "Who would then tell her cousin!" Some petrol stations have run dry due to protests at oil depots by environmental activists. This is the second week of protests at oil terminals by Just Stop Oil. The group are demanding that the Government stops new fossil fuel projects. Essex Police have arrested more than 350 protesters since the disruption started on April 1. Don't miss:Queen should NOT sack Boris Johnson [POLL RESULTS]It’s Rishi’s tax strategy that riles us Tory voters [COMMENT]Sajid Javid: We must shield disabled people from cost of living crisis [REPORT]  Activists were locked on to pipework at a terminal in Grays, Essex, on Monday. It comes amid fears over Easter travel chaos with more flights were cancelled and plans to boost cross-Channel ferry services were blocked. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps warned that travel networks will be "extremely busy" during the bank holiday weekend. On Wednesday, British Airways axed at least 53 flights planned for domestic or European routes to or from Heathrow, while easyJet cancelled 23 Gatwick flights. Hundreds of UK flights have been cancelled in recent days. 