The Last Kingdom aired its final season on Netflix last month and binge-watchers are already mourning the end of the show. With a movie in the works, fans are looking to get their hands on any The Last Kingdom content they can while they wait for more news about the blockbuster. Uhtred of Bebbanburg, played by Alexander Dreymon and Brida (Emily Cox) are two of the show's leads, and both of Saxon origin were adopted by the Danes in season one and in the seven-year run of the show, their characters underwent a massive transformation. Alexander recently reflected on their on-screen and off-screen chemistry with the two spending so much time together. The star said: "Working with Emily has been just such a delight because she is an extremely spontaneous actor."  Speaking to Variety magazine, he continued: "And it's so easy to be in the moment with her, because she is open and willing to run with anything that you throw at her, and she gives you so much back. "And you know that when it comes to an emotional scene like that [One of their final fight scenes together] you're in great hands working with somebody like Emily, because it is just so alive, it's so flowing, and we kind of just bounce off of each other." Discussing how her character has developed and impacted the fifth season, he added: "I loved Emily Cox as Brida this season, as this sort of crazy Dane cult leader. "It was so intense, but it seems like a really natural progression for her character oddly enough." At times, the pair teased the audience with their characters potentially reuniting and putting the past behind them, but they never fully got there. He concluded: "I just loved the concept of starting out the story [of the series] where Uhtred and Brida are first brother and sister more or less. Let's not get into too many details, because then they become lovers. "And they're just so, so tight. And then within that first season, that first chasm starts and the seed is sown for what happens in Season 5. "We see the progress of that relationship and how often Uhtred is trying to win her heart back, not as a lover but just as a friend because he truly cares for her and he considers her family. "And through a series of mainly misunderstandings and misinterpretations of intentions, she just keeps slipping away from him further and further." She wasn't the only character he had issues with, and he once referred to one of the animals on set as a "moody teenager" to work with. The 39-year-old said: "I really enjoy the physical aspect of it [filming] and the horse-riding aspect of it. "I love the contact with the animal and the life that automatically breathes into each and every scene just because you have to be so alert to every movement that the horse does. To everything that he tries." However, his steed kept him on his toes. The 39-year-old continued: "I ride a horse called Pedro who is basically a bit of a moody teenager, so he is always testing the limits.