Health expert April Mayer from Amerisleep explained that "investing in a decent neck support pillow for flying will be a lifesaver". A neck pillow can help stop any neck pain as it will properly support the traveller's neck. She continued: "It will also help you sleep as you won’t feel the need to fidget to get your head comfortable regularly. "You may also find an eye mask useful for light exposure and if you are unable to get a window seat and have control of the blind," she said. Many travellers often wonder if they should buckle their seat belts before they go to sleep. READ MORE: Jet2 seating policy - extra legroom and free seats April said: "How you buckle your seatbelt is important for any chance of a good night’s undisturbed sleep in the sky. "The idea is that you should buckle it over your blanket instead of under it, this way flight attendants can see you are wearing it and won’t need to wake you in the case of any turbulence. "This will also stop the buckle feeling uncomfortable and awkward whilst you sleep." The clothes elderly passengers wear are also crucial to ensure a comfortable trip.  The travel expert said: "It’s very important to wear something comfortable and that isn’t too restrictive or stiff such as tight jeans. "Layers are important also as it can feel cold after time on a long-haul flight, this way you also have the option of removing layers if you get too hot." But what is the best place to sit on the plane? The expert recommended booking a window seat if possible. "This way you can lean on the window if need be and be in control of your light exposure," she explained. April continued: "It’s a good idea to not cross your legs either as this can reduce blood flow in your legs and make you susceptible to blood clots or being in pain when you wake up. "Also make sure to recline your chair, as this will put less pressure on your lower spine ensuring a better night’s sleep." In terms of food, the travel health expert advised not to overindulge before a flight and to go for something light. "So you’re not bloated and can doze off easier and avoid being kept awake by feeling too full," she said. She also suggested taking "a dose of magnesium before take-off" to help passengers sleep. "It’s a natural supplement that will make it easier for you to rest easy," she said. If passengers need some entertainment, April suggested a "relaxing podcast and listen to it several times before bed in preparation for your flight". "This way you will be familiar with it and associate it with sleep when the time comes to sleep. "Noise-cancelling headphones will also help you get a more undisturbed sleep."