The Prince of Wales met student designers at the opening of the new Terra Carta Design Lab at the Royal College of Art’s Battersea campus in south London on Wednesday. During his visit, Charles expressed his interest in a face mask for burping cows, which have already been found to cut bovine methane emissions by more than half. His interest in the idea caught the eye of journalist Mike Graham, who savaged Charles and questioned, "this bloke wants to be the next king?". Mr Graham spoke to TalkTV about the Prince and the clip was posted on the official Twitter account of the new channel. He said: "Prince Charles says the real problem [for the climate crisis] is not oil, it's not diesel, it's not petrol, it's cars, its not lorries, it's not taxis, it's not coaches, it is, in fact, cows. "So he has said he wants to make sure that, in order to stop the methane from effecting the ozone layer and from the methane from contaminating the entire planet, he wants to stop the cows from omitting methane". He added: "Call me old-fashioned, but I can imagine the methane that comes out of cow, comes out of the back end of it. "He [Charles] says no, he says no, it comes out of the mouth of the cow, apparently they burp. READ MORE: Meghan Markle tipped for political success as Duchess has 'right credentials' for office "I mean I know they've got a lot of stomaches, cows, but I don't think I've ever seen a cow burp? "But apparently they do". Mr Graham continued: "So he has devised a way of stopping that from happening. "Do you know what it is, its not giving them a glass of Alka-Seltzer in the morning, no, it's not rubbing their tummies, no, it is, in fact, putting a mask on a cow. "That's what he wants to do because apparently that's going to stop the burping, or at least when they do burp, the methane that emits from their mouths is not going to contaminate the atmosphere. He added: "I mean, this bloke wants to be the next King of the United Kingdom, Great Britain and Northern Ireland, are you serious?". READ MORE: Thomas Markle would be ‘welcomed with open arms’ if came to UK – POLL The future King met with the contraption’s designer during a climate change event, during which he aired concerns over the ‘urgency’ with which it is being tackled. During Wednesday's visit, Charles was assured the face device "doesn’t bother them at all’" when he asked if it was "annoying" for the cow wearing it. Speaking at the event, Charles said there are "crises that are confronting us in all directions" arising from climate change. This is what highlighted the importance of ‘finding solutions rapidly’. He added that, with the designers’ ingenuity, "we will have a better chance of winning this battle in shorter time". DON'T MISS After arriving at the exhibition, which was housed in the RCA's Dyson Gallery, Charles was greeted by product designer Sir Jony Ive and the vice-chancellor of the university Dr Paul Thompson. Francisco Norris, the founder of Startup Zelp, said it was a “great honour” to meet and speak with Prince Charles at the event.