Dominic Thiem has fired a warning to his fellow Grand Slam champions including Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal as he eyes winning more of the sport’s “biggest titles” on his return from a wrist injury. The former world No 3 got injured during the Mallorca Open last June and recently made his comeback at a Challenger event. Thiem is gearing up for a return to the ATP Tour after being sidelined for almost a year. The 28-year-old recently played his first professional match since June at the Marbella Challenger and was set to return to the main tour before being struck by Covid. The 2020 US Open champion is now hoping to be back in time for the Monte Carlo Masters, also eyeing the Serbia Open as a back-up if he isn’t ready in time for the first Masters 1000 of the clay swing next week. And Thiem has made no secret that he’s aiming to get straight back to the top of tennis as a former world No 3 and Grand Slam champion. Ahead of his upcoming return to the tour, the Austrian said his goals were simply “that I can play for the biggest titles and win against everyone.” He has already proven he can beat the best at the most important, with wins over Djokovic at tournaments like the French Open and Nadal at the Aussie Open, and a victory over Roger Federer to win his maiden Masters 1000 in Indian Wells three years ago, and is ready to return to his old form. JUST IN: Alcaraz tipped to follow Nadal by winning 'double digit' Grand Slams  Thiem is known for thriving on the clay, previously being dubbed the ‘prince of clay’ to Nadal’s ‘king’ title, and will be up for the challenge of threatening Nadal and Djokovic for Grand Slam titles including the French Open, having made the final on two previous occasions. He is also set to be ready to go for Djokovic’s home tournament in Belgrade, played at his own Novak Tennis Centre where his brother Djordje is the tournament director. "I have to see how I'm doing,” the 17-time title winner said of being back in time for Monte Carlo. “I then had a break, didn't do anything. If I'm negative and have the green light, I'll start and see if it works out. If not, Belgrade is the plan.” DON'T MISSFederer and Nadal 'sportsman' attitude 'boring' in Zverev comparisonMedvedev and Russian players face fresh ban threat from WimbledonTennis ace slaps opponent at the net causing ugly brawl   After losing his first match back in Marbella, Thiem was originally meant to play the ATP 250 in Marrakech before testing positive for Covid the day after his loss to Pedro Cachin but is already feeling better. "I have mild symptoms, I have a bit of a cold, a cough every now and then, a little tired. But all in all relatively mild,” he added, giving an update on his symptoms. And Thiem raring to go and ready to return to beating the top players, Djokovic and Nadal have been given some relief as the current world No 50 admitted his game was still lacking in the early stages of his comeback. Explaining where he was falling short the 28-year-old said: "It's these automatisms, hitting, moving on after a good shot. Playing 10, 15 good shots in a row, that's all missing. The forehand isn't there either where it was before."   