Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine has resulted in Russia coming under severe financial strain as western sanctions bite. Inside Russia itself, the country is also facing a brain drain with "over 300,000" Russians believed to have emigrated since the conflict erupted. Mr Petraeus told The Backstory with Andrew Neil: "This is, in a sense, a contest of wills between President Zelensky, the Ukrainian forces and the Ukrainian people and they have done extremely well. "Much, much better than most analysts thought, and certainly better than the Russians apparently assessed that they would do. "But each day there's a toll in terms of loss of soldiers, civilians and critical infrastructure in Ukraine. "Then on the other hand, you have President Putin who has watched his military be beaten, who has seen the flagship of his Black Sea Fleet be sunk and is watching as his economy, financial system, business community, and his own inner circle, are all been damaged very, very severely." JUST IN: 'Putin on brink: Exiled oligarch says next round of sanctions to deliver 'serious blow He added: "There is a bit of a haemorrhage of talented Russians over 300,000 of them now probably in that area, at least, who no longer want to live in a country whose president is doing what Russia is doing to its neighbouring country Ukraine." Mr Petraeus also argued on a podcast that Putin has failed to make Russia more powerful and has instead only "made NATO great again, in a big way". The retired US general said: "The irony here is, of course, that [Putin] has done more to be a catalyst to stoke Ukrainian nationalism than any other developments since the end of the Soviet Union. "In trying to make Russia great again, he's actually made the Ukrainians great.  "He's also made NATO great again, in a big way. "I mean, now he is faced by the prospect of two countries that have never joined NATO, Finland and Sweden potentially joining NATO." He added: "Beyond that, of course, he's done enormous - perhaps irrevocable - damage to various sectors of the economy, to his financial system, to the best and brightest in his population and to those most indebted to him in his inner circle. "How does he get out of this? Presumably, he's going to declare victory at some point and go home and he's trying to achieve something in the southeast that might enable him to do that. DON'T MISS: Horror as British man 'stabbed to death' in Algarve holiday resort [NEWS]Homeowner's 'happiness is ruined' by neighbour's trampoline by fence [INSIGHT]Death of cash warning as number of high street cash machines plummets [EXPLAINER] "But it ends badly is the bottom line. "There's no happy ending here whatsoever. It's just how bad will the ending be for his neighbour and a former Republican the USSR and for his own country, which is now a pariah in the rest of the world." Having been beaten back in an initial attempt to storm the capital Kyiv, Russian forces have regrouped for what Moscow says is a campaign to "liberate" the eastern Donbas region, part of which has been held by Russian-backed separatists since 2014. Last week, a Russian general went further, saying Russia would look to take the whole of the east and south of Ukraine. 