Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning and lifestyle influencer with more than 4.4 million followers on Instagram. The cleaning expert shares cleaning advice, DIY tips and a peek inside her life on her social media channels. Fans of hers have also created their own cleaning groups in her name dedicated to sharing cleaning and tidying tips, one of which includes how to remove tape marks from hard surfaces. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips and tricks Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to remove tape marks from her UPVC front door. Nicola Kirby wrote: “Can anyone help? I put double-sided sticky tape on my composite UPVC front door, thought it was a good idea to attach paper painted in various colours to see which looked best. “Took the paper down and the tape won’t budge. Does anyone have a miracle solution please?” When applied to surfaces like walls and doors, tape can often leave stubborn sticky residue that can become a nightmare to remove. READ MORE: Weeds: Use baking soda to quickly get rid of ‘stubborn’ patio weeds Fortunately, cleaning enthusiasts are on hand to share how to easily remove these marks. Nicola’s post received over 300 comments from fellow Mrs Hinch fans eager to share their cleaning tips and tricks. The most common solution was to use mayonnaise to remove the tape residue. Aaron Smith said: “Applying mayonnaise for 10 to 15 minutes should help. That’s what I used on my PVC door that had stuck-on residue from tape and it cam off a treat.” DON'T MISS: Inside Queen Letizia of Spain's 11-bedroom baroque palace in Madrid [INSIGHT]Prince George's new school in Windsor could cost £25k a year - inside [COMMENT]Bottle cleaning: How to use rice to clean ‘irregularly-shaped’ bottles [EXPERT] Tammy Long suggested: “Rub mayonnaise on it and let it sit for 20 minutes or so and should peel right off after the oils have soaked under it.” Jackie Woodward commented: “Mayonnaise takes it off after five to 10 minutes.” Alison Cox advised: “Mayonnaise works well on sticky residue and is natural.” Melissa Sue added: “Cover the area in mayonnaise and let it sit for a few minutes, the oils will break down the adhesive.” This product is great as the oil in the mayonnaise works to break down the sticky residue in a matter of minutes. Mayonnaise can be purchased from Tesco for as little as 40p. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using WD-40 to remove tape residue. Lindsay McLean said: “Have you tried a spray of WD-40? I’ve used that to remove sticky stuff before.” Naoive Coggin commented: “WD-40 is magic on sticky stuff.” Pam Maddock explained: “WD-40, spray on and leave for a couple of minutes, then rub off with a clean dry cloth. “You may have to give it a couple of goes, depending on how much tape and how sticky it is. Once off, wipe the surface down with a damp cloth.” Cherry Philip wrote: “WD-40, leave on for 10 minutes and should rub off.”