Former GQ Editor Dylan Jones, who ran the fashion and lifestyle magazine for more than 20 years, employed Mr Johnson to work as motoring correspondent in 1999. And it seems one of the current PM’s major contributions was to rack up parking fines. Of Mr Johnson’s time at the magazine, Mr Jones wrote in the Sunday Times: “"There soon appeared to be something of a problem, however, as the managing editor started to get sent rather a lot of parking tickets. "And when I say a lot, I mean a lot; in Boris's own words, they started accumulating 'like drifting snow on the windshield. "I once worked out that, over the decade he worked for GQ, Boris had cost us about £4,000 in parking tickets. "But then he'd also written more than a hundred incredibly funny motoring columns, so I figured it was worth it." READ MORE: Most drivers believe they’ve been ‘ripped off’ when selling a car However while parking tickets were numerous, Mr Johnson managed to avoid speeding fines according to the former editor. He said: "And I've got a pretty good idea why. "When the cars were delivered to his house in Islington, the car company always made a note of the mileage, something that is standard practice. "The mileage would also be noted when they came to pick them up again. And on more than one occasion - OK, on many, many, many occasions - the mileage was precisely the same. "So I leave you to draw your own conclusions." Downing Street declined to comment on the story. The PM, who last week jetted out to India after so far avoiding a fine for breaking lockdown rules, is still in hot water over the 'Partygate' scandal, with united cross-party MPs allowing a Labour motion for the Prime Minister to be investigated for allegedly deliberately misleading Parliament. Chief whips are gearing up for a vote of no confidence for the Tory leader following months of outrage from the public and opposition parties but sources suggest Mr Johnson could call a general election in order to stop them. It seems a section of the Tory party has been paying attention to the dismay felt by the public, with 46 letters of no confidence having now been sent to Sir Graham Brady, chair of the Tory 1922 Committee. Cabinet Minister Brandon Lewis tried to minimise the severity of the partygate penalty by comparing it to a parking fine before having to U-turn in a disastrous interview last week. Mr Johnson’s efforts to focus on trade and diplomacy were derailed by the ongoing row. He told journalists in India that he would still be Prime Minister in the autumn - despite growing Tory discontent. Police have reportedly begun handing out fines to attendees of a BYOB gathering in the Downing Street garden in May 2020 - which the PM has admitted to attending briefly. Mr Lewis told Radio 4: "He accepts the fine, he accepts the police decision which is that a rule was broken. That's why he's paid the fine and apologised." However Downing Street said that Mr Johnson hasn’t had a fixed penalty fine as yet. "When Mr Lewis was challenged to back up his comments, he said: "If somebody gets a speeding ticket, I'm not in any way trying to equate a speeding ticket somebody has had with the situation, the sacrifices people have made through Covid. "I want to be really clear about that."