Britain's Got Talent is one of the nation's favourite competition shows and it will return to ITV later in April. The auditions will be airing weekly before the daily semi-final rounds, in the run-up to the grand final. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when the new series will air. ITV has now confirmed the series will return on Saturday, April 16 at 8pm. Simon Cowell will be returning to the judging panel following his electric bike accident last season. He will be joined by Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams. Alesha shared a video of hosts Ant McPartlin and Dec Donnelly, with the message: "FINALLY! #BGT is BACK on Saturday the 16th of April on @ITV and @WeAreSTV." In the video, Dec says: "It's been such a long time since Britain's Got Talent's been on our screens." READ MORE: Jeremy Vine guest furiously slaps down Just Stop Oil protestor The presenting duo then revealed the release date and the video cuts to applause by the judges and audience. Season 15 has been a long time coming as fans have had to miss out for two years. The 2020 series was won by Jon Courtenay, a singer and comedian. He was awarded the golden buzzer during his audition by presenters Ant and Dec. The last season also made history with an award-winning moment featuring the dance troupe Diversity. The group won a BAFTA for Must-See Moment of the year, for their Black Lives Matter performance. Dancer Ashley Banjo thanked the public for showing their support following thousands of complaints after the dance. Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the show's imminent return. Reem said: "I'm so so so damn excited welcome back!!!" Barrie Scott said: "What a way to spend my birthday, looking forward to it." DON'T MISS... Carolina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Carolina Santos? [INSIGHT] Amanda Holden, 51, stuns fans as she poses with one leg above her head [PICTURES] Amanda Holden slams UK 'bureaucracy' as she heads to Ukraine [DISCUSSION] The upcoming series was planned to air in 2021, but ITV and the show's production team were concerned about Covid restrictions. There was a worry as to how filming would take place amid government rules at the time. The series was due to be postponed until later that year, but it was eventually decided to hold off until 2022. Filming began in January this year, with Ant and Dec confirming the update on Instagram. Sharing a photo of themselves at the side of the iconic stage, they said: "Long time no #BGT, but we're BACK!" Fans flocked to the comments to say how they had missed the escapist series. The show provides uplifting entertainment for viewers at the weekends. It has become a staple part of the Saturday night schedule since it first started airing.  Britain's Got Talent is returning to ITV on Saturday April 16 at 8pm.