In a set of bumper polls that ran from 4pm on Thursday, April 14, to 10am on Tuesday, April 19, Express.co.uk asked readers’ opinions on whether Harry and Meghan should return to the UK in addition to visiting The Netherlands for the Invictus Games, and if should they bring their children to the UK in the future. First Express.co.uk asked: “Should Meghan and Harry come to the UK after visiting Holland?” A total of 20,715 people answered with the vast majority of respondents – 89 percent (18,469 people) – answering “no”, they should not visit the UK. A further nine percent (1,934 people) said “yes”, and just two percent (312 people) said they did not know. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stopped over at Windsor Castle on their way to The Hague to attend the Invictus Games, a sporting event for serving military personnel and veterans founded by Harry in 2014. A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed on Friday, April 15, that the couple had visited the Queen. Harry said “it was great to see her” when describing the visit to the BBC later on. It marked the first time Harry and Meghan had made a joint trip to the UK since stepping back as senior royals in 2020. Harry has only returned to the UK on two occasions to attend his grandfather Prince Philip's funeral and later to unveil a statue of his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales. In a second question, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should the Sussexes bring Archie and Lilibet home to the UK?” In total 20,431 people cast their votes with the dominant response being “no” they should not bring Archie and Lilibet home to the UK with 82 percent (16,774 people) opting for this answer. In addition, 14 percent (2,934 people) of respondents said “yes” while four percent (723 people) said they did not know. Meghan and Harry are raising their two children, Archie, two, and Lilibet, ten months, in Montecito, California. Finally, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Harry bring Lilibet to meet the Queen?” A total of 20,482 people responded to this question with the majority – 65 percent (13,414 people) saying “no” Harry should not bring Lilibet to meet the Queen. Meanwhile, 30 percent (6,067 people) of voters said “yes” and just five percent (1,001 people) said they did not know. Meghan and Harry’s daughter Lilibet was born in California on June 4 and is yet to visit the UK. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article with readers sharing their views on Meghan and Harry visiting the UK with their children in the future. The overwhelming response from readers in the comments was against the Sussexes visiting the UK. DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan have ‘a lot to prove’ ahead of Netflix Invictus Games documentary launch [ANALYSIS]Royal POLL: Should Meghan and Harry return to UK for Platinum Jubilee celebrations? [VOTE]Harry security leaves UK humiliated as Dutch step in to protect Duke 'How embarrassing!' [VIDEO] Username Made in Britain said: “Not wanted here! Her Majesty may forgive but the public will not.” Username JanetWCQ1958 wrote: “No thanks. They quit and we are managing very well without them.” And username patmassie said: “The damage has been done and they should stay away from the UK.” Username Immortality said: “No, they turned their backs on the Queen and country.” Meanwhile, some readers said that they should come back but only for visits with username Greeneyz commenting: “Yes. Harry and Meghan should come back to the UK, but only for a visit.” Some thought that Lilibet should be introduced to the Queen in private. Username plainoldme said: “The queen should meet Lillibet but privately.” And username peggy52 said: “Harry should bring his children to meet the Queen.” Username MountErebus, wrote: “If the Queen would like to see Lilibet, I am all in favour.” While username montgomery said: “Harry needs to bring his family to see the queen. Needs to do this for his beloved grandmother. She has done nothing but support Harry.” Another user, She48, said: “I say he should come back with the Queen’s two great-grandchildren once the celebrations have finished. “He should be able to come and go quietly as they did on Thursday with no fanfare.” Reports suggest that the couple have been invited to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony among other family events during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations from June 2 to 5 A spokesperson for the Sussexes said on Monday that they were not in a position to discuss future travel plans.