Katie Taylor and Amanda Serrano are gearing up for an epic showdown on Saturday evening, in which they will become the first female boxers to headline at Madison Square Garden. Promoter Eddie Hearn insists that the scrap will be a game-changer in women's boxing and many have tipped Serrano to give Taylor her sternest test yet. It does not take a trained eye to see that the duo head into the bout with a clash of styles. Serrano's brazen personality carries through into the ring where she has a significantly higher knockout rate than her more reserved opponent. The Puerto Rican is promoted by YouTube star Jake Paul, and has not been beaten in over a decade. That being said, Taylor holds the WBA, WBC, IBF, WBO and The Ring magazine lightweight belts and she has successfully defended them five times. The Irish fighter has fought twice at Madison Square Garden before, most recently against Delfine Persoon in 2019 when many felt that she was fortunate to come away with the decision. Many expect Serrano to pose an even sterner test than Persoon did over their two fights, and the 33-year-old is gunning for titles in a seventh weight category. She was last in action in December last year when she earned a unanimous decision victory over Miriam Gutierrez, just one week after Taylor achieved the same result against Firuza Sharipova. Express Sport provides you with all the important details ahead of a blockbuster night in New York. Katie Taylor vs Amanda Serrano Jessie Vargas vs Liam Smith Franchon Crews Dezurn vs Elin Cederroos Galal Yafai vs Miguel Cartagena Reshat Mati vs Joe Eli Hernandez Khalil Coe vs William Langston Austin Williams vs Chordale Booker Skye Nicolson vs Shanecqua Paisley Davis The main event ring walks for Taylor and Serrano are scheduled to get underway at 3am in the early hours of Sunday morning, which is 10pm on Saturday night (April 30) for US viewers. The event will be shown on DAZN from 12:30am UK time on Sunday morning, with the undercard due to get underway around the same time. DAZN subscriptions cost £7.99 per month and it can be watched on multiple devices including smart TV, laptop and mobile app.