The news comes as the UK Health Security Agency has added nine new signs to the official list of Covid symptoms — including bodily aches, a blocked/runny nose, diarrhoea, fatigue, headache, loss of appetite, nausea/sickness, shortness of breath and a sore throat. These join the three original official symptoms – cough, fever and loss of smell or taste. However, neurological complications like headaches and confusion are often among the first symptoms of SARS-CoV-2 to manifest. These signs can also prove to be the most persistent and severe, and affect people indiscriminately with regards to factors like age, disease severity and concurrent conditions — but much is still unclear about how the virus targets the brain during infection. The new study was undertaken by immunologist and microbiologist Professor Tracy Fischer of the Tulane National Primate Research Center in Louisiana and her colleagues. In the spring of 2020, at the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic, Prof Fischer began analysing the brain tissue of several rhesus macaques and African green monkeys that had been infected with SARS-CoV-2. The team found evidence of severe brain inflammation and injury in the samples, including both neuron damage and death, all consistent with a reduction in either blood flow or oxygen supply to the brain. They also noted signs of small bleeds in the brain tissue. What surprised the researchers, however, was that these symptoms appeared in primates who had not suffered severe respiratory disease from contracting Covid. The findings were so striking, the team explained, that the researchers spent another year refining their procedures in order to be sure that the brain damage was indeed the result of the SARS-CoV-2 infection. Prof Fischer said: “Because the subjects didn’t experience significant respiratory symptoms, no one expected them to have the severity of disease that we found in the brain. “But the findings were distinct and profound, and undeniably a result of the infection.” In their paper, the team added: “Even minor, but sustained, reductions in oxygen may promote injury, particularly among neurons, which appear to have suffered the greatest insult in this study.” READ MORE: UK on course for ‘very damaging wave’ of Covid infections According to the researchers, the findings from the macaques' brain samples were consistent with the results of autopsies of people who have died after contracting Covid. This suggests that macaques provide an appropriate proxy for studying the impact of SARS-CoV-2 on the central nervous system in humans. The team added: “This further increases the significance of non-human primates as a viable model for elucidating the mechanisms that underlie SARS-CoV-2-associated neuropathology that are translatable to human disease, as it can be more closely examined in animals that do not experience mortal disease. “Additionally, neuropathological complications may contribute to worsening disease among infected patients. “For example, damage to the brainstem, which modulates the respiratory cycle by regulating inspiratory and expiratory muscle activity, may contribute to worsening respiratory distress and failure in patients with COVID-19. “Additional studies, employing relevant animal models, are warranted and likely to reveal important insight into human disease.” DON'T MISS:New mutant 'XE' Omicron variant could be most transmissible yet [REPORT]Putin humiliated as Britain refuses Russia's plan to boost economy [ANALYSIS]World War 3 risk ‘high’ as China, North Korea and Iran exploit West [INSIGHT] The researchers said that they hope that their study — and similar in the future — will improve our understanding of the short, and long-term neurological consequences of Covid and pave the way for new therapies. They added: “Our findings and conclusions suggest the need for long-term neurological follow-up of persistently symptomatic convalescent patients.” It is estimated that more than 1.3 million Britons have been affected by long Covid. The full findings of the study were published in the journal Nature Communications.