Former BrexitParty MEP Ben Habib lashed out after Boris Johnson seemingly caved to France in the bitter row with France over fishing licences and access to British coastal waters. European Union fishing commissioner Virginijus Sinkevicius said all licences requested by French boats to operate in UK coastal waters had been granted, with around 70 permits outstanding. The Brexit deal ensured the UK's share of fishing quotas in its waters increased from 2021 to 2026 but in territorial waters 6-12 miles from the coast, Britain had granted permission for French vessels who had previously fished there to continue. The two countries have been furiously fighting over the issue, with French boats blocking the harbours in Jersey and France threatening to ask the EU to take legal action over the matter. Mr Habib has launched a scathing attack against the Prime Minister, and told Express.co.uk: "This is another example of a broken promise from Boris Johnson on Brexit - in fact, he hasn't kept a single promise on Brexit. "He hasn't taken control of our borders as we have illegal immigrants coming in. "The border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland is not in our control. "He hasn't taken control of our laws because the European Court of Justice remains as the supreme authority over some of the UK's and all of Northern Ireland's laws. "In the Trade and Cooporation Agreement, we are remained committed to the European Convention of Human Rights, which the Prime Minister repeatedly promised we would extricate ourselves from. "We're tethered at the waist to the EU." "I challenge the PM to show me one promise he has kept on Brexit." READ MORE: Brexit fury as Wales and Scotland ‘short-changed’ out of £1.25bn In the run up to general election in 2019, Mr Johnson had promised to "Get Brexit Done" whilst the UK and EU were engaged in intense talks over the Withdrawal Agreement. Just days later a deal was signed, but Mr Habib claimed the Prime Minister's general election is now totally worthless. He continued: "It was the promise to 'Get Brexit Done' that got the Prime Minister elected in the first place. "He keeps standing up in the Commons saying he's got it done, but he hasn't. DON'T MISSUkraine LIVE: British troops '100% ready' for escalation [BLOG]Eurozone alert after 'significant shock' nightmare - Ukraine war fears [COMMENTS]Immigration data shows Priti Patel scrambling for solution with Rwanda [ANALYSIS] "But because Labour are a Remain party and Keir Starmer is effectively a Remainer, Boris doesn't get challenged on the fact he hasn't got Brexit done. "In addition, many of the so-called spartan European Research Group (ERG) members don't actually know what the deal is." The comments come with Lord Frost admitting Britain "needs the benefits of Brexit to start paying off" as pressure builds on the Prime Minister The UK's former chief Brexit negotiator told LBC: "I think there's a lot more we could do with the vaccine rollout leading on Ukraine and restoring democracy to the country. "Let's not forget that is the most important point of Brexit in many EU countries. You can't decide everything through elections. We now can, but I would like to see us doing more. "For example, on planning reform, on procurement reform, on restoring flexible labour markets, reducing tariffs and going harder on free trade deals. "All these sorts of things so that some of the benefits start to be visible and pay off."