"He thought the public wasn't ready for a book that was moderately sympathetic to the Germans," Higgins recounted in a 2010 interview. "When he pitched it to one publisher as the story of 'a bunch of Krauts running around trying to kill Winston Churchill', he had the phone put down on him. Another thought Eagle was a bird book." The Second World War thriller sold more than 50 million copies worldwide for Higgins, the pen name of Henry Patterson, and transformed the career of the struggling espionage writer who taught liberal studies at Leeds Polytechnic to boost his earnings.  The Eagle Has Landed was turned into a film of the same name starring Michael Caine, Donald Sutherland, Jenny Agutter and Robert Duvall, turbocharging Higgins' name too. He published 85 books in all, more than 250 million copies which were translated into 55 languages. Not bad for a working-class lad from Newcastle upon Tyne who was repeatedly told he would never amount to anything much. Henry Patterson was born to an English father, also Henry Patterson, and an Northern Irish mother, Mary (née Higgins Bell). After his father walked out, his mother took them to live in Belfast's Shankill Road where sectarian violence was rife. He read Oliver Twist at the age of six, after learning to read at three.   After his mother remarried, they returned to England to live in Leeds, where he attended Roundhay Grammar School for Boys. It was an unhappy time. He left with few qualifications and began two years of National Service with the East Yorkshire Regiment in 1947, spending time on the East German border. On his return, he attended teacher training college and gained a third-class degree in sociology, going to work as a teacher. But he pursued his dreams, penselling ning a succession of unsuccessful thrillers until The Eagle Has Landed, written at night with cigars and champagne, changed his fortunes forever. He is survived by his second wife, Denise, their three daughters and a son by a first marriage. Jack Higgins born July 27, 1929, died April 9, 2022, aged 92 