On Saturday night, Britain’s Got Talent made a return to ITV after its two-year hiatus. Judges Simon Cowell, Alesha Dixon, David Walliams and Amanda Holden were back on the panel to give their feedback on some of the best acts in Britain. Viewers were also thrilled to see Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly back on stage to front the programme. Simon decided to cancel last year’s BGT due to the coronavirus pandemic. The series was also meant to be his first TV comeback since his horrific bike accident in LA. Simon has produced and been a judge on the ITV talent show since 2007. When BGT first began Piers Morgan, Sharon Osbourne, Amanda and Simon sat on the panel. READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts Simon has shaken up the judging panel over the years and often invites celebrity guests to sit alongside him. However, the judges have stayed the same since 2012, which is when David and Alesha joined the show. Simon also produces America’s Got Talent, which has also become a huge success over the years. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk and other press, the 62-year-old addressed whether he has any plans to leave BGT and let a new judge take the reins. When asked whether he has ever thought about walking away from the show, Simon simply replied “Oh god yeah. “I mean, anytime I think no one's going to turn up [to auditions] anymore or the shows are going to get worse, of course, I would do that. “I have always been like that throughout my life. The [two-year] gap definitely made a difference, having that year off because it was feeling a little bit routine. “And it's a huge setup this show [to make it] so having that extra time, we all appreciate it more now.” DON'T MISS...Carole Malone erupts in firey election debate over Partygate row [VIDEO]Death in Paradise star snubbed for BBC role over language difficulty [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Daniel Osbourne for affair with co-worker [SPOILERS] “I'm praying that the audience feels the same way when it comes back on,” Simon went on to add. Discussing why he made the decision to pull the show last year, Simon admitted it was a “really last-minute” decision. “We had to make the decision very late when we pulled the show that year,” Simon continued. “So, we had to deal with that and then there was a kind of a nervous excitement about coming back.” The music mogul explained he was thrilled to be back filming again with his fellow judges. “But I’ve got to be honest, it did feel different,” the show producer admitted. “Maybe because we've been off-air for a year, maybe because we had an audience, all those kinds of things we took for granted. “It felt fun actually, I’ll tell you what it felt like, almost like the first or second year I made the show, a very similar vibe to that.” Britain’s Got Talent returns on Sunday at 7.35pm on ITV.