Ofgem announced a record increase in the price cap in February, which took effect last week, placing households across the country under enormous stress when it comes to their energy bills. When it comes to cooking, one expert has recommended cooking on a gas hob as well as washing clothing at a cooler temperature. The price cap, which was introduced back in 2019, sets a limit on the maximum amount suppliers can charge for each unit of gas and electricity used. It is reviewed every six months, with costs expected to rise even further in October. Ofgem said the rise at the beginning of the month was due to an increase in fixed network costs, an increase in policy costs as well as the cost of moving people whose firm went bust last year to new suppliers. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Jordan Chance, a heating expert from PlumbNation answered some of the most commonly asked questions when it comes to energy bills. READ MORE: Princess Anne's £750k home has 'decor of a 100-year-old' - see inside Is it cheaper to boil water in an electric kettle or a pan on a gas hob? The expert explained: “As a kettle’s water is heated from the inside, it is more efficient for heating water, using fewer units of energy in comparison to a gas hob. “However, it should be noted that gas costs are typically less than those of electricity and so it is technically cheaper to boil your water on a gas hob, despite the additional units of energy it takes to heat.” When cooking foods such as pasta, it is recommended to only heat the amount of water needed. This can help to cut costs further. DON'T MISS:Phil Spencer: Top tips on preparing to move home [EXPERT]How to properly wash your bed sheets to ‘eradicate dust mites’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans use white vinegar to clean television screens [EXPLAINER] Are electric or gas hobs cheaper to cook on? Jordan said: “Gas hobs are the cheapest option for cooking, with regards to both installation and running costs. “Similarly they also provide for a faster and more controlled cooking experience.” Electric hobs typically tend to take longer to cook on because of their wattage. They can also take a while to cool down too when lowering the heat. Should Britons microwave soup rather than using a hob? The expert explained: “Microwaves are one of the most energy-efficient appliances. “However, as previously highlighted, gas is a cheaper alternative to electricity and therefore cooking your soup on a gas hob is the cheapest option.” Microwaves are efficient as they only heat the food itself rather than waste energy heating the air around them For those who have microwaves on their countertops, another tip to save energy is to turn them off at the plug after every use. Is it a waste of energy to leave a phone charger plugged in? Jordan said: “Any charger that is left plugged in and switched on will continue to use electricity, regardless of whether a mobile phone is attached or not. “Even though the amount of electricity produced is minimal, additional costs can equate to as much as £80 per year, and the lifespan of your charger can also quickly decrease.” Can clothes be washed properly at less than 40 degrees? According to Jordan, 40 degrees celsius is one of the most popular temperatures when it comes to washing. He added: “[Despite this] modern washing detergents are continuously being developed to successfully allow washes to be completed at 30 degrees. “Not only does washing your clothes at 30 degrees make a huge difference to washing machine costs, but it can also help to refresh and protect your clothes, whilst minimising the risk of shrinkage.”