Arsenal fan Piers Morgan has pinpointed three signings he believes would make the club challenge for the Premier League title again, 18 years since their last success. Last summer, the Gunners were the English top-flight's highest spenders, and Mikel Arteta could splash similar expenditure ahead of the 2022-23 season. On Tuesday, Morgan took to Twitter to proclaim Arsenal should sign Declan Rice, Gabriel Jesus and Cristiano Ronaldo to regain their status as title contenders. All three players could be on the move from their respective clubs this summer, and the broadcaster wants Arteta to pounce. Technical director Edu is understood to be working on a deal to sign Jesus from Manchester City, but Rice and Ronaldo are unquestionably rogue shouts. However, Express Sport runs through how the Gunners could look next season if Arteta and Edu seal all three of Morgan's dream signings. Aaron Ramsdale's £30million switch to the Emirates Stadium after suffering Premier League relegation in back-to-back seasons was widely disputed. But he has firmly replaced Bernd Leno as Arteta's first-choice goalkeeper with assured performances this term and could make his Champions League bow in 22-23. JUST IN: Man Utd ace Paul Pogba receives 'first official contract offer' Takehiro Tomiyasu and Ben White joined Ramsdale in arriving at the Emirates Stadium last summer and will likely be mainstays for the foreseeable future. Gabriel Magalhaes has struck up a strong partnership with White in the heart of Arteta's defence, and William Saliba will enter the picture after returning from his loan at Marseille. Arteta will also be content with his left-back situation once Kieran Tierney returns from injury. READ MORE: Antonio Rudiger slammed over ‘absolute greed’ as Real Madrid close in Thomas Partey has showcased his true quality this season and is central to the Spaniard's plans in north London. Granit Xhaka compliments him well in Arsenal's double pivot, but the Switzerland international would likely be the one to make way if Morgan got his wish and Rice joined from West Ham United. Martin Odegaard has come into his own after his loan switch became permanent at the start of the season. The Norwegian playmaker is an integral component to transition into attacks, and there are growing murmurs he could be the Gunners' captain next season. The attack would be where the most change occurs, with Gabriel Jesus potentially taking a spot at right-wing, where he's heavily featured for Man City this season. It would push Bukayo Saka onto the left, where he can play, and Emile Smith Rowe out of the team. And the most stellar signing of all, Cristiano Ronaldo, would slot in as the sole striker, perhaps rotating with Jesus when he's in need of a rest. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here