If you're a Nintendo Switch owner, then now is the time to pick up some brand new games for your collection. The Spring into Action Sale focuses almost exclusively on single-player games. As part of the sale, Nintendo will discount over 1,000 games from April 28 until May 8. Discounted titles include blockbuster Nintendo first-party exclusives such as Super Mario Odyssey and Zelda: Skyward Sword HD, as well as third-party titles like Final Fantasy X/X-2, BioShock: The Collection and Skyrim. Nintendo explains more: "Players can witness the origins of the Master Sword in The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword HD, discounted for the first time, and travel around the world with Mario and his trusty pal, Cappy in Super Mario Odyssey. "In Fire Emblem: Three Houses, it is up to Byleth to lead their students through their academic lives and in tactical, turn-based battles. They will even meet the Officers Academy’s secret fourth house, the Ashen Wolves, in a new side story featured in the Expansion Pack. "An epic fantasy open world awaits in The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, while Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle offers dynamic turn-based combat with an unlikely team of heroes. "In a bundle including Bayonetta and its sequel Bayonetta 2, discounted for the first time, players can discover an explosive blend of dynamic action and saucy style." The Nintendo Switch Spring Into Action sale goes live at 2pm BST UK time, so head on over to the eShop for a look at all of the discounts. A selection of games on sale can be seen further down the page... New Nintendo Switch eShop sale highlights.... • The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword HD - 33% off • Super Mario Odyssey - 33% off • The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim - 50% off • Mario + Rabbids® Kingdom Battle - 63% off • Dragon Quest XI S: Echoes of an Elusive Age - Definitive Edition - 50% off • Bayonetta 2 + Bayonetta Bundle - 33% off • FINAL FANTASY X/X-2 HD Remaster - 50% off • BioShock: The Collection - 60% off • Ni no Kuni II: Revenant Kingdom - The Prince's Edition - 50% off • Fire Emblem: Three Houses - 33% off