The Duchess of Cambridge’s Alexander McQueen gown, designed by Sarah Burton, has gone down in history as one of the most popular wedding dresses of all time. On the day, royal commentators immediately began making comparisons between Kate’s dress and Grace Kelly’s lace wedding dress.  According to Daena Borrowman, a marketing manager at jewellerybox, Kate simply liked the elegant and chic style of Grace’s dress in 1956. Daena spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain. She said: “Despite thousands of jaw-dropping looks from Kate, one look from a little over a decade ago still lives in our minds - her wedding dress. “It feels like yesterday that the world let out a collective gasp as Kate exited her bridal car to walk down the aisle of Westminster Abbey to marry Prince William.  READ MORE: Peter & Autumn's body language 'looked pretty besotted' post-split “Her regal Victorian gown made fashion history and will continue to live in our minds forever. “Many fashion watchers couldn’t help but draw similarities between Kate’s wedding dress and Grace Kelly's timeless wedding dress from over 50 years ago,” the expert noted. How are the two dresses similar? Daena explained: “Both dresses feature striking long sleeves, perfectly fitted lace bodices and high waisted, full skirts with dramatic long trains.  “Both wedding dresses were designed by formidable female designers. “Kate's £250,000 dress was designed by Sarah Burton, the Creative Director of Alexander McQueen. “Grace Kelly’s gown, which would be worth over £472,000 today, was designed by Helen Rose, the Chief Designer of costumes and clothing at MGM. “In fact, Kate and Grace’s dresses have much more in common than many of us realise.  “A little known fact about both dresses is that the yards upon yards of French lace that was used on both dresses came from the same French lace manufacturer, Solstiss.” Grace Kelly was a Hollywood film star when she married Prince Rainier III of Monaco. The couple tied the knot in 1956 and they were married until she sadly died in 1982. In the documentary Grace Kelly: Hollywood Princess, royal experts explained the influence of her wedding dress. Speaking in the documentary David Emanuel, who helped design Princess Diana's wedding dress, explained Grace's gown took many weeks of preparation.  David said: "I understand it took three dozen seamstresses three weeks." Not only did the dress become a desirable style for all future brides, but it may also have inspired British royalty. The experts suggested Kate’s wedding look could have been inspired by the Princess of Monaco. David continued: "I was reporting for Catherine's wedding and the Duchess of Cambridge's dress, and as soon as I saw it I thought of Princess Grace. "I can see the similarities, I can see the slightly high collar. Lots of lace. It's a very tight bond with your designer so I wouldn't be surprised if she referenced Grace's dress." 