Prue Leith, 82, has been on The Great British Bake Off since 2017, replacing Mary Berry, 87, when the show moved to Channel 4. Presenter Matt Lucas, 48, couldn't help but make a sly jibe about the reason why Prue is on the show, joking that Paul Hollywood "ate" Mary. This evening's Stand Up To Cancer Bake Off saw a group of four celebrities try their best to take home the star apron. These included singer Ellie Goulding, comedian Mawaan Rizwan, actress Tracey-Ann Oberman and TV presenter Sophie Morgan. As presenters Noel Fielding and Matt Lucas introduced Paul and Prue they couldn't help but make a joke or two. Noel began: "Hello kids, welcome to the tent and welcome to the Great Stand Up To Cancer Bake Off." READ MORE: Rod Stewart, 77, dotes on wife Penny Lancaster, 51, in loved-up snap Matt continued: "For your signature challenge the judges would like you each to make an exquisitely decorated marble loaf cake. "Marbles in a loaf, that's going to hurt your teeth isn't it?" Noel joked: "Paul will be fine. He's like a shark, he can eat anything. "I saw him eat a number plate once." Matt then couldn't help but add a savage jibe to the presenters. He said: "Well not a lot of people know this but he actually ate Mary Berry. That's how Prue got the job." The celebrities then broke out into hysterical laughter while Noel smirked and said to Matt: "Unbelievable." Mary was an original judge on the show when it began back in 2010 in BBC Two. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan fires back as Laurence Fox brands him ‘chubby slug’ [OPINION] Liz Hurley, 56, wows fans with jaw-dropping bikini pic [PICTURES] Julia Bradbury addresses 'near-miss' in cancer battle [HEALTH] She became iconic for her hatred of baked goods with "soggy bottoms" and was a favourite on the show until 2016. When the show moved to Channel 4 Mary decided to walk away from the show along with presenters Mel Giedroyc and Sue Perkins. She told the Radio Times at the time: "So I decided to stay with the BBC, with Mel and Sue. "I'd made up my mind. To me it's an honor to be on the BBC. I was brought up on it." Despite leaving the show, Mary's career has gone from strength to strength. She went on to appear in several British TV shows, including Loose Women, Strictly Come Dancing, and This Morning. Mary also got to host her own mini-series, Classic Mary Berry, and the TV series Berry's Quick Cooking. Tonight's episode saw singer ElliE take home the Star Baker apron after performing well in all three challenges.