The mammoth rebuilding job that Erik ten Hag is set to face at Manchester United got even harder this weekend after United's lingering top-four hopes were extinguished in the 3-1 defeat to Arsenal. However, Ten Hag's predecessor, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, previously claimed that the Champions League wasn't the "be all and end all" for United in terms of luring their top transfer targets to Old Trafford - a claim that is now set to be put to the test. The Dutchman has beaten off stiff competition from a host of top-class coaches, including the like of Mauricio Pochettino and Luis Enrique, to try and restore United's fortunes both domestically and in Europe. However, with a woefully underperforming squad, extensive surgery is going to be needed before United are able to challenge for major honours. And Ten Hag will have to try and entice players to Old Trafford without the lure of European football; something that Solskjaer previously insisted shouldn't be a problem for a club of United's stature. The Norwegian's bold claim is now set to be put to the ultimate test in the summer. "The Champions League gives the club resources, more money, that is one thing," Solskjaer told Sky Sports back in 2020. "It is a prestigious tournament to be in of course. If we play well the rest of the season and players that we might want are impressed by that it might be easier to convince them. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Rangnick slams three decisions after Arsenal defeat "So this season with the Europa League, if next season is with or without Champions League I wouldn't say that is the be all and end all for a player to sign for us." Ten Hag's arrival is likely to see wholesale changes at Old Trafford. The club hierarchy had harboured hopes of challenging for the Premier League title this year after finishing in second spot last term - but those lofty ambitions have spectacular disintegrated over the course of a disastrous season. United have already been linked with a plethora of players - both before and after Ten Hag was confirmed as the club's new manager this week - ahead of a crucial summer. The likes of Darwin Nunez, Pau Torres, Antony and Frenkie de Jong have all been tipped to follow Ten Hag in making the move to the Premier League. And while players of that calibre are desperately needed by United, it remains to be seen if their failure to qualify for the Champions League will hamper their hopes of luring such top-quality players to the club. Solskjaer's claim that playing for Manchester United transcended Champions League football for elite players was probably true once upon a time, but United's pulling power has considerably waned since Sir Alex Ferguson stepped away from the club back in 2013. Although Ten Hag is widely acknowledged as one of Europe's most progressive and exciting coaches, he alone may not immediately be able entice the type of players United need to rebuild their rotten squad in the wake of their horrific season. And if that does prove to be the case - and Solskjaer's bold prediction is proved wrong - then the true cost of United's abysmal campaign could be far more expensive than just a fleeting absence from Europe's showpiece tournament.