Iryna Venediktova, along with her team, is gathering evidence of thousands of war crimes committed by the Russian troops. She has stated that Putin “wants to destroy Ukraine and kill all Ukrainians, that is his plan.” Ms Venediktova suggested it is evident how Russia is conducting genocide in Ukraine.  However, as a prosecutor herself, she said she must gather the evidence, particularly in areas such as the besieged city of Mariupol. Russian troops have been raiding Ukraine for almost two months now, and the terrible images of the atrocities of the war, including mass graves, rapes, and tortures of innocent civilians, has sparked global condemnation against Russia. Speaking to Sky News, Ukraine’s top prosecutor said, while referring to the besieged Mariupol: “I will give you the evidence when I have access to this territory.” She went on to describe Putin’s horrific strategy which, according to Ms Venediktova, consists of two sickening parts, and is imposed by the chief commander. She said: "They have Plan A: cities should capitulate. “If a city does not capitulate, they move to Plan B: to scare this population to the maximum. “Kill, rape, torture, and other brutal things.” Asked if she thought the shooting of civilians, execution-style, had been pre-planned by Russia before the invasion, Ms Venediktova said: "I think it is a strategy of their chief of commander because we see the same strategy in other countries. "It is a strategy of war." DON'T MISS: 'Mass grave' of 9,000 people discovered near Mariupol - PICTURESPutin horror as Russian soldiers 'digging up' bodiesChilling revelations over mass graves as 1,200 people killed in Kyiv Previously, Ms Venediktova had revealed 1,222 people are confirmed dead in the Kyiv region. She said an investigation into war crimes has begun, with 500 suspects so far identified. These include senior officials of the Russian army as well as Russian politicians. The number of war crimes identified is now reaching 8,000, according to the top prosecutor. READ MORE: 'The UK and Canada will tackle Russia's sex crimes in Ukraine'Mothers ‘urge Russian sons to murder Ukrainian civilians’Russian troops given permission to rape by wives ‘Use protection'