The technology and analysis techniques were pioneered in England and used genetic information collected through the UK's 100,000 Genomes Project.  Yet again, brilliant scientists have brought pride to our country and hope to families. This nation is blazing a trail by rolling out "whole genome sequencing" through the NHS Genomic Medicine Service. A digital tool has been created to analyse the genetic makeup of tumours and is expected to be in action within 18 months. Professor Serena Nik-Zainal of the University of Cambridge, said the mutational signatures that can be identified are "like fingerprints at a crime scene" that "help to pinpoint cancer culprits". Just as the breakthroughs in Covid vaccine development reminded us of science's enduring potential to push forward human progress and end misery, the talented men and women who have worked on this project have won a victory in the battle against cancer. This work demonstrates the enormous potential for collaboration between the NHS and researchers at the top of their game. Diseases which are a source of fear and suffering today will soon be defeated.  The Prime Minister received a superstar welcome in Gujarat yesterday but there will be cause for real celebration in both India and the UK if Boris Johnson succeeds in his goal of signing a multi-billion free trade deal with India by the autumn. The colossal country is rich in economic potential and the diversity of this democracy is dazzling. Free trade will drive mutual prosperity powered by shared ambitions, and the negotiators should pursue a deal with zeal. The PM visited a JCB plant and the full machinery of Government should be harnessed to push this into reality. ---------------------------- Bank customers will groan at Santander's decision that most branches will only open from 9.30am to 3pm on weekdays from July. This has fuelled worries that banks are "chipping away" at face to face services. Online banking has delivered many benefits but there are occasions when people need to speak to someone in person. Few things are as important as managing household finances, and vulnerable people, in particular, may want an alternative to virtual banking. Those high street banks that remain open for business will reap dividends of goodwill. ------------------------------