Angela Kelly is the Queen’s senior dresser and personal adviser. In an updated version of her book about serving the Queen she has revealed new insights into Royal life during the Covid pandemic. This includes the new role Ms Kelly was required to take on as the Queen’s hairdresser. The Queen spent much of the lockdown in the safety of Windsor Castle, within “HMS Bubble” - believed to be the nickname given to her reduced household of key members of staff. Ms Kelly was one of these members of staff, and would have isolated with the head of state of periods of time. Her book, The Other Side Of The Coin: The Queen, The Dresser And The Wardrobe, was first published in 2019. The newly revised edition covers the Duke of Edinburgh’s funeral, her first public engagements post-lockdown. It also looks ahead to the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. Katya Shipster, Harper Non-Fiction publishing director, said of the updated book: "It tells the story of the royal bubble as well as the lengths Angela and the royal household went to, to ensure the safety of the monarch." READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan and Harry snubbed over invite [INSIGHT] Ms Kelly has worked to keep the Queen’s style relevant in her 30 years of service to her - at one point, even added some bling to her look. She has earned the Queen’s trust over this time, and reportedly the monarch has gradually given Ms Kelly more of a free rein when developing her look. Under Ms Kelly’s wise direction, the Queen has embraced more modern styles and appearances. For instance, the adviser gave a modern twist to the Queen’s look during a film demonstration in Canada in 2010. She added Swarovski crystals on the side of her 3D glasses, forming the letter Q. While Ms Kelly rarely gives interviews, she once said of her relationship with the Queen: "We are two typical women. We discuss clothes, make-up, jewellery." DON'T MISS: Archie Harrison's surname caused heated royal row [INSIGHT]How Camilla slapped down 'pompous' Charles over gin and tonic demand [ANALYSIS]Big Power Switch Off: When will UK blackout take place? [REVEAL] Published on May 12 by HarperCollins, the updated book reveals some behind-the-scenes tricks for the Queen’s attire. For instance, Ms Kelly sews in extra layers of lining to cushion the impact of beading and crystals on the Queen's back when events require glamorous gowns. Similarly, tiny weights are put into day-wear hemlines in case of windy weather. Meanwhile, fabrics that could crumple or develop messy loose strands are avoided. Ms Kelly even wears in the monarch’s handmade new shoes, as she shares her shoe size, to ensure they are comfortable when she first uses them.