For more than seven decades, the Queen's eldest son Prince Charles has been one of the world's most famous princes. But under a set of old royal rules the Royal Family still follows when allocating royal titles, Prince Charles was actually not eligible for a Prince title when he was born in 1948. Despite being a future King and the firstborn son of a future Queen, Prince Charles was not actually guaranteed a Prince title because of rules issued by his great-grandfather, King George V. Royal historian Marlene Koenig told Express.co.uk: "A princess cannot pass her rank and title to her children. This is due to the 1917 Letters Patent which defines who is royal and who is not. "Children of the sovereign, grandchildren in the male line and the eldest son of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales. "The last one was changed by the Queen to include all children of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry to get armed protection from state police  Charles was born under the reign of his grandfather, King George VI, and as he was born to the King's daughter Princess Elizabeth, he was not eligible for a Prince title under the 1917 Letters Patent as a grandchild of the monarch through the female line. And had the King not intervened to fix this issue, Charles would likely have been styled as the Earl of Merioneth, one of his father Philip's royal titles. Ms Koenig explained: "George VI was the father of two daughters, which meant that Princess Elizabeth was the heiress presumptive, not the heiress apparent. "Fast forward to 1948. HRH The Princess Elizabeth, Duchess of Edinburgh is expecting her first child. Her child would not be royal unless the King issued a Letters Patent.  "If George VI had taken no action, Charles would have been styled as the Earl of Merioneth and Anne as the Lady Anne Mountbatten, taking their rank and titles from their father's dukedom - Philip was Duke of Edinburgh, Earl of Merioneth and Baron Greenwich." A Letters Patent was issued by King George VI shortly before Charles' birth, which read: "The KING has been pleased by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the Realm bearing date the 22nd ultimo to define and fix the style and title by which the children of the marriage solemnised between Her Royal Highness The Princess Elizabeth, Duchess of Edinburgh and His Royal Highness Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, shall be designated. "It is declared by the Letters Patent that the children of the aforesaid marriage shall have and at all times hold and enjoy the style title or attribute of Royal Highness and the titular dignity of Prince or Princess prefixed to their respective Christian names in addition to any other appellations and titles of honour which may belong to them hereafter." DON'T MISS:Best pictures of Princess Anne's royal tour so far [PICTURES]Prince Charles will step in for Queen at Maundy Service [INSIGHT]The Queen received £66m necklace as wedding gift - 'Extraordinary' [ANALYSIS]  Before their mother ascended the throne in 1952 as Queen Elizabeth II, Prince Charles and Princess Anne's official titles reflected their father's dukedom. Ms Koenig added: "Thus, royal titles for Elizabeth's children: HRH Prince Charles of Edinburgh and HRH Princess Anne of Edinburgh until their mom succeeded to the throne when Charles became HRH The Duke of Cornwall and the Duke of Rothesay and HRH The Princess Anne. "In Scotland, Charles is styled as HRH The Prince Charles, Duke of Rothesay." The Queen also granted Charles the prestigious Prince of Wales title in 1958 as heir apparent to the throne. 