Richard Keys has blasted 12 Manchester United stars, including Cristiano Ronaldo after the Red Devils suffered yet another Premier League loss at Everton to lose further ground in the race for the final Champions League spot. The former Sky presenter was particularly critical of Paul Pogba and Jadon Sancho after claiming the duo 'show no effort' in the famous red shirt.  United's Champions League chances have taken a huge dent in recent weeks, with Ralf Rangnick's men winning just one of their last five league games. Rangnick took over the side after a 4-1 loss to Watford in November saw Ole Gunnar Solskjaer sacked, although the German has struggled to turn United's fortunes around, picking up just 34 points in 19 league games. United's woeful form on the pitch has been linked to the club's disorganisation and lack of vision in the boardroom by club legends like Gary Neville in recent times. But Keys has launched a scathing attack on United's players, believing the buck falls with them for their poor output this season. "On the subject of United - how poor were this current lot at Everton? Awful is the answer. But how long have we been saying that in this blog," Keys defiantly claimed on his blog. "I’m pleased Everton got the points - but there really was nothing to beat. Absolutely nothing. We weren’t wrong to criticise [Marcus] Rashford here. Nor [Cristiano] Ronaldo. Nor [Paul] Pogba. READ MORE: Liverpool 'exploring Raphinha transfer' despite signing Luis Diaz due to Leeds clause  "[Harry] Maguire can’t help not being very good. At least he tries and the fee wasn’t his fault. Nor was the £80m that United paid for [Jadon] Sancho his fault - but not trying is. I’m afraid he’s another one who needs to ask himself a few hard questions." Keys then turned on Sancho for his poor start to life at United, claiming he has contributed 'nothing at all' in his time at Old Trafford. "I’ll pose one. What exactly has he [Sancho] contributed to United’s season? Nothing right? Nothing at all," he continued. "I had this conversation on-air with Andy (Gray) last Saturday and he was fiercely defending Sancho. That’s fine. I’m sure others will - but let’s put this into context - Luis Diaz has been at Liverpool for 10 minutes and has been on fire. He’s already done more than Sancho has all season." DON'T MISS  And he finished with a striking criticism of Pogba, who he believes 'stinks the place out' whenever he plays. "Fred? Honest trier. Pogba? Waste of space. I repeat what I said last week - I wouldn’t have him anywhere near the club now. He’s stinking the place out," Keys concluded. United currently sit six points behind Tottenham with just seven games to go as they aim to salvage their season. 