  Benedict Cumberbatch, who plays Marvel superhero Doctor Strange, was quick to shut down any notion that he was a showbiz “luvvie” on BBC Radio 2 today. The actor heard an audio clip of co-star Tom Holland doing an impression of him, in which he repeatedly used the word “darling”.      Benedict, 45, appeared on the Zoe Ball Breakfast Show this morning to promote his new film Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. The Sherlock actor has appeared in multiple Marvel films alongside Spider-man actor Tom, 25, who previously appeared on the BBC Radio 2 programme earlier this year. Zoe, 51, played Benedict a clip of Tom from when he was on her show back in February. In the clip, Zoe showed Tom an audio recording of the Doctor Strange star’s hilarious impression of him, which saw the actor raising his voice several notches higher. READ MORE: Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore      Earning a laugh from Tom, Zoe then asked the star if he could do an impression of Benedict. After a brief pause, Tom said: “Err… Ok,” before adopting a significantly posher accent. “Benedict Cumberbatch,” he said, getting into character. “Tom, Darling, would you like to run the lines before we start shooting, darling?” Back in the studio today, Zoe could be heard laughing and called the impression “fabulous”.      When asked what he thought of Tom’s impression, Benedict laughed and replied: “I reckon there’s a definite winner, and it’s not Tom.” The Imitation Game actor then went on to insist that Tom’s impression was not very accurate. “I don’t go all luvvie!” he said. “I’ve never called him ‘darling’ or ‘love’. “I’ve sent my love to him, but I don't think I’ve ever called him ‘darling’ or ‘love’,” he reiterated. READ MORE... Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [NEWS] Piers Morgan threatens to ‘storm into GMB' as hosts warn 'lock doors!' [NEWS] Sandra Bullock admits Daniel Radcliffe was 'not who I expected' [INSIGHT]      Benedict and Zoe could both be heard chucking as Benedict added: “Poor guy - when you put him on the spot like that!” “I know, I know,” Zoe acknowledged, “But he did laugh a lot though!” Benedict then added that the Spiderman star was “very good-natured”. Tom and Benedict most recently appeared on screen together in 2021’s Spider-man: No Way Home.      The third film in Tom’s Spiderman trilogy sees a desperate Peter Parker seek the wise, but arrogant, Dr. Strange for help after the world discovers his superhero identity. However, when a powerful spell goes wrong, it is up to Peter to deal with the fallout. Tom’s on and off-screen partner Zendaya also stars in the film as Peter’s love interest MJ. Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness will be released in the UK on May 5. The Zoe Ball Breakfast show airs weekdays from 6.30am on BBC Radio 2.    