Sophie, Countess of Wessex married Prince Edward back in 1999, but the Queen's daughter-in-law truly appears to have come into her own recently as a member of the Royal Family. Representing the Queen at home and abroad, Sophie has become an integral cog in the royal machine. And according to the latest YouGov data for 'The Most Popular Royalty' poll, Sophie has moved up a rank from eighth last year to a comfortable seventh place.  The latest quarter one of 2022 results shows Sophie's popularity rating has increased from 42 percent last quarter to 44 percent this quarter - a rise of two percent. While almost half of those polled overall liked Sophie, she courted a much higher popularity rating among the older generations. According to YouGov, Sophie earned a 26 percent popularity rating among Millennials and a 51 percent popularity rating from Gen X, but the Baby Boomers ranked Sophie at a very impressive 66 percent. Sophie is one of a handful of royals whose popularity increased in this quarter in YouGov's survey, including the late Prince Philip, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, whom all saw their popularity increase by at least four percent.  READ MORE: Kate’s concern after giving birth to Prince Louis Princess Beatrice, who ranked 12th out of 15 on the list, also saw her popularity increase by two percent to 31 percent this quarter. The Countess of Wessex's increased popularity could be due to several factors, including her steadfast attitude to royal duties. Sophie maintains a busy schedule of royal engagements across the UK and she is a patron of several high-profile charities including the NSPCC and The Guide Dogs for the Blind Association. The Countess also represents the Royal Family on the international stage, and she recently returned from a highly successful visit to New York which highlighted causes supporting women and girls.   Sophie and Prince Edward have also been entrusted by the Queen to visit Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia and St Vincent and the Grenadines for a Platinum Jubilee tour later this month. The Countess may also be popular with the public because of her well-documented dedication to the Queen, especially since Prince Philip died in April 2021. Living just a short drive from the Queen's Windsor Castle at Bagshot Park, Sophie is thought to be counted as a close confidante by the monarch. The latest YouGov polls showed several royals dropped in popularity for quarter one of 2022, including Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Princess Anne.  DON'T MISS:Royal Family ranked: New data shows most and least popular royals [INSIGHT]Brits still back Royal Family - despite 5% rise in calls to abolish it [ANALYSIS]Queen Jubilee 2022 dates: The four-day bank holiday schedule in full [EXPLAINER] Kate, the future Queen Consort, earned a 60 percent popularity rating for this quarter - dropping five percent from 65 percent in the last quarter. Royal stalwart Princess Anne also saw her popularity drop by four percent from 56 percent last quarter to 52 percent this quarter. The full rankings for YouGov's latest 'The Most Popular Royalty' poll are as follows: 