BBC bosses have rescheduled tonight’s Pointless Celebrities with Tom Parker’s charity special episode, which had originally been set to air in a few weeks. The Wanted star appeared on the popular daytime quiz show along with his bandmate and close pal Max George. The pair are hoping to raise money for Tumour Charity and Brain Research UK. The broadcaster planned to air the episode in tribute to the late singer after his death was announced on Wednesday (April 2). The pop star, who had learned to play the guitar at the age of sixteen, was diagnosed with an incurable brain tumour in 2020, Speaking about its decision, the BBC explained: “In a tribute to Tom Parker who sadly passed away this week, his episode of Pointless Celebrities, which was recorded late last year, was brought forward with the full support and blessing of Tom’s family.” According to the NHS website, a malignant brain tumour is a cancerous growth in the brain. He disclosed in October 2020 that he had been diagnosed with stage four glioblastoma and had begun radiotherapy and chemotherapy. READ MORE:Lorraine Kelly blasts Prince Andrew over Turkish 'fraudster' claims His wife Kelsey Hardwich confirmed the heartbreaking news, on Instagram, saying:” It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side. The mother of two shared with her followers: “‘Our hearts are broken. “Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. “Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout." “He fought until the very end, I’m forever proud of you,” she said. Tom along with bandmates Siva Kaneswaran, Nathan Sykes and Jay McGuiness formed The Wanted in 2009. The music group had two UK number one singles, Glad You Came and All Time Low, with eight other top 10 hits including Chasing The Sun, Heart Vacancy and Lightning. Last September, The Wanted reunited for a special Stand Up To Cancer Gig at London's Royal Albert Hall and during some of their last shows earlier this month,Tom made an appearance sitting down on a throne while facing into the audience as they lovingly cheered for the late-star. The Bolton-born musician has been married to Kelsey since 2018 and they welcomed their son, Bodhi, in October last year, while their eldest daughter, Aurelia Rose was born a year after the couple had tied the knot. The Glad You Came singers said they were "devastated" by Parker's death and that they were with him and his family at his side when he died. On the band’s official Instagram account, the group shared: “Max, Jay, Siva, Nathan and the whole Wanted family are devastated by the tragic and premature loss of our bandmate Tom Parker, who passed away peacefully at lunchtime today surrounded by his family and his bandmates. “Tom was an amazing husband to Kelsey, and father to Aurelia and Bodhi." “He was our brother, words can’t express the loss and sadness we feel,” they added: “Always and forever in our hearts.” Non-profit organisation Brain Tumour Research UK released a statement commending the 33-year-old for his fundraising efforts. The charity's Hugh Adams said: "Since his diagnosis, Tom has spoken openly and honestly about the impact of the disease. “In doing so, [Tom] has helped to raise awareness of the devastation caused by brain tumours." Pointless Celebrities airs tonight at 7:50pm on BBC One.