Ukrainian city councillor and defence force volunteer Kateryna Ukraintseva recalled the atrocities she saw in the Ukrainian town of Bucha, which has been the subject of global outcry over civilian killings after harrowing images emerged. Ms Ukraintseva told how Russian soldiers gave rations to those sheltering in a basement, many children and the elderly, before throwing a grenade in.  Writing for The Daily Telegraph, she said: "At one point, Russian soldiers gave their dry rations to people in a basement, and then threw a grenade into the basement. “That happened. I don’t have data about casualties from that story. During one of their 'clean-up operations', they were afraid to go into a dark basement in an apartment complex, so they threw a grenade in, just in case. By pure chance, nobody died.” The discovery of a mass grave and tied bodies shot at close range in Bucha, outside Kyiv, a town Ukrainian forces reclaimed from Russian troops, looks set to galvanise the US and Europe into imposing additional sanctions against Moscow.  The Kremlin has categorically denied any accusations related to the murder of civilians, including in Bucha, where it said the graves and corpses had been staged by Ukraine to tarnish Russia. Ms Ukraintseva told how she was forced to leave Bucha after she heard Russian troops were searching for her. She added:”I left because I started getting word that the Russian troops were searching for me.  READ MORE: Putin must face 'war crime trial' after heartbreaking images of Bucha  “I needed to physically get out of there. I left, and three days later, they were in our home. I wouldn’t be of much use dead.” Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy called the killings "genocide" in a speech from Bucha on Monday as journalists entered the city and documented its destruction. He said the atrocities had made it harder for Ukraine to negotiate with Russia. Neither side offered updates on peace talks that had been set to resume on Monday.  DON'T MISSKremlin directly explodes at UK with new announcement [INSIGHT]Ukraine demands Russia 'full demilitarisation' after Bucha onslaught [INFO]Ukrainian mother weeps as she digs grave for son [VIDEO] In an early morning video address, Mr Zelenskiy said he would also address the Security Council on Tuesday as he builds support for an investigation into the killings in Bucha. He said: ”And this is only one town. One of many Ukrainian communities which the Russian forces managed to capture. "Now, there is information that in Borodyanka and some other liberated Ukrainian towns, the number of casualties of the occupiers may be even much higher," he added, referring to a town 25 km (16 miles) west of Bucha.  While Ukraine's Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said the evidence of civilian killings was just the "tip of the iceberg", with Ukrainian forces yet to reach all areas vacated by Russian troops, and showed the need for tougher sanctions on Moscow. But Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters: ”This information must be seriously questioned.“From what we have seen, our experts have identified signs of video falsification and other fakes." Taras Shapravskyi, Bucha's deputy mayor, said around 50 victims of extra-judicial killings by Russian troops had been found there after Kremlin forces withdrew late last week.  Pictures showed one man sprawled by the roadside, his hands bound behind his back and a bullet wound to his head. Hands and feet poked through red clay at a mass grave by a church where satellite images showed a 45-foot-long trench. US President Joe Biden called for a war crimes trial against Russia's President Vladimir Putin, calling him "brutal". Mr Biden's national security adviser suggested a trial could be held in the International Criminal Court. Russian forces pulled back from the capital Kyiv in the face of unexpectedly lethal and mobile Ukrainian resistance using Western anti-tank weaponry. Moscow painted the withdrawal as a goodwill gesture at peace talks, which last convened on Friday. Negotiators had been due to convene on Monday, but neither side has given an update on the talks.