While Mercury forms a sextile to Mars and Juno today, interactions should feel marginally more enlivened and energies will help you be more mentally sharp and decisive. Today will be a good day to make and follow through with plans, as this planet alignment invites heightened self-confidence and a positive attitude. Today is the day to take action, actualise your ideas and ideals, and communicate with those around you - two heads are better than one. Cafe Astrology said “We’re mentally engaged and enthusiastic. There can also be much enthusiasm in our conversations, or excitement about our interests and discoveries." Today, you might feel more alert and observant, as well as incredibly resourceful - so make sure you capitalise on these energies to overcome any difficulties or obstacles you might currently be facing. Cafe Astrology said minds will be busy, and you might want to do something with your ideas, learn, teach, or debate.  READ MORE: Prince Harry horoscope: Duke ‘trying’ to reconnect with Royal Family  It continued: “Mental rapport can figure strongly, but if it benefits us, we’re also willing to work at our own pace.” Work in a manner that feels right to you and although you might feel more energised and enthusiastic, don’t allow yourself to get too swept up in it if it feels more detrimental than beneficial. Tarot.com said: “Any current storm will eventually pass. However, “the emotional Cancer Moon squares passionate Chiron in Aries to create a rock and a hard place when it comes to expressing our emotions, leading to overwhelming feelings that prevent proper communication”.  Chiron is a celestial body known as the wounded healer after Greek healer, philosopher, and teacher who - ironically, couldn’t heal himself. Resist temptation to blow off your to-do list, because this may leave you feeling more weighed down at a future date - especially when you’re having to play catch up. This energy will pass as Mercury progresses to sextile Mars, aiding communication and minimising any blockages you may have previously felt. Tarot.com said: “Thankfully, headstrong Mercury in Aries sextiles progressive Mars in Aquarius at 7.19pm BST, helping us move past this frustration.”  DON'T MISS: Camilla's zodiac shows 'significant patience' - now a 'future Queen' [INSIGHT]Zodiac: Queen Elizabeth II is a true Taurus - 'powerfully resilient' [EXPLAINED]Star sign: Best dog for each star sign - 'perfect' compatibility [ANALYSIS]    As the moon moves on to form a sextile with radical Uranus in Taurus, you may feel engulfed with more tranquil energies and any earlier worries should diminish. Tarot.com said: “The Moon sextiling radical Uranus in Taurus will allow us to refresh our inner peace after any explosive energy. “Stormy seas can become calm water again.” 