The Valencian Government is planning to introduce a tourist tax soon. The Spanish region includes the popular tourist areas of Benidorm, Alicante and the wider Costa Blanca. The tourist tax would be optional and towns such as Benidorm have said they will not apply it. Tourists would pay a nightly tax if implemented and the price would likely vary based on the style of accommodation. One Government official in the region said they didn’t think a tourist tax had ever put travellers off visiting. However, some Express.co.uk commenters said they would no longer travel to Costa Blanca if the region introduced a tax. READ MORE: P&O Ferries cancels all trips this weekend ‘Chelseacity said: “I no longer visit Majorca or Florida, I’m simply not prepared to pay a tourist tax, ever.” Majorca and Ibiza charge a tourist tax for a nightly stay which goes up to four euros (£3.34) for a luxury hotel. Florida’s tourism tax will often be included in the price of a hotel stay but tourists should check before booking. ‘MickyK’ wrote: “Simple. If you don’t want to pay tourist tax, don’t go.” If a tourist tax is introduced, package holidays will likely include it in the price of an overall holiday. Some commenters thought that a tax was worth it if the holiday destination was particularly beautiful. ‘Cedric the Viking’ said: “I pay the tax every time I visit Rome. Not an issue as Rome is worth it and beautiful.” Rome and several other Italian cities have a tourist tax. Venice has said it plans to introduce one for day visitors. Others thought that a tourist tax wasn’t a big deal with one commenter saying: “Just pay up. Most countries have one.” Another said: “This tax is going to cost about the same as one small beer a day. Would many people even notice it? Really?” While an amount for the tourist tax hasn’t been confirmed, it would likely be a few euros per night at most. It’s possible that some British holidaymakers wouldn’t notice the extra cost or would be happy to pay to visit Costa Blanca. Another commenter said: “If you want luxury at half the price, go to North Africa. Beautiful hotels and luxury. No extra charges and EU rules.” Morocco and Tunisia both have many resorts which are popular with British holidaymakers looking for a deal. Another commenter said: “Too many other beautiful places to travel. Some of the bars and restaurants on the beaches smell like greasy spoons.” Benidorm was recently named Spain’s most British destination due to the high number of British bars and restaurants in the town.