Brenda Edwards, 53, has been inundated with support from her fellow Loose Women stars after she shared a message from the SBTV team dedicated to her son, Jamal Edwards MBE. Jamal died in February aged just 31 from a “sudden illness”. The heartfelt message stated that Jamal was a “visionary” who helped to “nurture and discover some of the world’s finest talents”. The spokesperson from the music platform added that his death had left a “great void” in the team and vowed to honour him by “continuing his mission to inspire and empower”. It continued: “Jamal will live on through all of you and the talents you share with us and we will remain dedicated to providing a platform that will act as a beacon of light in these dark times. “He taught us all to have #SelfBelief not only in ourselves but to believe in those around us. Never stop believing in yourself because he believed in us all.” (sic) READ MORE:Gogglebox’s Malone family pulled aside at airport security after gaffe Brenda shared the emotional post to her 105,000 Instagram followers and it didn’t take long for her Loose Women co-stars to rally around her with words of support. Andrea McLean, who left Loose Women last year, commented three blue heart emojis. Coleen Nolan followed suit with a single heart emoji, while Kelle Bryan added praying hands. Other stars also offered their condolences including Celebs Go Dating matchmaker Paul Carrick Brunson, who shared a crown emoji. Songwriter Jack Hawitt penned: “What a legacy he has left behind. You must be so proud of the man he was! Sending lots of love to you Brenda.” The official account for SBTV also replied saying: “We love Brenda.” Jamal founded SBTV in 2006 and it has since helped launch the careers of Ed Sheeran, Jessie J, Stormzy and Emeli Sande. He was awarded an MBE in the 2015 New Year Honours for his services to music. He was just 25 when he received the award from the Queen. DON'T MISSBBC Breakfast's Naga Munchetty inundated shares health update[LATEST]Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore[INSIGHT]Michael Bublé says he and wife almost ended their marriage[NEWS] It comes as Brenda is expected to return to the Loose Women panel this week, with her first interview since Jamal’s death airing today. In a clip from her chat with Coleen Nolan, Brenda thanked the Loose Women team for being there for her in person and “at the end of the phone”. The singer added that she felt the time was right to return to the ITV show. She explained: “It has been great having the ladies there and that is something which has been a big part of my life, and his life. I need to return." Brenda confirmed her son's death on February 21 with a statement shared to Good Morning Britain. She said: “It is with the deepest heartache that I can confirm that my beautiful son Jamal Edwards passed away yesterday morning after a sudden illness. “Myself, his sister Tanisha and the rest of his family and friends are completely devastated. He was the centre of our world.” Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.