Inspectors for the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) found the “launching arrangements for survival craft” on the European Causeway were “not as required”. The ship has two lifeboats and several life rafts for use in emergencies.  Among other flaws identified by the MCA were inadequate fire prevention systems, an inflatable evacuation slide not properly maintained and crew having a lack of familiarity with radio equipment. Issues with labour conditions, navigation and documentation were also discovered aboard the European Causeway, which failed its first safety inspection before being released by officials on April 8. The Paris Memorandum of Understanding (MOU), an alliance of 27 national maritime authorities including the UK, listed a total of 31 safety deficiencies but did not provide further details on their nature. European Causeway racked up more flaws than any of the other 46,000 Port State Control inspections of ships within the Paris MOU over the past three years, according to analysis by the PA news agency. The discovery comes a month after P&O Ferries was widely condemned for sacking nearly 800 staff without notice on March 17 and replacing them with cheaper agency workers. The firm suspended the majority of its sailings, including those by European Causeway on the Northern Ireland-Scotland route.   P&O reportedly predicted the disruption would only last around 10 days, however a number of vessels were detained by the MCA following the mass sackings. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps ordered officials from the MCA to conduct safety inspections on all of P&O’s vessels before they were allowed to sail again. A total of eight P&O vessels were detained, including European Causeway, which was detained by the MCA at Larne, Northern Ireland on March 25. The MCA said the ship was held “due to failures on crew familiarisation, vessel documentation and crew training”. Its statement at the time said: “The vessel will remain under detention until all these issues are resolved by P&O Ferries. Only then will it be reinspected.” The MCA added: “Detention of ships is based on concerns over their safety and to prevent them going to sea.” READ MORE: P&O sackings: firm rehire 30 staff to train replacements   Spirit of Britain and Pride of Kent were also detained after safety issues were found onboard, with the Pride of Kent failing a second safety inspection last Wednesday. Both ships normally serve the Dover to Calais route and were blocked from operating after MCA inspectors found safety and crew documentation “deficiencies”. Four other ferries have also been out of action as they await inspection. The chaos has wreaked havoc on the Dover-Calais route, with a shortage of ferry capacity contributing to huge queues of lorries on coastbound roads in Kent. P&O Ferries has been forced to suspend its routes causing severe delays over the Easter weekend. Just two of the operator’s eight ferries have been released in the weeks since the checks began, including the Pride of Hull, which passed its checks and resumed operations between Hull and Rotterdam. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: 'Unknown chemical' released by Russian soldiers [LIVE]Prince Harry set for major US interview TOMORROW [BREAKING]POLL: Should Boris Johnson be continue as PM after Partygate scandal? [POLL]  A spokesman for P&O Ferries said: “Following confirmation from the MCA that the European Causeway is safe to sail, we were delighted to restart sailings between Larne and Cairnryan last week. “P&O is pleased to play its part in supporting customers to move vital goods between Northern Ireland and Scotland. “It is clear that inspections of our vessels have reached an unprecedented level of rigour. “We welcome this additional scrutiny and would reiterate that the safety of our passengers and crew is our foremost priority. “Any suggestion that it is being compromised in any way is categorically false and we look forward to all of our ships welcoming tourist passengers and freight customers again as soon as all mandatory safety tests have been passed.” The MCA has said its inspections are conducted “in exactly the same robust way” for every ship. The organisation has carried out more than 12,000 inspections since 2019. Ferries have been detained on just 30 occasions. 