Many chefs have spoken out against the plan saying it will encourage eating disorders and lead to "boring, tick-box cooking". Sven-Hanson Britt, who won Masterchef: The Professionals, said the Department of Health's plans to include calories on menus is "a waste of time and money". He also said the nation's "obsession with calories isn't healthy" and can lead to eating disorders. The law could "end creativity, spontaneity and lead to boring tick-box cooking", he said. Other top chefs including Michelin-starred Paul Foster and Simon Wood also criticised the plans, labelling them as "bloody awful" and "ridiculous stupidity". The new law states that from Friday, April 1, all restaurants, takeaways and cafés with more than 250 staff will have to put calories on their menus.  The Department of Health claims this is to help consumers make "healthier decisions" and to help encourage eateries to offer lower calorie options to consumers. The new law is a new drive to tackle obesity and improve the nation's health. According to the House of Commons obesity statistics stated in 2019, as many as 28 percent of adults in the UK were obese and a further 36.3 percent were considered overweight. And according to figures by the NHS from 2019/20, more than one million hospital admissions during that year were obesity related. However, many chefs have spoken out about the plans, with Sven-Hanson Britt seemingly leading the backlash.  READ MORE: Audience erupts as Boris Johnson ridiculed over partygate In a series of tweets, he wrote: "Calories on menus this week guys. The law kicks in for "large hospitality businesses" to display calorie info on menus. What a terrible, terrible thing to happen to the hospitality industry and a waste of time, money and a potential danger... He added: "'Calorie labelling on menus is designed to give the consumer the most 'informed decision' possible and hopes to aid the reduction of obesity." Say the gov - sure. But only if it’s accurate. He said the obsession with calories and calorie counting has proven to be dangerous and could potentially lead to eating disorders.  DON'T MISS: Kuenssberg reflects on 'seven dizzying years' as BBC political editor [INSIGHT]Sturgeon under fire over extension of mask mandate 'Rate is higher!' [COMMENT]Macron’s new leading role in Europe laid bare after Ukraine invasion [ANALYSIS] He wrote: "To combat obesity you have to use a series of tools, including a focus on healthy eating (a diverse diet, combined with calorie control) and exercise. Education is key, starting at a young age. As a country we don’t even know where our food comes from, let alone what’s "healthy". He added: "Kids will grow up in restaurants, hotels and cafes only looking at that little number below a dish. Choices will be made based on a number alone. The love of flavour, ingredients, history, cooking craft or nutrition will be lost and masked by a newly perceived focus". He continued: "If the government insists that giving people calorie info is allowing them to make informed decisions without having the knowledge or education to understand what healthy eating actually is or the financial ability to actually eat healthily, then it’s doomed from the start. "Tackling obesity is a very complicated issue and will take generations to change our nation’s psyche. I genuinely worry this initiative will cause more harm than good, especially potential eating disorder issues in the younger gen". 