Manchester City must keep their eyes on the prize on Wednesday evening when they face Atletico Madrid for a spot in the Champions League semi-finals - but two players are risking a one-match ban. They could be forgiven for keeping one eye on the next round, however, with both Kevin De Bruyne and Joao Cancelo at risk of suspension if they pick up a yellow card at the Wanda Metropolitano. City go into Wednesday's away fixture carrying a slim 1-0 lead after De Bruyne's neat finish won them the first leg. A taxing 2-2 draw against Liverpool on Sunday may have dented energy levels somewhat, but the Sky Blues have plenty of incentive to push hard in Europe's top-tier competition which, so far, has eluded them. Guardiola would have wanted a more comfortable buffer with which to head to the Spanish capital, but Diego Simeone's side kept things almost comically compact at the Etihad which made life difficult for the hosts. City can, however, take encouragement from the fact that Atletico did not manage a single shot during last week's encounter. The Spanish side could be even tougher to break down if City kick off without De Bruyne or Cancelo. Both players are in terrific form and make up part of Guardiola's core group of influential stars. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag planning Man Utd backroom staff team 'with three on shortlist' De Bruyne is on a ruthless goalscoring run and his deflected strike against Liverpool took him to six goals in as many games. Cancelo, meanwhile, is a hugely effective attacking full-back who can step into advanced positions when teams prove difficult to break down. It goes without saying that both players would be missed if a yellow card saw them miss the first leg of their Champions League semi-final - if, of course, they get that far - and it remains to be seen whether Guardiola will take a chance by playing them. Real Madrid are already waiting in the final four after battling to see off Chelsea at the Bernabeu on Tuesday evening. Los Blancos' triumph denies City the chance to avenge last season's final defeat against the Blues, but they may take encouragement from the way Thomas Tuchel's side dominated in Madrid for long spells.  Goals from Mason Mount, Antonio Rudiger and Timo Werner put Chelsea three up on the night and one up on aggregate, before the hosts wrestled back control with a late volley from Rodrygo and an extra-time Karim Benzema header to see out the blockbuster two-legged clash 5-4. City are aiming to reach their second Champions League final in as many years. Guardiola and co are undoubtedly desperate to get their hands on the trophy given that the Sky Blues have never won it and the Catalan coach has fallen short every year since 2011. "It will be a different game, not like last week," insisted Guardiola, "They're at home with their fans behind them. "From what I remember from knockout games they have really exciting moments in the Calderon, at the Wanda they create problems, defend and counter. They will be more intense in the top half of the field than they were the other night. We adapt and if we're losing we go with everything to get it back. If we're on top maybe we sit a bit deeper." 