Last year at Graceland’s Elvis Week, Priscilla Presley didn’t hold back on how nervous she was about Baz Luhrmann’s biopic of her former husband. The 76-year-old said she hadn’t seen a script and didn’t know what to expect. She also was very sceptical that anyone could fit The King of Rock and Roll’s shoes, until now. Priscilla has now seen the Elvis Presley movie ahead of its Cannes Film Festival debut, having been given a special screening by Baz for her and Memphis Mafia member Jerry Schilling. The King’s ex-wife and mother of Lisa Marie posted her verdict on social media and was full of praise for the upcoming musical blockbuster. She wrote: “For those curious about the new film ELVIS, Baz Luhrmann, the director, provided a private screening for me and Jerry Schilling at Warner studios recently. This story is about Elvis and Colonel Parker’s relationship. It is a true story told brilliantly and creatively that only Baz, in his unique artistic way, could have delivered.” On the star cast, she said: “Austin Butler, who played Elvis is outstanding. Halfway through the film Jerry and I looked at each other and said WOW!!! Bravo to him…he knew he had big shoes to fill. He was extremely nervous playing this part. I can only imagine. Tom Hanks was Col Parker in this film. What a character he was. There was two sides to Colonel, Jerry and I witnessed both. The story, as we all know, does not have a happy ending. But I think you will understand a little bit more of Elvis’ journey, penned by a director who put his heart and soul and many hours into this film.” Earlier this week, both Baz and Austin attended CinemaCon in Las Vegas to promote the Elvis movie. The director said: “I love biopic[s], this is not really a biopic. It’s really about America in the ’50s, ’60s, ’70s. At the centre of culture, for the good, the bad and the ugly, it was Elvis Presley.” He shared that the film will include both classic songs but also ones adapted for a younger generation, with the story being viewed through Hanks’ Colonel. DON'T MISSElvis: Sleeping in Lisa Marie bedroom memories shared by childhood pal [LISA MARIE]Elvis death: Last person to see King’s body before casket was closed [ELVIS DEATH]Elvis: ‘Disgusting! I was turned off’ Priscilla’s first impressions [PRISCILLA] On preparing to play Elvis, Austin said: “The main thing was I set out to find was his humanity. He’s one of those individuals that has been lifted up to such an iconic status that he’s almost superhuman.” Elvis hits cinemas on June 24, 2022.