Mr Johnson’s visit to meet President Volodymyr Zelensky in Kyiv made our country proud and should embolden our determination to help these brave people liberate their nation from the Russian aggressors. When Mr Johnson next sits with his colleagues at the Cabinet table, he will talk about the plight of Ukrainians with a new passion and understanding. He has seen the destruction Russia has unleashed, not just on buildings but on people. The Prime Minister sat down with a president who is leading his country’s fight for survival. It took courage to fly to Kyiv, but the citizens of Ukraine have given the world a lesson in true daring and resilience in their resistance to the invasion. We have done much that we can be proud of in assisting the fightback, but when Russia’s missiles are killing civilians and the evidence shows that members of its armed forces are engaging in pitiless murder we cannot pretend we have yet done enough. The ruthless invader will fight to take and hold territory that it considers part of greater Russia. So there is the potential for many months of intense and brutal warfare. It is imperative that Putin is not allowed to claim victory and Britain’s pledge of a further £100million worth of military assistance will help in the struggle. If we can open our homes to refugees, Ukraine’s soldiers fighting on the frontline can at least take comfort in the knowledge that their loved ones are safe, warm and cared for in the UK. Our polling by Redfield and Wilton Strategies shows strong support for Mr Johnson’s leadership during the crisis, with 46 per cent approving and just 24 per cent disapproving. But the greatest commendation came from Zelensky when he described him as “one of the most principled opponents of the Russian invasion, a leader in sanctions pressure on Russia and defence support for Ukraine”.  A genuine friendship appears to have formed between this former television actor and an ex-journalist. Together, they are championing the cause of freedom and we hope that their example will inspire more timid world leaders to stand up to Vladimir Putin’s putrid regime. This is an occasion when anyone blessed with rationality and a conscience can understand what must be done to stand on the right side of history. An invader must be repulsed and it is not just a moral obligation but a noble honour to consider the countrymen and women of Ukraine our brothers and sisters. 