Ronnie O'Sullivan has branded Roger Federer an "artist" in comparison to Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic as he likened himself to the Swiss ace and Lionel Messi. The 46-year-old said that playing their respective sports the way they do can be risky and stop them succeeding ahead of the Snooker World Championship. O'Sullivan is gearing up to win a seventh World Championship, and admitted he thought his ability to win six prior titles was even more impressive because of his trademark style of play. The 46-year-old also said he thought Federer and Messi had similar qualities, saying it had impacted the GOAT debate in tennis because of the 20-time Major champion's "artistic" style against his rivals' records. "I have played a brand of snooker that is very difficult to play as an individual sportsman," O'Sullivan told Eurosport "For someone like Lionel Messi, playing in a football team, I suppose he is just told to do what he is good at and they have other people covering for him where maybe he doesn't want to run around and chase the ball." Using Federer as an example, the snooker legend refused to give his own verdict on who the greatest tennis player was but said the Swiss star's elegant style of play left fans siding with him even when Nadal overtook his shared Grand Slam record with Djokovic, standing alone on 21 Major titles. "A little bit like Federer in tennis. Who is the greatest of all time? Statistically, you would say Nadal, but the way he did it, a lot of people would say Federer is the greatest of all time," he continued. JUST IN: Djokovic on Madrid Open entry list as Serb ramps up French Open prep  "So it depends on how you want to judge it, I suppose." The seven-time Masters champion also thought the 40-year-old had it more difficult when it came to winning titles because he chose to stick with his trademark style of play that was less solid than his rivals. He added: "It is a lot harder to win tournaments playing Federer's style than Nadal. Nadal will break you down. Djokovic will break you down. They are like machines, but Federer is a bit of an artist. So playing that style in an individual sport is going to leave you open to being picked off or maybe worn down in many situations." DON'T MISSAlcaraz named among Djokovic and Nadal as French Open favouritesRaducanu needs 'a year or two' before fulfilling world No 1 potentialKyrgios rants at umpire over 'fines every time' during first clay win  Federer is currently sidelined after undergoing his third knee surgery last August. The former world No 1 ended his 2020 season after the Australian Open and had two knee operations before returning to the tour in March 2021 at the ATP 250 in Doha. He played just five tournaments before suffering a "setback" during the grass-court season and took another break from tennis to have his third surgery in under two years, and is yet to set a new comeback date.