Kirstie Allsopp, 50, has made comments highlighting her opinions about "preposterous" parents who give their young children mobile phones.  Kirstie Allsopp has reignited her war against providing youngsters with technology, after admitting in 2018 that she had smashed her children’s iPads.  The TV presenter said that her children were spending too much time on their screens while family holidaying in Devon.  Kirstie is married to property developer Ben Anderson, with whom she shares sons Bay Atlas, 16, and Oscar Hercules, 14.  Writing about the issue again in her latest column, the Location, Location, Location star expressed that she was shocked over discovering the statistic that a third of children are given a mobile phone by the age of six. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show Ofcom figures also discovered that by age 11, 90 per cent of children own mobile phones. It also found that, by 15, nearly every child has a mobile phone. Kirstie admitted yesterday that she found the report “truly disturbing.” The presenter insisted she will not listen to her children’s smartphone demands until they are at least 13. “I have huge sympathy for every parent waging a war against smartphones. “I think the idea of giving one of these things to a child (and, personally, I think ten is the very minimum age) is preposterous,” Kirstie fumed. She warned that parents in the UK are “handing our children over to Big Tech”. The star also admitted that she was concerned about children being exposed to the “social pressures” which come with owning a smartphone. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] Kirstie then shared that both of her children received their phones when they were 13. However, she went on to explain in her Mail On Sunday column that she still had “strict rules” when it came to phones. She has enforced the rule that her kids had to leave their phones in the kitchen overnight. They are also not allowed to keep their phones in their bedrooms and must have “phone free days.” The Channel 4 host also explained that she knew her children’s phone passwords. Kirstie said that she can pick up their phones at any point and check what they’ve been up to. She fears that her children will spend too much time indoors, scrolling on their phones. Kirstie went on to say she doesn’t want Bay and Oscar to develop “fear of missing out” when they see what their peers are up to via social media.