As pretty as it might look, snow can actually have quite a detrimental impact on your lawn - especially when left to sit for lengthy periods of time. As the UK dips its toe in and out of garden weather due to classic, vacillating UK weather conditions, grass riddled with fungal infections is not really what you want - especially as we enter the depths of spring. One minute, temperatures are reaching 20C, the next minute, 2cm of snow is spreading across the British Isles with temperatures dropping as low as -2C. The weather is very unpredictable, but one thing is for certain, and that is we are edging deeper into spring and further towards more time spent outside. This means more time spent in the garden, and if you have it, on the grass. Ideally, you want it to be in healthy condition, and most would have taken to the outdoors during March’s fleeting heatwave to tend to their lawns. However, most were met, yet again, with plunging temperatures and snow - especially for the more northern areas of England and Scotland. READ MORE: Dandelions: Why you should never kill dandelions   Amongst admiring the frosty landscape, you might be wondering what this snow could be doing to your lawn. Although grass is quite a resilient plant, a quick, cold snap could leave your recently sown seeds or lawn looking a bit worse for wear. Express.co.uk spoke to lawn expert Chris McIlroy at The Grass People, who revealed his top five tips to protect your lawn in the event of snow. If you’re lucky enough to have enough snow to build a snowman, avoid building one on your grass.  Mr Mcllroy said: “A build-up of heavy snow on one part of your grass will create the perfect conditions for fungal diseases like Fusarium patch to develop. “Fusarium patch, also known as snow mould, thrives in wet, damp, and compacted conditions and it can cause your grass to become yellow, brown, or if left long enough, it could kill it.” April is always a good time to sow new seeds or carry out any turfing jobs due to the more mild temperatures combined with the almost guaranteed April showers. With this in mind, cold and heavily melted snow will do no favours for this job. DON'T MISS:Gardening: How to create a low maintenance garden [EXPLAINED]60mph winds, -4C lows and SNOW as Storm Diego to wreak havoc in Europe [ANALYSIS]Lawn care tips to avoid ‘disaster’ when mowing - ‘push don't pull’ [INSIGHT]    Mr Mcllory said: “If you have sown new seeds, try and shovel off the snow as soon as possible. “Otherwise, as the snow melts when the temperatures warm, it could waterlog your soil and your seedlings may die - especially if the snow is followed by heavy rainfall.” The sound of walking on snow is always appealing. However, grass blades that are walked on when frozen can split and break. Mr Mcllory said: “This means when your lawn wakes up once the snow has melted, it could appear yellowed, brown, or dead. “Avoid walking on your grass until the snow has fully thawed - this goes for pets too!”  Mr Mcllroy said: “If you were hoping to fertilise the ground before sowing new seeds, hold off until temperatures reach 10 degrees for two weeks straight. “This is because your fertiliser will need a fortnight to work on your lawn before you can sow your seed.” Similar to fertilising, Mr Mcllory recommended sowing when temperatures are consistent for two weeks and reach at least 10 degrees and upwards. He said: “This includes temperatures at night, so you will have to pay attention to any drops in temperature that might happen, because if the ground isn't warm enough for your grass to germinate, you’ll be faced with disappointment in a few weeks when you have no results.” 