Weeds are plants that can make a garden look untidy and unkempt. Weeds can be difficult to remove and can often return year after year. For those looking to achieve a “weedless” garden, Joe Lamp’l, a gardening expert and host of the Joe Gardener show podcast has shared his tips. The garden pro shared the “four important steps to having a weedless garden” in a video for The Home Depot. Joe spoke to a gardener called Lee who reportedly has a “weedless” garden. A tiller is a machine that is designed to break up hard, compact soil so it’s looser and can be used for planting. Joe said gardeners should not till their gardens “ever”. READ MORE: What to do with tulips after they have bloomed He explained: “It sounds crazy but Lee maintains that it just destroys the soil's natural structure and kicks dormant weed seeds up to the surface where they'll now get sun and air and water and turn into weeds. “Pick out weeds by hand when you see them.” Use tools like cultivators and hoes to cut the weeds at the roots. Joe said gardeners should make strict designations between planting beds and walking areas. DON'T MISSGarden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay [INSIGHT]When to plant runner beans - key date to plant for a summer harvest [UPDATE]Homeowner vows to keep fence after council orders it to be torn down [ANALYSIS] He said: “Don't walk in the planting beds and you'll never compact the soil you want to plant in with foot traffic.” Gardeners should cover their planting beds with compost. Organic matter feeds the soil which feeds the plants. A top dress layer of compost keeps those nutrients right at the level where most roots are. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Mulch is a layer of material applied to the surface of soil that can reduce weed growth and enhance how bedding looks. Mulch can be made from wood, bark, chipping, saw dust, grass, hay, paper and other materials. Using a drip irrigation system in beds conserves water by putting it directly into the soil at the base of plants.   Spraying water around the entire landscape will “feed weed seeds that are deposited by wind or birds”. A drip irrigation system is efficient and will water plants right at the roots. A system of small pipes carries water around the garden, dripping water into the correct beds. The benefit of this is that the plant gets exactly what it needs to grow and won’t be overwatered.