Arsenal are growing more confident that they can ward off Chelsea and other clubs interested in Khayon Edwards. The Gunners are closing in on a new contract for the highly-rated ace. Arsenal are confident that they can strike a deal with Edwards as the club look to tie down their best scholars. The 18-year-old has been a standout performer at youth level. The Gunners ace has a scholarship deal that expires in the summer but talks have been ongoing over a new contract. Edwards has scored 17 times and assisted six as well for the academy this season, only Folarin Balogun has more goals. There are several clubs courting the striker, including London rivals Chelsea who are always on the hunt for the top young talents around the country. But they are not the only ones with plenty of interest around Europe. According to Football London, RB Leipzig, Hertha Berlin and Feyenoord are all linked with the youngster, who have long looked at the Arsenal academy as a potential source of transfers. But there is renewed hope that Edwards will pen a new deal at the Emirates in a huge boost. It is quite the U-turn from earlier in the season where Arsenal were worried that they would lose the top talent at the end of the campaign. They had been fighting a battle to keep hold of the forward, who they had several offers turned away. Earlier in the campaign, the likes of Newcastle, Southampton and Brighton were all monitoring developments. However, they all look set to be disappointed with Edwards now likely to remain at Arsenal. Per Mertesacker has had a huge impact on the youngster and described his methods as academy chief and his overall vision. “I think it was formulated four years ago, in my last season as a player (2017/18),” Mertesacker said. “I came up with a framework of what I believe, from my own experience and also by talking to people. Strong Young Gunners means this is our vision where we want our players to stand strong in every scenario they will face. "We are passionate about creating youngsters who can rise to any challenge and we have a rich history and heritage we want to pay tribute to and carry on."