The ITV talent competition Starstruck has seen a selection of super fans get the ultimate makeover into their music idols and perform in front of a judging panel and live audience. The winner of the series will be crowned tonight and receive a cash prize of £50,000. Ahead of the finale airing, judge Adam Lambert recently revealed he mocked the show's host Olly Murs after a trio of contestants impersonated him.  Starstruck, which is similar to the hit 1990s show Stars In Their Eyes, is hosted by former X Factor finalist Olly Murs. The show's judging panel is made up of American Idol star Adam Lambert, West End legend Beverley Knight, comedian Jason Manford and actress Sheridan Smith. Each episode has seen trios of contestants get transformed into their heroes as they battled it out for a place in the final. During one episode, three mega fans impersonated Olly Murs, who is perhaps best known for his hit songs Heart Skips A Beat and Dance With Me Tonight. READ MORE: Shame' Nick Ferarri blasts Harry and Meghan over security  Ahead of the episode airing, Adam and Olly spoke to Express.co.uk and other media about starring in the show. Adam, who is part of Queen + Adam Lambert, explained one of the highlights was being able to perform with the other judges and Olly. He said: "Even within the first couple of days we clicked, and to be able to sing with them was just the icing on the cake, that was a blast." Olly added: "That was the best thing. We got to see all of these people pretend to be their idols and we were like, 'When are we going to sing?'"  Essex-born Olly admitted it was a "surreal" experience watching three contestants transform into him while he was hosting the ITV competition. He quipped: "It was pretty surreal, it was hilarious and I actually said to the judges, 'Is this how I sing and dance because if it is I might retire now?' "Genuinely it was really humbling and I was actually quite emotional as these three guys had gone away and studied me and studied how I sing and perform. "It was slightly weird and it did throw me a little bit because I had these amazing judges in front of me and I was trying to host the show and all of a sudden I was judging myself." DON'T MISS...Adam Lambert opened up on Brian May's health scare [LATEST]How Adam Lambert revealed Freddie Mercury's 'struggle' at end of life [INTERVIEW]Adam Lambert details 'disagreements' with Starstruck judges [EXCLUSIVE] Adam interjected: "It was nice to take the p**s a little bit if we can call it that." While admitting to teasing Olly about the episode, Adam explained all the judges "found things in common and there was a lot of laughter". He added: "Of course, there were some friendly disagreements because that is the nature of a show like this, but we had fun with it. "Maybe we had a little friendly debate about somebody but it was all with love."  The judges have managed to narrow it down to just six contestants who will be competing in tonight's final. The finalists include Rob Lea as Freddie Mercury, Rachael Hawnt as Cher, Anastasia Baker as Tina Turner, Frankie Madden as Billie Eilish, Keeley Smith as Barbra Streisand and Fil Straughan as Lionel Ritchie. Viewers will have to wait and see which sound-alike will take home the crown? The Starstruck final will take place at 8.30pm on April 2 on ITV. 