Manchester City could lose ground to Liverpool in next season's Premier League title race if they snap up Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund this summer, according to former Reds striker Rickie Lambert. City are said to be making steady progress in their efforts to sign Haaland, who is widely regarded as one of the world's finest marksmen after scoring 82 goals in just 85 appearances for Dortmund since joining the club back in 2020. Multiple reports have claimed that Haaland has agreed a £500,000-per-week contract with City, who still need to agree terms at club level with Dortmund before the proposed move can be rubber-stamped. Lambert has warned that Liverpool could take full advantage while Haaland finds his feet in the Premier League, though, before insisting that City will be a force to be reckoned with once he is fully settled in Manchester."I think the way City play, I'm not too sure a big centre-forward will be good for them," Lambert told talkSPORT when quizzed on Haaland's future. "It might take them a while to get used to a new way of playing with them."I think it might disrupt them a little bit. If one of these teams gets ahead early doors next season, it's very hard these days for the other team to catch them, so I think it could be a little advantage [for Liverpool]. JUST IN: Man Utd icon Roy Keane sticks the boot in after Liverpool thrashing "In a year's time Man City are going to be unstoppable because he will be settled in and it's just going to be unfair. It's unfair that they're bringing in these players every year, unbelievable players."But that [Jurgen] Klopp is able to keep with them, not only able to keep with them but get the better of them many times, is unbelievable."It remains to be seen whether City will eventually be able to complete a deal to sign Haaland, who is believed to have a cut-price release clause written into his current contract with Dortmund. The 20-year-old has also been heavily linked with Real Madrid and Barcelona, while Manchester United are known to harbour a long-standing interest in his services. Haaland will become the Premier League's highest player if his proposed move to City is finalised over the coming weeks and months, but there is still plenty of work to be done in order to push the deal over the line. Pep Guardiola delivered a coy response when asked about his interest in Haaland earlier this week, with the City boss opting to stick to his policy of refusing to speak about players from other clubs."We are playing with a good striker this season, so I don't know what is going to happen in the future," Guardiola told reporters. "It's next season, so I'm not going to talk."You know I've been coming here for a long time, for many years and I've never talked about transfer windows, especially when we are playing for incredible things still this season." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here