Limescale, otherwise known as calcium carbonate, leaves watermarks and chalky white deposits in your sink, shower or toilet after water evaporates. If you live in an area with hardy water, you’re more likely to find limescale build-up in your bathroom or kitchen appliances. It is not a hazardous substance, but it can look unpleasant. It can also interfere with the performance of your taps pipes and shower heads, leading to blockages and reduced water pressure over time. Cleaning experts at Mira Showers have shared their top tips for removing limescale from kitchen and bathroom taps. They noted that using “lemon juice” is the “best way” to banish limescale. The experts said: “The best way to get rid of stubborn limescale deposits is by soaking the affected area in lemon juice. Some fixtures may be harder to clean than others, so we’ve put together a step-by-step guide to help you achieve scale-free taps.” For this hack homeowners will need lemon juice or lemons, a cleaning cloth, elastic bands, scouring pads and a spray bottle READ MORE: Mould: Mrs Hinch shares ‘easy’ method for removing mould from walls Although lemon juice can seem like a gentle, natural cleaning product, it can act as a bleaching agent when exposed to sunlight as it contains citric acid. Be sure to wear gloves throughout the whole process and protect your clothing. The cleaning experts explained that taps are one of the “trickier” bathroom fixtures to clean. They said: “Lemon juice will drip off when sprayed, not allowing the acid enough time to work on the scale. DON'T MISS: Heating: Cleaning your radiator helps to reduce energy bills [TIPS]Houseplants: How to use cat litter to help your plants ‘thrive’ [INSIGHT]Weeding tips: How to ‘eliminate’ driveway weeds ‘permanently’ for free [EXPERT] “You’ll often notice white deposits on the spout, so targeting this area is a good idea.” The experts detailed how to go about removing “stubborn” limescale deposits from taps. Begin by soaking a cloth in lemon juice and wrap it around your tap, ensuring all areas are covered. Secure the cloth with an elastic band and leave for an hour. Once the cloth has been left sitting on the tap for an hour, the cleaning pros advised using the same cloth to wipe away the limescale. They added: “If the limescale around the spout still won’t come away completely, cut a lemon in half and screw it onto the spout until it stays in place. “Leave for another hour and then rinse and scrub away the remaining scale. “Use a scouring pad on tough limescale but only on the underside of the spout as it may scratch the finish on the faucet itself.” When it comes to preventing limescale build-up, frequent cleaning and descaling treatments can help. The experts recommended descaling your taps at least once a month for optimal results and performance. For those who do not have lemons or lemon juice to hand they can use white vinegar and it can be just as effective. As with lemons, the acidic liquid can melt away hard water and limescale stains with a simple soak.