Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba has been left 'hurt' by supporters booing him in last week's win against Norwich City. Pogba was jeered off the pitch and down the tunnel at Old Trafford, and it now looks 'increasingly likely' he will leave the club on a free transfer this summer, it has been claimed. Pogba was withdrawn for Juan Mata on 74 minutes after rock-bottom Norwich came back from 2-0 down the level the score. Two minutes later, Cristiano Ronaldo completed his hat-trick with a fierce free-kick to secure a monumental three points in the Premier League. But plenty of headlines covered Pogba's treatment after the 29-year-old was cheered and booed off the pitch after being substituted. When he received the same reception as he headed for the tunnel after full-time, he cupped his ears with a smirk on his face in response. Despite his facial expression, Sky Sports report that Pogba is 'hurt' by the reaction of some United fans, and his representatives are in talks with other clubs, including Juventus and Real Madrid. More interestingly, a Premier League stay has 'not been ruled out' if there are suitors among United's rivals. JUST IN: Man Utd's two lead scouts 'leave club' in wake of transfer criticism Pogba was received poorly by away fans at Anfield during Tuesday's 4-0 thrashing at the hands of Liverpool. The France midfielder started in Ralf Rangnick's team but came off with a supposed injury after just 10 minutes, moments after the hosts' took an early lead. As he departed, in what could be his final appearance in a United shirt, depending on the severity of his problem, supporters in the corner saw him off with vulgar hand gestures. Pogba has never been so far away from the Red Devils' faithful throughout his six-year second stint at the club, and it feels like his departure is inevitable. READ MORE: Eriksen to show Brentford 'respect' as Tottenham keen on reunion United re-signed Pogba for a then-world record £89million fee from Juventus in 2016, making him the stellar signing of Jose Mourinho's first summer at the helm. But he has predominantly failed to deliver at Old Trafford, especially in 'big' games, and an exit is deemed a suitable outcome for all parties. His relationship with United fans will only worsen if he does indeed remain in the Premier League next season. There have been no links of substance to specific clubs as of yet, but the story surrounding his future will likely develop in the coming weeks as his final season in M16 comes to a close. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here