The Queen faced heavy criticism over her decision to have her second son accompany her to the memorial service for ther late husband, the Duke of Edinburgh. The memorial was Prince Andrew's first official appearance since settling the sexual assault case filed against him by Virginia Giuffre. Since attending the memorial, questions have arose as to whether the Duke will return to public life. These speculations have particularly been heightened since it was reported he could attend Epson Derby alongside his mother later this year. Speaking on the Australian Today Extra programme, royal expert Natalie Oliveri discussed Andrew's potential royal return at Epsom Derby. Ms Oliveri said: "I think it could really backfire for the Royal Family. "This is not going to be a good look if Prince Andrew does accompany his mother to the Epsom Derby later this year." She added: "It will certainly leave a lot of people angry." Ms Oliveri mentioned how this is another way that Prince Andrew is "really trying to revive his ruined reputation" She said: "Some fear he is trying to wedge himself in as the Queen's unofficial advisor." READ MORE: 'William admitting defeat' Duke signals acceptance Royal Family scope 'shrunk' - expert The Queen's late husband Prince Philip was previously her long-time confidant at such events. There are reports that now Prince Philip is gone, the Duke will "be at the Epsom Derby to help his mother with mobility issues". His potential appearance at Epsom could be "why he took such a prominent role at Philip's memorial last week", Ms Oliveri suggested. The Queen's decision to have Prince Andrew by her side at the memorial "left many in the Royal Family dismayed". Ms Oliveri concluded: "Andrew is not meant to have any official role in the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June, however, it looks like he could be trying to force his way in there and this will no doubt be another scandal for the monarchy". READ MORE: 'They got what they wanted!' Meghan would 'never' get publicity increase without Harry Virginia Giuffre had been suing the Duke of York, claiming he sexually assaulted her on three occasions when she was 17, allegations he has repeatedly denied. In November 2019, journalist Emily Maitlis quizzed the Duke of York over the sex abuse allegations. Prince Andrew reportedly had close ties with convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein and in the 2019 interview, the Duke said he did not regret his friendship with Epstein. The interview received enormous amounts of public criticism, and following the interview, the Duke voluntarily stepped back from his royal duties. In 2019, Epstein was charged with one count of sex trafficking of a minor and one count of conspiracy to commit sex trafficking. He pleaded not guilty and was later found dead in his prison cell, his death being ruled a suicide. In February 2022, it was confirmed that Prince Andrew had agreed to pay a settlement fee to bring the civil sexual assault case brought by his accuser to a close. The settlement agreement has been reported to amount to as much as £12million. Prior to the settlement, the Duke was stripped of his military titles and royal patronages. He had previously stepped down from his public roles. The palace originally called this a "temporary retirement."