Craig Hill, owner of Landscapes for Learning Ltd, pitched to the Dragons hoping for a £50,000 investment in exchange for a 15 percent stake in his business. The company designs, manufactures and sources outdoor educational resources for children. Mr Hill said of the inspiration for the company: “We are increasingly living in a society where children spend a large proportion of their time staring at a screen. “My goal as a former teacher and father of three is to get children outside, exploring the world around them and experiencing life firsthand, whilst facilitating learning through play.” He even invited the Dragons to test the products he had brought with him, including a seesaw, an offer which the five investors took him up on. READ MORE: ‘We’re hungry all the time’ Single mum pleads for help as Universal Credit falls short A question from Deborah Meaden about the salary and dividends Mr Hill takes from the company led to a heart-wrenching story that almost brought the Dragons to tears. Mr Hill said he takes a £1,000 a month salary from the company, as well as dividends to pay off his debts which came as a result of a battle with depression. He explained: “I left teaching after a period of depression. We were in quite a lot of debt, so I spent the last 12 months basically paying off my debt by taking dividends and making sure that I got rid of my personal debt. That was a priority for me.” Peter Jones asked Mr Hill to talk more about the problems he has been facing, and the Dragons were shocked when he told them a shocking story that led to his mental health issues. DON'T MISSBritons could ‘pocket over £600 a year’ using ‘great way’ to save extra cash [INSIGHT]Benefit expert shares how to receive £350 per month for mental health conditions from DWP [BENEFITS]'Incredibly attractive' - Savers offered 'top in class' interest rate via new account [SAVINGS] He said: “My daughter had an accident where she fell into a fire. She sort of ran at me in flames and I had to put her out. Both my hands caught fire. “That just ruined me, I couldn't cope with it. “She's in good shape now, she's bounced back. She takes pride in her scars.” The Dragons were moved by Mr Hill’s story, and how he turned his life around to build a company that he said has turned over £185,000 since 2017 with a gross profit margin of around 49 percent. Touker Suleyman said: “I want to congratulate you for reinventing yourself.” Both Suleyman and Tej Lalvani questioned whether Mr Hill needed the help of a Dragon, after building the company so successfully so far. Mr Hill joked: “I don't know if I've made this sound easier than it is. It’s been hard graft.” Suleyman and Lalvani eventually offered to split the £50,000 investment in exchange for 25 percent of the company. Deborah Meaden and Jenny Campbell expressed their admiration for Mr Hill, but declined to make an offer, declaring themselves ‘out’. Peter Jones countered Suleyman and Lalvani’s joint bid with an offer to invest the full £50,000 in exchange for 30 percent of the business. Mr Hill opted to accept Jones’s offer and left the Den with the investment he had hoped for. Lalvani said he was “so pleased” to see Mr Hill walk out of the Den with a deal. You can watch Dragons' Den on the BBC.