Joss Stone has excitedly revealed she is expecting another baby with her partner after a heartbreaking loss. The singer, 35, announced that she suffered a miscarriage last October. The Spoiled hitmaker shared the news on Instagram in view of her 456,000 followers. The British singer, who welcomed her daughter last year, shared a candid video message on the picture-sharing site yesterday. Joss captioned the post: "I have some news to share. Please watch my video message to you. I’ll have more information for you tomorrow 11am GMT here on social media and on my website." In the eight minute clip, the singer opened up about both of her pregnancies. READ MORE: Dan Walker 'missing' Football Focus role after Alex Scott replacement "I have a bit of an announcement to make which is kind of mixed. It's beautiful and not at the same time. In one sense it's completely beautiful but the story that comes first is not," she began. "I want to explain everything because I think it's important as I'm going to have to move some of my gigs and that means that we're in it together." Joss continued: "Last year, in October I lost a baby and it was really horrible because it was my baby and I know that a lot of women go through that." The singer became visibly emotional as she addressed the devastating family loss as Joss tried to hold back the tears. She continued: "I went to the doctor and said, 'Why has this happened?' and he said, 'We don't know why Joss these things just happen by the luck of the gods it's not your fault'. I kept pressing him for an answer 'why?' and he didn't know, poor bloke." "It's sh**ty and a horrible horrible thing. It's not something you can get over, it's something you have to live with. He said 'Joss come back in the Spring next year and we'll do a well woman's check and make sure you're all good and go from there'." The singer shared that doctor had told her the baby was now an angel and urged her to write a song detailing her experiences. "I'm telling you this story because I want everyone to understand my next move," Joss explained. DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham shares gorgeous photo with rarely-seen parents[LATEST]Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress[PICTURES]Alec Baldwin's daughter, 26, stuns after undergoing 'face lift'[ADMISSION] "He was right. We shouldn't feel alone because it happens to a lot of women. It's not something that you can get over. It's something that you have to live with." In the tear-jerking video, Joss cut to a clip where she could be seen walking through the woods. The songstress told her doctor she will see him when the "daffodils bloom". She carried on: "You remember I said I'd come and see you when the daffodils come out? well guess whaaaat?" She then held up a positive pregnancy test to show her doctor. The video then cut back to Joss in the car, with her adding: "So that's the beautiful part of the story is that there are rainbows after storms and it's just lovely. I'm very excited and I can't wait to meet my baby. "I hope and pray that everything is ok and I'm excited to announce it. I didn't want to not acknowledge my baby before." At the end of the video, Joss shared a snap of a pregnancy scan from last year. She concluded: "Life, doesn't it give us all sorts of different things to deal with? We can, we can deal with the good bits and the bad bits, we can get through it and loveliness will come." *The Miscarriage Association (01924 200 799) miscarriageassociation.org.uk supports women affected by miscarriage, ectopic and molar pregnancies. 