From pasta sauces to curry, Tupperware is a kitchen essential for storing leftover dishes. However, plastic Tupperware can become easily stained and even a little bit smelly after frequent use. Though scrubbing your Tupperware can work initially, for more stubborn, long-term stains, restoring your storage containers can seem impossible. According to users in a Reddit forum, there is a simple solution to cleaning your Tupperware that could already be tucked away in your cupboard. Baking soda's multi-purpose cleaning uses are nothing new, but it seems the leavening agent can work wonders when it comes to banishing food stains and odours. A Reddit user posting under the name rbcl2015 said: "Baking soda seriously can make anything clear again." READ MORE: Cleaning: How to use a 2p coin to remove limescale from toilet bowls  Experts from Food52 back up the claim, saying baking soda works "as a great stain and odour remover for Tupperware". Baking soda works well as a cleaning agent because of its high pH, making it an alkali. The alkaline properties are able to dissolve dirt and grease build-ups. DON'T MISSEnergy bills: How to reduce your laundry costs by £100 a year [REVEALED]London towns ranked worst and best places to live in 2022 [INSIGHT]Heating: Use underlay to save money on energy bills - ‘simple’ [COMMENT] The mineral structure of baking soda also works as a mild abrasive, to scrub away stains without leaving harsh scratches. Many people favour baking soda because it is a pure, edible product that is non-toxic, unlike other household cleaners. Baking soda also works well to absorb unwanted smells, rather than simply mask them. According to Martha Stewart: "When we utilise baking soda as an odour reducer, the molecules in the air react to the baking soda to grasp those odours." The best way to clean your Tupperware items using baking soda is by making a thick paste from the white powder with water. Warm water works best and you should ensure the paste is of thick consistency. Then rub it inside the container, taking care to cover highly stained areas. Food52 recommends leaving it to sit for at least one day for the best result, then rinse thoroughly. Continue the process until no stains remain and the container smells fresh.