Former British Army Chief of the General Staff Lord Dannatt said that after more than eight years of fighting in the Donbas, Ukraine may need to accept that victory in that region is not worth the fatalities. Lord Dannatt asked if, at this stage of the fighting, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky might be better advised to recognise the regions as already in “de facto” Russian control. Speaking to Andrew Pierce on LBC, he said: “Maybe it will wind up in stalemate. Given that fighting in the Donbas started in 2014 and it is now 2022, it’s already gone on for eight years. “The other point, of course, is the Russians have achieved pretty much what they wanted to achieve which is to get a land corridor from Crimea into Russia proper. “Mariupol will probably fall at some stage and then it’s the Donbas they want. And then what after that? “This, I think, is where Zelensky has got to take a step back and ask if they are really going to be able to negotiate the Russians out of Donbas and out of the Crimea. “Or is it de facto that Russia have got those two regions and the land corridor, maybe they’re just stuck with the last 85 percent of Ukraine.” Ukraine’s foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba told his colleagues at NATO yesterday that “many people will die” as they brace for further Russian offensives in the eastern regions of the nation. He said that the battle for Donbas would remind spectators of the brutal fighting of the second world war and made renewed calls for the donation of heavy weaponry. He said: “Either you help us now – and I’m speaking about days, not weeks – or your help will come too late, and many people will die. “I have no doubts that Ukraine will have weapons necessary to fight. The question is the timeline. The battle for Donbas will remind you of the second world war with large operations, thousands of tanks, armoured vehicles, planes, artillery.” READ MORE: Belarus admits soldiers crossed border to Ukraine [REVEAL] And Oleksandr Hruzevych, deputy chief of staff of Ukraine’s ground forces, has claimed that Russia will use the offensive in the eastern regions, should they succeed, to relaunch an attack further west. He said: “It is likely the enemy has not given up the goal of a second attack on Kyiv – there is such a threat.” Ukrainian deputy defence minister, Hanna Malyar, echoed these sentiments a few hours earlier, saying: “The key objective of the Russian Federation was and is the capture of the entire territory of Ukraine. “Russia planned to do this quickly, but Putin’s blitzkrieg failed. Even so, Russia has not abandoned its plan to take the entire territory of Ukraine.” DON'T MISS: Vladimir Putin left with only 'three ways out of Ukraine' after Russia [INSIGHT] Ukraine need offensive weapons to fight back against Russian atrocity [REVEAL]NATO map: The three countries that could attack Russia first in WW3 [REVEAL] It follows the breaking down of peace talks between Russia and Ukraine, with Turkey, which is hosting the negotiations, saying the Bucha massacres had “overshadowed” the conversation. Russia’s foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, said that a draft peace deal had been presented to Moscow by Kyiv on Thursday but that it contained “unacceptable” elements and contravened previously agreed proposals. Ukraine’s chief negotiator, Mykhailo Podolyak, accused Lavrov of making “purely propagandistic” comments aimed at distracting from the events in Bucha. Turkey has reported that while photos of the Bucha atrocities continue to be released, and with further photos from villages such as Borodyanka, near Kyiv, expected in the future, an “emerging positive atmosphere” had been ruined.