Steve Coogan discussed the controversial moment while speaking to Clive Anderson on BBC Sounds’ Loose Ends. Will Smith slapped Chris Rock after the comedian made a joke about Will’s wife Jada Pinkett Smith and her hair loss, which is a result of the actress suffering from alopecia. Will subsequently apologised to the Academy when he picked up the Best Actor Award before apologising to the comedian in a statement released the following day. Clive asked comedian and actor Steve if he had ever encountered something similar. He replied: “Well I mean first of all, Hollywood showed itself at its absolute worst. “For all the kind of moral posturing that Hollywood has, I think all Hollywood's moral posturing are always commercial decisions and if they're moral, they're dressed up as moral but they are always bottomline decisions.” Steve admitted he agreed with “Rob Reiner and Jim Carrey” who had both publicly condemned Will's actions. Read more: Jada Pinkett Smith ‘wishes’ Will ‘didn’t get physical' with Chris Rock The BBC Sounds host asked Steve if he thought Chris should press charges. Steve simply remarked it “should be academic” on that matter. “There's over a thousand witnesses, they wouldn't have a problem securing a conviction,” he added. Sharing his thoughts on the King Richard star, Steve continued: “I think it's appalling arrogance. “The epitome of all that is twisted and horrible about Hollywood. “Having said that frankly you either believe in freedom of expression or you don’t. “We do have ways of trying to curtail obnoxious behaviour. “But freedom of expression is to be guarded at all costs.” DON'T MISSRicky Gervais blasts Will Smith for slapping 'gentle' Chris Rock [INSIGHT]'Who are we to condemn?' Denzel says 'devil got hold' of Will Smith  [INTERVIEW]Will Smith 'destroys 30 years of work' after resigning [VIDEO] On Friday, Will announced he had resigned from the Academy in a statement claiming he is “committed” to ensuring he doesn’t express violence again. In a statement, he said: “I am resigning from membership in the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, and will accept any further consequences the Board deems appropriate.” The Oscar winner continued: “I betrayed the trust of the Academy. “I deprived other nominees and winners of their opportunity to celebrate and be celebrated for their extraordinary work. I am heartbroken.” “Change takes time and I am committed to doing the work to ensure that I never again allow violence to overtake reason,” he added. Academy president David Rubin accepted the action and noted “disciplinary proceedings” will “continue to move forward”. Will will no longer be able to vote for the Oscars or attend certain Academy events but he will still be eligible for future Oscar nominations.