The Australian Grand Prix returns for the first time since 2019 on Sunday as Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc looks to extend his lead at the top of this season’s Drivers’ Championship standings. The Monegasque won the opening race of the year in Bahrain last month, before claiming second spot in Saudi Arabia. The 2020 Australian Grand Prix was cancelled just hours before the first practice session was due to take place in light of the COVID-19 outbreak. And last year’s race was postponed until November but was later scrapped altogether. Drivers will therefore be excited to test themselves at the Albert Park track once again. And Max Verstappen will be looking to prove he has what it takes to back-up his maiden F1 championship victory by dominating proceedings Down Under. Lewis Hamilton, meanwhile, will be keen to put the disappointment of the early season behind him and show he can compete with the best once again. Hamilton’s Mercedes car has struggled in the early rounds and he finished a lowly 10th in Saudi Arabia last time out. In fact, the Briton is already 29 points behind leader Leclerc. So he will be hoping to see an improvement in Melbourne. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton demoralised as Mercedes woes continue at Australian GP   What time does the race get underway? The Australian Grand Prix gets underway at 6am BST and will last approximately two hours. That means F1 fans in the UK will face an early start to see their heroes in action for the third time this year. How can I watch the race? The Australian Grand Prix will be available to watch on Sky Sports Main Event and Sky Sports F1, with coverage beginning at 4.30am. Existing Sky Sports customers can add individual channels for £18 per month and can also live stream the race via the Sky Go app on a variety of devices. DON'T MISSLando Norris pleased by Lewis Hamilton struggle in 2022 [INSIGHT]Lance Stroll frustrated by Lewis Hamilton in Australian GP practice [PICS]Mercedes problems to continue in Australia as Brundle assesses issues [COMMENT]   Alternatively, fans can watch the Grand Prix with a NOW day membership for £11.99 or monthly membership for £33.99 without signing up to a contract. NOW can be streamed through a computer or apps found on the majority of smart TVs, phones and consoles. And NOW is also available through BT Sport. The 2022 F1 season looks set to be another mouthwatering affair, with Leclerc and Verstappen the two favourites to land the title. Verstappen was forced to retire from the first race due to power failure but triumphed in Saudi Arabia last time out. Ferrari’s Carlos Sainz is sandwiched between the duo in the current standings, with Mercedes pair George Russell and Hamilton in fourth and fifth place respectively. 