Apple has just announced the launch of a new service that's letting iPhone owners fix issues such as broken screens and flat batteries without needing to visit one of its stores or authorised repair specialists. This new DIY option includes all the spare parts and tools you'll need to mend a broken gadget with instructions on how to dismantle things also included. Those wanting to give it a go simply need to head to Apple's Self Service Repair Store where they'll be asked to fill in simple details such as the device that needs fixing and what's wrong with it. To start the Self Service Repair process, a customer will first review the repair manual for the product they want to repair by visiting support.apple.com/self-service-repair. Then, they can visit the Apple Self Service Repair Store and order the necessary parts and tools. Right now, this service is only available in the US but Apple is expected to roll it out across the globe later this year. If you do live across the pond then you'll find the option to repair a battery for around $70 (£55) whilst a new screen will set you back $267 (£210). READ MORE: You must unplug your TV, Sky box and Echo tonight! It will save you more than you think The US firm will even offer credit back if you return the old parts for recycling. This is the first time that Apple has ever allowed users to mend their own devices. Until now, replacing a screen or battery has always needed to be done by an authorised firm which not only means a trip into town but also higher prices. The parts included in the programme are the same ones — at the same price — as those available to Apple’s network of authorised repair providers but you won't pay for the technician's time which makes things cheaper. Along with the iPhone, the tech giant is also promising to make other parts available for devices that use the new M1 chip. That could mean MacBooks and iMacs will also be mendable at home rather than lugging them to a repair shop. Appls says its Self Service Repair is part of its efforts to further expand access to repairs. However, the company also states that for the vast majority of customers who do not have experience repairing electronic devices, visiting a professional repair provider with certified technicians who use genuine Apple parts is still the safest and most reliable way to get a repair.