Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, are claimed to have been invited by the Queen to join the Royal Family on the Buckingham Palace balcony at her Platinum Jubilee, The Daily Telegraphy reported. But the Duke and Duchess of Sussex could avoid the event altogether if Prince Andrew attends. Military historian Christopher Joll has claimed Netflix would suggest Harry and Meghan do not enter the same shot of Andrew. Speaking to LBC, Mr Joll said: "They've entered into multimillion-dollar contracts with Netflix and Spotify amongst others. "We know that there was a Netflix crew lurking in the precincts of Windsor Castle for the most recent meeting. "That creates several problems one of which is if the Queen is determined that Prince Andrew should be part of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations, his appearance at the memorial service on the arm of his mother would indicate that he is going to be part of it. "Netflix will run a million miles or they will tell the Sussexes to run a million miles from being in the same shot with Prince Andrew." READ MORE: Queen's special wish to gather all royals during her Jubilee Andrew's central role in escorting the Queen to the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service has raised the prospect of Andrew putting in an appearance during the Platinum Jubilee weekend. The disgraced royal, who just weeks ago paid millions out of court to settle a civil sexual assault case with a woman he said he had never met, accompanied the monarch to her seat in a shock move in Westminster Abbey. Andrew had been banished from royal life, first bowing out of royal duties in 2019 after his disastrous Newsnight appearance over his friendship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. This January, he was stripped of his honorary military titles and patronages by the Queen, and forced to relinquish using his HRH style amid his legal battle. Virginia Giuffre was suing him for allegedly sexually assaulting her when she was 17 after being trafficked by Epstein, claims the Duke vehemently denied. At the time, Buckingham Palace said: "The Duke of York will continue not to undertake any public duties and is defending this case as a private citizen." Andrew was front and centre of Philip's official memorial service, with his mother holding onto his elbow as they made their way via the shortest route into the Abbey to remember Philip. If the Jubilee service of thanksgiving in St Paul's Cathedral on June 3 is considered to be a family occasion, Andrew could be among the congregation, alongside other non-working royals. DON'T MISS 'What happened to 'just Harry!?' Royal fans left fuming [VIDEO]Prince Harry and Meghan had 'perfect opportunity' to visit Queen [INSIGHT]Queen and Prince Charles in 'dual monarchy' for 'some time' [ANALYSIS] Royal expert Joe Little, of Majesty magazine, suggested: "I think he will be there. "Although the Queen is head of state, she is also head of the family as well and in that capacity all her children should be with her." He added the Royal Family may take stock following the media's response to Andrew's role in Philip's service. Mr Little said: "It is a hard one to predict. It will depend on how the royal family react to some of the newspapers' front pages today. "Of course, they're not known to react in the way that you think they might."