Manchester United must given assurance to Erik ten Hag that he can drop Cristiano Ronaldo whenever he wants, claims Gabriel Agbonlahor. The ex-Aston Villa says Ten Hag must be given all the power if he is to become the next manager at Old Trafford. United have reportedly decided on the Ajax boss to be the permanent successor to interim manager Ralf Rangnick. He looks to have beaten Paris Saint-Germain's Mauricio Pochettino to the job. However, Agbonlahor says the 52-year-old must be given promises that he will have full reigns at the club. The pundit says Ten Hag must be allowed to pick the team he thinks suits his style the best, even if that means leaving out top-earner Ronaldo for a sustained period. Agbonlahor said on talkSPORT: "If they do sign Ten Hag then they have to give him the assurances that he wants. If he doesn't want to play Ronaldo, he doesn't have to play him. READ MORE: Man Utd's Erik Ten Hag decision leaves PSG surprised after Pochettino snub  "Don't say that 'you have to play Ronaldo, the shirt sales, endorsements, we have to play him' - no. If he wants to completely bomb Ronaldo, completely bomb Fernandes, completely bomb anyone he wants, that's his assurances he needs to play the way he wants to with his set of players. "He might want to go younger, he might want to go [Marcus] Rashford through the middle, [Jadon] Sancho, [Anthony] Elanga. He's got have that option. "One hundred per cent, he can't have a little bit of power, he has to have all of it." Meanwhile, Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher has backed the appointment of Ten Hag. DON'T MISSLiverpool have Carvalho deal 'done' with £7.7m fee agreed for summer signing [GOSSIP]Benzema proves Rio Ferdinand wrong as Real Madrid star bags Chelsea hat-trick [QUOTES]Chelsea's Mount has defiant message for Real Madrid - 'If anyone can do it, it's us' [INTERVIEW]  Carragher says it is a brave appointment from United. But he says those brave decisions must continue and Ten Hag should oust both Ronaldo and Paul Pogba. Carragher said on CBS Sports: "I don't think he's getting picked for the fact of just what he's done for Ajax in terms of being successful because you expect that at Ajax. But what they've done in the Champions League in terms of getting to the semi-final, how they play their football, their performance in the group stage this season. "They'll be disappointed to go out to Benfica but I think it's a brave choice because I do think Manchester United now need to start making brave decisions, and some of them about the players as well, in terms of Pogba and Cristiano Ronaldo need to go."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here