If you fancy getting the web beamed into your home at hyperfast speeds and watching endless shows on Sky and Netflix then there's a new deal that's definitely worth checking out. Sky has just launched a discounted bundle that includes its new Gigafast broadband plus access to a swathe of content thanks to a Sky Q box and Netflix subscription. This plan means those signing up will be able to whizz around the web at speeds in excess of 800Mbps - that's around 10 times faster than the current UK average. Sky's new Gigafast plan usually costs £55 per month but this latest deal from the satellite TV firm is offering those incredible speeds plus Netflix and Sky TV for just £66 per month. That means access to all that extra content, which includes shows from Sky Atlantic, Sky Comedy and Sky Max is costing just £11 per month which is pretty epic value for money. If £66 sounds a little too much for your bank balance then don't despair as there are two more deals from Sky that are slightly cheaper. For just £39 per month you'll get the same Sky Q box and Netflix shows but much slower 36Mbps broadband. READ MORE: Best Sky TV Deals: Get Discounts On Sky Glass And Sky Q Packages There's also a plan which costs £46 per month and features all the same content and broadband speeds of around 145Mbps. It's worth noting that all of these deals require customers to sign up for an 18-month deal and there is a £49 upfront fee to pay. CHECK OUT ALL OF THE DEALS BELOW OPTION 1 • £39 per month • SEE THE DEAL HEREINCLUDES: A Sky Q box with Endless entertainment that includes over 100 channels not on Freeview plus over 500 Box Sets. There's also that free Netflix access and 36Mbps broadband.EXTRA FEES & CONTRACT: £49 upfront fee and 18-month contract. OPTION 2 • £46 per month • SEE THE DEAL HEREINCLUDES: A Sky Q box with Endless entertainment that includes over 100 channels not on Freeview plus over 500 Box Sets. There's also that free Netflix access and 145Mbps broadband.EXTRA FEES & CONTRACT: £49 upfront fee and 18-month contract. OPTION 3 • £66 per month • SEE THE DEAL HEREINCLUDES: A Sky Q box with Endless entertainment that includes over 100 channels not on Freeview plus over 500 Box Sets. There's also that free Netflix access and 900Mbps broadband.EXTRA FEES & CONTRACT: £49 upfront fee and 18-month contract. Sound enticing? You haven't got long left to sign up with Sky confirming that these deals will end on Thursday, April 21.