Midsomer Murders star Fiona Dolman has previously told how she saw a different side to her co-star Neil Dudgeon, who plays her husband on the ITV show. In a resurfaced 2015 interview, Fiona, 52, who plays Sarah Barnaby, explained how working with cherubic baby twins brought out the "clown" in her co-star, as a result of their on-screen romance. Fiona appears on Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh this morning, where she may discuss working with the twins alongside Neil on the set of Midsomer Murders. Neil has starred as DCI Tom Barnaby on the popular ITV whodunit drama since 2011. Since then, his character has gone through many changes, including welcoming his on-screen daughter Betty, who was played by twin girls Abbie and Georgia. On the plot of the hit crime drama, Sarah and Tom welcomed daughter Betty after Fiona fell pregnant in real life. Her pregnancy was written into the script and as a result the actors film scenes with the twin girls who played their baby daughter. READ MORE: Jada Pinkett Smith filmed ‘laughing’ as Will Smith slapped Chris Rock While filming the series in the grounds of Chenies Manor in Buckinghamshire, Fiona revealed that being on the set isn't all work and no play as she and Neil often spend time making the twins laugh. Back in 2015, Fiona explained: "We get a lot of time between takes to play with the girls and make silly baby noises. "You can get giggles out of them now. "And it’s been fun seeing that side of Neil. "It brings out the clown in him," she revealed. However, despite spending time with the twins in between takes, Neil admitted that filming scenes with young children did present a challenge. He went on to admit one of the babies didn't like being strapped into the pushchair as he and Fiona said their lines. As a result, he told how she was "screaming her head off" during the take. DON'T MISS... Richard Williams ‘doesn’t condone’ Will Smith Oscars slap [INSIGHT]Jamie Lee Curtis weighs in on Will Smith's infamous Oscars slap [ANALYSIS]Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts [UPDATE] Nevertheless, Neil hailed the "spontaneous quality" of his young co-stars, telling Daily Mail's Weekend Magazine they make the scenes "more real." Neil's comments come after he poked fun at the acting skills displayed by the cast of Midsomer Murders, as he quipped that a lack of talent "never held us back" while discussing the new series on This Morning a year ago. The star reassured host Holly Willoughby she doesn’t need to be an exceptionally talented actor to make a guest appearance in the ITV drama. Neil appeared alongside his co-star Nick Hendrix, 35, who plays Detective Sergeant Jamie Winter, while offering Holly a role on their show. Despite being thrilled about the job offer, Holly expressed her concerns about her lack of acting experience. The host told the duo: “You’re going to have to, like, kill me off really quickly because I’m terrible at acting! I don’t know what I’m going to do!” However, DCI John Barnaby actor Neil then mischievously joked in reference to the cast’s acting pedigree: “That’s never held us back in Midsomer!” Joining in on the joke, Nick quipped: “Neil’s been doing it for 10 years, come on in!” Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh is on this morning at 10am on ITV.