The Duchess of Sussex and her husband Prince Harry arrived in The Hague last Friday for the event, but she returned home to the US on Monday to be with her children Archie and Lilibet. During her time in The Netherlands, Meghan Markle spent time with the Invictus Games competitors and their families and on Sunday, took part in a private engagement with the British Embassy. The embassy in The Hague released pictures of the engagement, taken by photographer Chris Allerton, writing on Twitter: "A very special moment in the @UKinNL tent on Sunday as Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex joined #TeamUK families for @nl_British's story hour! "Team UK's James Stride read 'Hairy Maclary from Donaldson's Dairy'." Meghan - visiting Europe for the first time in two years after she and Harry stepped away from royal duties - painted a touching tribute on the Ukrainian flag, with the word "peace" written over it. But fans were quick to spot a huge mistake in one picture, pointing out the flag was upside down, with the yellow half of it at the top instead of the blue. Twitter user "Madam Defarge" (@Madamdefa) wrote: "How embarrassing. The Ukrainian flag is upside down." Royal Family news and updates account "The Royal Crown" (@RoyalCrown_) commented: "Oh dear, MM has written 'peace' across her Ukrainian flag but her flag is incorrect. She has it upside down." "Elena Ramos" (@ElenaRa00455998) said: "The Ukrainian flag she painted is sadly upside down." Fellow Twitter user "Adelsexpertin" (@Adelsexpertin) added: "Was there no one who could have explained to the Duchess of Sussex which is the top and which is the bottom of the Ukrainian flag before she wrote 'Peace' on it?" READ MORE: Queen breaks cover ahead of birthday with surprise helicopter trip But several others were full of praise for Meghan and loved the rare snaps from the private engagement at the Invictus Games. "Blackrose" (@blackrose3kr) tweeted: "It’s absolutely amazing seeing Meghan with the Invictus family." Princess Jacqueline (@PrincessJacqu) said: "These are some of the best pics to see of our Meghan and the families enjoying activities for them. Very inclusive!" Fellow Twitter user "Erikk_the_Dane" (@Erikk_the_Dane2) added: "I love that Meghan spent some time socializing with children on Easter. She's a good person with a kind heart." DON'T MISSPrince Harry's 'discomfort' during on-stage kiss with Meghan [ANALYSIS]'Can see it all blow up in their face again' Harry and Meghan warned [COMMENTS]Prince Harry 'wrecked his life' with US move–‘heir and spare dynamic' Before arriving for the Invictus Games on Friday, Meghan and Harry made a surprise visit to Britain en route to the Netherlands. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex met the Queen and Prince Charles at Windsor Castle the day before. During an interview with US broadcast journalist Hoda Kotb, Harry opened up about his and Meghan's meeting with the Queen. In a preview clip of the interview shared during NBC’s Nightly News with Lester Holt on Tuesday, he said: “Being with her was great, it was just so nice to see her. "She was on great form, she’s always got a great sense of humour. “I was just making sure that she is protected and got the right people around her.” Harry said that he made his 95-year-old grandmother “laugh,” before telling Ms Kotb that he and Meghan had tea with the monarch. The Duke of Sussex added: “It was really nice to catch up with her."