AJ was the Tipping Point player crowned Monday’s winner as he joined Ben Shephard at the famous coin-dropping machine in the hopes of pocketing a life-changing sum of cash. And right from the first drop of the jackpot counter, AJ was poised to make ITV show history as the disc dropped right on top of a “double” counter, meaning any that dropped with it would find its value multiplied by two. And as the final round progressed, both the double and jackpot counters edged ever closer to the edge of the bottom shelf. With AJ answering a number of Ben’s brainteasers correctly, the stage was set for him to make history, especially when he had been given a final three counters after correctly answering his last category right. However, the tide appeared to turn against AJ as two of the three final counters brushed past the jackpot and double. “My heart is literally racing,” Ben said as AJ’s final counter nudged the pair of counters to the edge, however. READ MORE: Ben Shephard in disbelief over Tipping Point star's unbelievable error The ITV host shouted: “Come on, AJ! Are you gonna be the third person ever to get the double jackp-“ But as the counters stopped right on the edge of the drop zone, Ben yelled: “Oh, no!” The counters came to a standstill and Ben rushed to the other side of the Tipping Point stage in anguish. “I was convinced it was gonna go,” he told AJ, stunned at how close he came to making history. The drama wasn’t done there, however, as with £3,500 in his prize pot, Ben offered AJ the chance to trade it for three final counters - meaning he’d leave with £20,000 or nothing. Despite the £3,500 being more than enough to pay for AJ’s original plans for his winnings - a family holiday to Finland - the contestant couldn’t resist the trade given the jackpot counter’s position in the machine. Describing the £20,000 as “life-changing”, AJ took the trade and proceeded to drop the three bonus counters into the machine. The first two failed to move the jackpot off the edge, meaning all of AJ’s hopes rode on his final counter. DON'T MISS: Emmerdale theory: Cain Dingle discovers he's not Faith's sonGrace backlash: ITV viewers furious with pre-watershed violenceOnly Fools and Horses star wasn’t supposed to be in whole series But after a costly error with his timing, the final counter ended up riding, meaning it was resting on top of another counter and was unable to cause any traction with the others. “No, no! You absolute…” Ben screamed while AJ let out a disappointed chuckle. “It was worth the risk, Ben,” AJ commented while a distraught Ben weighed in: “Look at the jackpot on the end there, I’m so sorry.” And it wasn’t just Ben who was left devastated by AJ’s narrow loss as fans at home echoed the host’s sorrow. Elaine Gadah said on Twitter: “Poor AJ. So wanted him to get the £20,000 #tippingpoint “OMG, heartbreaking,” Robin Chapman weighed in. “Hope you gave AJ a huge hug afterwards @benshephard #tippingpoint.” And @elizagirliegirl praised: “That was tense, but I'd have taken the trade too in that situation, good for him  #TippingPoint.” “I’m so gutted for AJ #tippingpoint,” Becky Osmann added while John Belton remarked: “Gutted for that guy on #TippingPoint he had to take the trade, was so brave and so unlucky, hopefully his kids one day get to Lapland.” Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV.