Michael Fassbender has long been a favourite among fans speculating over who could be the next James Bond. The German-born Irish star showed off what his 007 could be like as young Magneto in the Cold War setting of X-Men: First Class. Ever since then, he’s often appeared among the better odds for Daniel Craig’s replacement and none more so than over the past few weeks. The 45-year-old has seen his odds of 25-1 at William Hill cut by 80 per cent down to just 5-1, overtaking the likes of Tom Hardy on 8-1. A spokesman for the bookies said: “The Irishman has been the subject of very solid support over the past few weeks and has been backed right down to the 5/1 third favourite having been 25/1 at the start of April. If the weight of support continues it won’t be long till he’s vying for favouritism with Regé-Jean Page at 5/2.” Being at 5-1, Fassbender is now in third place, with Henry Cavill ahead of him on 7-2 and Regé-Jean Page still in the top stop at 5-2. Just behind Fassbender are Idris Elba, Aidan Turner and James Norton on 7-1. Elba was recently backed by Will Smith’s King Richard director Reinaldo Marcus Green. The filmmaker is keen to helm a Bond movie with the Luther star, telling The Hollywood Reporter: “Yeah, if it has somebody that looks like me in front of it, I’m definitely open to it. I want to go into that direction and I want to be able to add value to a new Bond. I grew up watching popcorn movies, so if I could add a little something to it, that would be cool. Let’s see if Idris wants to do it. I think [The Wire writers] Dave and George could call Idris and see what we could do.” Of course, Elba turns 50 this year and Fassbender is already 45, so perhaps they’re just too old? The bookies' odds should be taken with a pinch of salt on the next Bond, but you never know who could end up at the auditions. Franchise producer Barbara Broccoli has confirmed Craig’s replacement will be male, but she’s open to auditioning actors of any ethnicity. In terms of the process, she’s teased that the first thing is working out which way the reboot will go in terms of how light or gritty it is. DON'T MISSSean Connery 'hated directors': Michael Bay 'so scared' of Bond star [SEAN CONNERY]James Bond: Roger Moore drank for his nerves on For Your Eyes Only set [ROGER MOORE]James Bond: 007 movies returning to cinemas PLUS streaming for ‘free’ [JAMES BOND] Only after that will Broccoli and her sibling producer Michael G Wilson begin auditioning actors to fit the reboot’s tone – if they haven’t already started, of course. The last time the secret screen tests took place was in 2005 when Craig beat Cavill to the part for Casino Royale. The auditions involve acting out a scene from the new movie and also one in From Russia with Love, when Bond approaches a woman in bed while holding a gun and wearing nothing but a towel. With Global James Bond Day on October 5 marking the 60th anniversary of the franchise, perhaps this would be the best day to make an annoucement?