New Lives in the Wild presenter Ben Fogle and his wife Marina Fogle broke the sad news that the family guinea pigs had been eaten by a fox to more than 468,000 Instagram followers yesterday. The distraught TV star, 48, confessed he was "surprised" by how much grief he felt at their loss. Marina posted her feelings about the bereavement, admitting: "A sad day in the Fogle household. "Our beloved Q and Patch are in guinea pig heaven. “Today has been a day of great sadness, with many tears shed and the sound of sobs reverberating from our house.” Ben added a comment on her post, admitting: “I never thought I’d be crying on the other side of the world for our little Guinea Pigs but they were so much more than just animals, they were our friends.” READ NOW: Naga Munchetty admits struggle as tells BBC colleague ‘ask for help’ Ben elaborated on the tragedy in his own Instagram post, telling the world how it felt to lose "our little Guinea Pig friends". In an emotional post featuring photos of the adorable fluffy animals, he continued: "They were taken by a fox who dug into their hutch." "I’m surprised by how sad I feel. They were so much more than just rodents. "They were our friends, a part of our happy family." The Countrywise star added: "It’s amazing the relationship we can build with those we care for, no matter how big or small, hairy or scaly. "They brought us so much happiness, joy and laughter. "They taught the children so much about responsibility, love and now grief, but above all, they reminded us that however hard the pain of loss, it’s still worth it." He then quoted a famous children's author, quipping: "As the great Dr Seuss said, ‘don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened’." DON'T MISS: Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband [INSIGHT] Ruth Langsford's husband Eamonn issues plea to 'unsung hero' at ITV [LATEST] Dan Walker’s awkward reply to Sally Nugent after BBC exit news [UPDATE]  "Thank you for the sweetness you brought into our lives, I’ll miss your singing in the morning," he wrote in his affectionate open letter paying tribute to the pets. "Fair wind little Cuy’s, I hope there’s lots of fresh spinach up there!" (sic) he joked. Our Farm In The Dales star Matt Baker replied to the post to offer some comfort, telling Ben: "I always say the reason we love our pets so much is because the only time they break our hearts is when they leave us!" @the.barbour.dogs then wrote back to Matt with their own account of what it's like to love an animal. "I could cry for joy so many times when they are alive!" the Instagrammer elaborated. "When they show how sensitive they are to human feelings and emotions. They know when we need cuddles, they cringe when we are upset or angry, they are pleased when we giggle. "It just takes us so long to realise how clever and communicative they are - but sometimes we don’t hear them, then we cry for our own loss, when they are gone…" @sew.cromwell also replied to the post, chiming in: "My daughter has 3 piggies. She said to me the other day that she may give them away when they get older as she doesn't think she could handle the sadness when they die."