 The Duke of Sussex arrived in the Netherlands on Friday for the fifth Invictus Games, which is running from today until April 22. Harry was joined by his wife Meghan Markle, with the couple appearing in Europe in public for the first time together since quitting the Royal Family two years ago. On their way to the Hague from the US where the couple now live, the pair stopped by Windsor Castle to visit the Queen while they also reportedly saw Prince Charles. Harry and Meghan visit comes despite their relationship with the Firm having been fraught with tension since the couple stepped back as senior royals. Then, upon their arrival in the Netherlands, Harry and Meghan joined a reception for friends and family of participants at Zuiderpark, where the games are being held. The Invictus Games, which was founded by Harry eight years ago, is an international sporting event for wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women. Both Harry and Meghan are set to speak at the event’s opening ceremony tonight, which will be attended by the Dutch royal family and the Netherlands prime minister Mark Rutte. Read More: Meghan and Harry's covert visit to Queen at Windsor Castle confirmed   While Harry is well versed in public speaking, he once admitted that one of his “worst speeches” took place at the opening ceremony of the first ever Invictus Games. The Duke of Sussex explained that he was “nervous” and “shaking” while formally opening the event at the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in London. Writing on Instagram in 2018 to mark the five year anniversary of the first Invictus Games, Harry said he was “full of nerves about everything” in the build up to the tournament. He added: “[I was nervous about] the whole planning, whether it was going to come together, whether people were going to turn up, whether we were going to fill seats.”  He then added that he was worried about his speech. On the night Harry was awkwardly standing on a podium that was placed in the middle of the aidiance before all the competitors. Harry said: “On the actual night, we had the lectern ‒ or the podium ‒ right in front of all the competitors so I could see all of their faces. “And they started chanting and I was so nervous, I was shaking. Don't Miss: How Invictus Games landed Prince Harry among US elite like Obama[OPINION]Edward and Sophie's wedding 'refusal': 'Not public property'[INSIGHT]Unearthed letter shows Queen's concern for Charles as a child[ANALYSIS]  “I knew I had a certain window to be able to get my words out and we were also running behind [schedule]. “It’s probably one of the worst speeches I’ve ever given.” Tonight, the event’s opening ceremony will feature live performances by the Kaiser Chiefs, the Johan Willem Friso royal military band, rock band DI-RECT and singer songwriter Anneke van Giersbergen. It will also be attended by Princess Margiet and Prince Pieter-Christiaan of the dutch Royal Family, while Netherlands’ Prime Minister Mr Rutte is also scheduled to give a speech about the importance of the Invictus Games.  This year Harry and Meghan are being joined by a film crew who are making a documentary on the games entitled Heart of Invictus. It is the first show of the couple’s reported $100million (£76.5million) deal with the streaming firm, and is being produced by Archewell, the Sussexes production company. Appearing in the documentary is Oksana Horbach, the Ukraine team manager, who is part of the county’s armed forces working with food supply chains in Kyiv.  Ms Horbach told PA news agency: “I spoke to Meghan about the importance of having a voice and she totally understood that ‒ be heard, be vocal, have a voice, just tell your own truth, your experience. “It’s very important to her. “And she told me that it is something that they support profoundly, with full heart, to have this platform, Invictus Games platform, for the nations, especially for Ukraine, to be able to have that voice.”