Real Madrid star Marco Asensio has reportedly reiterated his desire to remain with the Spanish giants depsite strong interest from Arsenal. Asensio has impressed for Los Blancos this season, scoring 11 goals in the 38 appearances he has made in all competitions. But his contract in the Spanish capital expires at the end of next season, meaning this summer represents the best chance for Madrid to bring in a significant fee for him. That is not something Asensio wants to see happen though, despite interest from a number of clubs. According to transfer insider Fabrizio Romano, Asensio's agent Jorge Mendes will begin negotiations over a new deal with Madrid chiefs in the 'coming days'. It is stated that Asensio 'wants to stay' but that will depend on the financial package Madrid offer to him. Madrid will need to ensure that the deal does indeed suit Asensio, as he has already been approached by 'many clubs'. One of those teams is understood to be Arsenal, who will be looking to boost Mikel Arteta's options for next season. READ MORE: McManaman's amusing response to Benzema Panenka during City vs Real According to Calciomercato, Arsenal 'especially' remain in the running to sign the Spanish winger. It is further stated that they would have 'no problem' meeting Asensio's wage demands if he was to be sold by Madrid this summer. Those demands are said to be in the region of £5.9million per season, with that figure not an issue for the Gunners. Asensio's future likely depends on that of Kylian Mbappe, with the Madrid star expected to depart the club if Los Blancos can successfully secure their long-desired target. DON'T MISS: Real Madrid boss Ancelotti has Benzema suspicion after Man City loss (NEWS)Benzema explains Panenka penalty after Man City edge out Real Madrid (INSIGHT)Man City boss Pep Guardiola congratulates Real Madrid despite defeat (ANALYSIS) If Mbappe was to arrive at the Bernabeu as Madrid's latest Galatico, Aseneio's departure would be 'practically certain'. While he has helped Madrid to the top of the La Liga table, he is not a nailed-on starter under Carlo Ancelotti. That has opened the door to a potential sale, with Asensio having only featured for two minutes in the first leg of the Champions League semi-final against Manchester City. He will hope to fight his way back into the team for next week's second leg, with Los Blancos trailing 4-3.