The Invictus Games is known to be an initiative very close to Prince Harry's heart, and it returns this month in The Hague after a delay due to COVID-19. Harry, an Army veteran himself, founded the Invictus Games several years ago, and the sporting event is for sick, injured and wounded servicemen and women. Although royal fans are keen to see Archie and Lilibet at the Invictus Games, it is understood Meghan and Harry will not be joined by their two children for the event. But before the confirmation came earlier this week that Meghan would be joining her husband in The Hague, some within Team UK expressed their wish for Archie and Lilibet to join the couple. Daniel O'Connor, 31, who is competing in archery and indoor rowing, highlighted how Meghan had been to previous Invictus Games events, and he said: "I think she's doing a great job. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's 'shocking' snub  "I would love to see her at the Games. If she is, great, and I hope they bring the kids as well so they've got the whole family there." Harry and Meghan's two children live largely out of the royal spotlight since their parents left their working royal roles in March 2020. Archie accompanied his parents on their royal tour of South Africa in 2019 while he was still a baby and, aside from the odd social media appearance or Christmas card release, Archie is rarely seen in public. Harry and Meghan's second child Lilibet was born in June 2021, but royal fans have only seen one picture of Lilibet so far on the Sussexes' Christmas card last year.   Several working and extended members of the Royal Family are expected to attend the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations over the four-day bank holiday weekend this June. The event will also coincide with baby Lilibet's first birthday, so it would provide the perfect opportunity for the Queen to be introduced to the only one of her 12 great-grandchildren that she is yet to meet. But whether or not Archie and Lilibet will visit the UK with their parents for the event is currently uncertain due to Harry's ongoing legal battle. DON'T MISS:Why Prince Harry will meet Princess Margriet of the Netherlands [INSIGHT]Have Your Say: Should the Queen step down and make way for Charles? [OPINION]Meghan and Harry will revisit relationship milestone at Invictus Games [ANALYSIS]  Harry is bringing a claim against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the same degree of personal protective security when visiting from the US, despite offering to pay for it himself. Harry wants to bring his children to visit from the US, but he and his family are "unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous, his legal representative has said. Prince Harry has returned to the UK on two occasions for public engagements since the Covid pandemic began, with the first visit being Prince Philip's funeral in April 202. For his second visit, Harry attended the unveiling of a statue of his late mother Princess Diana on what would have been her 60th birthday in June 2021. 