Avid GB News fan Sue Ashcombe-Hurt joined Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster to explain what impact the tax increase would have on her. She explained why her knowledge of finance means she knows what she can earn without paying the tax and this is how she will be getting around the increase. Commenting on the changes, she labelled the chancellor's plan as "the wrong thing to do". The Manchester resident has spoken to the GB News team in the past to give her view on the cost of living. Eammon expressed his delight to meet Sue in person, welcoming her by stating: "It's lovely to see you for the first time in the flesh." "Lovely to meet you both," Sue replied as Eamonn explained why she was making a guest appearance. "Sue's great because she provides a sort of running commentary on the whole cost of living crisis," Eammon commented. READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show "And basically she's come out today to warm up. She's joining us here in the studio because you've told us about how you can't afford to turn on the heating." He continued: "You're one of the working, stressed out - well I was going to say poor but I mean, you're under pressure. "You have a job and we get the National Insurance hike from today. "So, she's a real GB News viewer and listener, what do you think about this insurance hike today?"  Sue answered: "Totally the wrong thing to do. If you want to expand your income for the treasury, you don't raise taxes, you lower them." She added: "If you want to get more jobs in the economy, you don't raise taxes, you lower them. "It's going to stop employers employing people for jobs because it just makes it far more expensive." Isabel asked: "You work for yourself, so how will this impact you directly? From today, are you making changes to your lifestyle as a result of this?" DON'T MISS... Former Apprentice candidate recalls Lord Sugar trait 'He disappears' [EXCLUSIVE]Loose Women row as Carol McGiffin dismisses Charlene class claims [VIDEO]Dan Walker details how Strictly stint prepared him for Channel 5 move [INTERVIEW] "It's not going to affect me," Sue insisted. "He's [Sunak] not going to get a penny off me. "Because I know, I've worked with finance all my life, so I know how much I can earn without paying any National Insurance, and that's what I'm going to do." Eamonn explained: "She's a bookkeeper, you see, she knows the figures." It comes as national insurance contributions are set to increase by 1.25 percent as of Wednesday. Other viewers soon got commented on Sue's remarks to give their view. Twitter user @BancroftRenshaw wrote: "BRILLIANT Sue, You Can Help So Many People." (sic) @IanSluggy40 penned: "Great to see @GBNEWS out on the road bigging up Manchester this week. "Let's have more of Sue from Sandbach. She's brilliant. A real down to earth force of nature." Derick Jones, however, pointed out: "Vat man will be on her now, bit silly saying your going to cook the books on TV, they be looking to make an example, should of kept quiet." (sic) "She's going to have trouble getting money for Social Care," @SFran51 added. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News.