Britons will be hoping for a repeat of the baking temperatures that were seen during the Easter holidays. Good Friday gave residents the opportunity to bask in glorious sunshine on what was the warmest day of the year so far. Will hot spells be making a welcome return? Express.co.uk gives a full run-down of what weather you can expect this weekend. Saturday promises to be the hottest day of the bank holiday weekend, with WXCharts anticipating temperatures to reach as high as 17C in central and northern parts of England. These regions include Leicester and Nottingham in the East Midlands, as well as the Yorkshire cities of Sheffield and Wakefield. For the rest of England, temperatures will vary between 12 and 15C, with parts of Cornwall in particular flagging behind the rest of the country.  READ MORE: RAF emergency: Chinook helicopter sends 7700 ‘squawk code’ over Exeter Similar scenarios are expected to play out across Northern Ireland and Wales, though the latter will enjoy slightly higher temperatures. Meanwhile, parts of Scotland, such as Glasgow, Motherwell and Edinburgh, are forecast to not exceed 10C throughout the day. The Met Office forecast has predicted: “Cloud and rain, occasionally heavy, along with strengthening winds gradually moves southeastwards across Scotland and Northern Ireland. “Much of England and Wales will be fine with some warm sunshine.”  By the time we reach Sunday conditions in the UK will have flipped with Scotland predicted to enjoy the highest temperatures - up to 16C in northwest regions. BBC Weather is forecasting it to be “cloudier for many” on Sunday where spells of rain are “more likely” in the south. The pattern is backed up by the Met Office who expect a similar trend in “outbreaks of rain across the south”.  DON'T MISS: M5 closed in Somerset after serious crash - long delays [NEWS]Have your say: Should UK rip up deal over EU impasse? Who's to blame? [POLL]Royal Family: Harry and Meghan 'stunned' by 'shut door'  [INSIGHT] Weather charts demonstrate any rain is likely to affect the southwest of England and Wales - between 0.4 and 1.5mm/hr. As a result temperatures in England are expected to flag somewhat, but these will remain around 11C for the most part. The same pattern is also predicted to be observed by those living in Wales. Elsewhere, Northern Ireland will be given the chance to enjoy some warmer periods, with temperatures reaching up to 14C in eastern parts of the country.  For Bank Holiday Monday, temperatures are anticipated to pick up once more in England, though they’re unlikely to reach those seen earlier in the weekend. On the whole, these will range between 14 and 15C with the north of England due to be the beneficiaries of the warmest spells yet again. BBC Weather has predicted a “dull” Monday across northern parts of the UK with “largely cloudy skies and spells of rain throughout”. While the south can expect “variable cloud” and the possibility of an “odd shower”. 