A fellow traveller Susan Bullock told how the Remainers refused to to go through the “all other passport” check at Madrid airport because they were “still Europeans”. She posted on Twitter: “Hats off to the two young British guys at Madrid airport just now who refused to go to ‘All other passports’, insisting that as they didn’t vote for Brexit , they were still Europeans … and they got away with it!” People on Twitter were quick to laud the men for their actions, with Sue Willis writing: “Respect to them. I was going to wear my EU flag badge on arrival in Greece”. Another, Claire Savage, said: “I’ll be doing the same whenever I go to Europe.” enthusiastic communicator said: “Brilliant they made a stand. So agree with them!” While David Cheese claimed Remainers were being punished. He replied saying: “As a europhile and regular business traveller to Europe I’ve been disappointed that some countries have made it harder than it needs to be for with the turning off of British passport recognition at the automated gates. “They’re hurting those that didn’t vote to leave the bloc.”  READ MORE:Passport Office and DVLA facing privatisation demands But others highlighted British people are still European regardless of the the Brexit vote because the UK is in Europe. Jemmy55 posted: “The UK is still part of Europe so British people are Europeans and Brexit didn’t change that. The only difference now is that we are no longer in the EU.”  DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: Spain Italy France and Greece may copy Portugal [BLOG]David Frost's predicted bleak UK outcome BEFORE Brexit negotiations [COMMENT]Jacob Rees-Mogg cabinet row with trade secretary explained [EXPLAINED] Carolyn McCleary said: You do realise we are still part of Europe therefore are still European? MBalley said: I voted for Brexit but I am still European. Check the map. UK is still on continent of Europe.  Since Britain voted to unshackle itself from the bloc, British citizens are not able to use EU passport gates and are asked to use separate lanes from EU citizens when queuing. While Brexit saw Britons handed with new passports - which are based on the country’s traditional pre-EU passports.  Blue passports were first introduced in Britain back in 1921 but were phased out after 1988 when members of the European Economic Community – now the EU – agreed to harmonise designs to a burgundy colour.