A silver car erupted into flames after it crashed outside the Russian Embassy in the Romanian capital of Bucharest. One man is confirmed to have died in the incident, which took place in the early hours of Wednesday morning. Video recorded at the scene shows the car rammed against the reinforced gates of the Russian Embassy as the vehicle bursts into flames.  Panicked military police security forces are seen running in the footage as they attempt to get the scene under control. It remains unclear if the crash in Romania was deliberate or accidental. The one recorded fatality relating to the incident is understood to be the driver of the car, as reported by police. As the Romanian police service continue their investigation at the scene, no identifying details of the driver have yet been released. Globally, other Russian Embassies have suffered attacks as people grow angry at Putin’s continued invasion of neighbouring Ukraine.    Similar to the event in Bucharest, the gates to the Russian Embassy in Dublin, Ireland were crushed into by a lorry in early March. The incident was investigated as criminal damage and one man was arrested. Employees of the Dublin building declared the scene to be a “criminal act of insanity”. The Russian Embassy in Ireland has been surrounded by protests against Putin since the early days of the Ukraine invasion. Read more: European Union stops short of imposing Russian oil embargo One incident saw the embassy defaced with red paint and video footage of the lorry crash contains clear recordings of onlookers cheering at the scene. According to wider reports, it is not just Russian Embassies that are suffering protests and attacks across Europe. A Russian cultural institution, the Paris office of Rossotrudnichestvo, was attacked with a reported Molotov cocktail in an attempt to burn down the building. No injuries were reported as the bottle of flammable liquid hit a fence protecting the building. Following the incident, Maria Zakharova, a spokesperson for the Russian foreign ministry, urged French authorities to ensure the proper security of Russian buildings to protect the institutions from future attacks. DON'T MISS:Ukrainian mum wrote contact details on daughter [REVEAL]Putin war crime investigation ‘could move very quickly’ [INSIGHT]Biden's right: Putin must be tried as war criminal [COMMENT] The atmosphere in Romania has been understandably tense as the country shares a border with Ukraine which remains under attack from Russian forces. The Russian Embassy in Bucharest was recently the scene of anti-war protests as the Romanian population demonstrated their opposition to Putin’s violent actions. Being in close proximity to Ukraine, Romania has come under pressure to open its borders as hundreds of thousands of desperate Ukrainian civilians continue to flee their homes in the Russian attack. Romania has welcomed Ukrainian citizens as they escape the violence. In the first 72 hours of the invasion, Romania is reported to have seen the arrival of some 43,000 Ukrainian refugees.   