Cleaning the toilet is one of the "most dreaded" spring cleaning chores for Britons, according to new research by Thane UK as part of The Thane H2O Great British Spring-Cleaning Survey. The survey also found that men were much more likely to dread scrubbing the toilet (55 percent) than women (38 percent). This is particularly true when the toilet has been left for long periods of time, allowing for grime and limescale to build up. However, in a bid to help others tackle the chore, Reddit users have shared their top tips for getting rid of "stained limescale" prone to toilet bowls. According to one user, posting under the name Permaculture, you might have the answer tucked away in a kitchen cupboard. They explained that in order to get rid of "stained limescale you need acid and scrubbing to get it off." READ MORE: Houseplants: Use eggshells to ‘boost’ the health of your plants The user continued: "Start with white vinegar, though brown works just as well. "Put some in a spray bottle, spray it on, wait five mins then give it a scrub. Do this a few times." Due to the high percentage of acetic acid in vinegar, giving it its low pH value, the liquid works well to combat limescale build-ups. As limescale is made of calcium carbonate, an alkaline, the acidity of vinegar works to break through the hard deposits. DON'T MISSHow to clean your microwave using just vinegar [INSIGHT]Is it cheaper to leave heating on all day? Best way to save on heating [REPORT]Use a white vinegar spray after every single shower [EXPLAINER] Vinegar is also a relatively cost-effective method for cleaning toilets, available for under £1 in most supermarkets. The Reddit user continued: "If vinegar does no good, you can try other acids. "The strongest one is 'Spirit of Salts'. "Use with great caution, follow the instructions on the bottle, ventilate the area thoroughly and wear protective gear as it will advise. "I applied a dilute solution with a brush and it worked a treat for me." Some cleaning experts also recommend using baking soda alongside vinegar for an extra natural cleaning punch. The Spruce recommends pouring in one cup of vinegar and "swishing it around your toilet using a toiler brush". Next, add one cup of baking soda to the toilet bowl, followed by another one to two cups of vinegar. This will create a fizzing action as the two substances react, which works to break down the limescale. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Let this solution sit for around 10 minutes before scrubbing the solutions around the toiler bowl using a toilet brush. Make sure to get any stains above the waterline too. If any stains remain, scrub again using a stiff-bristled brush, before flushing the toilet one last time to rinse.