Tish Cyrus, 54, has reportedly filed for divorce from Achy Breaky Heart crooner Billy Ray Cyrus, 60. The parents to pop star Miley Cyrus have been married for 29 years - but this isn’t the first time one of them has filed for divorce. According to TMZ, court records show Tish filed in Tennessee, US, last week. She apparently cites “irreconcilable differences” and claims the couple have not lived together for more than two years. The publication also claimed Tish, born Leticia Jean Finley, has suggested how their money be divided up, asking that it’s equally split. Billy is thought to be worth £15.3million, according to Celebrity Net Worth. READ MORE: Con Cluskey dead: The Bachelors' star dies aged 80 The pair have five children together: Noah, 22, Miley, 29, Trace, 33, Braison, 27, and Brandi, 34. As the youngest, Noah, who has also enjoyed chart success, is 22 - they will not engage in a child custody battle. Tish and Billy’s last red carpet appearance was at the 2019 Grammys, where they held hands and looked affectionate with one another, according to the Daily Mail. The last time they were seen in public together was in 2020. However, this is far from the first time the couple have threatened to divorce one another. Back in 2010, Billy was the first to file, before they reconciled. Three years later Tish filed for divorce, but changed her mind within months. At the time, Billy Ray told Us Weekly: “We both woke up and realised we love each other and decided we want to stay together. DON'T MISS: Brooklyn Beckham shares first glimpse of wedding with Nicola Peltz [PICTURES] Michael Bublé in disbelief over Elton John's help amid son's cancer [NEWS] Insight into Brooklyn Beckham's star-studded brunch [INSIGHT] “We both went into couples therapy, something we haven't done in 22 years of being together, and it's brought us closer together and really opened up our communication in amazing ways. “Tish also said marriage can be really hard especially after 22 years of being in entertainment. We've had rough times but we both realised we didn't want to be another statistic and wanted to make it work.” The couple tied the knot back in 1993, when they were both in their 20s and Billy’s country music career was really taking off. In fact, he has even claimed his record label at the time didn’t approve of him marrying Tish, who was pregnant with Braison at the time. Tish was Billy’s second wife, as he was wed to Cindy Smith from 1986-1991. With another ex-partner, Kristin Luckey, he has a 30-year-old son named Christopher Cody. From 2006-2011, Billy starred opposite daughter Miley on the Disney Channel series Hannah Montana, playing her on-screen father. The show propelled Miley to fame and was even nominated for four Emmys.