Barcelona could employ the same tactics they used to sign Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in January as they seek to snap Alexandre Lacazette up from Arsenal for free this summer. And that could allow the deadly strikers to link-up as team-mates once again after the duo spent four years together at the Emirates Stadium. Barcelona have been short of cash in recent years after being severely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. And the club have signed a whole host of players without paying a penny for them. Earlier this year, they managed to secure the services of blockbuster forward Aubameyang after the Gunners agreed to release him from his contract early. By the time he departed north London, the Gabon international had been banished from the team following a disciplinary breach. Lacazette hasn’t suffered the same fall from grace his former colleague did at the Emirates Stadium and has actually benefitted from Aubameyang’s exit after forcing his way back into Mikel Arteta’s starting team. But he looks unlikely to stay at the club beyond the end of the season. JUST IN: Roma ‘learn Man Utd already have Boubacar Kamara transfer agreement'   According to Spanish publication Sport, Barcelona are on alert as they seek to strengthen their frontline. The Catalans are also monitoring Erling Haaland, Robert Lewandowski and Mohamed Salah but are attracted to the fact that Lacazette could join for free. But Barcelona face competition from Lyon for the signature of Lacazette. Lyon were the club that originally sold the 30-year-old to Arsenal in 2017 as the Gunners shelled out a then-club record £46.5million to lure him to England. And the Ligue 1 club would be delighted to have him back without having to stump up a transfer fee. DON'T MISS Ten Hag’s camp ‘have concerns about Man Utd job’ as saga takes twist Ten Hag 'angry over English lessons claim' after he missed Spurs job Man Utd have interviewed 'mystery boss' with Ten Hag and Pochettino     Arteta will be looking to strengthen his own strike force after the current campaign is done and dusted and has previously admitted that a decision over Lacazette’s future won’t be made until the summer. “We have discussed that at the end of the season when we know where we are, we are going to make a decision together,” Arteta told reporters during a press conference last month. “We agreed the decision is to do it in the summer and that's when we are going to do it.” And when Arteta was later asked if Lacazette was happy to wait until the summer to sort out his future, the Spaniard replied: “That's a question for him. But obviously we have to make decisions and we've made that decision to try and finalise that at the end of the season. That's what we're going to have to try and do.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 