UPDATE: Xur is back in Destiny 2 with the merchant's location discovered by Guardians. If you're after the sought after merchant you can find Xur in the EDZ at the Winding Cove on a cliff. And in case you're wondering here's what Xur is selling... - Crimson - Sunbracers - Ursa Furiosa - Aeon Swift ORIGINAL: Xur is returning to Destiny 2 with the sought-after merchant ready to tempt Guardians into parting with their Legendary Shards for some new Exotics. After being at the planet Nessus last time around Xur will be heading to a new location today that Destiny 2 players will have to hunt for. Xur will be dropping into Destiny 2 around 6pm UK and will be at this location until the weekly reset. Once Xur's location in Destiny 2 is discovered today Express.co.uk will update this article with exactly where Guardians can find the merchant. And in case you're wondering here's what Xur was sellig last time around... - Tractor Cannon - Oathkeeper - Helm of Saint-14 - Contraverse Hold  Xur is dropping into Destiny 2 ahead of the return of The Crucible Iron Banner event next week. This was discussed in the latest This Week At Bungie blog post. In it the Destiny makers said: "Looking to next week, Iron Banner returns. While we’re planning a larger TWAB to cover upcoming changes, our one piece of advice to you this week is to spend your Iron Banner tokens, complete your Iron Banner quest, and redeem your Iron Banner bounties. We have some updates to Saladin and how he’ll be dishing out rewards, which naturally leads to the retirement of Iron Banner tokens and bounties. You have two Iron Banner weeks left to spend these tokens for rewards, including next week, so make sure to plan some time in the Tower to turn them in before the end of the final Iron Banner of the Season. Oh, and a small update from the team: we're looking to prevent the abilities bounty for our final Iron Banners before next Season. We’ve heard (and felt) the feedback that it could be a bit time consuming, so we’re shifting to focus on objective and weapon bounties for the remainder of the Season. Happy hunting!"  event 