Lyon launched a cheeky attempt to convince West Ham star Issa Diop to move to the club in the summer prior to their Europa League clash last week. The defender could leave in the transfer window and a return to France is on the cards. West Ham star Diop met with Lyon over a potential transfer this summer prior to their Europa League encounter last week. The Frenchman could be on his way out in the transfer window. The Hammers knocked Lyon out of the competition after thrashing them 3-0 in their own stadium to make it 4-1 on aggregate. It has set up a semi-final clash with Eintracht Frankfurt, who beat Barcelona to get there. But the French side might have left a lasting impression on Diop - who started the second leg. According to L'Equipe, via GFFN, Lyon are upping their efforts to snap up the former Toulouse star. The 25-year-old will enter the final year of his contract next season and West Ham are looking to cash in to avoid losing him for nothing. It has been stated that they have priced the defender at £8million (€10m). That is a dramatic drop on their £60m valuation in 2019 when Manchester United became interested in the centre-back. They will also not see a return on the £22m they forked out for his services back in 2018. Lyon met with Diop before taking on West Ham in the Europa League and it was a meeting that apparently went well. They are prepared to offer the Frenchman a better wage and also a long-term deal, which is what he is after. Diop has made 12 Premier League appearances this season with Kurt Zouma and Craig Dawson the preferred combination from David Moyes. When playing a back-three, the Scotsman also uses Aaron Cresswell as his third option. In total, the former France Under-21 international has made 95 appearances in the Premier League and a return to his homeland now looks on the cards. Lyon have had a tough campaign under Peter Bosz as they sit 10th in Ligue 1, meaning there might not be any European football next year at the Groupama Stadium.