More than half (52 percent) of the areas most exposed to soaring energy costs and rampant inflation are in the traditional Labour seats won by the Conservatives in 2019. These include Burnley, Sandwell and Hyndburn, as well as Hartlepool, the site of last May's by-election success for the Government. Those set to be hit hardest by the cost-of-living crisis are urban areas of the North, the Midlands and London, according to the think tank, the Centre for Progressive Policy.  Coastal areas - including Hastings, Thanet and Dover - are also at risk of being pushed into poverty as rising costs hit those on low pay, the CPP's latest Cost of Living Vulnerability Index has found. Ben Franklin, a director at CPP, said: "Voters on low pay, experiencing food and fuel poverty or pushed out of work altogether, are on the margins of extreme vulnerability. "They are also in many of the most marginal seats. "Last month's Spring Statement saw poorly targeted tinkering at the edges of the tax system. Our analysis suggests the Chancellor may be forced to reconsider a Universal Credit uplift." The index measures the underlying vulnerability of different parts of the country to the spiralling cost of living.  Sixteen of the 31 local authority areas set to be worst hit by the crisis contain Red Wall seats, including Blackpool, Birmingham, Doncaster, Wolverhampton, Bradford and Rochdale. Other areas are Rotherham, Bolton, North East Lincolnshire, Kirklees, Redcar and Cleveland and Stoke-on-Trent. The CPP Index recommends that an increase in Universal Credit payments to cover the latest rise in the energy price cap would cost £2.4billion - £600million cheaper than the present council tax rebate policy, it says. Labour's Lisa Nandy said: "Many of the places being hit hardest are in the North and Midlands. This is the opposite of levelling up." A Government spokesperson said it had set out a £22billion package of support, including "putting an average of £1,000 more per year into the pockets of working families via changes to Universal Credit". 