If you're fed up with films being ruined by people munching through buckets of popcorn at the local cinema then Sony may have the answer. The Japanese tech giant has just announced the launch of its new VPL-XW7000ES and VPL-XW5000ES home projectors and they will turn any wall into an entertainment hotspot. These mega movie machines feature the very latest laser technology which helps them produce a bright and pin-sharp image on your walls. Both are fully 4K HDR compatible which means movies and content look pixel-packed with richer blacks and more vibrant colours. They are also powered by Sony's latest high-performance picture processor, “X1 Ultimate for projector,” which offers numerous tricks such as analysing content scene by scene to make sure users are getting the ultimate experience. Along with impressive image quality, Sony says it has made these devices more compact with a design that's now smaller and lighter than anything they have produced before. Those opting for the more expensive VPL-XW7000ES will also find auto focus settings and a Live Color Enhancer mode which is able to create more vivid and vibrant images in ambient light. “We have been delivering the highest quality projectors for our customers to enjoy immersive entertainment experiences for 50 years this year, and our Native 4K SXRD projectors have been market leading in providing these experiences for over a decade,” said Christopher Mullins, Home Cinema Product Manager for Sony Professional Displays & Solutions. “We are so excited to bring the world’s most compact and high brightness laser projectors to our customers, with a sophisticated new design that blends with many home environments and enables more flexibility for use in dedicated rooms as well as media or living rooms with ambient lighting." Express.co.uk has been lucky enough to see them in action and they are mightily impressive with an image that looks as good as any modern TV. Mind you, that might not be a surprise when you see the price. The cheaper VPL-XW5000ES costs £5,999 which sound pricey but it's nothing compared with the more premium VPL-XW7000ES. That top-end model will set you back a very hefty £14,999 - that's the same price as 1,500 trips to your local cinema!