Royal Family members are known by a breadth of different royal titles, but the titles of Prince and Princess are reserved for those closest to the throne. Upon marrying their royal husbands, Camilla Parker Bowles, Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle became known respectively as the Duchess of Cornwall, the Duchess of Cambridge and the Duchess of Sussex. But are these royal women actually princesses?  The Queen has largely stuck to the rules set out by her grandfather King George V for the allocation of royal titles throughout her reign. King George V stipulated in a 1917 Letters Patent that the children of the monarch, grandchildren through the male line, and the eldest son of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales can get Prince or Princess titles and HRH status. So royal women born into the Royal Family who fit these criteria often use the title of Princess with their first name.  READ MORE: Prince Harry grew ‘major tension’ with William Royal women who have been princesses since birth include the Queen's daughter Princess Anne and the Queen's grandchildren born to Prince Andrew, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. Under the 1917 Letters Patent, Princess Charlotte wasn't eligible for a Princess title as the Queen's great-granddaughter. But the Queen intervened to ensure all of Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's children would hold Prince or Princess titles, meaning Charlotte and her brother Prince Louis hold titles like their elder brother Prince George. In some cases, the Queen has also deviated from the Letters Patent. Her granddaughter Lady Louise Windsor was titled as the daughter of an Earl rather than a Prince, although she was technically entitled to be known as HRH Princess Louise of Wessex as Prince Edward's daughter.   Kate, Meghan and Camilla are princesses through marriage, but they are not styled as Princess Catherine, Princess Meghan or Princess Camilla because they were not born royal. The confusion about Princess titles in the Royal Family is in part due to the way Princess Diana was referred to by the press and public. As the wife of the Prince of Wales, Diana was titled HRH The Princess of Wales and then Diana, Princess of Wales following her divorce from Prince Charles in 1996. But 'Princess Diana' was never her official title, as Diana was not born into the Royal Family and therefore couldn't use her own name with a Princess title.  DON'T MISS:Camilla and Zara represent royals at Grand National - best pictures [PICTURES]Why Philip's Duke of Edinburgh title went to Charles not Edward [INSIGHT]Princess Anne husband: Why does Sir Timothy Laurence not have a title? [ANALYSIS] Some women who marry British princes are styled as Princess, but not with their first names. This is the case for Princess Michael of Kent, the wife of the Queen's cousin Prince Michael of Kent. But traditionally the Queen has granted royal men a dukedom on their wedding day, and this new title has then applied to new royal wives. If the Queen hadn't granted Prince William the Dukedom of Cambridge, then his wife Kate may have been styled as HRH Princess William after her wedding. Meghan Markle may also have been HRH Princess Henry rather than the Duchess of Sussex had the Queen not granted Harry a dukedom in 2018. 