Another 61 percent believe vaping in public is a 'social minefield'. But help is at hand - five years since their last guide, leading authority on etiquette and behaviour Debrett's, has teamed up with Vuse to update its advice. The tips were developed following research of 2,000 adult nicotine users, which found 67 percent consider vaping etiquette to be ‘important'. A spokesperson for Debrett's said: “The number of people who vape in the UK has increased significantly in recent years, but the rules around vaping are not always clear. “Five years on from our first guide to vaping etiquette, we’re delighted to team up with Vuse to share our top tips for being a courteous and considerate vaper.” According to the etiquette guide, if it’s not apparent whether the public area you’re in allows vaping, simply ask a member of staff. And if the answer is 'no', “take this news with good grace” because that way “people will appreciate your good manners and consideration.” The guide also advises against vaping in “small spaces like lifts or public loos” and “hospitals or other healthcare settings". And many of those polled agree - 38 percent don’t think you should do it in a hospital, while doing it in a lift is a no-no for 36 percent, and 24 percent feel the same way about vaping in public toilets. The tips also state “engulfing others - or their surroundings - in a vape cloud is not socially acceptable.” And 45 percent of those polled appear to concur - when vaping in public, they think users should have to reduce the wattage setting on their device to minimise the vapour clouds where possible. When it comes to food, there is no ambiguity: “vapers shouldn’t vape while consuming food or drink.” More than a third of respondents seem to be of a similar mind - arguing restaurants should be off limits for vapers. Similarly, 31 percent think it’s best to avoid vaping where food is being prepared. Workplace vaping is not recommended - “unless your employer has given permission”, while doing it during meetings, Zoom calls, and job interviews can suggest someone is “not focused”. On this note, 33 percent of those polled, via OnePoll, are of the opinion you shouldn’t vape in an office workplace setting. A spokesperson for Vuse, which commissioned the research, said: “We hope this newly updated guidance will spare vape users any awkward situations. "As the study shows there is lots of confusion over what’s good vaping social etiquette. “But clearly it’s important to respect those around you and be as accommodating as you can.” VAPING ETIQUETTE • If in doubt, just ask • Respect personal space • Know your audience • Defer to your hosts • Remember food and vaping don’t mix • Work-based vaping looks vapid • Respect others’ views