Future Food Stars is the celebrity chef’s brand new cooking show which combines the high-stakes business challenges of The Apprentice with the culinary chaos of Masterchef. With reports swirling about a love affair occurring on the set of the BBC series, Gordon Ramsay has spoken out on whether or not the rumours are true. TV presenter and chef Gordon revealed contenders Valentina Fois and Vincenzo Gentile struck up a relationship during the series. Unfortunately, the relationship has since been confirmed to have come to an end. At the show’s first screening in London, the celebrity restaurateur revealed the couple were sharing a home together after meeting during production. “Things have blossomed between [Valentina] and Vincenzo, by the way,” he said. READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show Insiders have told The Sun the couple actually split up before Future Food Stars aired its first episode last week. Host Angellica Bell pressed Gordon for more information, who then asked his producers about their relationship status. “You said they were living together?” he asked executive producer Sharon Powers, who confirmed this was the case. Gordon was adamant they were currently living together, though sources have officially told Express.co.uk the relationship has come to an end. Gordon added: “I’m happy for them! Vincenzo was a talented guy. He supplies a lot of the top restaurants.” Sadly, Vincenzo was the first contestant to be eliminated from the show after his monkfish tacos failed to impress the tough foodie. Viewers will now have to tune in to the next episode on Thursday evening to find out if his ex-partner managed to make it through to the next round. Sources have confirmed the pair first hit it off when they helped each other during the first episode’s daunting cliff-jump. DON'T MISS:Power Force’s Gloria star opens up on shocking death [INSIGHT]Moon Knight: Accent expert calls out ‘Americanism’ catchphrase [ANALYSIS]The Last Kingdom’s Alexander Dreymon risks derailing filming [VIDEO] “This wasn’t exactly what Gordon was expecting,” they told The Sun. “Valentina and Vincenzo struck up an instant bond, helping each other with the cliff task which was tough for them both. “From that moment on, they grew closer and became a fully-fledged item.” Sadly, Vincenzo’s exit from the show means fans won’t get to see their whirlwind romance play out on-screen. However, what they can expect is another series of gruelling challenges when Gordon challenges the teams to forage for ingredients in the forest. There are still 11 food and drink entrepreneurs still left in the competition for a chance to win a huge investment from the successful TV chef. The winner will be given a £150,000 prize to support their business, so the pressure is on to surpass Gordon’s notoriously high standards. Future Food Stars continues Thursdays at 9pm on BBC One.