Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher and Manchester United great Roy Keane agree that Jurgen Klopp has not won enough trophies yet as Reds boss. Klopp has won five pieces of silverware since becoming Liverpool manager in 2015. That includes the Champions League, UEFA Super Cup and FIFA Club World Cup in 2019. Liverpool ended their 30-year wait for a title in 2020 and won their first domestic cup under Klopp this year in the Carabao Cup. Liverpool have the potential to win an unprecedented quadruple this season. Carragher says Reds supporters are not even thinking about that possibility but he admits the quality of the team deserves more trophies than it has picked up in recent years. He said on Sky Sports: "I made a comment a few months ago that this Liverpool team hasn't actually won enough for how good a team they are. It wasn't a criticism, this is one of the best teams we've seen in the Premier League, but they haven't won enough. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag told to get rid of Man Utd 'troublemakers' who 'don't like each other'  "That wasn't in terms of them having to win a Premier League or Champions League but picking up domestic cups as well. When you look at what Man City and Chelsea have done over the last ten years, even when they don't win the league, they will still win the FA Cup or Carabao Cup. "That's obviously what Liverpool did this season. But if City could go and win the treble, Liverpool could go one further and win a quadruple. "That's never been done before and can never be beaten. In Liverpool, no one is talking about the quadruple. "It's more, get this week out of the way against Man City as we know how good they are. If Liverpool win today and get through to the FA Cup final, that's when the excitement will build about this being something special that no one has done before." DON'T MISSRaging Cristiano Ronaldo 'slaps phone out of Everton fan's hand' after Man Utd loss [PICS]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel given Real Madrid headache by two stars after Southampton win [OPINION]American billionaire Ken Griffin makes Chelsea transfer promise if takeover gets go-ahead [QUOTES]  Reacting to Carragher, Keane agreed that Liverpool do need to win more. He thinks the next 12 months is crucial for the current crop Reds squad to collect as many winners' medals as they can. Keane said: "I think in the last few years we've always said Liverpool's squad is not as strong as Man City's, that's maybe why they've made sacrifices with not competing for domestic cups. Obviously the priority for Klopp when he came was to win the league. "But now you look over the last 12-18 months, getting lads back from injury and recruitment, Liverpool's squad is much stronger now. So they won't be given the benefit of doubt. "It's about getting medals, and Liverpool over the next 12 months have to get over the line in these big games and get some more trophies or medals in their hands. Otherwise you'd be looking at them going 'they didn't do enough, they didn't achieve enough'."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here