The port city has been a key target for Putin since his invasion of Ukraine commenced in late February, and has been the site of some of his army’s worst atrocities. Russian troops appear to now be faking the surrender of 267 Ukrainian marines in Mariupol in a video which depicts a line of soldiers walking with their hands up, and has been shared across Russian social media service VK. However, a US Navy Seal has spotted several key details that suggest the video is not all what it seems. The Navy Seal @ChuckPfarrer said on Twitter: “Russian sources claim that 267 Ukrainian Marines have surrendered in Mariupol, and they have the video. “But the uniforms are too clean. Nobody is wounded. No one needs a shave and the t-shirts are all wrong.” In an accompanying picture, Mr Pfarrer broke down the video further. He highlighted that Ukrainian marines wear a green beret, as well as black and white striped undershirt - two items he states are “esteemed emblems of the naval infantry.” He added: “Likely every one of these Marines would own one (or both) of these uniform items and proudly wear it into combat.” However, not one of the so-called Marines in the video have these items. The Navy Seal went on to add: “With the exception of two prisoners in the first row, wearing small pieces of tape, not one other of the ‘prisoners’ was wearing the blue and yellow recognition tape normally worn by Ukrainian combatants. “It is HIGHLY unlikely that a freshly caught prisoner would be stripped of the exact markings that would distinguish him as an enemy.” Another tell-tale detail that could easily be missed by a cursory glance are the ammunition pouches on the soldier’s clothing. The pouches are clearly full, indicating that the “prisoners” have not been searched or cleared of any military equipment. Mr Pfarrer said: “It is impossible that a prisoner of war would be allowed to carry an unopened pouch that might contain ammunition, a pistol or hand grenades. “Any combat veteran who has ever taken an enemy prisoner knows that they must be searched thoroughly. Pocket by pocket, pouch by pouch. Weapons, knives and ammunition must be taken away.” READ MORE: Ukrainian troops recover 'treasure trove' after ambushing Russians [REVEAL] Furthermore, despite apparently being captured after 2 weeks of intense urban fighting, none of the soldiers display any signs of being wounded, unshaved or dirty. Their uniforms are also in perfect condition. Only two of the soldiers appear to be limping. As a port city in the east of Ukraine, Mariupol represents a key strategic target for Putin. Its capture would enable him to restock his forces from overseas, something that is crucial as the Russian military appears to be running low on resources, due to much of their military equipment being manufactured in Ukraine. Taking the city would also link the annexed Crimea with the Russian separatist-controlled Donbas region, solidifying Putin’s power in the east. The Russian tyrant has been accused of war crimes as several schools and hospitals in Mariupol were caught up in airstrikes and artillery bombardments, killing scores of civilians. DON'T MISS: Russian economy facing COLLAPSE with mega-recession this year [REVEAL]Brexit: 'Assault on Union' Truss sent ultimatum [INSIGHT] Nicola Sturgeon to face fresh challenge following ferry fiasco [ANALYSIS] Last week Russia pulled around 20 percent of its forces out of the areas surrounding Kyiv, which many analysts believe was the primary focus of the initial wave of invasion. Russian officials stated that this was to refocus their efforts on the east - which includes Mariupol. They also claimed that they were deescalating their attention on the Ukrainian capital in order to promote peace talks between the warring countries. However, this claim was quickly brought into question by another reported Russian atrocity - their troops appeared to be cruelly booby-trapping the bodies of civilians and their homes with mines as they retreated.