“This could bring temperatures back up to something like we saw at the end of March. “It will also turn more settled, again as we see high pressure taking more of a dominant effect over the weather.” It will end a bitter spell which threatens to cling on in parts through the end of the weekend. Scotland and northern Britain will be slower to catch up with harsh frosts and wintry downpours remaining a risk during the start of next week. Northern and western regions also face rain through the start of the week as low pressure moves in from the Atlantic. But for many, temperatures will rise from Monday as the sun breaks through for the run up to the bank holiday. Met Office meteorologist Aidan McGivern said: “Warmer weather is on the way for the start of next week. “With a southerly air flow, it is certainly going to feel warmer, if we get some brightness in the southeast, temperatures could top out at 20C, mid-teens elsewhere. “For the next 10 days, the general trend is for it to turn warmer with higher pressure increasingly through next week and into the following next week.” An Arctic airmass currently sitting over the UK will bring another 24 hours of cold weather, he added. He said: “There will be a widespread frost on Sunday morning with temperatures in towns and cities at zero or below in the countryside. “Low pressure is slowly progressing from the west bringing some rain in on Sunday, most likely north-west of the UK, western Scotland western England and north Wales.” Britons could be in for a barbecue Easter weekend with highs of 21C possible next weekend, according to some forecasters. High pressure will build keeping chilly northerly winds out and allowing warm gusts in from the south. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “It is going to warm up from where we are at the moment. “Next week we could see temperatures in the high teens, and I would not be surprised if by Easter weekend we saw 21C. “It is fair to say that the week to come is not going to be a bad one.” Balmy forecasts have prompted books to slash the odds on an Easter scorcher with Ladbrokes offering 5-2 on an Easter sizzler. Spokesman Alex Apati said: "At last it looks as though Brits will have something to smile about on the weather front, with a record-breaking Easter scorcher potentially on the cards." However, allergy sufferers should watch out for rising tree pollen levels as experts sound the hay-fever alarm. Airbourne allergens expert Max Wiseberg said: “High pollen counts are forecast across the south and east of England on Monday. “Tree pollen could be released earlier than usual and in a shorter space of time leading to a more severe tree-pollen season. “People with allergies should prepare a hay-fever kit to suit their needs which may contain antihistamines and a nasal balm.” Met Office meteorologist Dan Stroud said: “The mild theme is going to persist for a good part of next week. “The wind direction goes into reverse after the weekend bringing milder temperatures. “This is down to tropical maritime air from the southwest which could also bring some cloud and rain. “But, through the start of the week it is going to feel very pleasant, and we expect mild conditions to hold out for a good chunk of the week.”