Arsenal would not be a good fit for Dominic Calvert-Lewin, according to former Aston Villa captain Gabriel Agbonlahor. Arsenal are in the market for a striker but Agbonlahor thinks they should look elsewhere. Calvert-Lewin is one of a number of forwards to be linked with the Gunners. Dusan Vlahovic was a top target before he opted to join Juventus in January. With Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah out of contract in the summer, Arsenal are set to sign at least one forward in the close season. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang left the club in January to join Barcelona but was not replaced. That would leave just Folarin Balogun as the only senior striker option for Arteta. But Agbonlahor says Everton star Calvert-Lewin is not the right profile of striker for the north London club and would not suit their style of play. READ MORE: Liverpool have Carvalho deal 'done' with £7.7m fee agreed for summer signing  He said on talkSPORT: "Someone asked me last week on the show, should Arsenal go in for him [Calvert-Lewin] – no! He can’t create his own goals, he doesn’t make his own goals. "He has to lay it off, then get in the box and then the cross to come in perfect for him to get a goal. He’s not going to get the ball into his feet, turn and then score. "That’s not him. So, for me, he wouldn’t suit Arsenal." DON'T MISSBenzema proves Rio Ferdinand wrong as Real Madrid star bags Chelsea hat-trick [QUOTES]Chelsea's Mount has defiant message for Real Madrid - 'If anyone can do it, it's us' [INTERVIEW]Thierry Henry's puzzled reaction when Micah Richards compared Benzema to Harry Kane [TV]  Calvert-Lewin has made just 12 Premier League appearances in an injury-hit campaign for the England international. Agbonlahor reckons West Ham would be a better fit for the 25-year-old. He added: “Maybe the likes of West Ham, because they like to get crosses in the box. But he is going through a bad spell. "He’s lost his place in the England squad to Tammy Abraham, who can’t stop scoring at Roma, so Calvert-Lewin needs to do a lot more. If I’m [Salomon] Rondon, I’m saying ‘give me a chance’, because Calvert-Lewin isn’t doing it!”  Arsenal fan and former Tottenham striker Darren Bent agrees West Ham would be a good destination for Calvert-Lewin. But he thinks Everton will have to lower their asking price for him. Bent said: “I think Calvert-Lewin to West Ham is a great shout – they need another centre-forward and they cross the ball. If Everton want £60million, no one is buying him for that. “More like £35m or maybe £40m, but £60m? Wow.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here