The Queen’s grandsons and their wives, once dubbed the "Fab Four", have not been seen together since Harry and Meghan left the Royal Family in 2020. In his controversial interview with Oprah Winfrey, the Duke of Sussex claimed his William was “trapped” in the firm and this week dodged a question about whether he missed his brother. Comparing the two couples in a public setting, body language expert Darren Stanton said both “demonstrate similar behaviour to Diana”. Speaking to Express.co.uk he said the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are “at home attending royal engagements” whether it is together or alone while Harry appears like “a fish out of water” while Meghan “reassures him and boosts his confidence”. He added: “We have seen some nice moments of public affection between Harry and Meghan during their recent trip to the Netherlands, which definitely depict how very much in love they are. “However, some of the gestures demonstrated by Harry sometimes show a tired, stressed version of him that we are not used to seeing. “It’s clear he is trying to be all things to all people, but I believe from seeing Harry in different situations that the move to California has had a significant impact on his emotions. “It’s clear that Harry is incredibly passionate about making their move to the States work, and his love for Meghan is undeniable, but because of the pressures he feels, there were moments when his body language wasn’t in rapport with Meghan’s - for example, a lack of matching and mirroring her body position and gestures, an unconscious habit we do when we are truly connected to someone.”  On the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge Mr Stanton said they are “clearly in sync and operate naturally from the same page”. The couple has stepped up royal duties in recent months as the Queen faced health fears and was forced to cancel numerous engagements. Their Caribbean tour to mark the monarch's Platinum Jubilee was met with a lot of controversies and was overshadowed by anti-colonial protests from locals and calls for slavery reparations from the monarchy. But Mr Stanton, who has been dubbed the "Human Lie Detector" said “even when things get a little turbulent”, the royals “take things in their stride”. He added: “Kate and William are extremely grounded as a couple, with William more than happy to take a backseat and let Kate take centre stage when need be.”  READ MORE: Royal 'precedent' which could see Andrew snubbed from Jubilee balcony Since the Duke and Duchess of Sussex left the Royal Family the "awesome foursome" have not been seen together. The four were last pictures together at the annual Commonwealth Service in London just weeks before Harry and Meghan departed for the US.They left the firm to relocate to California with their two children Archie, two and Lilibet, who turns one in June. Just recently they returned for their first joint UK visit to see the Queen before heading to the Invictus Games in The Hague. The surprise visit comes ahead of the monarch’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, which Harry said he wanted to return for but was struggling with security.  DON'T MISS: Queen all smiles in blue as beaming monarch pictured back at home in Windsor | Royal | News | Express.co.ukHarry and Meghan 'tried to enforce' tour rules under threat of being 'thrown out' of visit | Royal | News | Express.co.uk He said: “I don’t know yet. There’s a lot of things with security issues and everything else.” The Queen, who turned 96 last week, is yet to meet her eleventh great-grandchild, "Lili", who is named after the monarch, who was called "Lilibet" by her family. Reports suggest the couple have been offered an invitation to attend the Platinum Jubilee Sevice, marking the Queen's 70 years on the throne, but they are yet to confirm their attendance. 