Visceral body fat, also known as belly fat, is fat stored deep inside the belly, wrapped around the organs, including the liver and intestines. It makes up about one tenth of all the fat stored in the body. A diet which is high in trans fat directly impacts a person’s visceral fat. Therefore, by eliminating this food type you can help burn visceral fat. Although meat and dairy products may contain a tiny amount of naturally occurring trans fats, artificially added trans fats are of most concern due to their presence and high content in some foods. These trans fats are most commonly introduced into foods through partially hydrogenated oils (sometimes referred to as PHOs) during the manufacturing process. Adding trans fats can aid in extending the shelf-life of certain foods however are known to cause havoc on belly fat. READ MORE: Allergies or Covid? Differences in key symptoms Food manufacturers have historically used partially hydrogenated oil in their microwavable popcorn because of its high melting point, which keeps the oil solid until the popcorn bag is microwaved. As a result of the recent ban on trans fats, manufacturers have switched to trans fat-free oil. Still, if you have some microwave popcorn sitting in your pantry that you purchased before the ban went into effect, it may contain trans-fat. Be sure to choose varieties of microwave popcorn that are low in sodium and free of partially hydrogenated oils, additives. DON'T MISSNew Omicron variant symptoms: XE variant mistaken for common cold [EXPLAINER]Woman diagnosed with tumour warns others migraines key symptom [INTERVIEW]Pfizer fourth booster vaccine: Early trial reveals three side effects [REPORT]  Some vegetable oils may contain trans fats, especially if the oils are hydrogenated. Because hydrogenation solidifies oil, these partially hydrogenated oils were long used to make margarine. Therefore, many types of margarine on the market in past years were high in trans fats. To reduce trans fat consumption from margarine and vegetable oils, avoid products that contain partially hydrogenated oils or choose healthier oils such extra-virgin olive oil or coconut oil. Baked goods such as muffins, cakes, pastries, and pies are often made with vegetable shortening or margarine. Vegetable shortening helps produce a flakier, softer pastry. It’s also cheaper and has a longer shelf life than butter or lard. Until recently, both vegetable shortening and margarine were made from partially hydrogenated oils. For this reason, baked goods have traditionally been a common source of trans fat. Checking food labels is vital when it comes to lowering the amount of trans fat consumed thereby burning visceral fat. By reading labels and checking ingredients lists for partially hydrogenated oil you can help speed up the belly fat burning process. The best way to avoid trans fats is to limit your consumption of processed foods and fried fast foods and to try to eat a balanced diet rich in fruit, vegetables, whole grains, healthy fats, and lean protein.