Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel could face the sack this summer if he ends the season without a trophy, according to former Crystal Palace owner Simon Jordan. Tuchel saw his side lose 3-1 to Real Madrid in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday. Chelsea must now overturn a two-goal deficit to keep their hopes of defending their European crown alive. The Blues are in the semi-final of the FA Cup, where they face Palace later this month. Jordan says that match has become even more important for Tuchel's future. Chelsea have won the European Super Cup and Club World Cup this season. But Jordan believes that may well not be enough for Tuchel to keep his job. The outspoken pundit says the German's future is not safe despite the impending takeover of the west London club. READ MORE: Liverpool have Fabio Carvalho deal 'done' with £7.7m fee agreed for first signing  He said on talkSPORT: "If they get to the FA Cup final, win the FA Cup final, it might save Tuchel's bacon, because we're in a dangerous territory for Tuchel. Real Madrid's gain might be Crystal Palace's loss because if they go out to Real Madrid in the Champions League, they've got nothing to win this season besides the FA Cup. "That's their only get out of jail card. Tuchel can't have a season, irrespective of their being an owner absentee right now, the people who are firing managers are people who work for Roman Abramovich that tell Roman Abramovich 'this guy's done'. "So if Bruce Buck is still there, the same logic will apply. Tuchel at the end of the season will potentially face the same challenges that other Chelsea managers have had, which is if you win nothing, you get nothing besides a drop-kick out of the door. DON'T MISSThierry Henry's puzzled reaction when Micah Richards compared Karim Benzema to Harry Kane [TV]Karim Benzema proves Rio Ferdinand wrong as Real Madrid star bags superb Chelsea hat-trick [QUOTES]Everton staring Premier League relegation in the face because of Frank Lampard complacency [OPINION]  "That could mean that Chelsea really do need to win this FA Cup to come out of this season with something that vaguely resembles a decent season. The quarter-final of the Champions League is not great for them considering they're defending champions. "They've fallen apart in the league. So my view is that this demise in the Champions League could be Palace's problem. "And given the fact they don't have Conor Gallagher in that game, it becomes even more difficult for them." Chelsea face a trip to Southampton in the Premier League on Saturday before the return match against Real next week.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here