British tourists have been advised to expect heavy traffic at Channel crossings this Easter holidays. Britons have faced chaos at airports and ports in recent days. The Government updated its travel advice for France on April 8 to warn tourists of heavy queues. It said: “The coming weeks, including the Easter period, are likely to see an increase in traffic at Channel ports which could lead to delays in travel between the UK and France at certain times. “You should check for the latest information with your travel operator, ensure you allow enough time for your journey and make sure you have a confirmed booking before you travel.” Motorists have faced delays of more than five hours at Dover this week caused by disruption to ferry services. READ MORE: P&O Ferries cancels all trips this weekend The P&O Ferries chaos has placed a lot of additional pressure on the ports as many crossings have been cancelled. The Government said: “P&O Ferries is experiencing disruption to their services. You should check P&O Ferries updates for further details.” The disruption caused by the crisis has been exacerbated by a shortage of other ferries and bad weather. British tourists are advised to contact P&O Ferries if their crossing has been cancelled. The chaos comes as France relaxed its restrictions to allow unvaccinated British travellers to visit. Unvaccinated Britons must pay for a PCR test 72 hours before travel or an antigen test 48 hours before travel. British tourists are advised to leave more time for their journey if they are attempting to cross at a Channel port. Many Britons are eager to travel to France for a long awaited ski holiday after the pandemic. Meanwhile Britons continue to face chaos at UK airports as easyJet and British Airways have both cancelled more flights. The Civil Aviation Authority has issued a warning to airlines about the chaos although critics said it had come too late. Rory Boland, editor of Which? Travel said: “Unfortunately, this intervention comes too late and may make little difference for the tens of thousands of would-be passengers whose flights are being cancelled at short notice. “Some airlines have left themselves woefully understaffed to cope with the rebound in travel and it is unfair that individuals and families are made to pay the price with lost holidays and money wasted on travel and other expenses at airports. “Travellers are enduring yet another holiday season in which their legal rights are being ignored by their airlines. “We know that some carriers are failing to tell people about their rights around rerouting and compensation, and this reinforces why the regulator must be given stronger powers so it can take effective action when rules have been broken.” Britons are advised to check for updates with their airline and to arrive at the airport in plenty of time. Tourists can also pack lightly and make sure their liquids are separated to try to get through security as quickly as possible.