A ball girl appeared to faint during Taylor Fritz's match against Sebastian Korda at the Monte Carlo Masters on Thursday. The incident occurred during the closing stages of the contest under the blistering sun in Monaco as the girl in question collapsed to the floor before eventually rising to her feet and walking to leave the court. She was quickly swarmed by a number of people and stayed down for almost three minutes but was eventually able to walk off with the help of two medics before the match resumed at the Monte Carlo Country Club. Korda was sat directly in front of the ball girl when she fell to the ground and was spotted with a concerned look on his face as she was treated during the brief stoppage that followed. Her collapse marked the latest incident in a string of ball kid scares during high-profile matches over the last few years. A ball girl appeared to faint in a similar way at the Australian Open back in January before she was helped by Pedro Martinez and Federico Delbonis during their first-round encounter in Melbourne, while another occurrence took place at last year's edition of the same tournament during a match between Lloyd Harris and Mikael Torpegaard. The girl who fainted in Monte Carlo was applauded by those in attendance as she was helped to her feet before leaving the court shortly before the penultimate game of the second set between Fritz and Korda. The former went on to secure a straight-sets victory to book his place in the quarter-finals of this year's tournament at the expense of Korda, who has also been serving as Fritz's doubles partner. JUST IN: Harriet Dart backed for breakthrough year after 'huge milestone' Fritz will now face Alejandro Davidovich Fokina, who sensationally defeated Novak Djokovic in a major upset earlier this week, in the next round for a place in this year's semi-finals. He won last month's Indian Wells tournament on home soil in California and will be looking to prepare for the upcoming French Open in the best possible manner by going as far as he can over the course of this week in Monte Carlo. Meanwhile, Alexander Zverev is widely seen as the favourite to claim the honours ahead of Fritz, Andrey Rublev and Diego Schwartzman on the clay in Monaco. The German recently insisted that he feels more than ready to compete for this year's trophy in order to add another Masters win to his growing record of achievements in the near future. "This is the only Masters on clay I haven't won yet, but I'm very motivated to do so," he said. "I'm very motivated to play great tennis and I hope I can show that on court this week." The likes of Jannik Sinner and Gregor Dimitrov will also be in action in Monaco this week to step up their French Open preparations in advance of the second Grand Slam of the new season. Last year's Monte Carlo Masters tournament was won by Stefanos Tsitsipas, who only needed two sets to beat Rublev in the all-important final.