James Heappey was grilled by Sally Nugent on BBC Breakfast as the presenter probed the Armed Forces Under-Secretary on whether Vladimir Putin will be “held account” over reported atrocities in Ukraine. However, BBC viewers took to Twitter to slam Heappey for his lack of clarity on the future of the Russia president. Nugent began: “The Foreign Secretary said last night there were reports Russian forces may have used chemical agents in an attack on the people of Mariupol. “She said, ‘If that’s the case the Government will hold Putin and his regime to account.’ “Please can you tell us what you know and what might happen next?” Heappey answered: “So I’m afraid we know nothing more than you’ve been able to report which is that there were some reports circulating on Ukrainian social media yesterday evening that chemical weapons had been used in Mariupol. Read more: BBC viewers fume as Eustice 'escapes' interview 'without a grilling' “That’s nothing something intelligence in London has been able to confirm nor any of their intelligence counterparts with our allies around the world. “And, indeed President Zlensky’s address last night also referred to reports so there’s been no verification. “However, to be clear we are working urgently to find out whether or not chemical weapons have been used and if they have as the Foreign Secretary has said the people responsible will be held to account. “The use of chemical weapons is aberrant, it does cross a line and all options are on the table for how we would respond.” Nugent probed: “You said you were urgently trying to establish what happened, what is happening this morning to try and find out the truth about what’s going on in Mariupol at the moment?” “Well, invariably we rely heavily on the Ukrainians to give us some sense of what has happened,” Heappey replied. “Mariupol is a heavily besieged city and is not somewhere that anybody can go. “There are other intelligence assets that may be able to assist in that but those are capabilities we wouldn’t want to talk about on air.” DON'T MISSBBC Breakfast guest on Rishi Sunak debate 'Two chancellors' [INSIGHT]Charlie Stayt grills politician over Rishi Sunak backlash [INTERVIEW]BBC Breakfast viewers fume over 'ice man' segment: 'This is dangerous [VIDEO] BBC viewers weren’t impressed with Heappey’s responses regarding potential punishments for Putin and took to Twitter to comment. @namaste66ahimsa vented: “Delusional! You're never going to hold Putin to account, you know it and so does he! Big words with no legs whatsoever. #BBCBreakfast.” @RoyLlowarch suggested: “@BBCBreakfast Sadly we will never be able to prosecute Putin for his war crimes.” @kmacraeplockton tweeted: “UK and other western leaders keep saying Putin and the people responsible will be ‘held to account.’ “Keep hearing those words. They need to clarify what that means. Seem like completely empty words to me. #BBCBreakfast.” “@BBCBreakfast Putin must be quivering in his boots... we are going to ‘hold him to account’,” @phillggg shared. @Outside_Margina added: “Defence Minister: If #Putin has used #ChemicalWeapons ‘all options are on the table’. Like they were in Syria? Stop showing us up as all talk and no trousers! #bbcbreakfast #gmb #skybreakfast #c4news #skynews #bbcnews #lbc #itvnews.” BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily from 6am.