Jane McDonald has been helping holidaymakers to make vacation decisions for years. In her new four-part series with Channel 5, Holidaying with Jane McDonald: The Caribbean, the singing star visits four islands and experiences life as a local. On Sunday's instalment, she island-hopped to St Lucia to see its "healing" properties for herself. Singer Jane is no stranger to a travel show, and for the second episode of her solo Caribbean journey, she wanted to connect her "mind and body" and heal, something the island is known for. Last year the star lost her partner of 13 years Eddie Rothe and she candidly spoke about how happy couples holidaying can sometimes trigger her. She said: "A lot of you know that my life has changed now." "And I'm...," she paused Read More: 'Been through a lot together' Cillian Murphy says goodbye to Peaky Blinders after 10 years Composing herself, she continued: "I'm single, and I chose this place because I didn't want to be on a romantic island, on my own, looking at couples everywhere. "So this place is very open to singles coming here as well as couples." Understanding that, like her, other single people or people just wanting to explore alone may feel the same and may want to avoid group activities. She added: "It's got lots of activity if you want. "So it's really up to you if you have a quiet holiday or a full active holiday." In the episodes, she met other female travellers, and together they experienced a mud bath that was meant to help you connect "your head and your body" to feel freedom and to re-centre you. Connecting with the travellers, they shared stories of their childhood, and after their boat trip, Jane said: "Life is all about making memories with friends... and putting mud all over yourself." Continuing her journey of self-discovery, the singer met a happy couple who were renewing their wedding vows and was delighted to be asked to read at their wedding. DON’T MISS…All Creatures Great and Small's Mrs Hall star explains her reluctance for romance [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin heartbroken as Toyah Battersby adopts baby Alfie [SPOILERS]The Walking Dead’s Leah star promises fans zombie series will 'never really end’ [LATEST]  Ahead of the ceremony, the star reminisced about her wedding in the Caribbean and said: "I am a bit of a romantic and nosy because I got married in the Caribbean, the wedding was lovely, did not work out but aye." As the bride entered the beach, Jane started to stir and declared: "I need to hold it together." She added: "This is why I never go to weddings as I am always crying." The four-day trip passed by quickly for the Wakefield performer, and she concluded that she was getting ready to move onto the next island, "St Lucia makes you feel great. "There is just something about this island that hugs you and wets you and then hugs you again and then wets you again. 