Sean Murray has taken to Twitter with an extra special announcement regarding an upcoming episode in the 19th season of NCIS. His long-running character Timothy McGee will be joined by Sean’s own daughter, Cay Ryan Murray, in the CBS series’ first episode in May next Monday. The star has since posted a tribute to them following the official casting news. Sean has paid tribute to his daughter Cay, who will play a teenage suspect in the next episode of NCIS, The Brat Pack. The long-running main star took to his personal Twitter page to confirm the news with an official still from the upcoming episode. He wrote: “I am pleased to introduce my daughter, Cay Ryan Murray, into the on-screen world of NCIS! “Cay guest stars in our upcoming May 2 episode and I couldn't be more proud.” READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy The synopsis for The Brat Pack reads: “NCIS investigates a ring of clever teenage partygoers when a string of break-ins takes place at Marine Base Quantico. “While working the case, Special Agent McGee forms a bond with one of the teens.” The latest update from Sean seems to confirm Cay will be portraying the aforementioned teen who strikes up an unlikely friendship with Agent McGee. An additional announcement has also confirmed Cay’s character will be named Teagan. Their role in the series seems to be limited to just the one episode so far, but this could change depending on how their dynamic develops throughout the episode. Teagan could eventually become a regular presence in the NCIS offices if they decide to ditch their gang of criminal teens. Following Sean’s touching tribute, fans of the series took to the comments with their own heartfelt messages of encouragement for Cay’s NCIS debut. Heidi Ruhlig replied: “Awww! I couldn’t love this more!” DON'T MISS:Masterchef viewers stunned as John Torode swears at contestant [VIDEO]Better Call Saul fans devastated by 'gut-wrenching' Nacho death [REACTION]The Rookie spin-off dealt huge boost after backdoor pilot [LATEST] Marie Hardin said: “Talent from generation to generation! Love this.” And @gogetemgrizz wrote: “Cool! You certainly look like a proud papa in the picture.” Although Cay won’t be portraying a member of his family, their introduction to the series follows a trend of McGee-centric storylines in the current season of NCIS. Viewers also met his mother-in-law, Judy, in an episode last year, portrayed by Home Improvement star Patricia Richardson. Before the episode is released, a number of exciting new stills from next week’s NCIS instalment have teased Cay’s role in the story. Sean can’t help looking like a proud father in the NCIS elevator, and Teagan also seems to have stuck around the offices for some time in another still set in the evening. The unlikely pair are also seen strolling around a car park, hinting Teagan will be joining McGee out on the field - could he eventually take them under his wing as a trainee agent? NCIS season 19 continues Mondays on CBS and Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK.