A doctor who now runs one of the UK's top personal finance blogs told Express.co.uk how she saved herself more than £1,500 in a year by making a very simple change. Dr Nikki Ramskill, aka, The Female Money Coach is a trained money coach and award-winning personal finance blogger and shares her tips on her Instagram @femalemoneydoc. She told readers how changing your eating habits can save a lot of money. https://www.instagram.com/femalemoneydoc/ Dr Nikki, who has over 13 years of experience in the NHS as a women's health specialist, suggested using leftovers cleverly can save an enormous sum of money. She said: "I now work from home, but when I was going out, I could easily spend £5 to £10 three times a week on lunches and coffees." Over a year, £10 three times a week on lunches and coffee adds up to £1,560. Dr Nikki said: "Taking leftovers definitely helped to reduce that, and I embraced supermarket instant coffee that comes in all different flavours." READ MORE: Genius money saving rules to save on food shopping - 'use a slow cooker and save energy' The money expert does still treat herself sometimes, but it's now a rarity. She said: "Don't get me wrong, I definitely still bought coffees, but it became an exception rather than the norm." Nikki batch cooks and uses wholesalers to save cash, she explained. "Other things I would suggest are food batching so one huge meal can also cover lunches the next day (avoiding the need to buy lunch)," Dr Nikki told Express.co.uk. DON'T MISSHow to get fruit and veg for better than half price and save £555 a year [SAVING] Costs across the UK increasing - how can Britons 'lessen the burden'? [HELP] A £20 heated blanket from Amazon is 'cheaper to run than heating' [INSIGHT] She recommended "using wholesalers like Costco to bulk buy toilet rolls and cleaning products. " While many wholesalers require memberships, ask people you know if you could take advantage of theirs. Dr Nikki said: "If you don't have a membership, ask around your family and friends, I bet someone has a membership you can tag along on." The doctor also detailed how she saved over £1,000 a year by unsubscribing or switching subscriptions. She said: "Ditching subscriptions we don't use has by far been the biggest winner. "I switched us from Sky to BT (we weren't watching it anyway), cancelled my audible subscription (I had enough books), switched our home contents insurance to a cheaper provider, and cancelled some other subscriptions I didn't need anymore (like a clothing one I had subscribed to). "All in all, I saved around £1,000 a year just by making a few cuts. "It's amazing how much it all adds up when you're not paying attention."