The announcement was made by the Palace yesterday. Prince Edward and his wife Sophie, the Countess of Wessex, were set to head off on their travels on April 22 as a part of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations.  However, without any explanation as to why it was removed, Grenada has been removed from the list of countries. The royals were set to visit Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia, and St Vincent and the Grenadines from April 22 to 28. But they will no longer visit the country following a “consultation with the Government of Grenada and on the advice of the Governor General”. In a statement, the Palace added that the couple hope to visit at a later date, but did not confirm a new time.  The royals jet off today - and are set to meet communities, local entrepreneurs and craftspeople, and young people on the islands, as they mark the momentous milestone for the monarch. While visiting Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Prince Edward will meet athletes in training for the Commonwealth Games, to be held in Birmingham this summer. It comes after the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were criticised for some parts of their recent Caribbean tour. In March, part of Prince William and Catherine's Caribbean tour was axed after opposition from locals.  READ MORE: Harry slammed by palace insiders as Charles 'furious' The pair had been due to visit a cacao farm in the foothills of the Maya Mountains but it was removed from the couple's schedule following reports of a protest opposing the royal trip. Meanwhile, the Queen celebrated her 96th birthday on Thursday. Recently, Buckingham Palace announced that the monarch, 95, would not be attending the Maundy Thursday service at St George’s Chapel in Windsor. For the first time she was represented by the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall at what is considered an important fixture in the royal calendar.  DON'T MISS:'Arrogant' Macron showed true colours in debateDarren Grimes attacks new climate change GCSE 'by left wing activists'Massive explosion as plane crashes into food warehouse The Queen is understood to be in good health but has some mobility problems. Last month, she was escorted by her son the Duke of York into a memorial service for her late husband, the Duke of Edinburgh, in her first major official engagement in six months. She has been increasingly delegating public appearances to other senior royals. As well as the Maundy service, Charles stood in for the Queen at the Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey last month. 