A bizarre cockpit incident meant that passengers en route to Agadir, Morocco experienced a slight change of plans when they touched down in Faro, Portugal. An easyJet pilot was unable to complete the journey after dislocating his shoulder mid-flight. Holidaymakers were two hours into the three-and-a-half-hour flight on April 10 when they were told they would be diverting. An in-flight announcement told them that there had been an emergency onboard. But it wasn't a passenger who needed medical assistance - it was the pilot. READ MORE: Spain holidays change for UK tourists as requirements are updated  A spokesperson for easyJet said that the nature of the injury could not be disclosed due to medical confidentiality. However, a source at Faro airport said the easyJet captain had suffered a dislocated shoulder. The captain was unable to continue flying as he was in extreme pain. Flight data shows that the Airbus A320 went into a sudden descent at over 5,000ft per minute once the request to land had been made to air traffic controllers. The unforeseen incident forced the plane to divert to the nearest airport in Faro. When the plane diverted, it was about 60 miles from Faro Airport and took 18 minutes to land. Upon landing, the injured captain was met by paramedics and taken to hospital to be treated. The first officer was able to resume the journey to Morocco the following day. First, passengers spent a night in a Faro hotel. It has not been confirmed whether or not the injury was sustained in the cockpit. A spokesperson for easyJet said: 'easyJet can confirm that flight EZY2213 from Luton to Agadir on 10 April diverted to Faro due to the Captain requiring medical assistance. "The First Officer landed the aircraft in line with standard operating procedures and the Captain was met by paramedics on arrival. "Unfortunately, the diversion meant the crew reached their maximum legal operating hours and so the flight was delayed overnight and departed the following day." They concluded: "easyJet did everything possible to minimise the disruption for our passengers, providing hotel rooms and meals where required. "The safety and wellbeing of our passengers and crew is always easyJet's highest priority. Whilst this was outside of our control, we would like to apologise to customers for the inconvenience caused and thank them for their patience and understanding." Express.co.uk have contacted easyJet for comment.