Harry Abbey was travelling a country lane near Warrington, Cheshire, when he had to brake suddenly, causing him to lose control of his Yamaha bike. He collided with a combine harvester and tragically died from multiple injuries at the scene, Cheshire Live reports.  Mr Abbey's mum Beverley told Warrington Coroner's Court his loss had been the "most traumatic experience she had ever been through". In a heartfelt tribute she said: "Harry was our youngest child - the baby of the family." "I'm conscious not to idolise Harry in death but it's hard not to. I don't know the reasons for his choices that day and never will. I don't want it to define him. He was fearless and brave. He lived and existed, and for that I'm truly grateful. Thank you for being such a brilliant son." The collision happened as a tractor - towing a trailer - was escorting the large combine harvester around a bend near Warrington, Cheshire, at 11.54am on July 21 last year.   Following a police investigation there was "no evidence that persuades them that any prosecution is necessary", the hearing was told. In a statement, which was read out by Jean Harkin, the assistant coroner for Cheshire, Mr Abbey's mum said he was "resilient, strong and had a good sense of humour". Mr Abbey, whose mum Beverley and dad Andrew were in attendance at the inquest along with his three siblings, also then braked resulting in him losing control of his bike. The inquest heard that - in all likelihood - the driver of the combine harvester had "insufficient time to avoid the collision". The inquest heard evidence from tractor driver Gary Cox who was escorting his colleague Christopher Booker in the combine harvester. He said he was at "crawling" speed as he came around the bend. At this point a blue Ford Fiesta was travelling towards him. He says he used hand signals and an air horn to alert the vehicle to slow down.Mr Cox told the hearing that he got no reaction from the driver so came to a stop. He then saw a shadow and immediately turned around, at which point he saw the back of the motorbike. It was positioned like it was going to overtake the Fiesta, the inquest heard. Mr Cox's evidence then stated that the brake lights of the Fiesta "suddenly" came on. As a result, the motorbike also braked and the front wheel went from under the rider, his evidence stated. The bike then fell to the left with Mr Abbey falling the other way, Mr Cox explained.Mr Cox said he believes the collision would not have occurred had the Fiesta not braked "suddenly". Responding to a question from solicitor Robert Jones, who was representing the family, he added: "She broke sharply because she saw the size of it (combine harvester)."Mr Booker, who was driving the combine harvester at its maximum speed of 12mph, said the Fiesta braked "quite heavily" as it came level with his vehicle. He then states in his evidence that he heard a tyre screech before seeing the motorbike sliding along the floor. He steered to the left and braked, coming to a stop a short distance after the impact, the inquest heard. Mr Booker said at no point did his vehicle encroach into the opposite lane.The driver of the Fiesta, Jenny Anderson, was travelling with her seven-month-old baby who was asleep in the back of the vehicle. In her evidence, she said she checked her rear mirror, braked and moved to the left as she approached the tractor to give it more room. She saw the top half of Mr Abbey in her mirror, but not the bike, recalling that he was "so close to me". She then said as she drove around the bend she saw the combine harvester. Her evidence stated that "it was huge" and appeared to be over the centre of the road line. At this point she "broke again" but didn't see Mr Abbey in her rear mirror. She heard the screech of tyres and a crash sound, the inquest heard. She then saw Mr Abbey on the floor across the middle of the road.  Ms Anderson added that she did not see any hand signals from Mr Cox or hear his air horn, but recalled seeing flashing lights on the vehicle. She said seeing the combine harvester had taken her by surprise.Evidence read out on behalf of witnesses who saw Mr Abbey prior to the collision referred to him driving "erratically" and "in and out of cars" but there was no evidence to suggest he was travelling over the speed limit.A report by collision investigator PC Andrew Fellows, of Cheshire Constabulary, confirmed there were no faults with the Yamaha. At the scene he found two tyre marks on the road caused by the motorcycle's "abrupt" braking. Using the starting point of the tyre mark he calculated Mr Abbey's speed was in the region of 23-26mph.As there were no marks on the Fiesta, or evidence of a collision, he was unable to reconstruct its movements. PC Fellows said that it was considered likely that Mr Booker had "insufficient time to avoid the collision".The assistant coroner concluded that Mr Abbey's death was the result of a road traffic collision.