Charlene White, 41, offered her support to Brenda Edwards, 53, as she returned to Loose Women today. Her ITV return comes months after the panel member was absent from the show following the death of her son Jamal Edwards aged 31. The entrepreneur sadly died in February after a sudden illness. As Brenda made her comeback, she was joined by Coleen Nolan, Kéllé Bryan and Ruth Langsford on the panel. Her colleagues and viewers alike have rallied around the panellist and offered their support following her heartbreaking loss. Charlene took the opportunity to commend her pal and colleague, in view of her 63,000 followers. READ MORE: Louise Minchin hints at TV return months after BBC exit Sharing a candid video of Brenda walking through the corridor of the ITV studios, she could be heard singing Chandelier by Sia. Danny O'Donoghue from The Script could be seen in the background applauding the singer. In view of Brenda's 24,600 followers, she explained her corridor singing sessions were in memory of her late son. She penned: "First show back @loosewomen with @ruthlangsford @coleen_nolan @kellebryan with bespoke liquorice jewellery and my corridor sessions today I dedicate to my baby Jamal who would love this cheeky cameo from the divine @thescript_danny #SelfBelief #loosewomen."  Charlene took the opportunity to retweet the clip, as she penned: "So proud of you, it’s just wonderful to have you back darling xx." Social media users inundated the Loose Women panelist with sweet messages amid her show return. Twitter user, Karen Burn commented: "And looking amazing in that outfit: the colours are so gorgeous on you. Welcome back, your audience has missed you x." Lynden wrote: "You have a great spirit and yes I loved the jumpsuit and the jewellery." DON'T MISS... Zoe Henry's gripe with husband Jeff Hordley's Cain Dingle - 'Fuming!'[LATEST]Madonna, 63, looks younger than ever in racy leather outfit[PICTURES]Ruth Langsford's husband Eamonn issues plea to 'unsung hero' at ITV[TWITTER] David Taz added: "So glad you’re back on Loose Women, missed your smile and sense of humour, your definitely faring better than poor Colleen after your night out, (but love the banter between you all) welcome back beautiful lady!!" During her first show back, Brenda spoke about parenthood while discussing how to support working mothers with crèches and working from home structure. She said: "I am a mother, and I needed crèches when I was raising my kids." Brenda, who is also mother to her daughter Tanisha, 22, appeared in a preview ahead of her return on Monday. The panellist broke down as she revealed she was holding her son Jamal's hand when he died, while confirming it was from a cardiac arrest. Brenda also revealed details of his Chelsea FC-themed funeral for the very first time in a chat with her co-star Coleen during the ITV show on Monday. She went on to add that her daughter Tanisha was also with the businessman while he died at their home, adding that "it’s a vision she will never forget". Loose Women airs weekdays on ITV at 12.30pm.