  Former Strictly Come Dancing professional Janette Manrara, 38, revealed her future hopes for herself and husband Aljaz as she spoke about having children and living in the countryside. The Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two presenter made the remarks just days before Aljaz, 32, announced he would be leaving the show’s professional line-up.      Dancing husband and wife duo Janette and Aljaz are currently busy with their Remembering the Oscars tour, which sees them burn up the dance floor once more for fans across the country. During the Aberdeen leg of their tour last Thursday, Janette shared her dreams for the future with Aljaz. The star admitted the feelings she has for her husband grows deeper day by day as she imagined their lives together 10 years down the line. Janette said: “The more time we spend together, the more the love deepens. READ MORE: The Wanted's Tom Parker died with 'perfect' Oasis song playing      “I think about the future a lot. In 10 years’ time, children will be part of the picture. “And I hope we’ll have a beautiful home out in the country. Health and happiness – they’re the goal.” Aljaz and Janette married back in 2013, the same year they joined Strictly, and last season saw Janette leave the show to host spin-off It Takes Two alongside Rylan Clark. The couple’s tour Remembering the Oscars features a host of dance routines from famous films, paying homage to iconic scenes from the likes of Ghost and La La Land.     During the interview in Aberdeen, Janette confessed her favourite dances in their set are the romantic ones that bring her closer to Aljaz, which reminded her of how envious others could be of her husband. Speaking about how she felt when she found other people lust after her partner, Janette had a surprising take on the matter. When asked if she was ok with it all, she replied: “Absolutely. In fact, I find it quite complimentary. “I’m very proud of him. The way I see it, I pick up some of the kudos. READ MORE... Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'settles argument' over hospital scene [NEWS] Monty Don divides fans by unveiling big team behind his famous garden [NEWS]    “Other women might lust after him but I’m the one he comes home to!” she told The Press and Journal Evening Express. On Monday, Aljaz shocked Strictly fans by announcing that he would not be returning to the BBC show this year. Sharing a collage of photos from his eight years on the series with his 543,000 Instagram followers, he penned: "On a beautiful sunny day in May 2013 one phone call changed my life forever! “It went like this... we would like to offer you a position on @bbcstrictly as a professional dancer. A dream became a reality and it was the biggest opportunity for a 23 year old boy from Slovenia.      "It didn’t matter how many beautiful ballrooms I performed in during my competitive career, stepping onto the sacred Strictly floor was the most nervous I had ever been." He continued: "A little while ago I made the tough decision that Strictly 2021 would be my last. The show has given me an opportunity and freedom to create and express myself in front of millions of people every weekend for the last 9 years.” Aljaz went on to thank the Strictly team for their support, as well as his “beautiful partners” and “kind fans”. Addressing Janette in the post, he wrote: "Your talent and selflessness knows no bounds. We were dating when we started together on the show and now we are husband and wife. “We got to perform with Andrea Bocelli, Michael Buble, Ed Sheeran, Taylor Swift, BBC Symphony Orchestra.. moments I will keep in my heart forever. I LOVE YOU!” Tour dates and tickets for Aljaz & Janette - Remembering The Oscars are available here.  