The 23-year-old activist insisted Boris Johnson and his Government are "signing a death sentence" for subsidising £25 million into new oil plants. Essex has become the target of Just Stop Oil activists last week, with protesters causing major disruptions at oil terminals by digging out holes under the fuelling station and chaining themselves to oil tankers. Activist Hanna said: "I'm currently locked on in the pipework of the ceiling of the fuel-loading base at Navigator fuel terminal. "I'm with 20 other young people who are terrified of their futures. "I'm so scared, this is obscene. I'm 23 and the only way people will listen is by locking myself to the pipework of a fueling station." She continued: "Boris Johnson is signing the death sentence of our future, he's at the moment subsidising £25m a day of taxpayers' money into new oil sites while in the biggest cost of living crisis. "Every drop of new oil is signing the death sentence of children in the global south and the children that I want to have one day. JUST IN: Woman's 'horrific' ordeal after she's surrounded by boys on train: 'I felt helpless' "The message is they can take away my liberty, they can take away my freedom. They can choose to ignore the alarm we are sounding on the climate crisis but they cannot take away our courage. "They can't take away my courage to put my body on the line." More than 275 protesters, including members of the affiliated group Extinction Rebellion, were arrested in the first four days of action, police said. READ MORE: M62 serious lorry crash causes motorway traffic chaos with both directions closed Tactics have seen protesters glue themselves to roads and dig disruptive tunnels near oil terminals, and invade football pitches. A UN report released this week called for "substantial reductions" in the use of fossil fuels to curb climate change. The Government will set out a new energy strategy on Thursday, with expectations of support for offshore wind and new nuclear reactors. However, no cheap onshore wind, amid clashes over whether to speed up the shift away from oil and gas or boost domestic fossil fuel supplies. DON'T MISS:University ditches Jane Austen to 'decolonise curriculum' [REPORT]Macron has 'enabled the return of Marine Le Pen' [REVEAL]Putin 'should face war crimes trial' for Ukraine 'genocide' [EXCLUSIVE]