Rebel Wilson has lost an incredible amount of weight - 5.5stone or 35kg over the last few years. While the Australian actress attributed her slimmer physique to daily walks and a calorie deficit, she is also said to have followed the Mayr Method diet plan when staying at a retreat back in 2020. Here's what the retreat offers in terms of meals. According to reports, Rebel jump-started her health and fitness journey at Viva Mayr, a luxurious Austrian spa. In December 2020, the Hollywood star told her 10.6 million Instagram followers: “Thank you to Dr Schubert and all of the team @vivamayraltaussee in beautiful Austria. “I’m going to start 2021 in an amazing place, with a healthy body and mind...and boosted immune system! “Love the care you all put into your patients - I am so grateful! Now on to maintaining the weight loss and the healthy lifestyle!” READ MORE: Meghan Markle swapped daily runs for gym workouts to stay slim The concept available at Viva Mayr helps clients achieve a “new quality of life” through a variety of medical programmes, one of which is weight care. The “traditional diagnostics and therapy and modern complementary medicine” available has been developed by Austrian physician Dr Franz Xaver Mayr. While there, Rebel is said to have followed the Mayr Method diet plan which focuses on healthy high-alkaline foods like fish, vegetables, and fruit, and less time on foods that can cause inflammation such as gluten and sugar. Certain fundamentals apply to nearly every visitor. Guests are encouraged to chew every mouthful 40 times to help with the ­digestive process. DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton makes 'strategic' makeup choice for public engagements [BEAUTY]Gardening: Easiest vegetables to grow for beginner gardeners [GUIDE]Homes Under the Hammer buyer spends £10k to make £35k - here's how [VIDEO] As part of the detoxification process, there is no sugar, no caffeine, no booze and no raw food. Dr Schubert said: “It’s a calming therapy for your gut system so we’re aiming for easily digestible food. Explaining an alkaline diet, he said: "As a simple rule, we say people should eat two thirds vegetables and a third protein or carbohydrates." In terms of the breakfast that is on offer at the retreat, vegetable omelettes, or avocado cream with smoked salmon are available. An ideal lunch would be two vegetables with some fish or carbohydrates (not both), at around 3pm. For dinner, Dr Shubert said: “The most healthy version would be dinner cancelling.” In other words, having no dinner. Unless a guest is trying to gain weight or has specific medical problems, they are encouraged to do intermittent fasting for up to 17 hours starting from 5pm. While Dr Schubert was unable to disclose precise details of Rebel’s regime, he explained: "The goal is always to achieve the most powerful immune system possible. “Rebel has done amazingly well. Her willpower, discipline and focus on her health journey has been her success. "She was very disciplined after her stay. She’s done really well because she’s keeping up with her sport,” The Mirror reported. Since the retreat, Rebel ensures she exercises regularly, she is a fan of incline walking. The actress also has a personal trainer, and listens to uplifting motivational podcasts.