It’s been 11 years since George RR Martin last published a new novel in his A Song of Ice and Fire series and he’s still plugging away at The Winds of Winter. The Game of Thrones TV show has long since finished, with the narrative having overtaken the author’s published works so far. Nevertheless, the 73-year-old is still hard at work, giving his latest update on his progress.  Writing on his blog, Martin added: “Lots of things going on. Good things, bad things, big things, small things.” After mentioning a number of projects he’s working on, he said: “THE WINDS OF WINTER is going to be a big book. The way it is going, it could be bigger than A STORM OF [SWORDS] or A DANCE WITH DRAGONS, the longest books in the series to date. I do usually cut and trim once I finish, but I need to finish first.” To give you an idea, A Storm of Swords was 973 pages long and A Dance with Dragons is the biggest in the series yet at 1056. To think The Winds of Winter could be that long could well see the book split into two parts upon publication. Martin also mentioned he’s seen some of the upcoming Game of Thrones prequel TV series. He shared: “I saw rough cuts of a couple more episodes of HOUSE OF THE DRAGON, and was just as pleased as I was with the earlier episodes.   Ryan and Miguel and their cast and crew are doing great work.    Those of you who like complex, conflicted, grey characters (as I do) will like this series, I think.   There will be plenty of dragons and battles, to be sure, but the spine of the story is the human conflicts, the love and the hate, character drama rather than action/ adventure.” Martin concluded his latest post: “There’s more, there’s more, there’s always more.   But that will need to do for now. Current Mood: busy.” By the sounds of it, the author isn’t anywhere near ready to announce a publication date for the long-delayed book. When The Winds of Winter is finally completed, the 73-year-old intends on writing a fourth Dunk and Egg short story. After that, he will embark on his A Song of Ice and Fire finale, A Dream of Spring, before attending to other works. DON'T MISSGame of Thrones ending bombshell 'George RR Martin had HBO worries' [GAME OF THRONES ENDING]Winds of Winter theory: Jon Snow resurrected by Melisandre [THEORY]George RR Martin 'wishes' he had finished books before Game of Thrones [GEORGE RR MARTIN] Martin also hopes to pen a fifth Dunk and Egg short and Fire and Blood Volume 2, which he’s already written quite a lot of. Aside from A Song of Ice and Fire, the author has teased in the past he would like to write a couple of episodes of House of the Dragon. The new HBO Max series set 200 years before Game of Thrones is set to debut on August 22, 2022. SOURCE 