England boss Gareth Southgate will be licking his lips at seeing his side's World Cup draw, with games against the USA, Iran, and the possibility of facing either Wales or Scotland - depending on the result of their play-off against Ukraine. The Three Lions are one of the favourites to win the tournament for the first time in nearly 60 years, and Southgate will need to utilise the extraordinary talent at his disposal. Express Sport has taken a look at the five most important players Southgate will call upon in Qatar. Harry Kane will likely end the year with more England goals than anyone else who has pulled on the famous white shirt, and could well end his career having completely obliterated the record. Kane is in the form of his life at the moment, and it's hard to argue he isn't the best striker in world football. Kane has embraced the role as England captain, and is well and truly irreplaceable. The Tottenham forward will likely go into the World Cup having already surpassed Wayne Rooney's record of 53 goals, as he only needs four more and will have Nations League games still to play. It's difficult to ease expectations for Jude Bellingham, and it should be remembered he's still just 18 years old. However, the Borussia Dortmund midfielder is widely expected to be the future of England's team, and could well run the midfield for the next decade. Bellingham shone at the European Championships last summer when given a chance, and ran the show against the Ivory Coast last week in a friendly win. The midfielder will likely start in Qatar, provided he keeps impressing at club level. Trent Alexander-Arnold's England career has been heartache after heartache, having missed out on the European Championships through an injury picked up in one of the final warm-up games. He then missed the most recent round of friendlies through injury again, though his club form should be enough to prove to Southgate that he is the country's finest right-back. Southgate's use of wing-backs shouldn't be too much of an issue for Alexander-Arnold, who is most effective in the opposing team's half anyway. All he needs to do is keep fit and he'll surely be one of the first names on the team sheet this winter. West Ham's Declan Rice burst onto the international stage last summer after cementing his place as one of Southgate's most trusted players. The midfielder produced some brilliant performances on the road to the final. Rice has continued to be a constant fixture in the side, and his his threat on both sides of the pitch makes him a valuable player in Southgate's favoured system. It would take something drastic for him not to start in Qatar. Manchester City wonderkid Phil Foden has the unique quality of being able to fill a number of positions, giving Southgate a very welcome issue of where to play him. Foden can play as a false nine, a winger or in the middle of midfield. However, against Switzerland in the most recent round of internationals, he played in a more advanced role and was making runs past Kane to cause the defence problems. That was a role Dele Alli played to great success in 2018, and Foden could play a similar position this year.