Dan Walker left fans astonished after he announced would be leaving BBC Breakfast in favour of a new role on Channel 5 yesterday. However, despite the "privilege" of working with the BBC for six years, he has taken the plunge into the unknown for an opportunity that he claims rarely arises in the world of TV. Like Storm Eunice, Dan had left fans in a whirlwind when he announced in the midst of the storm earlier in the year that he was "considering leaving all current jobs" to pursue a career filming plane landings for Big Jet TV - but that had been a playful joke. Now that he is leaving for real, he expressed his desire to "explain" the reason behind the switch for the benefit of his loyal viewers. Speaking out on Twitter, where he has over 753,000 followers, he confided: "I have some news. In two weeks, I'm going to be leaving BBC Breakfast and moving to 5 News on Channel 5." He added: "I'm really excited but I thought I'd just explain the decision. "It's a massive one for me - someone who loves Breakfast, loves the team there, loves sitting next to Sally." READ NOW: Kelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home "But Channel 5 came along with big ambitions, big plans - and I don't think opportunities like this come around very often in TV and I can't wait. He added on a positive note: "I should also say hopefully it's not goodbye to the BBC. "I've had the privilege of working with some incredible people on iconic programmes over the years, shows like Football Focus, like Match Of The Day, quiz shows, World Cups, Olympic Games - shows I could only dream of being involved in when I was a kid. "Hopefully this won't close the door on that, but also can't wait to make some big programmes for Channel 5. The emotional TV star confessed: "It is going to be weird though - not sitting next to Sally on the sofa in the morning! "I'll also miss the extraordinary connection with the BBC Breakfast audience," he added appreciatively, after name-checking his colleagues, including weather girl Carol Kirkwood, with whom he has a well documented friendship. He then described his viewers as "loyal, caring and kind", claiming he'd seen these qualities firsthand in stories he'd covered. A broad grin spread across his face as nostalgic memories flashed through his mind, but he acknowledged the major step in his career: "Pastures new are calling!" DON'T MISS... Midsomer Murders' Fiona Dolman says she saw a new side to Neil Dudgeon [INSIGHT] Robbie Williams and Gary Barlow’s decade-long ‘feud’ recapped [DEBATE] Sandra Bullock stuns as Channing Tatum gazes at actress [LATEST] "What a challenge to try and step into the shoes of Sian Williams, who I know is so popular with not only the team there, but also the audience. "All I can say," he added, placing his hand on his heart, "is that I will try my best to maintain her incredibly high standards". "I would be lying if I said I wasn't looking forward to the occasional lie-in," he wittily quipped of the move, "but I will genuinely miss waking up with you [the viewers] every morning." He added in a written caption next to his video that it had been "a privilege" to enjoy six "happy" years on the BBC. Thanking viewers for their kindness, comments and commitment, he confided further: "Big decision for me to leave Breakfast but I’m really excited to join 5 News & Channel 5. For the meantime, however, he continued: "See you back on the sofa tomorrow!" Back in February, Dan admitted he had "genuinely no idea" how long he would maintain his BBC role, elaborating: "I can't say I'll be here for 10 years because who knows?" He joked at the time: "I definitely wouldn't stay as long as Bill Turnbull's been knocking about for!"