Council tax is calculated on the value of your home in 1991 - and every UK home is ranked into one of eight bands; A being the cheapest and H being the most expensive. These bands are not set by the street you live on, and some boundaries run directly through communities - which can result in huge variations in how much one house to the next has to pay per year. For example, in Goodwyn’s Vale, a road in Muswell Hill, North London, one side of the road falls under Haringey Council’s control, while the houses directly opposite come under Barnet’s jurisdiction. And while a Band D property will set you back £1,879.72 if you live in an even-number house in Haringey, it’ll cost your neighbours an incredible £500 less - with Band D properties in Barnet only having to pay £1350.70 in council tax bills. Elsewhere in London, the southwest has some astronomical disparities in how much residents pay per year for the council levy. For a band D property in the borough of Wandsworth, the average council tax rate in 2021/22 was £845. READ MORE: How much council tax should you be paying? Check your band today Shockingly residents in neighbouring Richmond-upon-Thames paid more than twice their neighbours, at an almost unbelievable average rate of £1,959. That means that a house on a band D property on Gipsy Lane in Barnes will be paying £1,114 more than a house in the same rank on Putney Park lane, just across the A205 road that divides them. The leader of Richmond Council, Gareth Roberts, claimed the difference is down to a flawed system where council tax bands do not match up with the wealth of residents. He said: “Council tax has been an incredibly unfair and regressive system ever since it started in the 1990s. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “A fundamental reform of the entire system is needed, but there has never been a desire by the Government to revisit it. “It’s simply immoral that a 100-room mansion in Belgravia pays less council tax than a semi-detached house in Hampton.” Wandsworth is the only council in the capital to have reduced its council tax in April - lowering bills by one percent. In Merton, which neighbours Wandsworth and is just a stone’s throw from Richmond, council tax for band D will set you back £1,709 per year.  DON'T MISSHow much council tax should you be paying? Check your band today [EXPLAINER]How to check if you'd be better off on Universal Credit [INSIGHT]Pension tax charges could greet more Britons due to frozen threshold [REPORT] Even the closeby and highly sought-after expensive boroughs of Kensington & Chelsea and Hammersmith & Fulham have cheaper rates than Richmond, coming in at £1,196 and £1,331 respectively for band D properties. Outside of London, the huge disparities can be still be found across England. In Dorset, one of the most expensive council tax areas in England, the disparity with Devon Council means homeowners just 0.5 miles apart - a 10-minute walk - face a difference of £200 a year. A property under band E in Woodroffe Meadow in Lyme Regis will cost you £2,741.10 in council tax. While two roads away in Barnes Meadow, an East Devon property, the same home in that band would set you back £2,578.80 per year - £162.3 cheaper. In 2021, according propertydata.co.uk, the most expensive council tax could be found in Nottingham. An average band D property in the council area comes with a whopping levy of £2,226 per year. The cheapest council tax in the UK can be found in previously mentioned Wandsworth and the central London council of Westminster.