Red Bull believe they need a ‘Weight Watchers’-style plan in order to get both Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez’s cars at the optimal weight. The team made its RB18 lighter to outclass Ferrari at Imola. Ferrari have appeared to be the fastest team this season, but Red Bull have hit back and certainly showcased the speed in their 2022 challenger last weekend. The Milton Keynes-based team found their car was considerably over the minimum weight limit, with some suggesting it was as much as 10kg too heavy. The extra weight has had a direct impact on lap time – with 10kg equating to around 0.3 seconds gained per lap – and has also negatively affected tyre degradation speeds. As a result, Red Bull have worked hard to make its RB18 car more lightweight and made a number of effective changes ahead of the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix last weekend. Verstappen secured pole position, the sprint win and led a Red Bull one-two as Sergio Perez came home second during the race on Sunday. Ultimately, it was the first weekend of the 2022 season where Red Bull’s tyre management was superior to Ferrari’s. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton warned over Chelsea takeover due to Arsenal loyalties Red Bull advisor Helmut Marko is pleased with the steps forward the team made at Imola, but he believes the journey to lose more weight isn’t over yet. The 78-year-old suggested the cars need to undergo a Weight Watchers programme to reach their desired state. “The updates we brought to the track this weekend have all worked well,” Marko told Motorsport.com. “The car has lost weight, but we still have work to do in this area. We are still above the minimum weight of the FIA. That means we have to work towards that number in several steps. But it's normal. At Weight Watchers, you don't lose all the weight in one time either.” Verstappen, who claimed his second win of the season when he triumphed in Italy, conceded he was unsure how much the weight loss played a part in Red Bull’s fine performance in Imola. However, the Dutchman admitted it was obvious the car had improved since the start of the year. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton 'doesn't want George Russell in front ever again'Verstappen's dad disagrees with star after lapping Hamilton at ImolaGeorge Russell opens up on ‘chest pains’ caused by Mercedes bouncing “We brought upgrades but I don't know, of course, how much that actually gave us because of just the hectic weekend with the rain and dry,” the 24-year-old explained. “It's very difficult to judge, but we definitely were on top of things a bit better than Australia. So, I'm just very pleased with how we executed the whole weekend. “We were just on top of everything and that's sometimes more important than actually bringing something new. I guess time will tell now in upcoming races how much the upgrades are benefiting us.” The 22-race F1 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to a record 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues with the Miami Grand Prix on May 8.