Jamie Carragher has revealed that he would love to see 'box office' Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone managing a Premier League club in the not-too-distant future in the wake of his side's fiery encounter with Manchester City on Wednesday evening. The Spanish champions managed to hold City to a goalless draw in their Champions League quarter-final second-leg clash but were ultimately knocked out on aggregate in spite of their best efforts at the Wanda Meropolitano. The match descended into chaos during the closing stages, with Atletico defender Stefan Savic kicking off a large-scale brawl that spilled over into stoppage time and continued in the tunnel in the immediate aftermath of proceedings. The aggression on display was to be expected from a Simeone-led team, with Carragher having since insisted that the 51-year-old would be a sight to behold in the Premier League if he ever decides to make the switch to England."If there is one manager in the world I would love to see in the Premier League, it is Diego Simeone," wrote Carragher in his column for The Telegraph. "Unfortunately for the Atletico Madrid coach, he may be long retired before the football world is united in their appreciation for how much excitement and colour he has brought to this generation."There is a strange trend in our sport for expressing disgust at teams and coaches who play 'on the edge' during their careers, only to look back more fondly on their most memorable incidents a few decades later." JUST IN: Man Utd announce Old Trafford redevelopment plan to start immediately Simeone's no-nonsense style of management is often controversial but has been wildly successful in helping Atletico to compete at the top of La Liga and in the Champions League on a regular basis for the best part of the last decade. Carragher went on to explain that Simeone's approach to the game is just as welcome as any other by claiming that many Premier League sides could benefit from taking a firmer stance for themselves."Simeone has fashioned a side in his image; warrior-like, edgy, determined to maximise discomfort," added Carragher. "No team can play against Atletico without feeling they are going to have to earn their victory. "There are plenty of Premier League clubs who could learn from that. As I wrote last weekend, the quality of our game has been improved by the number of coaches following Guardiola and Klopp."The drama of it will be enhanced for as long as there are those influenced by Simeone." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here