Despite Charles Leclerc stretching a considerable lead over his peers thus far in the new F1 campaign, it's too early to write off the likes of Red Bull and Mercedes. That's the view of former team chief Giancarlo Minardi, who has suggested small changes could be all that's required to restore some competition at the head of the grid. Ferrari currently look like good value to win their first F1 world championship since Kimi Raikkonen guided them to the crown in 2007. Leclerc leads the way on 71 points—34 ahead of Mercedes newcomer George Russell in second—while Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen have staggered out of the blocks and sit fifth and sixth, respectively. Two wins from three has put Leclerc in the ascendancy for a maiden world title. He and third-placed team-mate Carlos Sainz are the only drivers in the field to have podiumed in more than one race thus far, with Leclerc claiming wins in Bahrain and Australia. Even though the Dutchman's points tally (25) is almost a third of Leclerc's, Verstappen need not be dismissed in the bid to retain his crown, however. "Verstappen is not that far behind," Minardi, 74, told Milanese daily Corriere della Sera. READ MORE Helmut Marko takes swipe at Max Verstappen driving style - 'over the limit' A second retirement in three races has left the titleholder clambering for a foothold in the drivers' standings early on. However, victory in the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix—as well as Sergio Perez's runner-up finish in Melbourne on Sunday—has shown Red Bull remain relevant. Both they and Mercedes have been plagued by engineering issues early on this year, but Minardi went on to suggest those can be easily rectified. "Reliability problems can slow down the development of the car, but solving them can be quick," he continued. "In such a long championship, it's too early to write them off." DON'T MISS Ferrari's Emilia Romagna Grand Prix decision will be like music to Max Verstappen's ears Red Bull's reliability problems a big concern due to Max Verstappen's contract clause Nikita Mazepin has £100m assets seized including 25-room villa as Russia sanction continue  The Minardi team founder hailed Leclerc's display at the Australian Grand Prix as "untouchable," praising the Monegasque for his at-ease approach: "The way Leclerc won in Melbourne said a lot. With confidence and serenity." Greater tests are to come, however, particularly if Ferrari's main nemeses cure their current car complaints. That will be put to the test once more when the season gets back underway with the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix on April 24.