Brenda's 31-year-old son Jamal died after a cardiac arrest on February 20 while at his mother's house. Speaking for the first time since the tragedy, ITV's Loose Women aired a clip of Brenda opening up to co-star and close friend Coleen in which the 53-year-old explained how she held Jamal's hand as he died. Brenda hasn't been on the ITV chatshow since but is returning on Tuesday's episode. Speaking to Coleen, she revealed: "He passed with me holding his hand." In the candid conversation, Coleen asked her grieving friend how she was doing. "I'm doing okay," she replied. "The way that I'm looking at it I'm taking each day as it comes.  READ MORE: Casualty theory: Dylan Keogh's secret rumbled in affair twist "The one thing that I do want to say is I was with him, and his sister was with us. "We were all at home, and it was sudden and it was unexpected, and he went into a cardiac arrest, and then he passed with me holding his hand." The presenter continued: "You know, I get a little bit of comfort from knowing that I was with him." "You should get lots of comfort knowing that you were with him," Coleen replied. "Yeah," Brenda responded, "but as much as that is comfort, at the same time it's a vision I'm never going to forget. "I wake up every morning and all his photos are all still in the house and I look at them and I say 'good morning baby' and 'good night baby'. "And I think doing that is what is keeping me going. He always had this bright smile, he had this funny laugh. "I feel his presence constantly. I've always been somebody who has faith and who believes in that and that has been a massive comfort to me." DON'T MISS... Schofield slammed for shaming Starmer over Labour's lack of success [LATEST]Kevin McCloud in BBC blast 'resent being put in the same group' [VIDEO]Carol Kirkwood leaves BBC Breakfast hosts emotional with memory of mu [LATEST] Later, when talking about the support she's received, Brenda admitted: "It was funny because everybody's like 'what can I do'? "You know, I had Judi [Love] and Charlene [White] wanting to bring food around, and I'm like... "I had food coming from all angles. It has been great having the ladies there, and that's something which has been a big part of my life and the kids' lives. "So I need to return [to Loose Women] it's not even want to, I need to return." "We've all missed you," Coleen shared as Brenda replied: "I have missed everyone. "But I thank you for supporting and being there at the end of the phone for me." "Well, I just... I love you and I can't wait to have you back on the show," Coleen replied. Loose Women airs on weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.