The Homes Under the Hammer presenter was rushed to hospital when he struggled to breathe and underwent an emergency operation. Doctors told Martin Roberts if he had not gone to A&E when he did, he may not be alive today. Speaking on Vine on 5, Martin shared details of his health scare. He told host Jeremy Vine: “When someone tells you, if you hadn’t come in who knows, an hour two hours, 12 hours later, you could be dead. “When they push you from one ward to another, it stops you in your tracks.” Martin added: “I’m fine. I’m here. I had fluid around my heart.” Speaking about his symptoms, Martin said he “couldn’t breathe very well” and initially “did the sort of typical bloke thing, I brushed it off”. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ Martin said within 45 seconds of arriving at A&E he was rushed through for emergency surgery. “It was nothing to do with my breathing, it was all to do with this fluid around my heart,” he explained. “I thought I knew what a heart attack was, the symptoms, the chest pains. I didn’t have any of that. “But there’s other things which could be serious.” He urged fans who had similar symptoms: “Get yourself to A&E, even now.” Martin went on to reveal doctors took out “a litre and a half of fluid” but they “don’t know what caused it so they are investigating”. As he wrapped up his call, he told the host: “If I didn’t come to hospital I might be dead Jeremy.” Martin’s update from his hospital bed came after he told fans on Wednesday he’d been given just “hours to live”. DON'T MISS...Martin Roberts 'in pieces' as Lucy Alexander addresses health scare [UPDATE]Martin Roberts in hospital with 'hours to live' after chest pains [LATEST]Martin Roberts health: 'Hours to live' with fluid around the heart [INSIGHT] In a video posted to his Twitter account, he explained: “So. Bit of a shocker. Thankfully I’m here to tell the tale… “Well, I have to say this isn’t where I expected to be watching Homes Under the Hammer. "Little bit of good news, little bit of bad news. I ended up in hospital in Bath yesterday. “I had a few chest pains and just feeling generally lousy, so I was brought in here and turns out I had a massive amount of fluid all around my heart, which was actually stopping my heart working.” The presenter added: “Had they not got rid of it, which they did in an emergency operation last night, then it’s sort of quite serious, like, hours to live kind of c**p. “So here I am, still around, thank goodness, thank god and angels, all those things. “There’s lots of other complicated things that have happened as a result, but we will work through those, and I’ll keep you updated.” Vine on 5 airs weekdays on Channel 5 from 9.15am.