On Monday night, JB Gill made his return to Channel 5 as he joined Adam Henson, Helen Skelton and Jules Hudson for Springtime on the Farm. The JLS star began his journey around Britain to discover how farms are diversifying. His first stop was at Water Buffalo Farm in Scotland, where he met this year’s spring calves and sampled some of the mozzarella cheese they produce. During Tuesday night's instalment, viewers will watch as JB meets a farmer in the Black Mountains of Wales, who is harnessing the medicinal properties of the daffodil to help fight Alzheimer’s. Elsewhere, Adam will give his 15 piglets their first taste of spring grass as he moves a family of British Lop Pigs out into the rolling Cotswolds hills. Helen and Jules surround themselves with new arrivals as farming brothers Rob and Dave Nicholson are faced with the difficult labour of triplet lambs. However, speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the pop star opened up about what it has been like for him to start up a farm. READ MORE: Reacher’s Lee Child admits ‘mixed blessing’ of Amazon series As well as juggling his music career and TV presenting, JB successfully produces award-winning KellyBronze turkeys and free-range Tamworth pork at his farm in Kent. Despite it being a success now when JB and Chloe first started out, they faced a number of hurdles along the way. "A lot of farms and even on programmes like Springtime on a Farm talk about diversification, so even the best and the biggest farms face their own challenges and their own struggles," JB began. "And I didn’t have much knowledge [when I first started] and I was able to work with people like Adam Henson, and he came down to the farm and certainly we had lots of in-depth discussions and did lots of research before making a decision about what I would go into." He continued: "That’s why I farm turkeys, with the nature of what I do, I sometimes do still go on tour, I still work with the boys, I'm still involved in entertainment and television. So, as I say with every farm, no matter how big, how small, how good or bad, you're going to face challenges." "We all have to deal with the elements and the weather, none of us can control that. "So, it's just understanding that is part of it and just roll with the punches." JB and his co-stars like Adam have discussed the impact Brexit has had on farmers in the past. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star on why BBC bosses made costume 'too big' [INSIGHT]Vera star pays tribute to co-star Brenda Blethyn [NEWS]Coronation Street theory: Gary kills again after Rick discovery [SPOILERS] And while it has had a detrimental effect on many farms, the 35-year-old admitted his farm hasn't had any issues. "I suppose our farm is not on the scale I guess where it would affect it," the Eyes Wide Shut hitmaker explained. "We don't do exports and of course, everything that we do is homegrown and for British markets, so we’ve not really had any issues with that as we don't import a lot of food or animal food or anything like that." JB went on to speak about the coronavirus pandemic and the food shortages in supermarkets. "I suppose the biggest one that people can identify with, a couple of years ago, we had a drought throughout the summer," JB recalled. "In fact, it was COVID-19 season. "And things like that massively impact farming. If I remember rightly, we had a shortage of eggs and a shortage of flour. "Bread was very scarce on the shelf, and so, and things like that people don't obviously equate to the farming community. "So, for me going around the country this series [of Springtime on the Farm] is important as I'm going to meet lots of different people and characters who have changed their farm over the years or perhaps done something differently or even just simply gone from just keeping livestock." Springtime on the Farm returns on Tuesday night at 8pm on Channel 5.