Newcastle icon Alan Shearer slammed the Magpies players during their 1-0 victory over Wolves on Friday night, claiming Eddie Howe’s side lacked ‘energy’ and ‘drive’. Chris Wood’s second-half penalty earned the Tyneside outfit a first win in four matches, but it was an otherwise eventless affair lacking in quality.    Referee Peter Bankes awarded a spot-kick when January signing Wood went down under a challenge by Wolves goalkeeper Jose Sa. The New Zealand international struck home the resultant kick to score his first goal at St. James’ Park. But it was one of very few moments of quality in the game, prompting legendary former striker Shearer to criticise the performance of his boyhood club. Prior to Wood scoring, the 51-year-old raged: “Any danger of some energy or drive?” The ex-England captain’s tweet was accompanied by an angry emoji. The mood reflected that of inside the stadium, with the crowd groaning at every misplaced pass and mistake. JUST IN: Everton boss Frank Lampard responds to sack threats    Shearer’s mood improved after Wood’s goal, though. The Newcastle and Premier League all-time top scorer wrote: “Nice pen Chris Wood. At least a bit of quality going forward in getting the penalty.” He later added: "Not pretty at times but a deserved three points.” Wood’s strike - just his second since arriving from Burnley for £25million - secured Newcastle’s first win in four matches. Howe’s side are now 14th and 10 points above the relegation zone. DON'T MISS...Ajax 'ban English media' from Ten Hag press briefing amid Man Utd linkEverton tipped to beat 'all over the place' Man Utd by Paul MersonAston Villa boss Gerrard gives Tottenham star Kane transfer advice The 30-year-old felt it was important to excite the supporters in their first home game since March 5. Wood told Sky Sports: “We wanted to get them (the fans) up for it and we did. It’s nice and it’s always good to score as a striker. Ultimately we need wins to get us out of the relegation battle and it’s all about the three points.” Newcastle, who were part-purchased by the Saudi Arabian Public Investment Fund last October, have an ambitious plan to break into English football’s elite. Wood believes they can only start that journey by remaining in the Premier League this season. He added: “It’s getting closer and we want this club to go to the next level, and we can only do that in the premier league. We need to get to that 40-point mark, [but this is] a nice position to be in. “It’s absolutely huge, I’ve known it over the course of the year to be like this. It’s absolutely bouncing.”   