Tottenham transfer chief Fabio Paratici had to be restrained by Spurs stars while he vented to fourth official Graham Scott after the half-time whistle against Newcastle. Fabian Schar had given the Magpies the lead before Ben Davies' swift equaliser as the game began to heat up shortly before the incident, and Antonio Conte's men ran riot in the second half. Paratici's fury was preceded by a fiesty first half which saw four yellow cards dished out as Harry Kane and Rodrigo Bentancur were both booked for Spurs. With the Lilywhites' crucial top-four bid hanging by a thread, Schar heaped more pressure on Conte and Paratici when his curling free-kick beat Hugo Lloris. The Frenchman will be keen to avoid replays of the incident as Schar somehow managed to squeeze it into the corner Lloris was meant to have covered. Heung-min Son came to the rescue shortly afterwards, however, and whipped in a superb ball which was nodded in by Davies. JUST IN: Rangers vs Celtic Old Firm derby brought to halt as smashed glass aimed at Joe Hart  Despite drawing level, Paratici's temper boiled over at the break when he was spotted ranting and raving at fourth official Graham Scott. Spurs players were seen ushering the sporting director away from the scene before tensions escalated any further. The source of the Italian's fury was not crystal clear, although a touchline scuffle just before half time seemed to get the juices flowing for both sides. Newcastle's Joelinton appeared to shove Bentancur over before Spurs stars rushed in as back up. DON'T MISS...Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'did not have high expectations' before Brentford lossGary Lineker pays tribute to Christian Eriksen after Brentford star scores against ChelseaLiverpool hero Jamie Carragher picks out two stars after win over Watford  Conte will likely be pleased with the fighting spirit shown by his players and staff given the high stakes. A resounding 5-1 victory over the Magpies saw them draw level with fourth-place Arsenal, alebit having played two games more, and many have tipped Spurs to build on their existing momentum and close the gap definitively before the end of the campaign. Matt Doherty and Son set them on their way after the break as fans' romantic perceptions of 'Conte-ball' came to life. Firstly, Kane's whipped cross somehow crept all the way through to the Irishman who made an intelligent run at the back post to head home. Son then finished off Dejan Kulusevski's low cross to put the hosts in cruise control.  Yet another cross provided Tottenham's fourth as Doherty found Emerson Royal to poke in his first goal for the club, and substitute Steven Bergwign rounded off the scoring with a fifth. Another win was warmly welcomed by Conte who discussed the size of their Premier League task before the action got underway. "We have to try and do our best in every game," he stated, "The only possibility we have is to do our best and see if it will be enough to achieve fourth place."