Hours in the garden during the spring months can be ruined by weeks like dandelions and white clover, growing on the lawn as well as in patio cracks and on driveways. Household essentials like white vinegar and salt both contain properties that starve, dehydrate and destroy weeds. A spokesperson for GardeningExpress.co.uk said: “There’s nothing more disheartening than seeing hours of hard work in the garden ruined by pesky weeds that seem to sprout from nowhere. “There are loads of commercial products on the market that will do the job in killing the weeds quickly, but most of these contain potentially harmful chemicals. “Not only are these homemade concoctions a chemical-free alternative, but you’ll also save the expense of store bought products. “Products with high acidic values are usually effective, but you should avoid spraying them directly on soil as substances like vinegar can break down the soil structure and kill beneficial microorganisms.” According to the experts, white vinegar is great for using on weeds and “kills everything it touches”. READ MORE: Phil Spencer: Top tips on preparing to move home Despite this, the experts added: “It won’t work on deep rooted perennials though and may just burn the visible parts of the weed. “It’s highly effective on small weeds, but it can also alter your soil to prevent things from growing there in the future, so it’s best to use this on block paving and gravel driveways only. “Simply add it to a sprayer and squirt onto the leaves and stems of weeds.” Some homemade solutions also shouldn’t be used on lawns as they can prevent future growth. DON'T MISS:How to properly wash your bed sheets to ‘eradicate dust mites’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans use white vinegar to clean television screens [EXPLAINER]‘Perfect time’ to ‘refresh houseplants’ - they might need repotting [EXPERT] This includes salt, which has been used as a herbicide and pesticide for hundreds of years. According to the experts, it is “very effective”. They added: “Dilute three parts water with one part salt, mix and leave to stand for 10 minutes to make sure the salt has dissolved. “Spray the desired weeds with the salty solution, but don’t use on lawns, salt can be absorbed into your soil and prevent future growth.” To keep it simple, gardeners can also use boiling water on growing weeds. GardeningExpress.co.uk said scalding water can “destroy” weeds, but urged gardeners to keep it as close to weeds as possible. This is because it can also kill any other greenery nearby. The experts continued: “Use baking soda on pesky weeds, particularly those growing in cracks to avoid killing healthy grass and other vegetation. “You can also layer mulch with newspapers or cardboard to eliminate existing weeds, whilst also stopping the next generation of weeds from growing too.” Mulch can also help provide nutrients to the soil and tidy up the look of any garden. It can be purchased from garden centres or made by using leafmould. GardeningExpress.co.uk experts added: “You can also use rubbing alcohol. Mix two tablespoons of rubbing alcohol with a litre of water, and then pour the mixture into a spray bottle. “The alcohol will remove the moisture that weeds need to survive.” Cornmeal can also be used on the soil to prevent crabgrass and dandelions from growing. It acts as an organic herbicide and is free from toxic chemicals.