Joanna Page believed parts like Stacey Shipman on Gavin and Stacey, which arguably made her a household name, simply didn’t go to “working actresses” like her. The 45-year-old had spent ten years in various stage performances after graduating from RADA. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Stacey said she believes the role, which saw her nominated for Best Female Comedy Newcomer at the 2007 British Comedy Awards, is her proudest career moment. “I always remember when I was in my second year at RADA, and I went to the National Theatre and I bent down and touched the stage and thought, ‘I’m going to be here one day,’” she said. “And then that was my first job when I left drama school. So that will always be such a proud moment for me. “And I think Gavin and Stacey, because it was such a joy. And it’s so difficult as an actor to get work. It’s so brutal and so hard, just to be in work is brilliant. “To have got on a show that lots of people enjoyed and it was a success, and it ran for quite some time, and we won awards.“ Joanna continued: “I was nominated for Best Comedy Newcomer, I think that, [was my proudest career moment] when I first got the phone call to say I had been nominated for something. “I thought, ‘My god, this doesn’t happen to me, I am just a working actress!’” Mum-of-four Joanna was working alongside Buzz Bingo, who carried out research that showed despite 38% claiming pictures taken with their mum are amongst their prized possessions, capturing new ones is on the backburner for most people, who take an average of just seven photos a year with them. Over a quarter (28%) said they haven’t taken a photo with their mum in at least six months and 15% admitted it’s been years since they posed for a photo together. However, taking pictures that capture special memories is clearly the way to mums’ hearts this Mother’s Day, as three in 10 (30%) said capturing new memories on camera is one of the top ways to make them feel like royalty. Having dinner cooked for them (42%) and being surprised with a day out (23%) also appeared at the top of the list. After finding that over half (54%) of Brits want to take more photos so they have memories to look back on, Buzz Bingo enlisted Antony Jones, a Getty royal photographer, to capture some extra special family photographs and make mums feel like royalty. DON'T MISS... Gemma Atkinson apologises for her 'radio silence' on Instagram [INSTAGRAM]Emeli Sandé announces same-sex relationship eight years after divorce [COMMENT]Michelle Collins, 59, engaged to toyboy beau, 38, after 10 years [INSIGHT] Joanna and her Mum Susan Page were the first lucky pair to test out the service, enjoying a truly special day out at Buzz Bingo Tooting, with Anthony capturing their very own family portrait. Joanna and her Mum then enjoyed a game of bingo together to add even more excitement to the day. Back in October, the actress and presenter welcomed her daughter, Boe. And her siblings (Eva, nine, Kit, six, and Noah, five) are absolutely besotted. “It really is lovely, because the other three are that little bit older so they have really accepted her, there’s been no jealousy, no rivalry, they just absolutely adore her, it’s going so well, I’m sure there will be difficult times but it’s going incredibly well,” Joanna gushed. “Eva, she’s nine, she scoops [Boe] out of her cot and the pram and she’s like a clucky little hen, she puts her over her shoulder, she takes off her babygro and does her nappy. “And the two boys who are only five and six, they climb into her little playpen and they lie beside her, and they’re kissing her and talking to her, it just melts your heart.”