Johnny Depp has described seeing a photograph of what he called “human faecal matter” on his bed, while testifying against ex-wife Amber Heard in court. The actor believes Amber left it there - but claims she blamed it on his dog. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor said Amber was away at Coachella at the time, and he wanted to go back to the apartment they shared, to collect some of his items. He said his security guard Sean Bett warned him it was not a good time to come, before sending him the photograph. Johnny claimed when he saw the image, he laughed at first. "My initial response to that was ... I mean I laughed," he told the court. "It was so outside... so bizarre and so grotesque that I could only laugh." Johnny alleged Amber tried to claim one of his dogs left the faeces, but thought that was impossible because they are teacup yorkies. “They weigh about four pounds each,” he told the court. "The photograph I saw... that did not come from a dog, it just didn't." Amber denies any accusations of abuse, as does Johnny. Johnny has also accused Amber of stubbing a cigarette out on his face, giving him a “roundhouse punch” to the face, and smashing a glass bottle by throwing it at him, causing the tip of his finger to be severed. A photo of the actor in the emergency room in the hospital with his injury was shown to the court, and Johnny said there was another detail in that photo - pointing to what appeared to be a mark on his face. He said this mark was caused by Amber putting a lit cigarette out on his face, weeks after the bottle incident. DON'T MISS: 'Heartbroken' Helen Mirren breaks silence after Rio Hackford's deathAmanda Holden, 51, teases fans as she flaunts legs in daring skirtCarol Kirkwood sets record straight on BBC Breakfast future Johnny needed surgery on his finger to reconstruct it, and he later contracted MRSA. "It was a pretty grotesque sight," he said in court. Johnny was then quizzed on “the staircase incident” in which he claimed Amber “got the roundhouse in and nailed [him] on the cheekbone". The court then played a recording where Amber could be heard telling Johnny: “I did not punch you, I was hitting you.” She added: “I did start a physical fight.” Today marks the second day that Johnny has taken to the stand to testify against Amber as he sues her for $50million. Amber, who is counter-suing Johnny for $100million, has not yet taken to the stand, but denies all allegations of abuse. The trial continues.