Imperial College London and the University of Reading were battling to be crowned the winners of University Challenge 2022 on Monday evening. Despite a confident start in the final, Imperial College London's players were forced to pass on three questions during a bonus round on New York drag slang. One team member called Fatima Sheriff told host Jeremy Paxman she wished she watched at least one episode of the drag queen reality show Ru Paul's Drag Race as it could have come in useful.  Halfway into the final, Imperial was storming ahead on 80 points and Reading was on 25 points. However, when a bonus round on drag slang started, the players put their heads in their hands in despair. Jeremy began: "These three questions are on New York drag slang. "Give a single word defined by the designer and performer Dorian Corey as the real art of the insult. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... "It usually means an exchange that's exaggeratedly savage and explicitly performative unlike its subtler form 'throwing shade'." The team looked at each other with confusion and deliberated the answer between themselves. Team captain Michael Mays asked his teammates: "What is worse than throwing shade?" Fatima replied: "Oh boy, oh god, I am going to get so roasted on the internet for this."  Michael said to Sheriff: "We just have no idea do we?" They all agreed to pass on the question to which the correct answer was "reading". They were then asked to define an eight-letter word used to describe certain categories of drag ball performance where the aim is to be able to look as much as possible as your straight counterpart. Fatima put her hands over her face and said: "Oh boy, if only I'd watched one episode of Ru Paul's Drag Race." DON'T MISS... University Challenge fans distracted by silent player [LATEST]'Worst episode ever!' University Challenge fans blast 'cruel' question [REACTION]University Challenge viewers distracted by contestant's appearance [MUST SEE] Other University Challenge fans praised the show for including the drag-themed round, with The Ale Lady commenting: "The fact that drag slang is a category in the #UniversityChallenge final pleases me greatly."  Phil W added: "Got all three drag questions right for the final this evening!" Despite the tricky bonus round, the team were the winners of the series after securing a total of 125 points, whereas Reading scored 115 points. Mays collected the trophy for his team and received a huge round of applause before Jeremy said: "Well, that's it for this year. Many thanks to both of tonight's teams and to all of the students who went the extra mile this year to take part." University Challenge episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 