Authentic sourdough bread is traditionally made with just flour, salt, and water. But in a number of supermarkets, shoppers will find the likes of palm oil and commercial yeast added to this list. Sourdough, a slowly fermented bread, does not need added yeast to rise and is often considered a healthier alternative to bread made with more ingredients and additional raising agents. Sustain, a food and farming organisation, has warned supermarket shoppers that bread marked as sourdough can often be a cheaper alternative, or “sourfaux”. Chris Young, who heads up the Read Bread Campaign, said consumers were being “misled” about the “process” of making sourdough by the labelling of products. He said: “We believe many people are being misled when they are buying their bread. “Making sourdough is a slower process. “We would want the definition to be "bread made without additives and using a live sourdough starter culture.” The campaign is hoping to ensure that “no person shall sell or advertise for sale any bread in contravention with this regulation”. The result of the “misleading” labelling, according to Young, is a “sourfaux free-for-all” that threatens the livelihood of smaller, independent or traditional bakeries. READ MORE: Brexit Britain to 'lead the world' if it scraps trade barriers The group added: “The key reasons are to help protect the livelihoods of bakers who make sourdough bread, and to help prevent shoppers from being misled, for whatever reasons they want or need to choose it.” The Real Bread Campaign has called for a review of how supermarkets can label their products, and the Government has launched a working group to review the use of the word “sourdough” in big-chain shops. The working group will assess “whether providing a definition of sourdough would be beneficial to consumers”. The bread and flour technical working group will also pick apart current rules on where the term “freshly baked” can be applied. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Macron poised to unleash fresh hell on Britain [LIVE] Royal rift POLL: Should William work to resolve the feud with Harry? [VOTE] Meghan Markle and Harry 'contributing to disinterest in Netflix' [ANALYSIS] Supermarkets have been hit with accusations of being “loaf tanning salons”, where frozen or part-baked goods are blasted in the oven again just before going out onto the shelves. The bread market in the UK is worth an estimated £4 billion every year, with small-scale craft bakeries accounting for around five percent of the market. Big-name bakeries and in-store facilities make up around a fifth of the market. A sourdough loaf will often retail at around £3.50 in a traditional bakery, which is approximately three times the price at which supermarkets are selling “sourdough” loaves. A 2018 investigation by consumer watchdog Which? Found that four out of 19 supermarket “sourdough” loaves surveyed actually met the requirements to be called authentic sourdough. The baking industry in the UK suggested the following year that where “space and skills were lacking”, adding ingredients to the dough could offer a solution to streamline the process. This was rejected by the Real Bread Campaign, which denounced the proposals as a “cheats’ charter”.