Ms Dewberry discussed the continuing debate in the UK on Prime Minister Boris Johnson's Partygate rule breaks. The TV presenter then went on to criticise those calling the rule breaks parties, as she described them as after-work gatherings in the office. Mr Johnson's Partygate fine is still dominating headlines as many Britons are still upset about Mr Johnson's actions during lockdown. Ms Dewberry claimed that she didn't have it in her to debate the topic any longer, and if Conservative backbenchers were that bothered about it they should submit letters of no confidence to the 1922 Committee.  Ms Dewberry told GB News: "I've got to be honest, I know, I know I know that the BBC and Sky News and everyone everywhere is talking about Partygate. "I've followed the goings-on in the House of Commons today, but I'm losing the will to live. "When it comes to going around, and around and around this circle of ridiculousness now in politics. "Quite frankly I personally think we all just deserve so much better than all of this. JUST IN: Prince William must 'temper' meeting with Harry and Meghan after 'intentional damage'      Ms Dewberry added: "I don't as I say often, I know that many people are outraged by what Boris Johnson has done. "With all of these so-called parties, which to me by the way is a bit of a gathering at the end of a workday in his office. "You know what, if all of these Tories etc are so unhappy with their leader, get a vote of no confidence in there. "Change him, get on with it spare me this ridiculousness, and if you don't mind I don't have it in me to debate this topic, yet again tonight."  READ MORE: Rwanda plan is ‘long overdue’ to thwart callous people traffickers, insists Tory stalwart     Mark Harper, a former chief whip decided to hand in a letter of no confidence earlier this week. Mr Harper said: “We have a prime minister who broke the laws that he told the country they had to follow, hasn’t been straightforward about it. "And is now going to ask the decent men and women of these benches to defend what I think is indefensible." "I’m very sorry to say this, but I no longer think he is worthy of the great office he holds.” Some Tory MPs have continued to defend the Prime Minister, and ask for the matter to be dropped citing the focus needs to be on Ukraine now. Mr Johnson formally gave an apology for his lockdown breach last week, after being issued a fine, along with Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak. Mr Johnson said: "I have to say, in all frankness, at that time it did not occur to me that this might have been a breach of the rules. But of course, the police have found otherwise and I fully respect the outcome of their investigation." "I now humbly accept that I was. But I think the best thing I can do now is, having settled the fine, is focus on the job at hand. That's what I'm going to do." 