Golf icons Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson have both been named on the PGA Championship’s official field list ahead of the second major of the year. The 2022 PGA Championship is set to be held at the Southern Hills Country Club in Tulsa, Oklahoma from May 19 and while their participation is not fully confirmed, their inclusion on the provisional entry list is positive signs they both may compete. Woods made his much-anticipated return to professional golf at the Masters earlier this month just 14 months after his horrific car crash shattered his right leg. While he performed admirably on the first day, the 46-year-old’s recovering body caught up with him as he ended up posting a score of +13 overall and finishing in 47th place. As for Mickelson, he opted to miss the 2022 Masters after taking a break from the sport in the wake of his comments regarding the Saudi-backed Super Golf League. The six-time major champion lost some long-term sponsors, including KPMG, as a result and decided to step away from golf for an undefined period. But it appears both golfing superstars could play the PGA Championship next month after they were listed on the official entry list. READ MORE: Bryson DeChambeau's PGA Championship participation in doubt Between 1998 and 2009, Woods finished in the top 10 at the PGA Championship eight times with four wins. The most recent of his triumphs came back in 2007 came at Southern Hills - where this year's PGA Championship will take place. After competing at the Masters, Woods made it clear that he wants to play The Open in July at St Andrews but his status has been up in the air regarding the PGA Championship amid his fitness battle. As for Mickelson, the 51-year-old has gone off the grid since his comments on the Saudi-backed golf league. However, it appears the two-time PGA Championship winner could be back to defend his crown following his 2021 win. DON'T MISSTiger Woods' Masters comeback causes family disbeliefTiger Woods' Masters prize money winnings revealed after comebackScheffler sends emotional 'thank you' message to Woods after Masters “Our client Phil Mickelson is officially registered to play in the PGA Championship as well as the U.S. Open,” said Steve Loy on behalf of Mickelson. “We have also filed a request on his behalf for a release to play in the first LIV Gold Invitational in London, June 9 – 11. This request complies with the deadline of April 25 set forth by the PGA Tour to compete in a conflicting tour event. “Phil currently has no concrete plans on when and where he will play. Any actions taken are in no way a reflection of a final decision made, but rather to keep all options open.” The final entry list for the PGA Championship will be announced on May 9, days before the tournament begins.