Homes Under the Hammer viewers saw a lady purchase a terraced house in mid-wales for £44,500 earlier this week. Presenter Martin Roberts visited the property and saw several rooms needed renovating and redecoration, while the garden needed some serious TLC. The new owner spent £10,000 transforming the house so it was fit for rental, and when the estate agent came to visit, they doubled the original value. Martin was in Aberdare, a town 20 miles from Cardiff, to visit a terraced house that was up for auction. “I’m looking at a two-bed mid-terraced, with a guide price of £38,000,” he said. The presenter then headed inside and commented: “Straight through the front door, it doesn’t seem to be in too bad condition. It’s been recently redecorated, you’ve got this living room area here, stairs up to your bedrooms there, a little sort of dining room there. “That’s ok, then this is where it all starts to go a little bit wrong because, for a start, the floor - what is going on with that? Very uneven. “And then you’ve got a utility room there, and then a kitchen here which is just… well, it [the layout] just doesn’t work.” READ MORE: Prince Charles & Camilla are celebrating Easter privately at Birkhall Martin then headed upstairs and said: “The bathroom is a pleasant surprise, it’s in reasonable condition. “A small bedroom, and then a bigger bedroom. Again, the whole house is not in bad condition overall. “A least we’ve got a bit of cupboard space,” he said opening a door in the bigger bedroom. But Martin soon realised the cupboard was not within the boundary of the house, and “it was not part of the house”. Outside, the garden was problematic. The kitchen door led straight to a wall and very steep steps which led to the top of the hill. “Lots of properties in the valleys of Wales have very steep gardens,” he remarked. “Retaining the garden is often done better than this. I would be very worried about the stability, long-term, of this. DON'T MISS...Mushrooms: Gardeners’ World guide to growing mushrooms [VIDEO]Lawn care: How to turn a ‘mossy lawn into a beautiful green garden’ [EXPDERT]Cornwall council urges tourists to wear face masks when visiting [NEWS] “Actually withholding this kind of weight of soil takes a lot of blockwork, and it’s a specialist job and I really don’t know how well that’s been done.” He then discussed the other “conundrums” that were visible outside. “The confusion before about that corridor and cupboard, look out here!” Martin said. He then pointed out the extensions which the neighbours had, as well as the additional skylights which had been installed on the property’s land. An estate agent took a look around the property before it was renovated and “estimated the market value to be around £80,000.” Fleur was the highest bidder and she bought the property for £44,500. When it came to Martin revisiting the property three years late, he walked through the front door and said: “Inside, not much has changed except for a fresh lick of paint. “As for the kitchen, they’ve knocked a couple of walls down to create a more open space, and they’ve upgraded the roof, making it sloped, to add more height and bring in more light.” The bathroom was also freshened up by re-grouting the tiles, and a new boiler was installed. Upstairs, the bedrooms also had a “spruce-up”, with “fresh paint and new carpets”. As for the steep back garden, “nothing much has changed” as of the time of filming. The same estate agent returned to the property to check out the renovation. “What a transformation!” He commented. “It’s really nicely presented, it’s ready to move into.” As for the “potential returns”, the property expert said: “If I was to put this house on the open market for resale, I would be expecting to achieve £85,000-£90,000 on the open market.” That means the buyer made a pre-tax profit of £35,000.