Melissa McBride was set to star alongside Norman Reedus in a planned spin-off centred on their well-established Walking Dead characters Carol Peletier and Daryl Dixon. In a shocking development, Melissa will no longer be taking part in the upcoming AMC series, which will instead focus solely on Daryl. Sources have confirmed Melissa has parted ways with the character she has played for over 10 years on The Walking Dead. A planned spin-off featuring Daryl and Carol was confirmed back in September 2020 to hit screens next year. TVLine has now reported Carol will no longer be a part of the upcoming offshoot due to the show’s filming commitments. A spokesperson for AMC confirmed: “Melissa McBride has given life to one of the most interesting, real, human and popular characters in The Walking Dead Universe. READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry “Unfortunately, she is no longer able to participate in the previously announced spinoff focused on the Daryl Dixon and Carol Peletier characters, which will be set and filmed in Europe this summer and premiere next year. "Relocating to Europe became logistically untenable for Melissa at this time. “We know fans will be disappointed by this news, but The Walking Dead Universe continues to grow and expand in interesting ways and we very much hope to see Carol again in the near future.” Thankfully, AMC’s announcement has left the door open for Melissa to eventually return to the franchise.   If the spin-off proves popular enough for a second season, there could be a chance for Carol to return - perhaps if production moves back to the States. Sadly, for now, the last time fans will see Carol will most likely be the upcoming finale to The Walking Dead season 11, which will bring the mainline series to a close. Fans were naturally distraught by the news, with some claiming they wouldn’t be watching the new series if Melissa wasn’t involved. When the announcement was made on Twitter, @grumpyweed wrote: “I love Daryl. But I won't watch this spin-off." DON'T MISS:Star Trek's Kate Mulgrew admits she hasn’t watched Discovery reboot [INTERVIEW]The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth pays tribute to co-stars [VIDEO]NCIS’ Sean Murray pays tribute to daughter ahead of guest role [LATEST]  “Idea of it doesn't have sense to me and it screws up everything that these two characters represent and what their story has been for the last couple of years.” And @angejimenezm fumed: “They're going to throw away a decade of history between Carol and Daryl, probably kill her at the end and give Daryl a version of Ride with Norman Reedus? “Really?!!! I've never seen a show try so hard to be s**t. Carol/Melissa Mcbride, you will always be a legend. Best character in TWD.” (sic) The zombie drama is currently on hiatus before the last of three final arcs are aired on AMC and Disney+ internationally later this year. Carol’s fate is currently unknown, though she is speculated to survive the final battle due to her previous commitments to the spin-off. Filming for the series has already been complete, so there are unlikely to be any major last-minute changes to the final episodes. In the meantime, Norman is still set to start shooting the spin-off in Europe soon, and there is also an offshoot centred on Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) and Maggie Rhee (Lauren Cohan) in the early stages of production. The Walking Dead seasons 1-11 are available to watch on AMC in the USA and Disney+ in the UK.