Nicknamed The Welsh Potting Machine, Williams remains one of snooker's most enduring characters, and is currently ranked eighth in the world. He faces a tricky opening-round encounter at this year's World Snooker Championship, as he faces fellow Welshman Michael White in the Sheffield tournament. Williams has enjoyed a decent 2021/22 season on the circuit, including a win at last year's British Open, as well as a runner-up position in the Snooker Shoot Out. He is often heralded alongside rivals John Higgins and Ronnie O'Sullivan as the 'Class of 92', with all three snooker stars turning professional that year, and all writing their names in the history of the sport. And it was after a stunning victory against Higgins last year that talk about Williams' own tilt for the world title began, despite the star admitting he couldn't win the title. Williams, who has won the world crown three times, said after his victory over Higgins: "What do you want me to say, 'I think I can win it'? I don't think I can." He booked his place in the last eight with his victory over the Scotsman, but lost to eventual winner Mark Selby in the quarter-finals. But prior to his loss, Williams vowed to "go out on my shield" by playing the aggressive snooker that has made him become a true fans' favourite. According to the BBC, he said: "It's a massive victory; for me and a lot of others, John is the second-best player ever. "It's a great win for me, he's still one of the best players in the world. "What do you want me to say, 'I think I can win it'? I don't think I can. Whoever I play is going to be favourite. I honestly don't care who I play, I'm just enjoying myself." JUST IN: Ronnie O'Sullivan match interrupted by strange noise from Google Maps Williams noted how he's "never been afraid to lose" and that he'd rather push for the win, adding: "I'll go out on my shield playing some of the craziest shots ever. "If I think it's the right shot, I'll go for it. If I lose I lose, there's no problem there. "I haven't got to win to prove anything any more, and the way I enjoy it is by going for pretty much everything. "I don't think I'm good enough to win the tournament but I think I'm certainly dangerous enough to beat anyone on my day." DON'T MISS:World Snooker Championship 2022 results: O'Sullivan eyes another title [ANALYSIS]Ronnie O'Sullivan once issued savage put down of 'boring' players [INSIGHT]Ronnie O'Sullivan promises 'carnage' in Crucible opener [LATEST] Williams was an outsider when last year's tournament began and will remain so for this year's edition. Many pundits' favourite for the crown is world number one O'Sullivan, who has a long history of matches against Williams. And the pair's rivalry extended off the table when Williams' hit back at O'Sullivan's claims the quality of snooker player had gone down hill in the past decade. O'Sullivan in 2020 questioned why the likes of himself, Williams and Higgins, all in their mid-forties, were still able to operate at the top of the game. In a withering rant, O'Sullivan, who last won the World Snooker Championship two years ago, said that the youngsters "coming through, they're really not that good". He added: "Most of them would do well as half-decent amateurs, or not even amateurs they’re so bad a lot of them. “A lot of them you see now, you think, cor, I’ve probably got to lose an arm and a leg to fall outside the top 50. So that’s why we’re hovering around – because of how poor it is down that end.” But striking back, Williams described O'Sullivan’s comments as "a bit naughty" and disrespectful. He said: “I understand what he was saying that the standard’s no good, but that’s compared to him. “He’s including me in that. There’s no one on the tour that’s as good as him, but it’s unfair to class everyone else in his standards… for him to have a go at the lower-ranked players I think is a bit naughty." Williams, who was speaking after O'Sullivan had beaten him in 2020's World Snooker Championship quarter-final, added to BBC Sport: “He is the pioneer for our sport. "He is the main man without doubt and the best player in the world. “You’d never have another top sportsman in their field sort of disrespecting or slagging off the rest of the tour." The World Snooker Championship airs today on the BBC.