  TalkTV presenter Piers Morgan took to Instagram to share an insight into a dinner party with his former ITV pals Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes at the home of Britain’s Got Talent judge Amanda Holden. Piers cheekily acknowledged that the table was full of “Britain’s egos” as fans took to the comments section to give their thoughts on the “outrageous” bunch.     Piers shared a snap with his 1.8 million Instagram followers on Saturday, which showed Amanda, Ruth, Eamonn, comedian Alan Carr and chef Euan Peach posing around a decadent table. The former Good Morning Britain star captioned the picture: “Britain’s Got Egos. “Very funny dinner last night at my lovely friend @noholdenback’s beautiful home, with delicious food cooked @bymrpeach. “Pic’s a bit murky but you can play spot the shy shrinking violet…” he added with a laughing emoji.  READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’    Piers’ new show Uncensored is airing on TalkTV tonight after the star stormed off the set of ITV’s Good Morning Britain over a year ago. Eamonn also sparked controversy when he parted ways with ITV’s This Morning before joining GB News this year. His wife Ruth, who has been with the show for decades, no longer presents This Morning with her husband but continues to appear regularly as a panellist on Loose Women. Amanda has worked with ITV for many years as a judge on the show Britain’s Got Talent, where Piers also used to work.       The star-studded table, which also included comedian and presenter Alan Carr, set tongues wagging as Piers’ followers took to the comments section to share their thoughts. Billy Buck wrote: “The crack around that table would have been hilarious!” “Outrageous…” Piers replied. Alison penned: “Oh I would have loved to have been around that table, I can imagine a funny night x.” READ MORE... Demi Rose in risqué display flashing cleavage in sheer corset [PICS] Donald Trump mocks Prince Harry as HE 'made the Queen smile' [INSIGHT] Michelle Keegan dubbed ‘fittest woman ever’ after ‘unreal' bikini snaps [PICS]      “Very Alison,” Eamonn replied, to which Alison then added: “Glad to hear it after the few years we have all had it’s lovely to be able to get together with friends x.” (sic) “It’s nice to see Eamonn and Ruth there too,” commented Caroline Elizabeth. “Looks like a good evening!” added makeup artist Lisa Houghton. While Lisa Teer wrote: “That looks like a very mischievous evening!!”     Jo Ellis penned: “Argh what a group of dinner guests!! Soon as I saw the picture I could hear Amanda Holden’s dirty laugh in my head as we hear her on the radio!” “Just the best perfect dinner…” Karen added. “The laughter and discussion would have been great. “If you had to have dinner these would be my sort of people to have for dinner…” Piers Morgan Uncensored airs at 8pm tonight on TalkTV.   