Manchester United could see five more youngsters follow Anthony Elanga's lead and break through into the first team next season. Incoming boss Erik ten Hag has built up a reputation for bringing through emerging stars at Ajax, and he is unlikely to change that philosophy if he follows up on a verbal agreement to join the Red Devils. With that in mind, Express Sport delves into the five players in question: Eyebrows were raised when United shelled out a whopping £37million to bring in Amad from Atalanta last year, especially considering he had only made five senior appearances. Born less than three months after Elanga, the Swede has proven that it is possible to earn a first-team spot at such a young age, even if the stars are yet to align for Amad. Still a teenager, the Ivorian is on loan at Rangers where he has scored one league goal in five appearances. The experience of a deep Europa League run and more regular football could be invaluable, and Ten Hag may look to integrate the winger with a host of attacking stars expected to flee from Old Trafford this summer. JUST IN: Gary Lineker applauds Leeds fans for grand gesture towards ousted boss Marcelo Bielsa The 6ft midfielder had interest from Barcelona and Bayern Munich as an academy product, but he instead joined Man Utd from Monaco in 2019. Fans have been left frustrated at his lack of action since, with just one senior appearance to his name. That much seems surprising considering he already has 12 senior caps for Tunisia, with whom he went to the Africa Cup of Nations on an impressive run to the quarter-finals. Proof that he could handle that pressure could see Ten Hag promote him from someone who occasionally makes the bench to a genuine squad rotation option. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal In making his debut last season, Shoretire became United's youngest ever player to feature in European competition and their seventh-youngest debutant of all time. Now with four senior appearances to his name and having turned 18-years-old, the next few months could be crucial if he is keen to make a good impression and convince Ten Hag that he is worthy of more first-team opportunities. With a wise head on young shoulders, Shoretire recently claimed that 'it is not about rushing, it is about being patient'. A haul of 14 goal involvements in 20 matches for the Under-23s this season could land him with a reward soon enough. The teenage defender has more senior experience than many of United's youth prospects, having spent a short-term loan spell with Wayne Rooney's Derby Count last campaign and another with Birmingham City this term. Mengi's progress was recently stunted, however, when he returned to Carrington for treatment on a recurring hamstring injury. It may be tricky for the 19-year-old to worm his way into Ten Hag's first-team plans at centre-back with senior internationals Harry Maguire and Raphael Varane laying claim to the two starting spots. He certainly has the talent to work his way up the pecking order, though, and could be given the occasional shot in light of the Red Devils' defensive woes. The exciting winger signed from Atletico Madrid in 2020 and is the youngest of the quintet at 17-years-old. That being said, he can already boast a call up to the Argentina national team. With three goals for the Under-23s this season, he and Hannibal Mejbri were spotted at the team hotel before United played Norwich City on Saturday. While Ralf Rangnick urged caution on introducing youngsters to the first team, Ten Hag may not be so conservative.