A Freedom of Information Act request in the US uncovered bizarre details about studies conducted by the Pentagon about some of the impacts caused by “unidentified flying objects” or UFOs. The reports claim that Americans have been left with radiation burns, brain damage, and even "unaccounted for pregnancy," after an encounter with a UFO. The documents are part of the Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program (AATIP), which was a secretive U.S Department of Defense program that ran from 2007 to 2012.  While technically these documents were never “classified” or labelled “top secret”, the Program was outside public information until 2017, when former program director Luis Elizondo resigned from the Pentagon. Upon his resignation, Mr Elizondo made public several videos of an unidentified aircraft moving in nearly impossible manoeuvres. Soon after the AATIP’s existence was made known to the public, the Sun filed a request for any and all documents relating to the UFO Program. Four years later, the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) finally released 1,574 pages of UFO-related material.  The documents that have been handed over include reports on the biological effects of UFO sightings on humans, along with studies on advanced technologies such as invisibility cloaks, and plans for deep space exploration and colonization. However, the Pentagon “withheld in part” some portions of the document over privacy and confidentiality concerns. One of the bizarre documents in the cache was titled: Anomalous Acute and Subacute Field Effects on Human and Biological Tissues, dated March 2010. The report details alleged injuries to "human observers by anomalous advanced aerospace systems," some of which may be a "threat to United States interests.” READ MORE: Australian mystery after bloated 'alien' creature washes ashore  The DIA warned that this report may show that the UFOs may be a "threat to United States interests". The document states that some victims were found to have been injured from "exposures to anomalous vehicles, especially airborne and when in close proximity". The Pentagon found that many of the injuries are linked to electromagnetic radiation, which it linked to "energy-related propulsion systems". The report reads: "Sufficient incidents/accidents have been accurately reported, and medical data acquired, as to support a hypothesis that some advanced systems are already deployed, and opaque to full US understandings. DON'T MISS: US reveals hypersonic missile test, risks escalating Russia tension [REVEAL] Putin threatens to STARVE Germany in horror retaliation to measures [INSIGHT] Putin's killers: Russia's five deadliest weapons that could be used [ANALYSIS]  "The medical analyses while not requiring the invention of an alternative biophysics do indicate to use of (to us) unconventional and advanced energy systems." The report also noted that it had 42 cases from medical files and 300 similar "unpublished" cases that describe humans being injured after an “anomalous” encounter. The report also hinted at more information than was revealed in the document, with a statement reading: "Classified information exists that is highly pertinent to the subject of this study and only a small part of the classified literature has been released". 