Brits can expect rainfall over the weekend and into next week after a period of dry conditions, the Met Office has claimed. The United Kingdom can also expect chilly temperatures on Saturday morning to become milder as temperatures jump from around 2C to as high as 15C, according to WXCHARTS. The weather-tracking website also said rainfall in the west of Scotland could exceed eight millimetres. Around five millimetres of rain is also forecast to fall in northern Scotland, particularly in the area surrounding Inverness. Rain is not expected to affect other parts of Great Britain, particularly south Wales and the south of England. However, patches of rainfall might affect places in the north east, north west and the Midlands. JUST IN: UK weather: Temperatures to reach 17C in England this weekend - what about your area? Looking ahead to the weather later today, the Met Office said: “Cloud and rain, occasionally heavy, along with strengthening winds gradually moves south eastwards across Scotland and Northern Ireland. “Much of England and Wales will be fine with some warm sunshine.” The UK's national weather service also suggested outbreaks of rain could persist into the start of next week. The Met Office's forecast for Sunday through to Tuesday said: “Cool and cloudy with outbreaks of rain across the south Sunday, drier and brighter further north. “Mostly cloudy with scattered showers Monday and Tuesday, a few sunny spells developing.” However, the Met Office's deputy chief meteorologist David Oliver has claimed conditions will be mixed across the UK on the May bank holiday weekend. He said: “It is a different mix of weather this bank holiday weekend after what has been a largely settled week for the UK. “The high-pressure that has been dominating the UK in recent days will move away to the south, allowing a low-pressure system to move in from the northwest. DON'T MISS: M5 closed in Somerset after serious crash - long delays [NEWS]Have your say: Should UK rip up deal over EU impasse? Who's to blame? [POLL]Royal Family: Harry and Meghan 'stunned' by 'shut door'  [INSIGHT] “This will bring with it some more unsettled weather with showers or some longer spells of rain across the north on Saturday and then southern areas on Sunday. “A good deal of dry weather is expected on Monday with most areas only seeing some isolated showers and mild temperatures, widely in the mid-teens.”