Jonjo Shelvey claims that Newcastle United will one day be as big as Manchester City or Paris Saint-Germain. The midfielder's choice of teams has caused something of a stir on social media with the Sky Blues and Parisians both enjoying on-pitch success, but also central to the debate on what defines a 'big club'. It took Eddie Howe a while to turn things around but Newcastle have been on an upwards trajectory since the January transfer window. With no sporting director at the helm it was left to Howe and his side-kicks to oversee the new arrivals, and many of them have had a positive impact. Dan Burn and Bruno Guimaraes are among them, and the picture could have been looking even rosier for the Magpies had Kieran Trippier not been struck down with injury after just five matches in black and white. Shelvey has featured in 22 of Newcastle's 32 Premier League games this season, and believes that the club he joined in 2016 is on the verge of something special. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Conte 'a fan' of Kalvin Phillips but move rests on major Daniel Levy doubt "Let’s not sugar coat it, we needed to be taken over," he told Sky Sports, "Everyone at the club is pulling in the one direction – the camaraderie around the place is something I’ve not seen before. "I’ve never had a manager like this before. The first thing he did was hand everyone a sheet of paper to write down their wives’ and kids’ names, plus all our birthdays. He wants to know everything about everyone. I’m glad I’m his cup of tea and want to do everything to repay him. DON'T MISS...Chris Sutton slams Jesse Lingard's clothing choice vs LiverpoolMan Utd icon Paul Scholes tells club to finish 8th in 'saddened' rantMan Utd icon Gary Neville admits he was 'unprofessional' on Sky Sports "At some clubs, you get the hump if you’re not playing. Players can toss training off at times, but at Newcastle the ones not playing are in training the next day while the others recover – they’re probably fitter than those who have played the previous day. "This club will be massive. I’m talking PSG and Man City massive. It’ll take time, and it’s a building process, but Newcastle can go to the top. We just all need to be patient. All I want is to be a part of the process."  Indeed, Shelvey's choice of clubs raised eyebrows considering he did mention the likes of Liverpool or Manchester United, two sides that have traditionally slotted comfortably into the 'big club' category. PSG and City have both enjoyed rapid rises since their lucrative takeovers, however, and Newcastle are aiming to tread the same path. Last time out, Howe masterminded a 2-1 victory over Leicester City to rack up their second league win in a row and take them closer to the magical 40-point mark. More transfer activity is expected this summer as the Magpies strive to make their mark in the top half and fulfil Shelvey's prediction next campaign. 