Kit Connor is one of the lead characters in the uplifting Netflix TV series, Heartstopper. The story is based on Alice Oseman's webcomic of the same name, detailing the romance between Nick and Charlie Spring (Joe Locke). Fans are keen to find out more about Kit Connor, including his age. The British actor has been in the world of showbusiness since 2013. He went on to perform in Mr Holmes, and fans may recognise him as a young Elton John in Rocketman. The star's TV credits include Rocket's Island and Grantchester. Viewers may recognise his tone as he provides the voice of Pan in His Dark Materials. The star has already achieved so much at just 18 years old. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Vanessa Woodfield heartbroken over Suzy's secret He celebrates his birthday on March 8, 2004 and was born in Croydon, London. His acting career began when he was just eight years old, in the TV series Chickens. After acting for a decade, the star spoke out about his latest venture, Heartstopper. Speaking to 1883 Magazine, he said: "It’s been a life-changing project for me. "Being a lead in a Netflix show comes with its own level of insanity, but it also brings this—the press side of it, talking to people like you—which is something new to me. "I’m really enjoying it. Doing interviews and such has been a real pleasure because the cast loves to talk about how much we love the show. "Personally, I’ve loved getting to work with photographers, stylists, and groomers because it’s another side of the industry I’ve never experienced before. "I love working with new people and trying new things." Yet all the while he has had to keep on top of his A-Levels at school, bringing some normality to his otherwise star-studded life. The actor said despite the show gaining so much attention, it has not changed who he is. DON'T MISS... Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ [VIDEO] Who voices Headmaster Barnes in Heartstopper? [EXPLAINER] Why has Maya Vander left The Oppenheim Group? [INSIGHT] On starting his career at eight years old, he said he never really had any proper acting lessons. This may come as a surprise to fans following his stellar performance in Heartstopper. The series sees his character, Nick, fall in love with fellow student Charlie. Charlie is openly gay, whereas Nick is starting to question his sexuality as he comes to terms with his romantic feelings for Charlie. In the series, Nick's mother is played by the world-renowned actress Olivia Colman. At just 18 he has featured alongside some of the greatest names in the industry. The star is on Instagram and he has been sharing plenty of behind the scenes snaps with his co-stars. He features alongside Yasmin Finney as Elle Argent, William Gao as Tao Xu and Sebastian Croft as Ben Hope.  Heartstopper is streaming on Netflix now.