The treatment involves the use of two small balloons to divert blood around the liver for an hour while drugs are delivered directly to the organ. Known as chemosaturation therapy; this procedure allows doctors to administer far higher doses of medicine than patients would receive normally. Furthermore, this treatment also isolates the organ and protects healthy parts of the body from being affected by the treatment. After the drug has been given to the patient, the blood from the liver is drained and processed to reduce its toxicity. READ MORE: Veteran says long Covid 'hell' is worse than 20 years in the army  Once this process is complete, it is returned to the patient. Published in the journal Melanoma Research, the team has found the treatment to be effective in around 88 percent of patients. Of the patients on the study 62 percent survived for more than a year while 30 percent survived for more than two years. Based on the success of this treatment it is theorised that cycles of chemosaturation therapy have seen patient’s cancers dissipated completely in some cases.  A spokesman for the PLANETS charity that funded the research cautioned: “[D]espite being incorporated into the available options by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) last year, there is not currently an NHS-commissioned service.” Meanwhile Dr Stedman, co-founder of PLANETS added: “When we first trialled this treatment on two patients in 2012 I said that the development would be a landmark moment in cancer care and it really has proved to be, given these results. “This treatment allows us to cut off an organ from the body for 60 minutes, soak it in a high dose of drug and then filter the blood almost completely clean before returning I, and it’s arrival was much needed. “The outlook for patients specifically suffering from cancer which has spread to the liver has been poor.” Co-author the study Neil Pearce said: “While we currently only have evidence for this treatment in liver cancer which has spread from the eye, these results may now open the door for future studies with other difficult-to-treat cancers affecting the liver and we are exploring the potential new research trials. “There has also been some limited research and case reports in other cancers – including bowel, breast, pancreatic and neuroendocrine. “These findings show there is real potential for this treatment to extend to more common cancers, which is very exciting.” Although liver cancer is not the most common cancer in the UK, it’s low survival rate means it is wise to be wary of symptoms. The main symptoms of liver cancer are:• Skin or whiles of the eyes turning yellow• Itchy skin• Darker urine• Paler poo• Loss of appetite or having no energy• Feeling generally unwell or having flu like symptoms• A lump in the right-hand side of the tummy. For more information about liver cancer contact the NHS or consult with your GP.