Meghan Markle has been pictured at the Zuiderpark, Netherlands for this year’s Invictus Games. The Duchess of Sussex arrived with Prince Harry for the reception wearing a white designer trouser suit and several gold accessories. The suit Meghan chose is said to be by designer Maison Valentino, and is part of the Runway collection. The blazer is the oversized double-breasted twill blazer, and is currently on sale on Matches Fashion for $3,400 or £2,600. The description for the blazer reads: “This white double-breasted blazer is a testament to Valentino’s sublime tailoring, honed since 1960. “It’s crafted in Italy from twill woven with an element of wool and cut to an oversized fit with padded shoulders and figure-framing peak lapels, complete with a crepe lining to ensure a perfect drape.” The trousers match the blazer and are Maison Valentino’s pintucked wool tailored trousers. READ MORE: Prince Harry will have 'nothing' stop him from 'getting what he wants' They are currently $1,900 or £1,450 on Matches Fashion. Meghan carried a clutch bag which had a gold chain strap for her to place over her shoulder. The bag is also said to be from Valentino and is in the colour ivory. There are three other colour ways for the same bag; black, gingerbread and prune. The exact bag is the One Stud Nappa Bag with Chain and is currently priced at £2,200. Thanks to it’s sliding chain, it can be worn as a crossbody or shoulder bag. Meghan’s white court shoes are said to be Aquazzura heels. In terms of jewellery, Meghan wore her diamond engagement ring and her gold wedding band. On her right fingers she wore two thin gold band rings. On left wrist was a thin gold chain bracelet that looped around her wedding ring finger. She also added Princess Diana’s gold Cartier watch to the same wrist. Around her neck, Meghan had opted for a gold necklace, which featured a circle pendant, and she wore diamond round stud earrings. Royal fans took to Twitter to comment on Meghan’s appearance. Sarah M said: “Happy, beautiful and glowing.” Alexia wrote: “My sis Meghan Markle, Duchess of Sussex looks good in a white suit. Boss moves always.” Another added: “Meghan Markle attending Invictus Games in Hague Netherlands!! Also look at that jewelry obsessed.” One fan commented: “She's the real royal deal! Look at that warmth in her smile. Beautiful woman! #MeghanMarkle.” Someone else said: “Oh my Jesus – she look gorgeous in a fabulously white suit and a white and a little clutch bag.” One tweet read: “#MeghanMarkle did not come to play! Power outfit - a ‘nod’ to independent women!”