In a final rally speech to the French city of Perpignan, Marine Le Pen pledged to drastically reduce the tax on inheritance in an attempt to force Emmanuel Macron out of his Presidency. As the final days before the election count down, Le Pen has promised to support French families by introducing relief from inheritance taxation. The far-right candidate claimed she plans to “bury inheritance taxes,” as she makes her final battle with opposition candidates for the presidency.    “Inheritance is first and foremost about the family,” Ms Le Pen announced, as she outlined her plan to help “French families” by removing the strain of inheritance tax. The National Rally leader claimed she wants to encourage hard-working French families to “grow” by granting inheritance tax relief. The far-right candidate has focused upon “reserving family allowances,” for relatives to protect personal wealth. “It is perfectly normal to be able to pass one's assets and the fruits of one's labour to one's children,” defended Le Pen. She pledged her party will “drastically reduce inheritance taxes,” for the French people should she win the election.    If successful in her campaign, Ms Le Pen plans to scrap inheritance tax for middle and low-income families in a bid to allow more French families to freely pass on their wealth and assets. Moreover, she pledged not to tax donations from each parent to their child up to a total of 100,000 euros every 5 years. Ms Le Pen, well recognised for her policies on immigration and the proposed banning of religious garments such as hijabs, appears to have refocused her political aims on reducing tax demands on the French population. The first round of the French presidential election is set to take place on April 10 and polls suggest Le Pen holds a strong position in the competition. Read more: Zemmour's ‘threat to Le Pen’ could change France’s far-right Ms Le Pen has now entered the last rush of campaign efforts as French rules stipulate campaigning must come to an end at midnight, the Friday before the election commences. Opinion polls have predicted there will be a tight competition between Le pen and competitor Emmanuel Macron. Opposition candidate and current President Emmanual Macron hopes to win a second term in office, becoming the first French president to be re-elected in the last two decades. Other French candidates, Jean-Luc Mélenchon and Éric Zemmour have fallen behind in the most recent voter intention data. Don't miss:Macron’s reelection hopes could be thwarted over pension reforms [INSIGHT]Macron set to be next French president as Le Pen has too many rivals [ANALYSIS]Andrew Neil outlines humiliating new polling for Macron [EXPERT] Marine Le Pen stands as leader of the French far-right national party with a focus on conservative policy to protect French wealth and combat the cost of living crisis. Her 2022 campaign is her third bid at presidential success and appears to be her strongest fight yet. Le Pen has made clear inheritance tax is not the only form of taxation she plans to target if her campaign is successful. Le Pen has promised to scrap income tax for young people under 30 as part of her effort to combat the cost of living crisis emerging across Europe.   