Roderick ‘Pooh’ Clark, who starred in R&B band Hi-Five, has died at the age of 49. The singer suffered from complications due to an infection that had spread through his body over the years, and he also had pneumonia. According to his bandmate, Marcus Sanders, Roderick was in a car crash in Florida 30 years ago, and it left him paralysed from the neck down. Marcus said Roderick developed an infection which slowly spread through his body over the following years. In his final two weeks, the star also developed pneumonia, Marcus told TMZ. He had reportedly been in and out of the hospital several times before he died. READ MORE: Rod Stewart, 77, dotes on wife Penny Lancaster, 51, in loved-up snap The R&B band formed in 1989 and included Tony Thompson, Russell Neal, and Toriano Easley alongside Roderick and Marcus. Tony died in 2007 after inhaling a toxic amount of freon, a substance that is used as a refrigerant in air conditioning applications. Their most successful song I Like The Way (The Kissing Game) topped the charts in 1991. In 1990, they released their eponymous first album, while their second, Keep It Goin’ On, was released two years later. In 1993, they released their third album Faithful. Their track Never Should’ve Let You Go was also featured in the Sister Act 2 soundtrack. Shortly afterwards, the members disbanded while Treston went solo with his debut single Everything. In 2012, Irby, Shannon Gill and Marcus Sanders reformed Hi-Five with two new members, Andre Ramseur (aka Dre Wonda) and Faruq Evans, and released a single called Favourite Girl. DON'T MISS...Queer Eye star blasts royal who 'asked Harry about baby's skin colour'Victoria Beckham shares David's cheeky pic of her passed out by toiletStacey Solomon on 'harsh reality' at home after Joe Swash 'loses it' Andre later left the group and was replaced by Billy Covington. Hi-Five’s musical director Martinez Little posted a tribute, which read: “I am saddened to find out that Roderick 'Pooh' Clark another member of the famed singing group 'Hi5' passed away on Easter Sunday. “Pooh was the most athletic of them all. In basketball he could stand right under the basket and jump straight up and dunk the ball. “Our play fights and Super Soaker battles were epic. “We also used to battle each other hard on the Bball court in most cities. I still miss the fun times times touring with my little brothers as Musical Director. (sic) “My condolences to Hi5 and his family. R.I.P. Pooh”. Godzchild tweeted: “my condolences 2 roderick clark's family. thanks 4 the beautiful music u left 4 us 2 cherish 4ever.” Jacob Caldera added: “So Sad To Hear The Passing Of High Five Member Roderick Poole Clark. He Was A Awesome Talented Singer”.