Offering to help with DIY and gardening tasks, assisting with carrying in shopping bags, and being a good listener if a neighbour is opening up to them, also featured in the list. It emerged more than three-quarters (77 percent) believe their street has some good neighbours – while a confident 92 percent feel they are personally a great person to live next to. The research, commissioned by Warburtons, found Brits say “hello” or similar to people on their street six times a week – almost daily. One in five believe the pandemic helped bring them closer to their neighbours, with 18 percent now more invested in their community than ever before. It also emerged 14 percent are happier to open up to others in their community since the pandemic, with one in four discussing the rising cost of living. One in six have given or received advice from their neighbours in relation to saving money, with 26 percent relying on them more than ever when it comes to trying to save the pennies. This includes borrowing items from a neighbour instead of buying them new (18 percent), and teaming up on a food shop to save on costs (14 percent). Despite financial struggles, a quarter donate an average of £20 a month to community initiatives – including local charities, fundraising events and neighbourhood watch – while 18 percent are involved in other ways. And while older Brits would traditionally call upon others for a “cup of sugar”, modern day versions of this include asking neighbours for DIY tools, coffee, phone chargers – and even lateral flow tests. Jonathan Warburton, Chairman of Warburtons, said: “Today’s survey leaves no doubt that community and family values remain more important than ever to people across the country. “We know how difficult the past two years have been for communities and that right now, in many ways, things aren’t getting any easier. “However, it’s encouraging to see from our research that the little things can help make a difference – from taking out the bins, to saying a simple hello to your neighbours.” The study, carried out via OnePoll, also showed neighbours socialise together by enjoying drinks at home (26 percent), barbeques (17 percent), street parties (15 percent) and exercising together (12 percent). Proving how trusting Brits are of neighbours, more than a third (35 percent) would leave a spare key to their home with them, while 26 percent would ask them to pet-sit. Jonathan added: “As a family business, we’re recognising the importance people place on their communities by launching The Warburtons Foundation – a series of financial pledges, donations and projects that we hope will help many families better manage today’s challenges.” TOP 30 SIGNS OF A GOOD NEIGHBOUR: