Average property values in the UK are now pushing £300,000. As the market continues to grow to unprecedented levels, the question of whether house prices will ever come down is becoming more pertinent to desperate prospective buyers who cannot afford to buy while prices are so inflated. The Office for National Statistics (ONS) announced on Wednesday, April 13 that house prices grew by 10.9 percent in the year to February 2022 - higher than the forecast of 10.1 percent. In fact, analysts expected a marginal drop from January’s figure of 10.2 percent. The average price for a home in the UK is now £296,000. Ceri Lewis, house prices statistician at the ONS, said: “House prices rose again this month, with prices in the UK and England now at record levels. READ MORE: Why April is the month you should secure your dream home “The fast rise in UK rental prices also continued, with their highest annual growth in nearly six years. “All nations and regions saw increases, with London experiencing its strongest rise in a year.” House prices have risen throughout the coronavirus pandemic for numerous reasons, including a shortage of good to build new houses, the Stamp Duty holiday, and a rise in people wanting to abandon cities in favour of countryside homes with more space and gardens. Amanda Aumonier, Head of Mortgage Operations at online mortgage broker Trussle, told Express.co.uk: “In the midst of a cost of living crisis, the property market seems at odds with the rest of the economic climate. “All of the indicators do show that house price growth is continuing to go from strength to strength. “It is important to be mindful that the ONS Index is slightly behind other similar indices and so any movement in the housing market will take time to show in the ONS’ stats.” DON'T MISSInterior design: Avoid ‘harsh colours’ in the bedroom [INSIGHT]Woman's life made 'absolute hell' by council after home extension row [REPORT]Property for sale? Noisy neighbours could reduce house price by £23k [INSIGHT] But Ms Aumonier predicts that the buck is finally up for the housing market thanks to the cost of living crisis. She continued: “However, the dashboard warning lights are starting to light up. “Households are projected to be worse off by around £900 per year from inflation alone, which will without doubt have a knock-on effect on the property market. “Lenders are clearly beginning to realise this and are betting on an economic downturn impacting the property market.” Mortgage providers have now started to raise interest rates in line with the Bank of England’s borrowing rate - although this still remains remarkably low on the inflation rate, which now sits around eight percent. Ms Aumonier explained: “In the past week, we have seen interest rates on five and 10-year mortgage products begin to fall in line, and in some cases even beat those on two-year mortgages. “This is a sure sign that lenders are anticipating that the BOE will need to ease off interest rate rises or even cut them again in the future. “However, buyers should be beware that we will likely see rates increase further before any potential decrease.”