In the week of the local elections around the UK, the Techne UK/ Express.co.uk tracker poll has shown that support for Labour is stuck at 40 per cent with no change, but the Conservatives have gone up a point to 35 percent. This is the second week in a row where Labour’s lead has shrunk and follows criticism by senior MPs of Starmer’s strategy of only focussing on Partygate. As local elections are set to take place around the UK, the Techne UK/ Express.co.uk tracker poll has shown that support for Labour is stuck at 40 per cent with no change, but the Conservatives have gone up a point to 35 percent. This is the second week in a row where Labour’s lead has shrunk and follows criticism by senior MPs of Keir Starmer’s strategy of only focussing on Partygate. However, the news is not all good for Boris Johnson with only around a third of respondents (35 percent) confident in his Government’s performance and 63 percent not confident. Michela Morizzo, chief executive of Techne, said: “It is now clear that Keir Starmer's focus on Partygate has reached its limit and voters are beginning to turn off. “This does not mean though that the Conservatives will not face problems on Thursday. Confidence in them as a government is negative and it may be that many Conservatives who would vote in a general election and show up in this poll will stay at home for the local elections where turnout is traditionally much lower." The findings follow reported criticism by members of Starmer’s shadow cabinet of his tactics on focussing on Partygate. Shadow communities secretary Lisa Nandy was said to be particularly critical of Starmer for failing to come up with a policy platform or talk about voters' biggest concerns, particularly the cost of living crisis. READ MORE: ZERO dinghies detected just days after Rwanda scheme unveiled Recent polls have shown that the cost of living crisis is the number one concern for around six in 10 voters. Meanwhile, Starmer has also been hit by allegations that he broke lockdown rules himself sharing a beer and a takeaway with activists in Durham on April 30 2021. Deputy leader Angela Rayner was also reported to have been at the same gathering which has been compared to Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak sharing cake with Downing Street staff for the Prime Minister’s birthday. However, while the Chancellor and Prime Minister have been fined, Durham Police said at the time that there was nothing to investigate with the Labour gathering. DON'T MISS Election POLL: Do you back Boris Johnson ahead of local elections? [REACTION] Foster accuses Varadkar of trying to stop Brexit [INSIGHT] Shocking moment Tory MP Neil Parish quizzed over Parliament porn probe [REVELATION] In the last few days following a letter from North West Durham Conservative MP Richard Holden, Durham Police have decided to review the original decision. One Labour source told Express.co.uk: “The strategy of focussing on Partygate is stalling. Voters are saying ‘a plague on all your houses.’” The concerns about apathy on Thursday was highlighted in the tracker poll showing that less than half (48 percent) would definitely vote if there was a general election tomorrow while almost a quarter (23 percent) would not vote. Women appear to be the most disillusioned with only four in 10 saying they would definitely vote. Worryingly for Mr Johnson, Leave voters are twice as likely to stay at home as Remain voters. One senior Conservative MP told Express.co.uk: “The problem we have on Thursday is not our overall support which is pretty good for a midterm government. “Instead the problem will be Conservative voters sitting on their hands and not going to vote. So our overall support is unlikely to be reflected in the local elections.” There are concerns at Conservative CCHQ that historic councils like Wandsworth, Westminster, Barnett and Havering could all be lost to the Tories in a London wipeout. But they are hopeful of picking up some seats in former Labour red wall areas. Conservative support is strongest among pensioners who are statistically more likely to vote according to the tracker poll.