Twitter's board agreed to a $44billion (£34.5billion) takeover offer from billionaire businessman Elon Musk earlier this week. Throughout the Tesla CEO's bid, which he only started less than two weeks ago, Mr Musk has put free speech at the front and centre. In a statement announcing the deal, he said: “Free speech is the bedrock of a functioning democracy, and Twitter is the digital town square where matters vital to the future of humanity are debated. “I also want to make Twitter better than ever by enhancing the product with new features, making the algorithms open source to increase trust, defeating the spam bots, and authenticating all humans. “Twitter has tremendous potential - I look forward to working with the company and the community of users to unlock it.” Musk has since published a series of tweets slamming the social media platform. The SpaceX founder even suggested the platform should adopt a more “politically neutral” approach. JUST IN: Donald Trump’s Air Force One deal ‘severely impacted’ Boeing, says plane-maker CEO He told his 86.9million Twitter followers: “For Twitter to deserve public trust, it must be politically neutral, which effectively means upsetting the far right and the far left equally.” In a separate post, Mr Musk also suggested Donald Trump's social media platform Truth Social was topping the Apple Store charts due to Twitter's own inefficiencies. He said: “Truth Social is currently beating Twitter and TikTok on the Apple Store. “Truth Social (terrible name) exists because Twitter censored free speech.” However, in a slight dig at the 45th President, he added: “Should be called Trumpet instead!” READ MORE: Putin's oil empire crumbling as Russia faces hammer blow Mr Trump, who was suspended from Twitter and other social media platforms following the January 6 Capitol riot, launched Truth Social in March. Speaking about Truth Social, Mr Trump said: “We’re taking in millions of people, and what we’re finding is that the response on TRUTH is much better than being on Twitter. “Twitter has bots and fake accounts, and we are doing everything we can.” He added: “The bottom line is, no, I am not going back to Twitter.” The social media platform, which had faced some technical difficulties, is now live on new cloud services following the completion of some beta-testing. DON'T MISS: EU was ‘completely wrong’ to rely on Russian gas - ‘Should have known' [REVEALED]Ukraine LIVE: Russia threatens to bomb Britons in 'immediate' attack [LIVE]Chinese drone giant DJI calls off business in Russia [SPOTLIGHT] The ex-POTUS has also rejected any chance of returning to Twitter. He told Fox News: “I am not going on Twitter, I am going to stay on TRUTH. “I hope Elon buys Twitter because he’ll make improvements to it and he is a good man, but I am going to be staying on TRUTH.” However, other users have been keen to push Mr Musk to restore the former Commander-in-Chief's social media account. Supporters of Mr Trump, who had 88.7million Twitter followers when his account was suspended, have been quick to rally behind him. Lauren Boebert, a Republican Congresswoman for Colorado, said earlier this month: “Now that @ElonMusk is Twitter’s largest shareholder, it’s time to lift the political censorship. "Oh… and BRING BACK TRUMP!”