The Family Sex Show, recommended for those aged five and above, uses "real life bodies, personal stories, songs and movement" to explore sex and relationships. The production, scheduled to run at theatres in Bristol and Bath, Somerset, is described as a "fun and silly performance about the painfully awkward subject of sex, exploring names and functions, boundaries, consent, pleasure, queerness, sex, gender and relationships" on the company's website. Bosses at ThisEgg company say the "nakedness in the show is not of a sexualised nature" but families have expressed their outrage at the plans. One man wrote on Facebook: "This is indoctrination of children. This is child abuse. This is perverted and twisted. This is evil. We need to stand up to these monsters who are responsible for making this happen." Another user posted: "Room full of adults with their 5-year-old subjected to visions they should not be educated about until their teens at least! "Yes answer questions when asked by your child but to force them into a situation which is adult material as only ADULTS ON STAGE screams out a whole lot of concern." A third stated: "Children shouldn’t Watch that." Another shared: "That is so wrong on every level." Others have called for the show to be axed, Bristol Live reports.  Those behind the production said they created the show "as a response to Relationship and Sex Education in the UK, to create an alternative, offline, honest and human theatre show that is offering an intersectional, feminist, non-binary, anti-racist and sex-positive take on RSE (Relationships and Sex Education)." The description reads: "Clear content guidance is provided on this page, and audiences will be sent a document detailing everything that takes place on stage before they attend." Every child attending must be accompanied by a parent, guardian or responsible adult. A spokesperson for the show previously said: "ThisEgg have created The Family Sex Show to open up conversations around relationships. It is being created with input and guidance from education and safeguarding specialists. The nakedness in the show is not of a sexualised nature."