When Isco leaves Real Madrid in the summer, he can expect to attract a range of interested clubs. Real Betis appear to have pulled into pole position in the race to sign him, with the midfielder reportedly closing in on an agreement with the La Liga side. That is according to AS, who state that he is being offered a £16million contract to move to the Benito Villamarín Stadium. But such a deal is dependent on Betis being able to make several 'big sales' in the summer window, a situation that could bring several Premier League sides back into play. While he has fallen out of favour at the Bernabeu, Isco would still represent a good signing for several top-flight sides. With Betis closing on a deal though, these teams will need to act fast if they are to make a move for the Spaniard. The club linked with more players than any other is Newcastle, ahead of an expected squad overhaul this summer. Isco would add the attacking quality the Magpies are looking for, as well as bringing with him experience of winning trophies, a long-term aim for Eddie Howe's men. READ MORE: Carlo Ancelotti compares living in Liverpool to 'a constant pandemic' Undergoing a similar overhaul with likely be Aston Villa, who have endured a disappointing campaign. Isco could represent a cut-price alternative to Philippe Coutinho, who will cost in the region of £30m if Villa opt to bring the attacking midfielder back on a permanent basis. Isco's experience of winning European trophies may also come in handy for West Ham, who are set to again qualify for a European competition. David Moyes will likely be on the search for more attacking options in the summer, with Isco representing a possible target. DON'T MISS: Real Madrid to complete Rudiger transfer this week amid Man Utd talk (NEWS)PSG ‘tell Mbappe when he can seal Real Madrid transfer’ in huge twist (INSIGHT)Man City 'tell Erling Haaland he can join Real Madrid after two years' (TRANSFERS) Crystal Palace have thrived under Patrick Vieira's more attacking outlook, but he will need to replace one of his key players at the end of the season in Conor Gallagher. The midfielder will return to Chelsea at the end of his loan and Isco could be brought in to Selhurst Park to take his place. A move for Isco from Everton would depend solely on Frank Lampard's men securing their Premier League status. Lampard has shown a desire to hand second chances to players who have struggled for opportunities, something that could entice Isco to join the Toffees.