Princess Diana coined the term “grey men” to describe the palace aides that she claimed were watching her every move - an idea that was echoed in Harry and Meghan’s bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey, in which they decried these faceless staff members’ treatment of Royal family members. Now, argues royal expert Camilla Tominey, Harry once again invoked such imagery in an interview with NBC News.  Harry said that when he popped in to visit his grandmother, he was doing so to “make sure she’s protected and got the right people around her”. In an article, titled '"What Prince Harry meant when he said the Queen needs 'protecting'", Ms Tominey wrote: "The ill-concealed barbs in his latest interview reveal much of the prodigal prince’s true motivations." Ms Tominey continued in her piece for The Telegraph: "So what is really behind Harry’s latest intervention? Despite a supposedly 'amicable' meeting with the Queen and Charles and Camilla last Thursday at Windsor Castle, it seems there is still unfinished business for the 37-year-old royal." She added: “His words will no doubt provide a field day for American conspiracy theorists."  During the Oprah interview, Harry blamed the Queen’s aides for he and Meghan being uninvited from lunch at the Queen’s Sandringham Estate. He said aides told him "he cannot come to Norfolk", after Her Majesty had personally invited the couple to discuss their intention to step away from Royal duties. He added that the Queen herself then told him there was “something in her diary” that meant she was busy when they had expected to come – but that he didn’t “push” her because he “kind of knew what was going on”. Harry also seem reluctant to agree that “the Queen gets to do what the Queen wants to do”.  READ MORE: Beaming Queen in her element as she poses with ponies for birthday pic [INSIGHT] He said: “No, when you’re head of ‘The Firm’, there are people around you that give you advice. And what has also made me really sad is that sometimes that advice has been really bad. Ms Tominey said: “While one source suggested his comments will have ‘infuriated’ the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge, the consensus is that the barbs weren’t aimed at family." A Palace source told Ms Tominey: "'If in doubt, blame the staff’ appears to be Harry’s mantra.'" Harry spoke of his “really special relationship” with the Queen, and praised her “sense of humour and her ability to see humour in so many different things”, adding: “We talk about things that we can’t talk about with anybody else."  DON'T MISS: Prince Harry's family snub raises eyebrows with US TV host [INSIGHT]Energy crisis: Pensioners hit by ‘brutal reality’ of soaring bills [REVEAL]Mum angry as her 'ignorant' neighbours 'treat garden like living room' [ANALYSIS] However, he had no warm words for other members of the family, avoiding a question about whether he misses his father and brother to say he was focusing on the athletes of the Invictus Games at The Hague in the Netherlands. Ms Tominey linked Harry’s distaste for the Firm with his trauma after witnessing the media treatment and lack of support for his mother. She said: “As on Oprah, Harry once again seems to be trying to make a distinction between the Queen – who the couple have been at pains to say is blameless – and the institution of monarchy itself. “The duke also said there were 'lots' of issues to overcome before introducing his son Archie, two, and 10-month-old daughter Lilibet to their great-grandmother, casting doubt on the Sussexes’ presence at the Platinum Jubilee.” 