Omicron, just like other forms of Covid-19, presents with a number of symptoms. A study in Norway has discovered the most common symptoms of Omicron among the fully vaccinated. Their findings, published in the journal Eurosurveillance, identified eight key symptoms. These included symptoms that one may find in the common cold. READ MORE: New ‘killer’ cancer treatment stops one third of tumours growing  The main symptoms of Omicron were:• Cough• Runny nose• Fatigue• Sore throat• Headache• Muscle pain• Fever• Sneezing. Of these symptoms cough, runny nose, and fatigue were the most common while the least common were sneezing and fever.  Other public health scientists and experts have also added nausea to the list. The problem with this list of symptoms is that, unlike early variants of the virus that caused distinctive red flags such as of loss of taste and smell, these symptoms of very similar to the common cold. However, King’s College London Professor Tim Spector, who ran the ZOE Covid Symptom study said around half of new colds were probably Covid-19. As well as these nine symptoms of the Omicron variant, there may be two early warning signs that a person has the variant. Dr Angelique Coetzee from the South African Medical Association suggests fatigue and dizziness could be two signs a person may be about to test positive. She said this fatigue can present as pain causing weak or sore muscles, blurry vision, loss of appetite, or headaches. It isn’t the first time dizziness and fainting has been linked to Omicron. A study in Germany has suggested a link between recurring fainting spells and the Omicron variant. Meanwhile, the UK has entered the final phase of its Covid exit plan. As part of its living with Covid strategy, the government has removed all restrictions including the ceasing of free testing. The decision has been controversial due to the government’s lack of evidence for the move. Currently Covid cases in the UK are at record highs and hospitalisations are beginning to rise with deaths set to follow suit.