Michael Weatherly was best known for portraying NCIS Special Agent Tony DiNozzo for 13 seasons of CBS’s most popular primetime drama. Several years after saying goodbye to the role in 2016, the TV star has taken to Twitter to highlight one of his favourite filming moments with co-star Emily Wickersham. The ex-NCIS agent retweeted DiNozzo’s amusing yoga session with Ellie Bishop (played by Emily Wickersham) to his personal social media page on Monday. He wrote in his latest post: “You have found a great day on the set from NCIS. I thank you. “And so does @OfficialSting and his followers who are legion.” Michael tagged The Police frontman Sting after his autobiography was referenced in the clip in question. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces In the sixth episode of NCIS season 12, DiNozzo and Bishop enjoy a yoga break before the team is sent to investigate the murder of a Navy commander's wife. DiNozzo leads the session and instructs his fellow agent through a series of relaxing poses. A bemused yet impressed Bishop admits: “I didn’t know you practised yoga.” “Oh yeah. Balanced mind, balanced life,” Dinozzo replies to his colleague. “I’ve been reading Sting’s biography. He’s a Renaissance man," he adds. Their colleague Timothy McGee (Sean Murray) is watching on, and quips: “Please, I just ate.” To which DiNozzo retorts: “I reject your negative energy, McGee.” Fans loved seeing the classic NCIS sequence from several years back emerge and took to the comments of Michael's post in appreciation for his time on the series. DON'T MISS:Game of Thrones’ Maisie Williams ‘resented’ Arya role [INSIGHT]Stranger Things season 4 trailer: Eleven's new enemy exposed in promo [SPOILERS]Law and Order’s Dylan McDermott says fans will ‘forget’ about Wheatley [INTERVIEW] Lesley Evans replied: “A lovely scene! You practice yoga so well, Michael. Favourite pose? Please enlighten us.” Luz Angela Vallejo J said: “Oh, the good old days at NCIS! I love to see the reruns, but I also love Bull. Thanks for the memories. Big kiss from Colombia.” And Flaca pleaded: “Please come back DiNozzo… Bull was good but… it’s not the same.” Since his departure from NCIS, Michael has portrayed trial-science expert Dr Jason Bull in the hit CBS legal drama. However, the series was confirmed to be coming to an end with its sixth season later this year. Back in January, the network revealed the upcoming season finale would also be the show’s last episode following Michael’s decision to leave his lead role. He released a statement on Twitter confirming he decided to exit to pursue new creative challenges. However, there has also been speculation he could eventually reprise his iconic role as Agent DiNozzo as NCIS heads into its milestone 20th season after the summer hiatus. NCIS season 19 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA and is available to stream now on Disney+.