June Brown, who famously played Dot Cotton in EastEnders for 35 years, has tragically died at the age of 95. The iconic actress, who was the BBC soap's second-longest-running character, died on Sunday night it has been confirmed. Since the news of her death, tributes have poured in from fans and former co-stars, including Denise Van Outen. As the news of June's death broke, Denise, who played Karin Smart in the BBC soap, paid a tribute during her appearance on Steph's Packed Lunch. "There's a bit of sad, breaking news that has just been announced," Steph McGovern began. "June Brown. the actress who played Dot Cotton on EastEnders has died at the age of 95." As Steph read out a statement from the BBC about June's death, she said to Denise: "You worked with June, didn't you?" READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... Denise replied: "Yeah, I worked with her a couple of times in theatre projects. "Honestly, she was the nicest lady and so professional and so incredibly talented as well. "Because she played Dot Cotton for so many years, people actually thought she was that character. "But she could play any character, she was fantastic, a brilliant actress and so nice." Recalling the advice June gave to her during her stint on EastEnders, the West End star continued: "She said to me because I always try to take away some advice from an actress I really respect. "She said, 'The main thing is always to know your lines, if you don't know your lines, you always have to be professional'. "I will always remember that, lovely lady, sadly missed." As an image of June popped up on the screen, Steph proceeded to pay her own tribute to the actress. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise star Ralf Little on ‘vindication’ of Neville [INSIGHT]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [NEWS]Channel 4 air Grease despite calls to never be shown again [REACTION] June joined EastEnders in 1985 before taking a brief break in 1993. She then rejoined the soap in 1997 and remained a regular character until she left again in 2020. The news of June's death was announced by the official BBC EastEnders Twitter page. In a lengthy tribute to June, they wrote: "We are deeply saddened to announce that our beloved June Brown, OBE, MBE sadly passed away last night." The statement continued: “There are not enough words to describe how much June was loved and adored by everyone at EastEnders, her loving warmth, wit and great humour will never be forgotten.” “June created one of the most iconic characters in Dot Cotton,” the tribute continued. “Not just in soap but in British television, and having appeared in 2884 episodes, June’s remarkable performances created some of EastEnders finest moments. “We send all our love and deepest sympathies to June’s family and friends. “A very bright light has gone out at EastEnders today - we shall all be raising a sweet sherry in June’s memory. Rest in peace, our dearest June. You will never be forgotten.” Steph's Packed Lunch airs weekdays at 12.30pm on Channel 4.