Prince Harry, dressed in a black Invictus logo polo shirt and sporting a pair of wayfarer type sunglasses wowed the crowds with his wife in the glazing sun. Meghan Markle, this time dressed in jeans, a black tunic with gold buttons, and wearing a pair of aviator-style sunglasses was all smiles as she embraced the crowds at the event. The couple were photographed in mini-Landrovers as they were driven around a little track. The couple have embraced crowds since their arrival at the games, and following Meghan's kind gesture yesterday, giving her coat to a mother with a newborn baby, the Duke and Duchess continue their presence at the games with children in mind. In the first games since 2019, and Meghan's first visit to Europe in 2 years, the Royal couple mingled with athletes and spectators alike. Prince Harry is due to remain at the games for the duration, whilst the Duchess of Sussex is believed to only be staying a few days. READ MORE:'Beautiful!' Meghan and Harry spark Sussex fan frenzy - Invictus Games The pair are set to address the spectators, including members of the Dutch royal family and the Netherlands prime minister, at the televised event in The Hague. A film crew is accompanying Harry and Meghan at the games, as part of the upcoming Netflix documentary Heart of Invictus.It is the first show of their $100m (£76.5m) deal with the streaming firm, and is being produced by Archewell Productions, the royal couple’s recently launched television production company. DON'T MISS:Woman horrified to find car smeared with rotten veg [REPORT]Dartford Crossing closed and traffic diverted as 'woman on the bridge' [TRAVEL]Andrew Neil calls on France and Germany to pull weight in war [OPINION] While in the Netherlands, the pair are said to have VVIP status and Dutch police protection. They have cited security concerns as a reason why they were absent from the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service in London last month. Harry is bringing a claim against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the same degree of personal protective security when visiting from the US, despite offering to pay for it himself. The duke wants to bring his children to visit, but he and his family are “unable to return to his home” because it is too dangerous, his legal representative has said. 