Denise Welch, 63, has addressed rumours the cast of Loose Women are “feuding, fighting and clashing” in a humorous social media post. The actress took to Instagram, where she enjoys a following of 362,000, yesterday to urge fans to vote for the ITV talk show in the TRIC Awards. Sharing a picture of the Loose Women panel, Denise wrote: “Would you mind voting for @loosewomen in the @tricawardsuk please? “We’re all too busy, feuding, fighting and clashing backstage so we don’t have time.” She concluded: “Thank you,” alongside a string of clapping hands emojis. The Loose Women panellists have previously spoken out on speculation regarding feuds behind-the-scenes. Recently, Coleen Nolan explained that the heated discussions seen by viewers on the show are never continued once the cameras stop rolling. She stressed that despite having disagreements on certain topics, the programme’s panellists share a “sisterhood”. Speaking to Lorraine Kelly on her eponymous programme last month, Coleen lifted the lid on her relationship with her co-stars. Lorraine explained: “Like I said, you don’t always agree but you’ve always got each other's back. “It’s a sisterhood,” she added, heaping praise on the Loose Women cast. “It would be a very boring show if we all agreed on everything,” Coleen replied. Coleen also admitted that the panel's differing opinions is one of the things she “loves” about Loose Women. But she highlighted: “It ends at the desk, it never carries on afterwards. It’s great.” DON'T MISS...Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan 'struggling' on how Boris Johnson can survive after fine [ANALYSIS]Gilbert Gottfriend dies aged 67 following a 'long illness' [LATEST] In January this year, Loose Women bosses denied claims stars Nadia Sawalha, Stacey Solomon and Carol McGiffin were refusing to work with Coleen on the show. After seeing the reports, Coleen took to Twitter to set the record straight. She wrote: “Nothing printed today is true [and] I am taking legal advice about the slurs on me personally. We’ll also be addressing it on @loosewomen. Thanks for your support. Love Coleen xx.” Many of Coleen’s Loose Women co-stars defended her, stressing that they liked working with her. Janet Street-Porter said: “I love working with Coleen Nolan and we’ve never had a single disagreement- sorry if that’s not ‘news’ xx.” Brenda Edwards commented: “@NolanColeen it’s always a pleasure to hang with you at work @loosewomen and also out of work, you have always made me feel so welcome, and I appreciate the straight talking, fun friendship we have!! “Keep smiling in the face of adversity my lovely,” the ITV star added.