Dr Azeem Ibrahim, a former foreign policy adviser to the Biden campaign, told Express.co.uk that the country's budget deficit is too large for them to join the EU. The EU requires member states to have a budget deficit not exceeding 3 percent of GDP. But in the year 2020-21, Scotland recorded a budget deficit of £36.3bn, amounting to 22.4 percent of its GDP. The UK as a whole recorded a lower deficit of 15.1 percent of GDP. While the EU's rules were suspended as a result of the pandemic, as government spending soared, Prof Ibrahim noted that even before the pandemic, Scotland's budget deficit was still above the criteria. In 2019-2020, the year preceding the pandemic, Scotland's budget deficit was 8.6 percent of GDP. Speaking to Express.co.uk about the possibility of Scotland joining the EU, he said: "I just don't see how that would be possible.  "Scotland simply does not meet the criteria of joining the European Union. "Its budget deficit is 49.6bn dollars, which is 22.4 percent of its annual GDP. "And this is obviously exacerbated by covid, but usually it still hovers at around 10 percent. "And it simply does not meet the criteria to join the EU with those kinds of numbers. READ MORE: Sturgeon 'virtue signalling' in plans to scrap nuclear deterrents "And after the debacle with Greece and they had to be bailed out, I think the EU is going to take a much stricter line in allowing countries to join in those kinds of numbers. "So I just don't really see it happening." But Scotland's finance secretary Kate Forbes previously claimed that the country's deficit would not be a barrier to independence. She said: "It is not an obstacle to making the case for independence because deficits across the world have risen exponentially and having the highest deficit in Europe does not seem to be an obstacle for the UK government." DON'T MISS: Germany economy in tatters as Eurozone inflation hits new record [INSIGHT] Alex Salmond ordered to remove massive Yes sign from garden by council [REPORT] 'A gift to Putin' Sturgeon slammed for posing 'threat' to NATO [ANALYSIS] Nicola Sturgeon has said that her "strong preference and intention" is to hold another referendum in the first half of parliament, up to 2023. But Murdo Fraser, the Conservative party finance spokesman, said the SNP has "no obvious route to join the EU" if they break from the UK, calling the possibility "highly implausible". Prof Ibrahim also slammed Ms Sturgeon's governance, calling it an "unmitigated failure". He said: "With the current situation, it is purely ill-advised to pursue a referendum. "It seems to me it is very clear why the SNP are trying to pursue this and it is simply because they are trying to keep the base happy. "The reality is that the SNPs record in government has been an unmitigated failure. "In every single devolved area, the situation in Scotland is actually worse than it was before the SNP took power. "I'm talking about education, police, crime, health - in every area, the situation is actually worse. "So the SNP have to distract the populace with the idea of a referendum, otherwise, the attention will fall on their record."