Just Stop Oil activist Miranda Whelehan and journalist Lowri Turner joined Richard Madeley and Ranvir Singh on Monday's GMB to discuss the protests that were held across London over the weekend. The protesters demand an end to the fossil fuel economy but Richard skewered Miranda over claims of hypocrisy. Reading out a tweet from a viewer, Richard said: "'Everything these Stop Oil protesters wear or buy or eat is delivered or manufactured using oil and that includes the glue they use to stick themselves to the road with.' "What they're saying is that your protests by definition are massively imperfect. "The clothes that you're wearing to some extent owe their existence to oil because they were taken in a car or a truck or a van to a shop. "There are so many ways that oil impacts on your life as a protestor but you don't acknowledge that." Read more: Richard Madeley blasts Archbishop of York 'What about retribution? Miranda hit back: "We're talking about crop failure by 2030, we're talking about people in this country right now in fuel poverty because of the prices of oil and you're talking about the clothes I'm wearing. This is so serious." "To be fair up to now you've answered questions but that's a complete avoidance of the question," Richard replied. The GMB host went on to press Miranda on claims the activists are "hypocrites". Miranda continued to dodge the question and instead pointed out the reasons why she felt the protests were necessary.  She said: "I don't think any of us want to be disrupting people's lives but given the science and what academics are saying about what oil is causing around the world and in this country, this is the level of action that needs to be taken when our government is failing on their energy promises and climate pledges." "But you would accept wouldn't you that it's a very complicated discussion to be had,@ Richard began. "This Just Stop Oil slogan is very playground, it's quite childish. Just Stop Oil - there's more to say than that, isn't there?" Miranda replied: "The answers are very simple we need to stop new oil licensing and that's what we're asking. DON'T MISSGMB’s Alex Beresford announces engagement after romantic proposal [INSIGHT]Lowri Turner hits out at stop-oil protest 'Disrupting ordinary people' [INTERVIEW]Adil Ray blasted by guest for 'gaslighting' GMB 'staring' debate [VIDEO] "With the oil reserves that we have now and the oil fields that we have that are still going, that would provide us with eight years of oil if we said no to new oil and that's what we're asking for." "But how do the blockades aid that argument? They don't, do they? They simply cause nothing but disruption and you get a negative reaction," Richard questioned. Lowri disagreed with Miranda and branded the protesters "incredibly irritating". "The people that the campaigners should be focussing on is the Government, not on ordinary people," she argued. What do you think? Was Richard right? Let us know in the comments section GMB viewers were left divided by the debate as @only1poseidonio tweeted: "So, what if we stop using oil today, do they realise the consequences of that? Farming would cease, food transportation would stop, manufacturing of all goods and materials would stop in fact civilization would come to a standstill, its a great idea, NOT." @MoWMcCarthy argued: "If they want people on their side they need to start talking to the government. They would get more support from us that way instead of sitting in the middle of roads blocking ambulances getting to emergency’s." (sic) However, @flowerpressstu hit back: "Finally someone speaking the truth and being patronised by 3 people. Stop attacking her and listen." (sic) @WelshFizz said: "Staggering questioning from Madeley focusing on her clothes, she's pointing to the core issue which is that the UN is stating, based on science, that we're facing a climate catastrophe. Do your job and report on the IPCC report!" Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.