Ryanair boss Michael O’Leary said plans to cut flight compensation payouts in the UK are “sensible”. If the proposal goes ahead, British tourists could lose out on payouts for delayed or cancelled flights. Speaking at an Airlines for Europe Aviation Summit in Brussels, O’Leary said: “The UK Government is looking at changing Regulation 261 to something more sensible, to remove a set compensation amount.” Under current rules, British tourists receive payouts if their flight is delayed by more than three hours or cancelled. The policy is an EU law to protect air passenger rights, but could be changed in the UK by the Government. Following a consultation on Aviation Consumer Policy Reform, the Government is reportedly planning to cut payments to customers. READ MORE: Spain: Weather warning issued for tourist destinations Proposed changes would fix compensation to the price of a ticket, with a sliding scale of payments for length of delay. This could see customers lose out on payments if their holiday is disrupted by a flight issue. However, airlines could save tens of thousands of pounds as they would be required to pay out much less. O’Leary, a critic of Brexit, said he was loath to find anything positive in the UK’s EU exit but could see “hope” in a new compensation package. He said: “If Britain makes some effective reform, it could put pressure on the EC to do something. There is hope here.” Some airline bosses hope that a change to UK law could pressure the EU to make similar cuts to passenger payouts. Carriers have requested changes to the system for a while but have yet to see progress in the EU. Tour operators and travel agents would also like to see changes to regulations on disrupted travel. Currently, they must reimburse customers for cancelled flights even if the airline does not refund them. Johan Lundgren, easyJet chief executive, claimed: “It’s staggering that this has not moved forward. “Regulation 261 was drafted in 2009. It was badly written then, before mass cancellations. Things need to get a move on.” EU transport commissioner, Adina-Ioana Valean, told the summit: “Passengers need to have rights. “We are looking to improve Regulation 261. What we do will not be in line with diminishing consumer rights.” Which? Travel has warned that changing payout regulations would allow airlines to act with impunity. It said the current system of payouts discourages airlines from overbooking flights and causing disruption for passengers. It added that a cancelled or delayed flight can be extremely costly for passengers who may have to deal with knock on bills for cancelled accommodation and transfers.