It marked a further rise from the 6.2 percent figure in February, figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) today show. Financial analysts had forecast a rise in the inflation rate of 6.7 percent, however the reality exceeded expectations and became the fastest increase in 30 years. Further hikes in the inflation rate are expected later in the year as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is set to put even more pressure on households when it comes to gas and electricity bills. On the latest hike, Colin Dyer, Client Director at abrdn, explained: “This is now the sixth consecutive month of rising inflation, and the data tells a story of what millions are currently living – steeper bills on everything from petrol to food and fuel, and less left over at the end of each month to put towards their future. “Current conditions will be particularly hard for those relying on cash savings, which are at a real risk of losing value in ‘real terms’ as inflation rises. “To put this into perspective, £10,000 of savings in cash put away five years ago could now buy £800 less today – value that has just been wiped away by inflation’s attrition. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  “For all those at any life stage fortunate enough to have extra money that they can save, now is the time to make sure that they’re giving it the best possible chance of keeping up with or beating inflation. “With a new tax year having just started, this could mean making the most of new tax-free investing allowances and maximising potential returns on money through an option like a stocks and shares ISA.” Tom Birkin, Actuarial Consultant, XPS Pensions Group, said the latest record high will "hit the pockets of UK pensioners hard". He continued: "In addition, the UK state pension will increase by just 3.1 percent in April, less than half of the seven percent increase in inflation over the year to March, and well under the eight percent that pensioners would have received under the recently suspended triple lock commitment. "As energy prices keep soaring and the cost of living increases, UK pensioners will continue to be squeezed even further.” Chancellor of the Exchequer, Rishi Sunak, said: “We’re seeing rising costs caused by global pressures in our supply chains and energy markets which could be exacerbated further by Russian aggression in Ukraine. “I know this is a worrying time for many families which is why we are taking action to ease the burdens by providing support worth around £22billion in this financial year, including for the most vulnerable through our Household Support fund. "We’re also helping as many people as possible into work - the best way for families to gain economic security in the longer term.” This latest inflation hike means that the average worker in the UK is experiencing a real term pay cut. Overall, total pay increased by 5.4 percent per year in the three months to February, while regular pay jumped by four percent. Experts are confident inflation will soar even more in the UK, possibly to as high as eight percent due to the rise to the energy price cap at the beginning of this month. However, most countries are in the midst of dealing with the economic turmoil of inflation with the United States experiencing a jump to 8.5 percent last month.  Paul Craig, a portfolio manager at Quilter Investors believes the Bank of England has “underestimated” the true impact and likelihood of growing inflation rates in its forecast. Mr Craig said: “The Bank of England is looking more and more as if it is on the back foot in this fight against inflation. “While trying to remain coordinated with other central banks, it appears they may have been too late in tightening monetary policy conditions and subsequently inflation has spiralled out of control. “With the delicate market environment owed to both rising inflation, the uncertainty surrounding Russia’s war on Ukraine and now severe lockdowns in China, we could easily see inflation rise above the BoE’s forecasts.”