A senior royal source said seeing Kate stand in for Her Majesty at the event is being "seriously considered". The occasion would see Kate, 40, take the salute at the academy where her husband Prince William graduated as an officer in 2006. The event marks one of the most prestigious dates in the Academy’s calendar. It follows 44 weeks of intensive training and education where an Officer Cadet becomes a British Army Officer. Although she has no personal connection to the military, the Duchess of Cambridge has previously attended military parades with her husband Prince William, who is Colonel of the Irish Guards. She once accompanied the Duke of Cambridge to the parade which takes place three times a year, as Williams's then-girlfriend. At the time a lip reader decoded a conversation where she said she liked the blue uniform with the white buckled belt and sash. The Duchess has often accompanied her husband to medal ceremonies and regimental events, making her no stranger to the formalities. The Duchess has previously taken the salute at the Household Division's Beating Retreat on Horse Guards Parade in London. If Kate did stand in at the Parade, it could be considered a welcome tribute to the monarch who serves as head of the armed forces. READ MORE: US interview shows Harry's huge 'resentment' towards William The Duchess of Cornwall represented Her Majesty at the annual event that marks the passing out of Officer Cadets on completion of their Commissioning Course in 2016. Princess Anne has also filled as the Sovereign's Representative at the commission parade six times. If picked for this position at Sandhurst, it could suggest Kate will soon be handed an honorary military role. After retiring from royal life in 2017, Prince Philip’s Colonel of the Grenadier Guards position was inherited by Prince Andrew. DON'T MISS Sussexes UK return breakthrough as they may be offered security deal [REVEAL] Harry announces Invictus Games in Canada to 'reconcile indigenous' [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle 'seemed oblivious' to 'critical factor' for Firm [REPORT] However, the Duke of York was stripped of all titles and patronages amid the sexual assault lawsuit brought against him in the US by Virginia Giuffre. The Queen, 96, could re-allocate the role as she is involved in selecting colonels. If appointed, the Duchess would become the first female colonel in the regiment's 366-year history. If the monarch decides to bestow the honour on Kate, the Duchess would join the royal colonels who attend medal parades and events in the presence of the Queen and regimental gatherings, dinners and galas. Kate fulfilling Her Majesty's responsibilities could be a sign of things to come as in recent months, senior royals have stood in the Queen on several occasions. The monarch, who has been experiencing mobility issues over the past months, has been represented by other members of the royal household when she is unable to attend an event. Prince Charles took his mother’s place at the Maundy Service in the run-up to Easter. While the Cambridges were out in force representing the Firm at the Easter Sunday service at St George's Chapel.