The Prince of Wales met with Queen Letizia as the pair visited County Durham on Monday. Prince Charles greeted the Spanish royal in the town of Bishop Auckland, kissing the Queen Consort on both cheeks and her hand.    He welcomed her to 900-year-old Auckland Castle, one of Europe’s best-preserved bishops’ palaces, with Letizia arriving in an Audi A6 bearing the registration plate SPA IN. During the visit, Prince Charles, 73, and Letizia, 49, opened the UK's only art gallery dedicated to Spanish culture. The Spanish Gallery forms part of the Auckland Project, a remarkable regeneration programme bringing tourism to Bishop Auckland using art, faith, and heritage. It comprises a collection of galleries, gardens, parks and the spectacular Kynren historical re-enactment shows, which are staged during the summer.  The project was founded by philanthropist Jonathan Ruffer and his wife Jane. Sadly, Mr Ruffer could not greet his royal guests as he was self-isolating at a distance from the event. He watched from a window at his home, just near the castle gates. Queen Letizia wore a chic red dress, paired with a long black coat and matching red heels. READ MORE: Queen Jubilee 2022 dates: The four-day bank holiday schedule in full She looked sophisticated with a smooth half-up half-down hairstyle and sparkling earrings. Once home to the powerful Prince Bishops of Durham, Auckland Castle reopened on March 23 after undergoing major conservation work, which has transformed its state rooms back to their original Georgian Gothic splendour. The castle is home to 13 life-sized figures painted by Francisco de Zurbaran which were originally brought by Bishop Trevor in 1756 and have hung in the Long Dining Room ever since. Mr Ruffer saved the Zurburans from sale after making a £15m donation to the Church of England which kick-started the regeneration project. He also financed the new Spanish Gallery in the town centre, where Charles and Letizia viewed paintings including The Holy Family by El Greco and Cherubs Scattering Flowers by Bartolome Esteban Murillo. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan guests 'went off' at Sussex's [LIVE] Prince William thrashed out strategy to prepare Kate for royal duty [INSIGHT] Princess Anne's body language 'less assured' replacing Andrew - expert [ANALYSIS]  School children waited outside the gallery waving British and Spanish flags and cheered as the royal party came out. Auckland Project volunteer Ann Turnbull, from Crook, County Durham, shook Letizia’s hand. She said: “I thought she was wonderful, very classy, beautiful. “I said ‘welcome to Bishop Auckland’ and she said the gallery was wonderful.”  Queen Letizia also made the trip to the UK for Prince Charles' father's memorial service last month. Accompanied by her husband, King Felipe, she made the trip to Westminster Abbey for Prince Philip's Service of Thanksgiving last week. Much like other royals attending the service, she donned dark green in a tribute to the late Duke of Edinburgh.