Newcastle boss Eddie Howe has insisted that winger Allan Saint-Maximin has a long-term future with the Magpies despite being linked with a £50million exit. A report last week claimed that the Frenchman could leave as part of a 10-man exodus as Howe continues to refresh his squad.    Saint-Maximin has started the majority of Newcastle’s Premier League matches since Howe was appointed in November. The 25-year-old is only two years into a six-year deal signed in October 2020. So it was a surprise when the Daily Mail claimed last week that the fans’ favourite could depart in the summer. The report said that Howe seeks to refresh his squad with at least 10 players put up for sale, including Saint-Maximin. Aston Villa and Wolves were reportedly interested in the star, who was a £16m signing from Nice in 2019. However, Newcastle boss Howe expects Saint-Maximin to stay. JUST IN: Liverpool facing Gnabry headache over Bayern star's high wage demands  “Absolutely yes,” the former Bournemouth head coach responded when asked if the flamboyant attacker had a long-term future at St.James’ Park. Newcastle were thrashed 5-1 by Tottenham on Sunday and were particularly poor in the second half, conceding four goals. Howe was disappointed with the display and revealed he has changed his approach in the interim. The 44-year-old has warned his squad that they are playing for their futures, with Newcastle able to spend big in the summer. "I think everyone's always playing for their future,” Howe added. DON'T MISS...Chelsea ace Mason Mount has defiant message for Real MadridLiverpool facing Gnabry headache over Bayern star's high wage demandsArsenal 'make offer' for Real Madrid star Asensio in Lacazette hunt “Every day in training, I'm making assessments and judgements on character, on attitude, and that's where you really see what the players are like behind the scenes day to day. “My expectations on the training ground are very high. I want everyone to give their best in every moment so some players can find that a challenge, but that's what you need for long-term success so every day I'm analysing and making decisions about people's futures based on what I see. “You have to speak frankly and honestly at certain moments. I'm not one to talk for too long after a game because emotions are high and you can make mistakes. "But certainly, this week, without going into too much detail, I have changed the way I've dealt with the players because I didn't like what I saw in the second half and nobody connected with the club liked what they saw. It’s very important that second half doesn’t linger. I think we had to put it to bed quite quickly and while acknowledging what we didn’t do right. You certainly can’t let it fester within the group.”   