Researchers from the University of Swansea found that a longer index finger relative to the ring finger was associated with an elevated risk of hospitalisation from Covid. Moreover, hospitalised patients were found to have short pinky fingers. The study, led by Professor John Manning, examined the link between testosterone and Covid severity. Most commonly, men have longer ring fingers than index fingers due to higher levels of prenatal testosterone. Women, on the other hand, are generally more exposed to oestrogen in the womb, which could cause a longer index compared to ring finger. Professor Manning said: "Men who are hospitalised with Covid-19 tend to have very low testosterone and high oestrogen. "In humans, patterns of digit length give us clues as to testosterone levels during development, both in the womb and in puberty." READ MORE: Teenage girl develops appendicitis after holding in farts around boyfriend for two years Professor Manning added: "A short little finger relative to the middle finger may indicate low testosterone in puberty." There can, however, be differences in the index to ring finger ratio on each hand. And research shows that these differences tend to be more likely to occur in women. "We have found that in comparison to healthy controls [in addition to short pinky fingers]... the differences in right and left hand ratios are substantially higher." While this research implies finger length can determine how ill a person could become from Covid, it is only an "association". Covid illness The NHS has officially expanded its list of coronavirus symptoms. For a very long time, the three signs of Covid were: Now, additional symptoms of Covid have been recognised, such as: The NHS added: "The symptoms are very similar to symptoms of other illnesses, such as colds and flu." If you are experiencing Covid symptoms, you are strongly advised to "stay at home" and to "avoid contact with other people". The health body stated: "Take extra care to avoid close contact with anyone who is at higher risk of getting seriously ill from Covid. "You can go back to your normal activities when you feel better or do not have a high temperature." Free testing for Covid has now ended for most people in England. Thus, if you have symptoms of Covid, you are no longer required to verify the illness via a rapid flow or PCR test. If you are worried about your symptoms, it's advised to call NHS 111. "Do not go to places like a GP surgery, hospital or pharmacy," the NHS instructed.