Scottish show, BBC Debate Night, erupted into applause after an audience member criticised the leading Scottish party representatives. “Tonight we just seem to be hearing about everything that's going wrong with Scotland,” argued a young man in the studio audience. His claim interrupted a fierce debate amongst the five Scottish politicians appearing as guests on the show. “It’s all about the fact you can’t work together,” the man shouted down at the Scottish political representatives.    “It sounds like its a childish playground argument every time you try and get something done.” The Debate Night show had been the set of harsh debates, with the Scottish politicians interrupting and shouting over one another to answer audience and host questions. “The SNP say this is a great idea,” continued the audience member, “the Conservatives say it's not.” The debate appeared to be going round in circles as the speaker added “the Conservatives say this is a great idea, the SNP say it's not.” Read more:SNP savaged over failure to back windfall tax amid steep price hike The audience member pleaded with the politicians to put aside their differences to focus on problems that are truly relevant to Scotland. “Why can't we all just work together?” he asked. The man continued to demand the MSPs “do what you’re actually paid to do and actually do the best for the Scottish people.” He concluded that it really is as “simple as that” as the audience descended into a loud round of applause in support of his speech. The BBC Debate Night programme, hosted by Stephen Jardine, had welcomed five members of Scottish parliament to the show for a political debate. The guests served as representatives for the larger political parties in Scotland: the SNP, the Liberal Democrats, Scottish Labour, the Scottish Greens and the Scottish Conservatives. The pleading statement made by the man in the audience interrupted an intense debate surrounding the cost and environmental impact of traffic and road projects in Scotland. SNP member, Paul McLennan responded to explain the parties do effectively collaborate in committees behind the scenes. Don't miss:Boris rages at SNP's block on use of native hydrocarbons [REPORT]SNP savaged as A&E waiting times in Scotland hit record high [REVEAL]UK was first on Russia shows Scot and NI independence can't happen [COMMENT]  MSP for Orkney Islands, McLennan, agreed that much political coverage surrounds debates and disagreements, however he did assure audience members that Scottish politicians do work collaboratively.  