Elite has returned to Netflix for a fifth outing and the thriller has introduced some new characters. As students come and go from Las Encinas, viewers often wonder how long the TV show will continue. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether there will be another outing. Elite season five kicked off with some shocking revelations as Phillipe (played by Pol Granch) tried to patch things up with Cayenne (Georgina Amorós). Elodie then revealed Philippe is hiding the truth. The dark twists and turns continued throughout the latest season, leaving fans wanting more. Thankfully, they will be pleased to hear the show has already been commissioned for season six. In October 2021, Netflix renewed the series for the sixth time. READ MORE: Elite season 5 cast: Who is joining and leaving the cast? At this moment in time, an exact release date is yet to be revealed. However, some new cast members have already been announced, with some making their debut in the current season. Valentina Zenere stars as Isadora Artiñán, with André Lamoglia as Iván Carvalho, Carloto Cotta as Cruz Carvalho and Adam Nourou as Bilal. For season six, actors coming on board are Alvaro De Juana, Carmen Arrufat, Ana Bokesa, Alex Pastrana and Ander Puig. Who they will be playing is yet to come to light, but hopefully, more will be revealed soon. Along with the season six renewal, Netflix announced three new instalments of Elite: Short Stories would air. The short stories hone in on specific characters and delve deeper into their backgrounds and personal lives. Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the latest season. Leon Marco said: "#Elite5 is better than Elite 4 but man, the og cast will always have a special place in my heart." [Sic] DON'T MISS... Does Samuel die in Elite? [EXPLAINER] Elite season 4 ending explained: Who died in Elite season 4? [INSIGHT] Elite season 4: Why did Nadia actress Mina El Hammani leave Elite? [EXPLAINER] However Mike said [translated]: "What I like least about # Elite5 is when they want to make me understand that the characters have feelings. "It's super unreal within their unreality. I'm stuck here because it's a guilty pleasure that I can see in automatic mood without empathizing with them." The latest season ended on another cliffhanger, paving the way for some answers to be revealed in season six. The series continues to be a huge hit, but fans will always mourn the original characters who have left. At this moment in time, Samuel García (Itzan Escamilla) and Omar Shanaa (Omar Ayuso) were the only original actors in the series since the first season. The official Instagram account has been sharing updates and fans can check in for more information about the upcoming season. New episodes usually air once a year, so season six can be expected in 2023. Each season so far has been made up of eight episodes.  Elite seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now.