F1 bosses have reportedly replaced the Russian Grand Prix in Sochi with Qatar in a bid to break records. F1 had wanted a 23-race calendar for 2022 to become the longest-ever season in the sport's history. Russia was set to host a race at Sochi Autodrome at the end of September but their contract was cancelled with immediate effect after their invasion of Ukraine. Now reports from Dutch outlet NOS suggest F1 as a direct replacement has already picked Qatar’s Losail International Circuit to host its second race with a formal announcement expected soon. The track made its F1 debut last season, replacing the cancelled Australian Grand Prix in November. If confirmed for the end of September, Qatar would be the first of a triple-header of races with Singapore and Japan to follow. The Gulf country has already signed a ten-year deal with F1 starting from the 2023 season. This is tipped to be at a new venue with many some highlighting the Doha Corniche as an option. Qatar was expected to take a break from F1 in 2022 to focus on hosting World Cup which starts in November. READ MORE: F1 threatened with legal action as Russian GP chief makes statement Lewis Hamilton has spoken out against human rights abuses in last season's race which he went on to win. The seven-time champion also donned a special helmet in tribute of the LGBTQ+ community to raise awareness over discrimination. He previously said: “We’re aware there are issues in these places that we’re going to. But of course [Qatar] seems to be deemed as one of the worst in this part of the world. “As sports go to these places, they are duty-bound to raise awareness for these issues. These places need scrutiny. Equal rights is a serious issue.” DON'T MISSF1 issue new statement on Russian Grand Prix as contract torn up [ANALYSIS]Sebastian Vettel is still F1's leading voice against Ukraine invasion [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton's face-to-face meeting with Putin: 'It wasn't me!' [INSIGHT] The FIA had reportedly been in discussion with two countries over hosting a race since Russia was binned. Journalist Tobi Grüner suggested there were talks about a second race on Bahrain’s outer loop. The Sakhir GP plays host to this layout in 2020 with a shock win for Racing Point’s Sergio Perez. Portimao circuit owner Paulo Pinheiro also pushed to host a Portuguese Grand Prix after slots in 2020 and 2021. It has also been reported Malaysia’s Sepang Circuit, China’s Shanghai International Circuit or Turkey’s Istanbul Park could have also hosted raced in the available slot.