Tumble dryers are fantastic time-savers when it comes to household chores - but they can also be fantastic contributors to drying up your wallet. While energy prices are surging by 54 percent, if these appliances were costly before, they’ll be even more so now. Devices that produce heat typically use up more energy than those that produce light or sound, so using the tumble dryer effectively could make for a great energy bill saving. Different household appliances use up different volumes of energy, meaning the costs of running each can vary. Devices that produce heat - like kettles, microwaves, and tumble dryers - use up a lot more energy than those that produce light or sound. So, if you’re looking for ways to cut costs, you want to be turning to your heated appliances. Nearly three out of five households in the UK own a tumble dryer, which makes for over half of the population using electricity to dry their clothes, according to the Office of National Statistics. So, if half the population can find ways to more efficiently dry their clothes, it would have a sizeable impact on not only their own bills, but also on the wider environment. The less energy used, the less energy is needed to be generated, meaning fewer toxic fumes, animals and ecosystems can be spared, and limited natural resources can be better conserved.  READ MORE: Energy saving tips: Household gadgets to avoid leaving on standby  If you’re searching for ways to save some pennies while simultaneously saving the planet, an easy way to do so is to better manage your tumble dryer usage. Electricity is sold by the kilowatt-hour (kWh), but this is usually referred to as ‘units’ on your electricity bill. Electrical appliances each have a power rating on the label, usually given in watts (W) or kilowatts (kW), which will tell you how much electricity it uses to work. The amount of electricity it uses depends on how long you use it, and this is measured in kilowatt-hours (kWh). According to Energy Saving Trust, each tumble dryer cycle uses around 4.5kWh.  An average drying cycle can range from anything between 30 minutes (with a good tumble dryer) to 100 minutes. So, if we work the cost out for a 50-minute spin, the total would equate to £1.05 per cycle, based on the now average electricity unit rate of 28p per kWh. Again, costs can vary depending on the type of tumble dryer you own. Vented and condensed tumble dryers tend to be more expensive to run, whereas heat pump dryers work out slightly cheaper. If you’re using the tumble dryer multiple times a week with varying loads, the costs can rack up. But you know what they say, if you look after the pennies, the pounds will look after themselves. Here are a few ways you can save some money when drying your clothes - both with and without a tumble dryer.  DON'T MISS: Is it cheaper to have a bath or a shower? [ANALYSIS]Energy loan: Eligibility, can you decline - the key things to know [EXPLAINED]Cost of living crisis: Exactly how much has your food bill risen? [INSIGHT]    Fuller loads will reduce the number of times you use the tumble dryer. Although it makes the spin heavier, meaning a more lengthy time in use, it’s actually much more efficient to use it this way. Smaller loads use just over half the energy, so if you’re doing two or three small ones instead of one big one, you could effectively be using up more energy. It’s also important to untangle your washing before putting it in the dryer. This will allow the hot air to better flow through the clothes and dry them quicker. The lint filter collects fluff from your clothes - sometimes a very surprising amount. If this gets blocked, the hot air won’t be able to circulate as freely. It can actually become flammable if you let it build up too much, so it’s best to just clear it as soon as possible.  Make sure your tumble dryer isn’t placed in a damp, poorly ventilated room. This will also contribute to energy usage, as it’ll have to work harder to effectively dry your clothes. So, make sure its surroundings are warm and dry for more efficient spins. Most modern tumble dryers have a little sensor that detects when clothes are dry, but sometimes, it's not as accurate as we’d like it to be. Choose the programme that most accurately fits the load to avoid the tumble dryer spinning for longer than necessary, or less than necessary, which would cause you to have to run the load again. There is simply no better cost-saver in this field than using a good, old fashioned clothes airer or washing line. It may take a little longer, but you won’t have to faff around with maths, figuring out units per kilowatt-hour, fiddling with settings and fabric types - and most importantly of all, they're free to use. 