France goes to the polls on Sunday for the first round of voting in the presidential election before the head-to-head runoff takes place on April 24. Centrist incumbent Emmanuel Macron leads a field of 12 candidates, including his rival from the election five years ago, Marine Le Pen. The far-right challenger, who faced Mr Macron in the runoff at the last election, is currently closing the gap between herself and him. She has focused on core domestic issues such as the cost of living crisis, and has rowed back on some of her more outlandish promises from her 2017 campaign, such as pulling France out of the eurozone. Meanwhile, Mr Macron has been heavily preoccupied by Russia’s ongoing invasion of Ukraine, which began on February 24. The French President has spoken to his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin a dozen times in a bid to end the conflict. Just days after Russia started the war, Putin put Russia’s nuclear weapons forces on “high alert”. Such aggressive military decisions will be present in the minds of the French electorate when they cast their ballots this Sunday, according to Michael Bruter, Professor of political science and European politics at the London School of Economics. JUST IN: Lord Frost warns 'ultra-Remainers' are plotting to drag Brexit Britain closer to Brussels The political scientist, who is director of the Electoral Psychology Observatory, said the French, like other Europeans, were “worried” about the spectre of nuclear warfare. He told Express.co.uk: “They care about the situation in Ukraine, of course, as we do everywhere. “I think that can be risky in the sense of being worried about it. “I think that there is a general sense in European public opinion in general – just as true in Poland or in Italy as it would be in France – that Putin will not stop at anything. “That somehow this will have to be resolved one way or another. “There is definitely a sense of worry about Putin attacking civilians and about him potentially using chemical weapons or even – God forbid – nuclear weapons.” The political expert claimed that Mr Macron’s attempts at diplomacy during the Ukraine war may appeal to voters concerned about the conflict who do not want a change of leadership during the crisis. He said: “It is such a major conflict and the second major crisis coming after the COVID-19 crisis. “There is a sort of intuitive feeling by many people who would have considered some of the alternatives to Macron in the last few weeks before Ukraine. “But now they feel that it is just not the time to change the captain. DON'T MISS: ‘We voted for Brexit, we got BRINO!’ Leavers rally against Boris Johnson [LATEST]Eric Zemmour's dream of 'French Putin' unearthed ahead of crucial election [INSIGHT]Margaret Thatcher got ‘Iron Lady’ nickname from Soviet newspaper: ‘Not an insult’ [ANALYSIS] “You don’t do that in the middle of a crisis. You don’t do it in the middle of a war. “Also, Macron is by far perceived as the most reliable crisis manager of all the candidates.” Prof Bruter said that despite Mr Macron being unable to convince Putin to halt the war, the French leader is seen as a figure who is able to deal with a crisis. He said: “I think that he is benefiting from the current situation because he is seen as somebody who is great at dealing with a crisis. “I think that is the bottom line. “He is seen as the sort of guy you want on your team when you are facing really difficult situations. “You will never really hear him say, ‘I am the most influential leader in Europe’. “He doesn’t say those things, but people get that impression very much.”