Arsenal have confirmed Takehiro Tomiyasu will miss at least the next two matches as he continues his recovery from a calf injury. Meanwhile, Thomas Partey is being assessed after injuring his thigh in Monday's 3-0 loss at Crystal Palace. Arsenal have also announced that Kieran Tierney is likely to be out for the remainder of the season. Tierney returned from international duty with Scotland with a knee problem and will undergo surgery this week. Tomiyasu has not played for Arsenal since the Carabao Cup semi-final second leg defeat to Liverpool in January. The Japan star suffered a calf issue and then injured his other calf when closing in on a return in February. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta said last week that Tomiyasu was "close" to a return and was set to join in with training. But an official update from the club website says Tomiyasu will not be in full training until at least after the match at Southampton on April 16. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel warned he could be 'made to look stupid' by Timo Werner  That means he will at least miss Saturday's visit of Brighton and the trip to St Mary's. Partey, meanwhile, will be assessed in the coming days. After the loss at Selhurst Park, Arteta hinted it would not be good news over the Ghanaian's fitness. He said: "I don’t know, but he felt something in the same area that he got injured previously, so it’s a big concern." Granit Xhaka was used at left-back in the second half against Palace following a poor first-half showing from Nuno Tavares. But Partey's injury now reduces Arteta's options in midfield, meaning Xhaka may have to stay in his usual position. That means Tavares is likely to retain a starting spot against Brighton on Saturday. Asked why he took the Portuguese left-back off at half-time, Arteta said: "Today was just a tactical reason for how I wanted to do it with what Palace was doing and how we could attack and control the game much better in that position. DON'T MISSEverton slammed for 'rookie manager' Frank Lampard's 'chaotic' tactics [QUOTES]Man City performed 'chess move' by tricking Man Utd into signing Cristiano Ronaldo [OPINION]Man Utd players being ‘split’ over Erik ten Hag speaks volumes about the squad [OPINION]  "We wanted to put another attacking midfielder with Emile [Smith Rowe] in that space and that was the only reason. I’m sorry that it was Nuno again, but we had to do it." Goals from Jean-Philippe Mateta, Jordan Ayew and Wilfried Zaha condemned Arsenal to a potentially damaging defeat. The Gunners remain fifth in the Premier League table, level on points with Tottenham with a game in hand. However, the mounting injury problems are sure to be of concern to Arteta. Arsenal still face trips to West Ham, Chelsea and Spurs before the end of the season, as well as welcoming Manchester United to the Emirates. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 