Cleaner Hailey Becnel, runs the Instagram account @thecleaningchannel. She also posts her cleaning expertise on her TikTok account, The Cleaning Channel. Hailey lives in Flordia. In that humid climate, she is all too familiar with the battle against mould in your property. She told Express.co.uk: "Mould can be a huge problem in humid climates. "I live in Florida and it's definitely an issue in my home." The cleaner has one product she relies on to eliminate mould in her home. READ MORE: How to remove an oven door: Viral video shows how to take out glass for 'easy cleaning' She said: "To prevent mould I pretreat prone areas with Microban. "This is a product that, if used correctly, can continue to kill and prevent the growth of bacteria for long periods of time after usage." Microban Antibacterial Multi Purpose Cleaning Spray cost £4 at ASDA, Ocado and £1.50 at Waitrose. The cleaner has a citrus scent and kills 99.9 percent of bacteria. To use it, spray it on the surface and leave it for five minutes. Then wipe it off with a cloth. DON'T MISSDo your clothes smell even after washing? Cleaner shares essential step [TIPS] Use a white vinegar spray after every single shower [CLEANING] Cleaning expert's list of daily jobs: 'Standard set of duties' [HOME] Mould grows in humid places, so if there is excess water in a property there is a high risk of mould. To avoid mould keep moisture out of the home. Firstly, check the structure for leaks, flooding or poor ventilation. Bathrooms are particularly susceptible because they become wet often. Make sure to use an extractor fan and keep your bathroom door and window (if you have one) open after use. Using a dehumidifier in some of the moistest areas of the home will help. Hailey previously detailed her list of daily cleaning jobs. The cleaning aficionado carries out these "standard set of duties" every day. She said: "This is perfect for any full-time workers or people who are short on time." Every day Hailey carries out the five tasks. They are making the best and decluttering, which she describes as "picking up items and returning them to their homes." She also wipes countertops, loads and unloads the dishwasher and spot sweeps or vacuums.