Emmanuel Macron is seeking a second term in office in the French presidential election this month for the first time in his life. The incumbent is widely seen as the leading candidate as France goes to the polls on Sunday in the first-round of voting. The centrist so far leads the polls and looks set to enter the second-round of voting in which two candidates will go head-to-head in the April 24 runoff. But his lead has dwindled in recent weeks while his main rival, the far-right Marine Le Pen, has enjoyed a resurgence in popularity. A showdown between the pair would mark a repeat of the 2017 election, when Mr Macron eventually thrashed Ms Le Pen after a period of uncertainty as to who would win. During this year’s bitter race for the presidency the two candidates have traded blows over pension reform. Ms Le Pen has blasted Mr Macron’s proposed shakeup of France’s pension system, which includes raising the retirement age from 62 to 65. Now, according to French political expert Dr Paul Smith, Mr Macron faces a huge “problem” due to his reforms being halted by the pandemic. JUST IN: Finland and Sweden could join NATO in weeks, says ex-PM amid sinister warning from Russia The academic, who is Associate Professor in French History and Politics at the University of Nottingham, has spoken in-depth on Mr Macron before. He told Express.co.uk: “The problem for Macron is that this crisis has completely derailed his reforms. “Normally it’s like, ‘I've been President for five years. These are the things I said I would do. “These are the things I've done; this is what I'd like to do in the next five years’. “There was always this idea in the back of his mind that this is a 10-year run, a first term of office and that will be followed by a second where we then push on. “That's been completely derailed by the pandemic.” Mr Macron confirmed last month that he would make a second attempt to reform the pension system if elected president. The government’s spokesman Gabriel Attal said it would be one of Mr Macron’s “priority reforms”. He told France’s RTL radio: “The president has always said that we need to work harder.” The French leader’s initial attempt to overhaul the system aimed to merge France’s 42 pension schemes into a streamlined points-based system. DON'T MISS: 'What's wrong about what I said?!' Sky News host erupts at Putin spokesman 'humiliation!' [LATEST]Energy POLL: Do YOU support UK’s investment in nuclear power? [INSIGHT]World leaders’ heights: Biggest names ranked tallest to shortest in revealing chart [ANALYSIS] However, the proposals were met with fury by trade union leaders and workers in several sectors who benefitted from the most generous plans. There were protests over the planned reforms in 2020 and they were eventually abandoned due to the outbreak of COVID-19. Although the pandemic has hindered Mr Macron as he seeks re-election, Dr Smith explained that he could also use it to support his campaign by touting France’s vaccine rollout. He said: “This idea that when they started the vaccination programme, they talked a lot in France about how successful the rollout was in Britain, and you can’t dispute that. “But there was always going to come a point where everybody else caught up. “He won’t necessarily look at the figures in Britain, Macron, but he will say ‘look, the COVID passport thing hasn't been popular, but people have done it. “The vaccination program wasn't popular but actually people have got themselves vaccinated.”