New Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag does not want Marcus Rashford to be sold. The attacker wants to stay at his boyhood club despite poor form having seen him linked with a move away from Old Trafford. And Ten Hag has made clear to United's CEO Richard Arnold, per reports, that he wants to revitalise Rashford's career in the north west. Rashford has scored a paltry five goals all season, and has gone from being a starting figure for the Red Devils to being on the periphery of Ralf Rangnick's squad. But with the appointment of Ten Hag, there is a renewed belief on Rashford's behalf that he can reignite his United career again and get back to his best. The Dutchman plays attacking football with an emphasis on the wide-men which should suit Rashford, and he could flourish under the new boss. And according to the Daily Star, Rashford is expected to sit down with United chiefs once Ten Hag arrives to talk about a new and improved contract. The Wythenshawe-born star is pleased with the appointment and is keen to work hard to see if Ten Hag can revive his flailing career. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims His current deal runs out in the summer of 2023, although the club have the option to extend that to 2024 if they feel he deserves it. And Ten Hag has told United CEO Richard Arnold that with Cristiano Ronaldo, Anthony Martial and Edinson Cavani all set to leave in the summer, he believes Rashford still has a huge future at the club. United's board will sit down with Rashford upon the start of pre-season to secure his long-term future at the club. And if he rediscovers his best form again in time for the World Cup, Gareth Southgate may well install him back into the England squad he has failed to break into since Euro 2020. DON'T MISSWest Ham star Nikola Vlasic in tears after Burnley's Ashley Westwood suffers horror injuryAjax chief lets slip on Erik ten Hag's Man Utd verbal agreement - 'We tried everything'Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims  Southgate is reportedly refusing to give up on him, despite Rashford not pulling on an England shirt since his agonising penalty miss in the final vs Italy. And the Three Lions boss will meet Rashford privately in the summer to find out just what is going on in terms of his woes. Barcelona and Paris-Saint Germain were interested in Rashford's services in winter, although that was purely interest as no bid was made. And United will hope to secure his services for the long-term and that Ten Hag can help him get back to his goalscoring best.