The Gypsy King appeared via video link as he spoke with Piers Morgan on his TalkTV show Uncensored about his victory last weekend. While discussing the fight, which saw Tyson beat his opponent in the sixth round, Piers couldn't resist asking the boxer whether he actually plans to retire now. Piers didn't seem convinced, putting to Tyson that his wife Paris had "given a look" to suggest her other half wasn't really planning on hanging up his gloves just yet. He said: "There was an interesting moment, Tyson at the end of your fight when you claimed you're going to retire. "Everybody was groaning, nobody wanted to hear that and your wife looked to me looked like she was saying, 'No, he's not', something like that. "She certainly gave an indication that she doesn't think you're ready to retire yet." READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry When asked about whether his plans to retire were true, Tyson replied: "Let me tell you something, Piers Morgan Uncensored. "This is the truth, the gospel truth, nothing but the truth - I'm done. "You know every good dog has its day, a great Roman leader said, 'There will always be somebody else to fight'. "When is enough, enough? I'm happy, I'm healthy, I've still got my brains, I can still talk."  He continued: "I've got a beautiful wife, I've got six kids, I've got plenty of money, success, fame, glory, what more am I doing it for? "You know boxing is a very dangerous sport, you can be taken out with one punch as we saw on Saturday night. "It only takes one unlucky blow and you may not get up, I'm quitting while I'm ahead. "I am undefeated and I'm the second man in history to retire an undefeated heavyweight champion." DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop host Jay Blades has DIY show axed by BBC  [NEWS]Louis Theroux ex-wife: Star’s ‘marriage of convenience’ in New York [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles speaks out on co-star's replacement [CAST] He went on to add: "I'm very happy, very contented in the heart with what I have done. "It's not about money for me, Piers, a lot of people in this world... everything's about money and more money. "I've got enough money, I've got enough of everything I need, I am a very simple man. I don't need tonnes of money to impress everybody." "I actually think you're one of the most fascinating people honestly, I've ever interviewed," Piers weighed in. "I think the way your mind works, I think you're quite a complex thinker or a deep thinker, you're highly intelligent and you do this incredibly violent sport, but that's why in a way, I do believe you," the host added. Tyson went on to explain that he has been on the road boxing for the past 10 years, and now he wants to spend more time with his wife and children. "At the end of the day, I don't have anything more to give," he admitted. "I have given everything I've got. "I've been a professional for 14 years and I've been boxing over 20 years or more, every good dog has its day and my time is to go out on a high." Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays from 8pm on TalkTV.