Boris Johnson looked set to avoid an initial fallout from becoming the first prime minister to be hit with criminal sanctions while in office over a birthday bash held for him in Downing Street against Covid rules. The Prime Minister, his wife and the Chancellor all apologised on Tuesday and confirmed they had paid fines imposed by the Metropolitan Police over a party held on June 19 2020 to mark Mr Johnson's 56th birthday. Reacting to the news, Mr Ferrari said: "Let's get one thing straight, if you are unable to say goodbye to your wife, your grandma, your loved one when it is now revealed that the Prime Minister was involved in a modest party then that is clearly unforgivable. "If you have a personal investment in this then horrific, unjustifiable. I get it. "They made the the rules and they did not abide by the rules. Unquestionably wrong. "But this was hardly a Berlusconi bunga bunga party, was it? In all honesty. "It is reported it lasted nine minutes with the birthday cake not actually touched. READ MORE: The 2 clear signs that Vladimir Putin is suffering with ill health "One plastic pot of salad, a plate of sausage rolls, a tub of chocolate mini bites and four cans of warm unopened lager. "The Prime Minister was there for less than 10 minutes on his birthday months after the man nearly died. "Isn't it now time for a reality check, there are quite a few things going on. "What's the saying from World War Two, don't you know there is a war on." It comes as Mr Johnson said it "did not occur" to him that the gathering might be breaching Covid rules, while Rishi Sunak said he understood that "for figures in public office, the rules must be applied stringently in order to maintain public confidence". But although both politicians said they now accepted the rules had been broken, neither appeared to be considering their positions, as they said they wanted to get on with the job. Cabinet ministers tweeted in support of Mr Johnson, praising his leadership during Covid and Brexit and also pointing to the war in Ukraine. Even the Prime Minister's critics appeared to accept that now was not the right time for a leadership contest. DON'T MISS Rishi Sunak considered resigning after partygate fine [INSIGHT]Boris Johnson praised for ‘amazing PR team’ amid partygate fine [ANALYSIS]Biden 'eating his words' as anti-brexiteer gang now seeing benefits [VIDEO] However, Mr Johnson did not rule out the prospect he could be fined again for further events. He is reported to have attended six of the 12 under investigation. Speaking to broadcasters at Chequers, Mr Johnson said: "There was a brief gathering in the Cabinet Room shortly after 2pm lasting for less than 10 minutes, during which people I work with kindly passed on their good wishes. "And I have to say in all frankness at that time it did not occur to me that this might have been a breach of the rules."