Real Madrid star Karim Benzema scored two penalties away at Celta Vigo's Estadio de Balaidos to haul his team through an almighty scare that might have left the door ajar for Barcelona to mount a late charge for the La Liga title. Despite having played at least one game more than the chasing pack, victory extends Los Blancos' lead at the top to 12 points. Madrid were still reeling before kick-off as an agonising 4-0 demolition at the hands of El Clasico rivals Barca was left to fester during the international break. Ronald Araujo and Ferran Torres were on hand two weeks ago to add to Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's Bernabeu double and compound their rival's misery. But it was Benzema who struck twice on Saturday evening to snatch three points from what looked to be a routine trip to Celta Vigo. The Frenchman scored two penalties either side of a Nolito equaliser to make it happen, which takes his season's total to 34 goals in all competitions. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'did not have high expectations' as side battered by Brentford  If Madrid had drawn and Barca went onto win both of their games in hand, Real's lead at the top, which has been healthy for most of the season, would have been cut to just seven points. And given La Blaugrana's momentum, exemplified by their 4-0 Bernabeu rout last month, Carlo Ancelotti and co may have been looking over their shoulder wary of a late Catalan surge. As it went, Benzema's heroics made sure that the title is still very much theirs to lose. It also extended his formidable run to 10 goals in his last seven games, with his only recent blank coming in the El Clasico defeat. DON'T MISSMo Salah will do 'everything on his part' to join Barcelona as Liverpool issue 'threat' [GOSSIP]Man Utd likely to do four things in potential Erik ten Hag announcement [COMMENT]Man Utd will go against 'Ralf Rangnick's recommendation' if Erik ten Hag is snubbed [REPORT] Saturday's trip to Celta Vigo served as more proof that Benzema is ageing like a fine wine, putting together perhaps his best season at 34-years-old. His exploits are not just limited to finding the net, either, as a boat-load of assists takes his dizzying total to 46 goal contributions in 35 matches. A double from the spot is nothing to be scoffed at as Benzema has proven himself as one of the best in Europe in that regard. Since the 2017/18 season, no player to have scored 12 or more penalties has done so at a better rate than the Frenchman as 17 of his last 18 have beaten the goalkeeper.  Things could get even better for Ancelotti's side as Barca and Sevilla face off on Sunday evening. The duo are their nearest challengers, and a draw could effectively put what remains of the title race to bed. Despite the increasing likelihood that they will fall short, Xavi is still held to have done a tremendous job since returning to the Nou Camp as manager earlier this season. While Madrid now look set to plough on and take the league title, Barca are considered favourites to lift the Europa League in May. 