Since the Child Trust Fund (CTF) was abolished at the start of 2011, parents have had to take the initiative themselves and open JISAs if they want a tax free long term account. Unfortunately, of the average 720,000 children born each year in the UK, less than 15 percent have a JISAs meaning that around 600,000 children a year could be deprived of the financial push the ‘CTF generation’ is enjoying, research from Beanstalk showed. Parents are urged to consider the benefits of opening a JISA as it could set children up for the future. To open one, a child must be under the age of 18 and living in the UK. In the current tax year, people can only put in up to £9,000 a year. If someone is considering opening a JISA, experts at AJ Bell have crunched the numbers to work out how much parents could save for their little one. For families who can’t afford to put away as much as £9,000, even saving £1,700 a year, or £142 a month, assuming annual investment growth of five percent, could add up to £50,000. READ MORE: Martin Lewis recommends overpaying mortgage based on interest rate but 'there's a caveat' This assumes that they are saving this money from the birth of their child right up until their 18th birthday. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Julian Robson, co-founder & CEO of Beanstalk App about the benefits of a JISA. She said: “If families are going to be able to work together to build a nest-egg for their children, I advocate four ‘golden rules’.” A JISA can be an 18 year investment, so Britons need to make sure they choose a JISA provider that gives them lots of flexibility and options in how they can contribute. FamilyShe recommended getting the whole family working together. Julian said: “We find lots of grandparents like the idea of contributing to their grandchild’s JISA precisely because it can’t be touched until they turn 18. “It really helps build a nest-egg – and means more to the child – knowing that the whole family has played a role.” FeesFees can and do vary; and if someone has a Stakeholder CTF already then they may well be overpaying. Even just saving on fees can “make a real difference to the pot at the end” of investment period. FutureShe continued: “Remember a JISA is a longer-term investment. “The Barclays equity gilt study 2019, calculated that shares grew by 4.7 percent pa over the past 50 years, with cash just 1.1 percent. “While historic performance is no guarantee of future performance, it makes sense to give the savings as much opportunity to grow as you feel comfortable with.” Making a child a millionaire through a JISA is going to be a “pretty tall task” for some families - especially with the cost of living crisis continuing to bite. If someone contributed £9,000 a year from birth until their child is 18, they would need to generate 17.15 percent investment returns every year in order to net their child £1million by the time they reach adulthood, Laura Suter, personal finance expert at AJ Bell explained. She said: “To try to make it more achievable to get to that £1million threshold, people could also save for their child into their pension too. “Even non-taxpayers have an annual pension limit and they can put up to £2,880 into a Junior SIPP each year, which will be increased to £3,600 when government tax relief is added. “If you max out the Junior ISA and Junior SIPP allowances, meaning you’re saving £11,880 a year, the annual return you’ll need is 14.2 percent in order to hand your child investments worth £1million at the age of 18. “However, the money in the Junior SIPP will be tied up until they turn at least 55, so they won’t be able to use it for decades to come.”