The Olympian demanded the Chancellor to show some "magic" to protect older Britons who are "struggling" on Tuesday's instalment of GB News. Akabusi told viewers Sunak needs to "think about what he is going to do" as the energy crisis begins to take its toll on the nation.  Akabusi said pensioners are now having to think about restricting their food and not having "niceties" as well as turning off the heating now. "But of course, they are going to have to put it on again in October when there is going to be another change in the price cap," he added. He continued: "Petrol is going up and it's not going to come down anytime soon. "You've got these people who have invested in the country, worked hard in the country, are getting to their autumn years and are struggling."  READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry   The former athlete added: "I know we have [Sunak] on the show later and this will be his opportunity to show what sort of magic he can do." He reiterated how the Chancellor has to look after the pensioners who are now struggling with the rising cost of living. "They built this country and thought in their golden years [the Government] would be looking after them and all of this [falls] on top of them," he stressed. "I've got no magic bullets here, but Rishi Sunak does really need to think about what he is going to do for these people."  Journalist Emma Woole reminded Akabusi the younger generation is also being impacted by the rise in energy bills. She exclaimed: "There are people with kids who are literally going around the supermarkets trying to save 50P here £1 there. "The energy price cap could be going up again by another £500." Energy bills in Britain are likely to rise this October as the Ukraine conflict weighs on wholesale energy prices. DON'T MISS...UK's economic rebound falls flat [LATEST]Rishi Sunak slammed amid ‘maelstrom’ of rising costs [OPINION]Redundancies rise as National Insurance hike hits [ENERGY CRISIS]  Monday's £5.55 a week pension rise has been wiped out by soaring inflation and spiralling fuel, energy and food costs. One campaign group urged ministers to introduce “an emergency support package specifically for older people”. Meanwhile, analysts have issued a warning over an increase in pensioner poverty levels and rising debt, affecting up to 12.4 million who claim the state pension. The average energy bill for 2022 is expected to rise by £693 which is more than three times the increase in the basic state pension and 2.4 times the rise in the new state pension.  Essential living costs of energy, food and fuel could rise by as much as £1,182 over the next year for a pensioner. Over the weekend there were warnings the cost of living crisis may worsen further with the Ukraine conflict hiking average energy bills to £5,000 if global supplies are disrupted. Labour Leader Sir Keir Starmer has accused Sunak of being "out of touch" with the public in the wake of the crisis. GB News continues on weekdays on Sky channel number 515 and Virgin Media 626. 