Sophie, the Countess of Wessex, and Prince Edward will visit the Caribbean between 22-28 April as part of a royal tour to mark 70 years of the Queen's reign. The couple are scheduled to visit Antigua and Barbuda, St Lucia, and St Vincent and the Grenadines. Their royal tour has sparked controversy and Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu savaged the tour on Friday's Jeremy Vine. Dr Shola said: "Reparations were given to the slave owners but not to the enslaved. "So this is what we are talking about, if they aren't ready to do that, what the heck are they [Sophie and Edward] going there for? "Let me tell you this, they say they are going there to celebrate the culture, future, and vibrancy of the islands - how insulting and disingenuous". The commentator claimed that "they don't need the Royal Family to celebrate them" as they are "celebrating themselves by themselves". READ MORE: Prince Harry says he is 'doomed' as he pokes fun at baldness during Invictus Games She concluded: "What they need and what should be done, not because they need it, but the right thing to do is for the Royal Family to address, truth, justice, and reparation". Edward and Sophie will begin their tour on Friday, April 22. The pair were due to visit Grenada but this stop on this tour has been postponed. Buckingham Palace have said that the couple hoped to visit Grenada at a later date. READ MORE: Kate set to swipe major role from Prince Andrew with Duchess aiming to make history The suggestion to postpone was made by Grenada after advice from the Governor-General, who is the Queen’s representative on the island. As of 21 April, Royal aides have not elaborated on the reasons for postponing. The tour comes after Prince William and Kate faced some criticism and protests on their recent Caribbean tour, with some calling for the three countries to become republics The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited Belize, the Bahamas and Jamaica in March. Andrew Holness, the Prime Minister of Jamaica, told the couple that his country was looking to a future without the monarchy. It was earlier reported that the Queen's position as head of state in Jamaica is at risk as the Caribbean nation plans to become a republic before the year is over. This could happen as early as August. During their trip, Prince William acknowledged the issue during a dinner hosted by the country's Governor-General. However, he did stop short of apologising for the Royal Family's role in the crimes. Following the speech, Jamaica's republican government is said to be “incredibly disappointed” that Prince William failed to offer an apology for Britain's historic role in the slave trade.