Erik ten Hag will remain in his comfort zone if he rejects Manchester United for RB Leipzig, according to Dutch football expert Marcel van der Kraan. The journalist claims Ten Hag will have a much easier time at Leipzig than at United, where he would have a "major" job on his hands. The Ajax boss reportedly has offers from both clubs to take over as manager from next season. The Red Devils decided last week that the Dutchman is their preferred candidate to replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick. However, Ten Hag is yet to decide if Old Trafford is the right place for him. Van der Kraan claims the 52-year-old is far more familiar with German football, having spent a couple of years at Bayern Munich's reserve team, and the language. Ten Hag will not accept United's offer unless his demands are met. Van der Kraan says he is more likely to get what he wants at Leipzig due to the structure in place at the Bundesliga club. READ MORE: Man Utd forward Mason Greenwood confronted by supporter as police investigation continues  He told Sky Sports News: "Well Erik ten Hag is a man who was born on the German border, he has worked in Germany, he knows the setup, he knows the league, every opponent, every club. It's a comfort zone for him. "England on the contrary is not a comfort zone at all. He's not as fluent in English as he is in German, which is almost his second language, and the job he has at Manchester United is so much bigger than at Leipzig. "At Leipzig there's a clear structure, the hierarchy is clear, the setup around the team is clear and the ambitions of the club are clear. At Manchester United he has a massive job, he knows that, he's been informed, he gets told by the media, he gets told by his agents, by the people around him. DON'T MISSChelsea's expected XI to launch heroic Real Madrid comeback with Timo Werner snubbed [TEAM NEWS]Arsenal chief Edu left with egg on his face after double Kulusevski mistake [OPINION]Dele Alli struggles blamed on Everton as Neil Warnock makes wild transfer claim [QUOTES]  "If he takes that on it is a major job and if you want to go into that job, everything has to be right. This is exactly where we can see the negotiations are taking so long. "Ten Hag wants everything right to be in place for him. He is having serious, I won't say doubts, but he's having serious thoughts about it. What is the right move at the moment?"  United currently sit seventh in the Premier League table, with Saturday's defeat at Everton putting a huge dent in their Champions League qualification hopes. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here