Some asylum seekers will be flown to Rwanda to have their applications processed, under new Government plans. Boris Johnson is set to unveil the plans on Thursday, before Home Secretary Priti Patel signs a migration deal with the African nation.  However, the Refugee Council criticised the policy as “cruel” and urged a rethink. Labour said the plan was “unworkable, unethical and extortionate” and even claimed it was designed to “distract” from Mr Johnson’s fine for breaking COVID-19 laws. The Liberal Democrats said the proposal would be “expensive for taxpayers, while doing nothing to stop dangerous Channel crossings or combat the smuggling and trafficking gangs”. But in his speech, Mr Johnson will argue that action is needed to stop “vile people smugglers” turning the Channel into a “watery graveyard”.  Reacting to the plans by the Government, Tony Smith, Former Head of UK Border Force, said on BBC Newsnight: “We have to find a way of stopping the boats because the numbers are going up. “More and more people are going to drown and this is human smuggling at its worst. “And I am afraid, if we don’t stop the boats, then more will continue to come, and more people will lose their lives. “So, we need to somehow break that supply chain and in an ideal world we would have come to an accommodation with our colleagues in France where we have had a third country agreement where people could be returned to France which is a safe third country.”  READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin declares war on US and NATO Thousands of people have crossed the English Channel in small boats from France to the UK this year. Last year, 28,526 people made the crossing, compared with 8,404 in 2020. Referring to the UK's referendum vote to leave the EU, Mr Johnson will say: “We cannot sustain a parallel illegal system. Our compassion may be infinite, but our capacity to help people is not. “The British people voted several times to control our borders. Not to close them, but to control them.”  DON'T MISS:Boris savaged for ‘using’ Ukraine to ‘save his own skin’ Boris Johnson did not flout Covid rules with ‘malice'Brexit LIVE: UK victory! Boris brings in new laws as Prince Charles On Thursday in Kent, Mr Johnson is set to announce plans to break the business model of people-smuggling gangs, step-up patrol operations in the Channel, and prosecute more criminals. The deal with Rwanda, which will reportedly cost an initial £120m, follows three years of promises by Priti Patel to outsource asylum processing to third countries and failures to strike deals with Albania and Ghana. It is understood that the deal will mean that people seeking asylum in the UK will face the possibility of being flown to a camp in Rwanda. 