Emmanuel Macron won the French vote by 58.55 percent. to 41.45 percent - a larger margin than expected. Congratulations and celebrations have been offered to the President, who will take on his second term as France’s leader - the first leader to be reelected in the country in 20 years. Boris Johnson said: “Congratulations to @EmmanuelMacron on your re-election as President of France. France is one of our closest and most important allies. “I look forward to continuing to work together on the issues which matter most to our two countries and to the world.” German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said French voters “have sent a strong vote of confidence in Europe today. I am happy that we will continue our good cooperation”. Italian Prime Minister Mario Draghi said the result was “wonderful news for all of Europe”. European Council President Charles Michel, as well as the prime ministers of Belgium and Luxembourg, were among the first to congratulate Mr Macron. Mr Michel wrote on Twitter: “Bravo Emmanuel.In this turbulent period, we need a solid Europe and a France totally committed to a more sovereign and more strategic European Union.” Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez said: “The citizens have chosen a France committed to a free, strong and fair EU. Democracy wins. Europe wins.” Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky offered his congratulations to Mr Macron, calling the French president a “true friend”. He tweeted in French: “I wish Emmanuel Macron new successes for the benefit of the French people. “I appreciate the support of France and I am convinced: we are stepping together to new common victories! To a strong and united Europe!” Jonas Gahr Store, Prime Minister of Norway, said France had taken “courageous decisions for the climate” by opposing Ms Le Pen, and had congratulated the French for choosing “liberal democracy over the far right”. From across the pond, President Joe Biden posted on Twitter: “Congratulations to @EmmanuelMacron on his re-election. France is our oldest ally and a key partner in addressing global challenges. “I look forward to our continued close cooperation — including on supporting Ukraine, defending democracy, and countering climate change.” DON'T MISSFury as Corbyn calls for NATO to disband [INSIGHT]Europe port chief admits trade 'better than expected' [REPORT]Macron victory marred by alarming polls for parliamentary election [ANALYSIS] Further away, Australia’s Scott Morrison welcomed the news Mr Macron had won. He said: "Another great expression of liberal democracy in action in uncertain times. “We wish you & France every success, in particular your leadership in Europe and as an important partner to Australia in the Indo-Pacific.” Even President Vladimir Putin of Russia offered his congratulations to Mr Macron. Russian news agencies quoted the Kremlin confirming Mr Putin sent his congratulations to the French leader - but did not report the contents of the message.