Manchester United reportedly used unfounded reports linking Zinedine Zidane to their vacant manager’s position as a way of appeasing the increasingly ‘concerned’ Cristiano Ronaldo. The Red Devils are finally close to ending their hunt for their next permanent boss, with Ajax manager Erik ten Hag expected to take charge at the end of the season. The Dutchman, 52, has a verbal agreement in place at Old Trafford and will become the fifth permanent United manager in the post-Sir Alex Ferguson era. A host of other high-profile managers were linked with replacing Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, including Antonio Conte, Mauricio Pochettino and Zidane. But United appear to have settled on the highly-rated Ten Hag in a bid to rebuild a faltering squad and bring success back to the club. Ronaldo, who has cut a frustrated figure of late after a dismal trophyless season, had reservations about a possible appointment of new Spurs boss Conte. The Manchester Evening News claim Ronaldo vetoed a move for the Italian. It is added that Ronaldo grew ‘concerned’ during the period of Solskjaer’s sacking in November. And ‘baseless’ reports linking the club with a move for his former Real Madrid coach Zidane were said to be used as a way of satisfying the Portuguese icon. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz   Ronaldo shares a fantastic relationship with Zidane from his trophy-laden spell in the Spanish capital. The forward was key in the Frenchman claiming three Champions League titles in a row during his first spell in charge at the Bernabeu. The 37-year-old holds Zidane in high-esteem after scoring 112 goals in just 114 appearances during his time in charge of Los Blancos. After leaving Real at the same time, Ronaldo spoke effusively about Zidane’s managerial credentials. “The confidence that a player needs doesn't only come from himself but also from the players around him and the coach,” Ronaldo said back in 2019. DON’T MISSRonaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten HagAntony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possibleMan Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players  "You need to feel like you are an important part of the group and Zidane made me feel special. He helped me a lot. I already had a lot of respect for him but working with him made me admire him more. That's because of what he's like as a person, how he talks, how he led the team and how he treated me." Meanwhile, Ronaldo’s own future is uncertain regardless of the impending appointment of Ten Hag. United are in serious danger of missing out on Champions League qualification and it is unclear whether the five-time Ballon d’or winner will stay at Old Trafford if the club are playing Europa League football next season.  