Mrs Hinch rose to fame when she started posting nifty cleaning tips and tricks to social media, inspiring an army of cleaning enthusiasts worldwide. The Facebook page Mrs Hinch's Cleaning Tips offers the ultimate hacks for household chores. Trish Smith took to Mrs Hinch's Cleaning Tips with a cleaning concern. Attaching a photo of some grubby tile grout, she asked: "Any tips for cleaning the grout on these tiles please?" As always, Mrs Hinch Cleaning Fans members came to the rescue with some handy hacks. Suzanne Sargent Wong stated: "My tenants left my grout like this and I used HG Cleaner and a scrubbing brush." READ MORE: House prices: The 10 UK property 'hotspots' Lesley Taylor seconded this: "HG Grout Cleaner and scrubbing brush - excellent results on my slate floor." Laura Jayne Mason agreed: "HG Grout cleaner is fantastic." "Cif cream and a brush works well too," she said, although she admitted it "took a few goes". Debbie Birkin credited the LandHope Grout Brush Bathroom Hard Bristle Brush from Amazon: "I bought this brush and sprayed the grout with Elbow Grease, then mopped with hot water. "Came up like new." Louise Bailey offered a cheap solution: "A mix of lemon juice, bicarb and vinegar - scrub in with small stiff beach then wash." Mandy Smy suggested: "Sprinkle bicarb, spray vinegar, scrub with a brush, wash off. "It might need second wash over when dry. I did five floors before selling up and it came up lovely." Sally Jennings resonated with Trish's problem but offered a solution: "Mine was 100 times worse." To get rid of marks on the tile grout that "looked like poo", she used Astonish Mould Mildew spray and a scrubbing brush - "looked brand new". Dannielle Braithwaite's secret weapon for tile grout is Forever White Grout Reviver 200ml Arctic White. She said: "Clean it as best you can then apply this. It's absolutely brilliant."  Kelly Catlow offered an alternative method: "I would just go over with a thin layer of grout but in a dark colour." Claire Adams suggested: "Pink Stuff paste and a toothbrush worked really well on ours." Jacqueline Claire Bonney's top tip was to "just leave neat bleach to work its magic - works wonders". Nicky Kelly advised Trish to use lemon juice - "works a treat". Tanya Crew offered a new hack, and attached a picture of sparkling tile grout to prove its efficacy: "I washed mine, then got a white grout pen from Amazon to brighten them up."