More families are being dragged into the IHT net each year as the threshold for paying the tax has not increased from £325,000 since April 2009. However, Britons can act now to make sure they pay as little inheritance tax as possible to HMRC. HMRC figures for inheritance tax receipts in March have been released confirming what many already knew. More and more middle income earners are being charged inheritance tax - a tax that was once only intended for the “truly wealthy”. Rising house prices are to blame alongside tax thresholds that are ‘“no longer fit for purpose” according to financial experts at Bowmore Financial Planning. Campaigners against the tax say inheritance tax thresholds have remained the same since 2009 - despite the fact that house prices have risen significantly. READ MORE: HSBC offers £175 to switch bank accounts - but only a few hours left Gill Millen, managing director of Bowmore Financial Planning, said: “Over the past 13 years, IHT has become a significant income stream for HMRC. “What was intended to be a tax only on the truly wealthy has become a general tax on ‘Middle England’ and the next generation.” She continued: “13 years ago £325,000 was a reasonable threshold for IHT. “That threshold is no longer fit for purpose and the problem is only getting worse as house prices continue to rise.”  DON'T MISS:Dragons’ Den cast ‘emotional’ after heart felt pitch for £60,000 [UPDATE]State pension: Britons urged to check National Insurance record [ALERT]Money making tips: One option sees pensioner earn up to £290 a day [INSIGHT] Ms Millen thinks the Government should look at increasing the threshold in line with inflation "to make sure that normal, middle class families are able to pass on wealth without being taxed unnecessarily". Inheritance tax (IHT) of 40 percent is usually paid when a person’s estate is worth over £325,000. A residence nil-rate band was introduced in 2017 which allows a further £175,000, providing residential property is left to direct descendants. However, the number of properties selling for more than £500,000 is increasing every year. These properties accounted for almost a fifth (17 percent) of all sales in England and Wales in 2021, compared to 11 percent just two years earlier. There are some tools and calculators on the Gov.uk website to help people work out their tax and potentially end up paying less. It could also pay to speak to a financial advisor who could save people money by helping them make use of all the legal loopholes. Typically, there are 10 inheritance tax loopholes Britons need to be aware of before doing their tax accounts. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea 10 Inheritance tax loopholes