Jimmy Savile was one of the UK’s biggest names in entertainment from the Sixties to the Nineties. Through his unique position as a trusted figure at the heart of British life, he abused hundreds of young girls and boys. The ‘Jim'll Fix It’ star had access to children and vulnerable people during his work with charities, hospitals, prisons and the BBC. The Leeds-born star preyed on victims as young as two, with the first record of his abuse occurring in Manchester in 1955. The disgraced DJ was finally ousted as a paedophile in an ITV documentary after his death in 2011. Although Savile was never prosecuted for his horrendous crimes, he dropped repeated hints over the course of his life about his actions. During a 1978 interview on book review show ‘Read All About It’, the entertainer admitted he would “go to prison” if he discussed his anecdotes. Savile was being interviewed about his new book published that year, ‘Love Is an Uphill Thing’. The programme’s presenter Melvyn Bragg said to Savile: “I enjoyed it enormously. JUST IN: Oil price crash: West plans emergency release giving hopes for drivers “Did you make up your mind that you were going to be totally honest, were there things you weren't going to say?” Savile replied: “The bits that I didn't say were only those which I forgot, which I've got enough for another book. “I like writing. I call it the magic of the empty page, which is a tremendous thing. “You can make people laugh. You can make them cry. You can make them happy, sad, whichever.” Another presenter then said he had enjoyed the stories Savile told in his new work. He told the star: “By far, to my mind, the best part of the book is the anecdotes, which were very funny. “I hope in the next one that you are going to tell a lot of anecdotes.” Savile smiled and laughed as he jokingly replied: “I would probably end up doing about 15 years in the nick if I did that.” One of the other presenters, Jacky Gillott, also said she felt as though she did not know who the real Savile was from reading his book. She said: “Yes, I enjoyed the anecdotes, but I did feel that I still didn't really know you at the end of the book.” DON'T MISS: Royal Navy fury after £250,000 worth of fuel stolen from warship in record-breaking theft [LATEST]Prince Andrew should NOT attend Jubilee celebrations: ‘Would bring down occasion' — POLL [INSIGHT]Energy POLL: Do YOU support UK’s investment in nuclear power? [ANALYSIS] In the footage, Gillot looked uncomfortable as Savile replied: “What are you doing after the show?” In a chilling reply, she then alluded to Savile having a dark private side to his life that was hidden from public view. She said: “Come on, don't sidestep. I felt as though you described a person who we, the public, know. “Is there a private core you really don't want us to know about?” Savile replied: “No, not at all”, and claimed that he did not keep “secrets” from anybody. The footage was included in the new two-part documentary, ‘Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story’. ‘Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story’ is available on Netflix.