Her Majesty, 95, contracted COVID-19 in February, and experienced “mild cold-like symptoms”, according to Buckingham Palace. In a statement, the Palace said the Queen planned to continue with “light duties” from Windsor Castle. They added: "She will continue to receive medical attention and will follow all the appropriate guidelines.” The Queen tested positive for the virus two days after her son, Prince Charles, revealed he had also contracted the disease. He had met with his mother on February 8, before testing positive two days later. A number of people within the Royal household at Windsor contracted Covid at the same time, it is understood. But during a virtual visit to the Royal London Hospital on Wednesday, the Queen listened to pandemic testimonies from staff and patients at the facility Marking the official opening of the Queen Elizabeth Unit at the hospital, the Queen listened as medical staff recalled their experiences being overwhelmed by Covid patients. The senior nurse recounted: "We held their hands, we wiped their tears and we provided comfort". Asef Hussain, who was treated for Covid in hospital in December 2020, spoke to the Queen about how he was the third person from his family to be rushed to emergency care. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry going to Beckham wedding would show 'lack of empathy' His brother and father sadly died while Mr Hussain was using a ventilator to breathe. Mr Hussain continues to need support to breathe after seven weeks on a ventilator at the Royal London Hospital, now using a portable oxygen machine. Speaking to Mr Hussain, the Queen commented: "It does leave one very tired and exhausted, doesn't it? “This horrible pandemic. It's not a nice result." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry snubbed over invite [LIVE] Andrew steps up horse riding after scandals [INSIGHT] Prince Louis & Princess Charlotte relationship echos William and Kate [ANALYSIS] At another point, the Queen mentioned the loneliness of the pandemic and how much of a toll isolation had taken on the population. She said: "Of course not being able to see your relative was very hard." The Queen, who is a patron of the hospital, listened to the anecdotes and hardships of all those who worked in the frightening and taxing conditions of the pandemic. She then praised the hospital’s “Dunkirk spirit”, saying: "Thank goodness it still exists." She added in a separate comment: "It is very interesting, isn't it, when there is some very vital thing, how everybody works together and pulls together - marvellous isn't it?" Since contracting Covid, the Queen has scaled back her public appearances, most recently cancelling her scheduled appearance at the annual Maundy Day church service on Thursday. Back in October, prior to testing positive for COVID-19, Her Majesty was admitted to hospital in central London and advised to cut down on royal engagements.