One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest almost didn’t star Jack Nicholson, who turns 85 today. Originally, Kirk Douglas had planned to star after the original theatre run but ended up being too old by the time it got going in the mid-1970s. His son, Michael Douglas produced the Oscar-winning classic and had director Miloš Forman consider the likes of Gene Hackman, Marlon Brando and Burt Reynolds before Nicholson was cast to play RP McMurphy, a criminal transferred to a mental institution to avoid hard labour. One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest was shot in 1975 at the real Oregon State Hospital, the setting of the novel. The institution’s director Dr Dean Brooks supported filming and ended up playing Dr John Spivey in the film. He would identify a real patient there for each actor to shadow, with some of the cast even staying overnight on the ward. Some of the mentally ill, who Douglas later discovered included the criminally insane, were even incorporated into the crew. Wanting One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest to be incredibly realistic, director Forman had his actors, who included Christopher Lloyd and Danny DeVito, in unscripted group therapy sessions. Here he would capture his cast both in and out of character, without telling them exactly when the cameras were rolling. Initially refusing to show them the dailies and how their performances were going began to irritate Nicholson and the other actors. So Douglas told the director that he must show them something to put everyone at ease, which he did. However, more problems would arise when Nicholson and Forman had severe creatives differences. Nicholson turned up with a big bushy beard on set one day thinking it would work for McMurphy, but the director disagreed. On top of this, the star didn’t like Forman’s suggestion that the patients would be unruly upon his arrival. Instead, the actor insisted that challenges to the staff’s authority should only begin after the crook arrived and started influencing the others. According to Harding actor William Redfield, confidence in the director has been destroyed when Dr Brooks fell out with him over the pill distribution scene’s rehearsal. DON'T MISSYou won't BELIEVE what the twins from The Shining look like now... [THE SHINING]Peter Fonda says movie legend Jack Nicholson is "basically retired" [JACK NICHOLSON]Next James Bond odds: The Downton Abbey stars ‘in the running’ [NEXT BOND] Production designer Paul Sylbert recalled: “It was bedlam. Miloš was having them drag these patients to the pills, it was just like they were doing a 19th century madhouse.” Allegedly, some of the real patients had been forced out of their wheelchairs and pulled across the floor. Dr Brooks yelled: “This has got to stop! This has got to stop! You have been here for weeks, months, don’t you have any idea how an institution is run?” As a result, Redfield said Nicholson would rehearse scenes for the following day with the actors in the room where they played poker in the movie. Essentially he was now their director and refusing to speak to Forman at all. This was confirmed by cinematographer Bill Butler, who had replaced the fired Haskell Wexler – allegedly terminated over creative differences – right near the end of filming. The new DP confirmed to Sylbert: “Yes. He never talked to Milos at all, he only talked to me.” Since Nicholson was unwilling to speak to Foreman he would seek guidance from Wexler and then Butler, seeing how they would respond to his performance. The two cinematographers, who were jointing nominated for the Oscar, ended up being the middle man between the star and director until the shoot was completed. SOURCE SOURCE