Talk TV is the new network launching on all major TV platforms on April 25. The forthcoming channel is operated by News UK and it will also be available on Amazon Fire TV and YouTube. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the new schedule, including when Piers Morgan's show will air. The channel's launch will begin at 7pm with the programme The News Desk. The current affairs show will be hosted by Tom Newton Dunn and it will address news relevant to UK viewers in a "straight and balanced way". News UK EVP, President of Broadcasting, Scott Taunton said: “Launching at 7pm on Monday, April 25, TalkTV will be a new voice for viewers who are interested in straight-talking opinions and world-class expert insight on news and current affairs." This show will be followed by Piers Morgan Uncensored at 8pm. READ MORE: Lorraine pokes fun at Piers Morgan ahead of ITV return The global show is fronted by the former Good Morning Britain presenter himself. The network's flagship primetime show has already received plenty of attention and viewers can expect some huge names to take part. In a global first, the hour-long segment will be broadcast on weeknights in the US on Fox Nation and in Australia via Sky News Australia. Following Piers, the equally as outspoken Sharon Osbourne will appear alongside a panel of famous faces. She will front The Talk at 9pm, which will feature five panellists all with different views. They will cover everything from entertainment, to crime and sport. Talk TV will include contributions from a whole host of highly-esteemed names including Adam Boulton and Kate McCann. Other hosts include Anas Sarwar, Bim Afolami, Emily Sheffield, Grace Blakeley, Isabel Oakeshott, James Slack, Miatta Fahnbulleh and Tan Dhesi. There is an extensive roster of daytime content, which will also air on TalkRadio. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan scoffs at idea Prince Harry keeps Queen 'protected’ [INSIGHT] Piers Morgan pens emotional note to Ronaldo after son's tragic death [DISCUSSION] Lorraine Kelly aims dig at Piers Morgan ‘managing to get another job' [VIDEO] As for how viewers can watch Talk TV, the network will be available on Sky (channel 526), Virgin Media (channel 627), Freeview (channel 237) and Freesat (channel 217). For those wishing to stream online, they can access the channel via Amazon Fire TV and Apple TV. The network is also available on Samsung TV Plus, YouTube and the Talk TV website. There will be plenty of content via social media on the channel's Facebook, Instagram and Twitter accounts. Piers Morgan is making his highly-anticipated return to TV screens after leaving Good Morning Britain in March 2021. His exit came after an on-air feud with weather presenter Alex Beresford. Piers has been giving viewers insight into what they can expect from his new show on Twitter. He recently shared photos of his new studio and is inviting members of the public to send in any questions. Piers has already shared some footage featuring debates about Boris Johnson, Rishi Sunak and Nicki Minaj.   Talk TV launches at 7pm on Monday, April 25. Viewers can tune in via Sky (channel 526), Virgin Media (channel 627), Freeview (channel 237) and Freesat (channel 217). Talk TV will also be streamed via Amazon Fire TV, Apple TV, Samsung TV Plus (channel 4316) and YouTube.