The Good Morning Britain presenter debated whether shirking domestic chores should become a criminal offence with cleaning expert Aggie Mackenzie and historian Dr Tessa Dunlop on the ITV show. The discussion soon became heated as the guests clashed over the proposal, with Richard and Aggie branding the concept "crazy" and "nonsense". Aggie and Tessa appeared on Good Morning Britain after a survey revealed almost 50 percent of French people would support a proposal to make avoiding chores a crime.Richard began by saying the idea was "absolute nonsense" to his guests and viewers at home.He added: "Can you imagine going down to the police station and being arrested and being charged. What would the charge be?" Aggie chimed in: "I am completely with you Richard, it is about educating not legislating." Richard, who was still baffled Tessa wanted to make avoiding housework a criminal offence, asked: "But you are serious about this?" A ruffled Tessa replied: "Let's flip the argument on its head, we enshrined in law the idea of equal pay before I was even born in 1970 and we still haven't achieved equal pay and women are stilled paid about 10 percent less for doing the same job despite all our best efforts. "All the research says until you have equality in the domestic space, until men are doing their fair share of work in the domestic space you will not get equality."  But Richard rebuked her claims and told viewers she had made a "false analogy" before the argument escalated further. "It's not a false analogy," Tessa fumed in response to Richard's comment. Aggie, who strongly disagreed with Tessa, told her the police had "better things to do" than arrest people for not doing their share of the housework. The How Clean Is Your House? star added: "How do you even measure it? It's just crazy. It's about respecting your partner and respecting yourself."  DON'T MISS...Gary Lineker slams Richard Madeley over ‘patronising’ GMB interview [LATEST]Richard Madeley says police didn’t investigate when thieves took car [INSIGHT]Richard Madeley blasts Archbishop of York 'What about retribution? [VIDEO] She stressed people just need to know how to clean up after themselves and said no criminal action should be required. The debate divided viewers and many took to Twitter to express their views on the proposal. Hay JR fumed: "Ridiculous. Police haven't even got time to deal with actual crimes and you want to add this ridiculous non-crime to their workload. Me and my husband work as a team we are a partnership, I cook he washes up, I dust, he hoovers, he collects the laundry I wash it etc." (sic) @BedfordBee69 remarked: "Good grief, I would like to think any normal couple share the household chores on a day to day basis. Due to my health issues, I’m unable to do much, but doing the washing up and cleaning, the kitchen is literally my job. I would love to do more, but I’m not able to do more."  Nicki quipped: "That's silly, if the person you live with is lazy, trade them in for someone who isn't!" Chris Graham joked: "Image being thrown in the slammer for crimes against Mr Sheen! Police dusting for prints around the white outline of where a dust cloth was murdered." However, Kristina Masters agreed with Tessa, adding: "I totally agree, I was expected to do all the chores even when I went back to work and all childrearing was left to me whilst my ex took no responsibility at all and did his own thing." Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays between 6am and 9am. 