Influencer Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became popular after sharing her clever cleaning tips and recommendations online and on TV. The cleaning guru has managed to gain over 4.4 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips, one of which includes hacks to unblock drains. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips and tricks Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to fix her slow-draining pipes. Samantha Chudleigh wrote: “Any ideas to help with slow draining pipes in the shower? “We do use Mr Buster Drain Unblocker which helps for a couple of days but then starts doing this again. It’s so expensive to buy all the time. Any tips?” Shower drains in particular typically become clogged up with product, hair, and dirt over time - no matter how careful homeowners are. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove limescale deposits from your taps A blocked drain can quickly turn a relaxing evening shower into a dreaded chore. Gathered dirt and product will prevent running water from being flushed down the drain, leaving a pool of dirty water stagnant in the basin of the shower. Dislodging a blocked drain can be easy to do yourself and doesn’t have to involve a whole array of shop-bought cleaning products. Fortunately, over 100 Mrs Hinch fans took to the comments to share their top tips. DON'T MISS: Garden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay [TIPS]Mould: Best houseplants to get rid of mould in your bathroom [COMMENT]Gardening: Household drinks as a ‘great alternative’ to weed killers [EXPERT] According to the cleaning enthusiasts, the one product needed to unblock drains is a tube of “hair removal cream”. Sharon Murphy said: “Someone on here suggested hair removal cream and oh my god they are brilliant! Just pop a tube of the cream down and leave it to work it’s magic.” Louise Metcalfe commented: “As I have lots of hair that gets trapped in my drain I use hair removal cream to properly unblock them. Honestly it dissolves the hair in seconds.” Carol Barnett replied: “Hair removal cream, I tried it and it worked great, was so quick at unblocking my drains.” Gemma wright advised: “If it's a hair blockage that’s not accessible try hair removal cream like Nair etc it will dissolve the hair. “Squirt the whole tube down the plughole and leave for a few hours before rinsing.” Zoe Morgan suggested: “Use hair removal cream for drains with hair in them. It doesn’t affect the pipe but dissolves the hair.” Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using baking soda and white vinegar to unblock drains. Glyneth Fisher said: “Baking soda in plughole, then pour a cup of white vinegar over the baking soda. “It dissolves all the grease and allows the other stuff easy transit.” Mandy Clarke commented: “White vinegar and baking soda are great for unblocking drains and works just as well as store cleaning products, if not better.” As the baking soda causes a lot of fizzing, Stephanie Taylor suggested “putting the plug in for a few minutes then boil a kettle and pour it down it.”