Prince Charles is expected to give a speech during the Platinum Party taking place at Buckingham Palace on June 4. The Prince of Wales will reportedly thank his mother for her life-long service to the Crown and country. The Party is a concert, to be aired by the BBC, featuring an array of artists, a live full orchestra and entertainers from around the world. The heir to the throne delivered a similar speech also at the concerts held in 2002 and 2012 to mark the Queen's Golden and Diamond jubilees respectively. On both occasions, he started his speech by addressing the Queen directly saying: "Your Majesty... Mummy." A decade ago, the Prince of Wales paid tribute not just to the sovereign but also to Prince Philip for their shared sense of duty. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here He said: "As a nation, this is our opportunity to thank you and my father for always being there for us. "For inspiring us with your selfless duty and service and for making us proud to be British. "Proud at a time when I know how many of your fellow countrymen are suffering such hardships and difficulties. "Proud to be lining the banks of the Thames in their millions, despite the rain and the cold. READ MORE: Queen's special wish to gather all royals during her Jubilee "Proud to be part of something as unique as the Commonwealth, which through your leadership has given us that essential sense of unity through diversity." This year the Prince of Wales is likely to attend almost every event planned to take place during the long bank holiday weekend marking the Queen's historic milestone. And he is set to represent the sovereign where appropriate if she is unable to attend. It is unlikely the palace will confirm beforehand which events the monarch is to take part in between June 2 and June 5, in order to give her enough wiggle room to be able to pull out of an engagement last minute. A palace source previously said the Queen, given her reported mobility issues and advanced age, will decide on the day whether she will attend a planned engagement. The insider told the Telegraph: "The assumption must now be that the Queen will not be present at events. "If Her Majesty does attend, it will be decided on the day, and she will be accompanied by another member of the Royal Family." This new arrangement has likely been devised to quash fears surrounding the monarch’s health and to avoid speculation about the Queen's wellbeing and attendance overshadowing the events. Among the royals who could accompany the sovereign at one of the events planned for the special June weekend has been named Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. It is understood the Duchess has been tipped to attend Epsom Derby alongside the sovereign on June 4. Camilla would be a perfect choice given she shares with the Queen a passion for horse racing. Moreover, the Duchess is the patron of the National Stud, an organisation offering training courses and facilities to wannabe riders and first-class breeding services. Camilla will also likely take part in events linked to the Big Jubilee Lunch, being its president. Among the engagements already announced by the palace for the June bank holiday weekend there are also the Trooping the Colour parade and a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral.