Tiger Woods has signed up for a tournament in Ireland ahead of his trip to St Andrews for the 150th edition of The Open Championship. The American announced his intention to play in Scotland after successfully completing his comeback from injury at the Masters last weekend. Woods managed to complete all four rounds at Augusta as he played his first tournament in 14 months since his horror car crash last February. There were fears that his career might have been over, but he even managed to make the cut after two good rounds on Thursday and Friday. As the weekend wore on and the pain took its toll his performance suffered, and he ended up finishing 47th and 23 shots behind winner Scottie Scheffler. But the goal was always just getting through the tournament, and he managed it much to the delight of the fans at Augusta. After finishing his final round, he spoke to Sky Sports about what the rest of the year holds for him now he knows he can get through four full rounds at one of the most demanding courses around. Woods seemed uncertain about the PGA Championship in May but confirmed his plans to play at The Open. JUST IN: Bryson DeChambeau's PGA Championship participation in doubt "I don't know if I'll play Southern Hills [venue of the PGA] or not but I am looking forward to St Andrews," he said. "That's something that is near and dear to my heart and I've won two Opens there. It is the home of golf and my favourite golf course in the world so I will be there for that one." To prepare for his weekend at St Andrews, Woods has already planned in his next tournament appearance. The American plans to head to Ireland at the start of that month to take part in the JP McManus Pro-Am in Limerick. Hosted by the Irish businessman and racehorse owner, the event will take place at Adare Manor between July 4-5. He will be joined by some of the sport's other big names, including British favourite Rory McIlroy and another former world number one in the form of Jon Rahm. "Tiger's presence at Adare Manor will undoubtedly bring huge excitement to the thousands of spectators," said McManus. "We are very grateful to him for giving up his free time to be with us."  DON'T MISS:Scheffler sends emotional 'thank you' message to Woods after MastersWoods' Masters prize money winnings revealed after comebackBarty responds to golf rumours as she announces first post-tennis plan While participation was the only thing on Woods' mind at Augusta, he has been backed to be more successful at The Open. Former PGA Tour pro Rich Beem has even backed his old rival to be in the running to lift the Claret Jug. "I believe that he can win," he wrote in his Sky Sports column. "What he's going to learn about his golf game is that it's no longer a power game, it's more about precision and finesse, and I think that there's a lot of room for that in major championships, whether it's at Augusta National, St Andrews, or at some other place going forward. "I think just the fact that he knows how to play Augusta National, and you don't always have to be longest player to win and compete at Augusta, I think that's a good opportunity. But if he can get his body right, at St Andrews it wouldn't shock me whatsoever to see him go out there and get in contention on Sunday."