Initially, the "party" that supposedly put Boris Johnson's future in jeopardy seemed a bit of a dull affair, amounting to nothing more than one untouched birthday cake, a plastic pot of salad, a dozen mini sausage rolls, a tub of chocolate biscuits, a pack of cheese puffs and four unopened tins of lager. And, it lasted for a full nine minutes. Of course Boris cannot be excused for his stupidity here. In the very place he was making laws, he was also breaking them, and for people who obeyed the rules and didn't spend crucial, and possibly even final hours with loved ones, nothing is ever likely to address their fury.  I get it. His repeated assurances to Parliament that there was "nothing to see here" and all the rules were adhered to were ill-judged and risible. However, if this had been the only transgression, it packed as much punch in an attempt to get rid of him as a can of flat beer. It was, after all, hardly the stuff of those bunga-bunga orgies so beloved of former Italian premier Silvio Berlusconi. And it was to mark the birthday of a man who just weeks earlier had been in intensive care battling coronavirus with, at times, his condition becoming increasingly grave. The spectre haunting Johnson this weekend is just how many events he did attend - and how many it takes to make him a "repeat offender". Opposition parties understandably howl that Johnson must go, but yet again his fate is not in his own hands. It seems incredible that precisely a week ago, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky hailed Johnson as the world leader who was toiling hardest to protect the beleaguered citizens of his country, even suggesting he would "go down in history" for his resolve. But, this is the rollercoaster of a Johnson premiership.  One minute he's trying to build a coalition to take on a demonic, out-of-control world leader crazed on wholesale murder and possibly even genocide. The next he's promising everyone he didn't munch on a mini sausage roll. Meanwhile, there's no shortage of issues at home to be tackled. The cost-of-living crisis will only get worse for some, and when you add in rising inflation and a surge in energy costs then the pain on Struggle Street will be acute for far too many. The thorny issue of uncontrolled immigration was also tackled by Johnson at the end of last week, with a perplexing proposal to send migrants to Rwanda. Let's file that under: "It's an idea..." If - and acknowledging it's a sizeable "if" that seems to grow bigger by the day - he can steer clear of any more stupid, self-inflicted errors, then courtesy of his assured handling of the Covid vaccines and his stance on Ukraine, Johnson deserves another chance to define his premiership in the time he has left. But he has to realise, much like that "party," it will be no piece of cake.  You know there's an election on the way when normally strait-laced, suit-wearing politicians get up to a range of dopey stunts, such as playing on children's swings, eating ice creams or helping in a local farm shop. This time it's the local elections next month (try to contain your excitement) and Lib Dem leader Ed Davey has quickly emerged as the odds-on favourite to win the award for biggest political poltroon of the lot. Study the picture above. Is it because he failed to gain the vote of the bemused householder looking on that Davey opted to dive headlong to try and get the support of Mike the cat? Whatever the loopy Lib Dem's thinking, Mike clearly wasn't "feline" the love. Back to those elections and a few predictions. As they're local, the Lib Dems will do well. Davey will perform some daft photo opportunity with an orange wall and he'll predict a new day is about to dawn in British politics. Which, in truth, it won't. YOU KNOW there's an election on the way when normally strait-laced, suit-wearing politicians get up to a range of dopey stunts, such as playing on children's swings, eating ice creams or helping in a local farm shop. This time it's the local elections next month (try to contain your excitement) and Lib Dem leader Ed Davey has quickly emerged as the odds-on favourite to win the award for biggest political poltroon of the lot. Study the picture above. Is it because he failed to gain the vote of the bemused householder looking on that Davey opted to dive headlong to try and get the support of Mike the cat? Whatever the loopy Lib Dem's thinking, Mike clearly wasn't "feline" the love. Back to those elections and a few predictions. As they're local, the Lib Dems will do well. Davey will perform some daft photo opportunity with an orange wall and he'll predict a new day is about to dawn in British politics. Which, in truth, it won't.  Just where does the mean-spirited envy of some folk stop? At his wedding to Nicola Peltz in Palm Beach, Brooklyn Beckham was given a stunning, fully-restored - and now environmentally-friendly electric - 1954 Jaguar XK140, said to be valued at £350,000. For many on the Left and a host of dreary commentators, this was garishly excessive at a time when costs for regular folk are reaching stratospheric proportions. While much of what they say is justified, we are dealing with a mega-rich couple who wanted to make a special day even more memorable for their boy. Yes, the present was way beyond the wildest dreams of most of us. But let's be truthful, if we had their kind of money in the bank, wouldn't we have sought to do likewise? What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea