Chelsea flop Romelu Lukaku could soon be offered an exit route by AC Milan, according to reports. Any deal would likely land the Blues' new owners with a financial kick in the teeth, however, and potentially leave them paying the price of a failed transfer through subsidised wages for years to come. Lukaku was expected to return to the Premier League as a different animal after two years tearing up Serie A with Inter Milan. His first few performances were promising, but since the turn of the year he seems to be losing sharpness with each passing match. That was exemplified against Arsenal on Wednesday - a game he failed to stamp his authority on before being hauled off after an hour. The Gunners rubbed salt in Chelsea wounds by producing an impressive 4-2 victory at Stamford Bridge. According to GOAL, AC Milan are weighing up the possibility of offering Lukaku a way out of west London this summer. The Rossoneri supposedly feel as though the striker could be receptive to the idea of returning to Italy. JUST IN: Arsenal icon Martin Keown believes he knows Eddie Nketiah's next move after Chelsea brace But the prospective swoop rests on huge compromises being made from the Chelsea camp, as well as factors on Milan's side as they endure a takeover of their own. Having signed last summer for £98million, the Italian side are reportedly hopeful that whoever takes over from Roman Abramovich will sanction a cut-price Lukaku exit. His whopping £325,000-a-week wages would also have to be subsidised with the Blues' new owners, whoever that may be, facing the prospect of shelling out for a player they may not even get to see in action. READ MORE: Man Utd agree on five priority summer signings while '18 could leave' The Belgian is likely to consider his options this summer, but taking the proposed route could spoil the two-year love affair he enjoyed with cross-city rivals Inter. In fact, Lukaku spoke openly in a controversial interview earlier this year about his love for the Nerazzurri and his preference to return to the club one day. Moving to AC Milan would therefore come as a shock, but it would at least guarantee him a return to the familiarity of the San Siro and Serie A. Inter, meanwhile, are believed to be prioritising a move for the cheaper and younger Sassuolo frontman Gianluca Scamacca. Lukaku has notched just five league goals this season, and no assists, which comes in stark contrast to the mammoth 35 goal involvements he registered in Italy last campaign. Questions persist over whether the faults lie on an individual level or whether Thomas Tuchel's system does not lend itself to the 28-year-old's skill set. Timo Werner endured similar struggles after his big money move from RB Leipzig, but is beginning to find joy in a wide position. Tuchel has previously refused to accept that Lukaku's poor form is down to Chelsea's style of play. 