Around 1.5 million Britons have cancelled subscriptions to Britbox, Disney Plus, NowTV, and Apple TV Plus in the first three months of 2022. This is a staggering increase of half a million (500,000) on the same time last year. Consumer journalist Alice Beer appeared on This Morning to remind people they can save a fortune by conducting a detox of TV streaming packages. She encouraged people to check whether they were actually using the top tier package and downgrading if they aren’t. Her suggestion comes as millions of Britons struggle to meet the increased cost of living and look for new ways to make savings. Cancelling ‘luxuries’ like TV streaming subscriptions could save people hundreds of pounds per year which could be put towards energy bills and council tax. READ MORE: Morrisons & Iceland alert as thousands hit by convincing scam tactic Speaking to Holly Willoughby and Philip Schofield, Ms Beer said: “Are you really going to notice the difference - are you really using the top level of service? “If you can, then do it, downgrade.” The journalist said people could also make use of family plans to save money. She said: “Have a look also at the family plans. “Netflix you can get up to four devices - my daughters are using my account - so that’s fine.” DON'T MISSState pension triple lock could be ‘replaced’ in future [WARNING]Do you need a TV licence if you don't watch BBC? [INSIGHT]How much council tax should you be paying? Check your band today [ALERT] She said "people don't often realise" they can save money by paying in advance. This doesn't work if people are going to ‘bounce’ from subscriptions. However, it could help people save money if they are sure they will keep the services throughout the year. Ms Beer explained: “Disney is £7.99 per month." She continued: “It’s £79.99 if you sign up for the whole year - that’s two month’s free.” Amazon Prime is also cheaper if people sign up for the 12 months package. Ms Beer added: “It’s £6.58 instead of the £7.99 if you pay in advance.” If someone is signed up to all the streaming packages, downgrading or cancelling some of these could save them a fortune. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The typical TV streaming packages cost: