One of the main topics of discussion during Wednesday's Loose Women was about women being scammed by men online. The debate came after it was reported British "Tinder Swindler" Frank Adozi was jailed for four years after conning one woman out of £157,000 in a romance scam. The conman used online dating sites to target multiple women so he could fund his lavish lifestyle. During Loose Women, the panel discussed how Frank had targeted a woman who was in a vulnerable position after splitting from her partner. According to reports, the conman scammed the woman out of £157,000 in just two months after he told her he wanted to buy a house. The debate during the show got rather heated, and while Carol said she felt sorry for the woman and other people who fall victim to the scams, the bank shouldn't be the ones to pay the money back. Her co-star Gloria completely disagreed which is when the duo locked heads. READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show "In the last year, the banks have had to join up and agree that with some of these things they are genuine scams and they have to pay it back," Gloria said. "That's something different, Gloria," Carol fumed. "That's completely different." "Listen," Gloria began to say before Carol interrupted: "If you're making a decision to give someone your money, right because you're believing they haven't got a card and they work on an oil rig, that's what happened there." "The difference between...," Gloria tried to chip in as she was cut off by Carol: "No, no, no!" Gloria replied: "There's an ordinary scam and a romance scam, that's what I am saying." Carol ranted: "If you get an email through from a professional scammer that's actually gone to a lot of trouble to fake the bank's website, address, everything, I can understand more why people fall for that. "The banks do actually check everything now, if they don't check that this money is going through to the wrong person.." Before the conversation got heated Carol said: "I feel sorry for those women, I really do. My heart bleeds for people who must be so trusting and desperate and lonely." DON'T MISS...Mosley’s wife in Peaky Blinders’ real life sex habits [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Josephine Jobert details new role after show exit [VIDEO]Billy Connolly helped Hollyoaks star to recognise Parkinson's  [NEWS] She continued: "I cannot accept that the bank would pick up the tab for it, that's the other customers paying for someone else's gullibility. "I am really sorry about that but I don't want to pay for it. "If it happened to me I wouldn't expect anyone else to pay for it, I'd just think, 'You idiot, what have you done?'" Gloria's views on the subject also left viewers divided and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Angelak wrote: "Dopey Gloria not understanding the difference between the fact you have NO CHOICE with HMRC demands but have a CHOICE whether to send some random bloke your money." (sic) User @slexiak tweeted: "Does anyone seriously think 'I’m down-in-the-dumps', I’ll give a stranger half a million pounds, Gloria? There has to be some element of stupidity involved." (sic) Other viewers agreed with Carol, as Leanne Thomas penned: "Wow I actually agree with carol. I agree why should someone else have to pick up the tab and compensate stupidity? #LooseWomen." (sic) Sara went on to say: "I agree with Carol. I don’t see why the banks should pay because people have been sucked in. #LooseWomen." (sic) Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.