CORONATION STREET THEORY: Spider Nugent (played by Martin Hancock) was Emily Bishop's (Eileen Derbyshire) eco-warrior nephew who was last seen on Coronation Street in 2003. The ITV soap has confirmed Martin will reprise his role as the much-loved character, who will be seen on the soap in July. But could he bring heartbreaking news about his aunt? Emily first made an appearance in the soap way back in 1961, and her character remained an integral part of the soap for years. She left in 2016 and made a brief appearance in 2019, but fans still see her as one of the most legendary characters. Emily's nephew Spider was also popular with Corrie fans during his stint on the cobbles from 1997. As the on/off boyfriend of Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor), Spider made his exit when he decided to move to London to start afresh with Toyah. They later separated and Spider moved to Peru, while after a failed marriage Toyah returned to be with her family in 2016. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy With life having moved on, has Spider held on to the ideals of his youth? Viewers will be interested to see where life has taken him and if he has changed. However, Spider is likely to be back for a reason, and if Emily has died he may feel it's time to return home. He will also want to let the Weatherfield locals know about Emily's death and may feel the best way to do that is in person. Emily's last scene saw her appear via video message to Ken Barlow (William Roache) in 2019, where she wished him a happy birthday. "Happy birthday Kenneth," she stated, waving at him from the screen. "Emily, what a lovely surprise," Ken replied, pleased to see an old friend. "I wish I could be with you in person, you keep saying you're going to visit me in Edinburgh, when are you going to do it?" Ken promised he would come and visit Emily soon. As they ended the call, Emily said: "We'll speak later, bye-bye." Could this have marked the start of a decline in Emily's health? With Spider returning and no sign of Emily making a comeback, it's safe to assume something could have happened to her. DON'T MISS... Question of Sport viewers call for BBC to scrap series.. [REACTION]The Chase's Mark asks for 'white flag' after 'unbelievable' game [VIDEO]GB News guests clash over Royal Family reparations ‘No evidence!' [LATEST] Emily was at the centre of some of the soap's biggest storylines, from the murder of her husband Ernest Bishop (Stephen Hancock) to a mental breakdown in 1992. As one of the longest-serving soap characters, it's likely Coronation Street would mark an official end to the character, which may have been the inspiration for bringing Spider back to the street. Long-term fans of the show will remember how close he was to Emily, and his return would be an appropriate tribute to Emily's memory. On coming back to the show Martin said: “Having the opportunity to walk back onto the cobbles is fabulous, I’m so excited to be seeing a lot of old friends and picking up what Spider has been up to. "I’ve always wanted to come back at some point and it just felt like this is the right time. I’m eternally grateful to Iain [MacLeod] for the opportunity." Soap producers have teased Spider could end up becoming involved with ex Toyah once again, who is currently struggling in her relationship. On his decision to bring Spider back to Coronation Street, producer Iain Macleod explained: "Martin is a fabulous actor and Spider is a character with real heritage and affection from fans. "His return heralds an enthralling new story for Toyah, who will be embroiled in a mess of guilt and secrecy when Spider arrives." "Will he be her saviour or the thing that ruins her life forever?" Coronation Street continues on Monday at 7.30pm on ITV.