Mercedes will not resolve their porpoising issue for this weekend's Australian Grand Prix, according to Martin Brundle. The F1 pundit does not think Mercedes will be able to make a change until the team is back in Europe for the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix later this month. Lewis Hamilton and George Russell have both faced problems in terms of their cars bouncing in the opening two races of the season. Seven-time champion Hamilton sneaked a spot on the podium in Bahrain but could only finish 10th a week later in Saudi Arabia. Russell has finished fourth and fifth in his first two races as an official Mercedes driver. Brundle has previewed this weekend's race with Sky Sports presenter Simon Lazenby. Lazenby asked Brundle if he thinks this weekend is too early for Mercedes to compete. And he suggested a return back to Europe will help them resolve the issues.  Lazenby said: "Too soon you think for Mercedes to challenge now? They've obviously got their problems but update-wise it looks like when we return to Europe doesn't it?" Brundle agreed that Mercedes will be able to regroup once they get back to Europe. The Emilia Romagna Grand Prix in Italy is the next race on the calendar on April 24. Brundle replied: "It does. I don't think they're bringing much here [to Australia].  "A lot of people are really wanting them to find the magic fix for the porpoising, the bouncing of the car, because I think the car is quite good when they get that sorted out." Brundle is hoping for improvement from other teams, though says the competition will be stronger once Mercedes are firing on all cylinders. He continued: "We want to see McLaren right in there as well don't we, and Williams and Aston Martin, Alpha Tauri. The Alpine looks quite good anyway. "But I think the racing is just going to get better and better and better. But it will help when we've got Hamilton and Russell right in the mix too."  In terms of this weekend, Brundle is expecting an exciting race in Melbourne. He said: "It's going to be so exciting. "So much pent-up excitement isn't there and it's always a festival of sport here. This track is going to be much faster this year too. "It's going to be super-challenging for the drivers. They've opened up a lot of corners and these latest cars can stick to the road. So I'm expecting a lot of really high-speed action on the track." 