The foreign affairs analyst explained that Russia being one of the five permanent members means it's hard to take any action as they will continue to veto them. One of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky's latest demands is for Russia to be expelled from the UN Security Council following allegations of human rights violations against innocent Ukrainian civilians. Mr Marlow discussed how Russia can start a war and no one can call them out for it, due to the current policy, making it hard to expel them like Mr Zelensky asked the West to do.   GB News host Eamonn Holmes said: "And we were talking about the UN, what is their power actually? What could they be doing, that they're not doing?" Mr Marlow said: "Well the UN has an enormous problem, because of course you have the fiver pertinent members on the security council that can veto. "And as we know anything that is done today, Russia will veto it. "So it's nonexistent in such because if you want something against these powers one of those countries will naturally veto it. JUST IN: Prince Harry favourability PLUMMETS as royal fans turn on Duke of Sussex "There is another body, many bodies within the United Nations..." Mr Holmes added: "They can start a war and basically no one can cry foul, no one can issue them with a yellow or red card. "I mean it just sounds absolutely ridiculous." Mr Marlow said: "And that's one of the main problems of the United Nations, there are dozens and dozens of problems. READ MORE:'Are you kidding me?!' Ukrainian MP erupts at Sky News' Mark Austin over war crimes probe     "The other main problem at this point is the human rights, United Nations human rights council. "Which of course Russia is on that council, now they can be kicked off it's going to be very very difficult. "But again, it's not going to make too much difference so this is one of the big problems when the United Nations was set up." "You have these five permanent members who when they wish to will veto something." DON’T MISS: Russian nationalists reach 'new level of extreme' – Putin supporters 'baying for genocideNigel Farage suggests England should boycott ‘corrupt’ Qatar World Cup over human rightsUrgent warning to check CCTV footage after 'appalling' arson attacks on cars Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky told the UN: "We are dealing with a state that is turning the veto into the UN Security Council into the right to die." 