The elite of the golf world return to Augusta National in the hopes of getting their hands on the 2022 Masters crown. Jon Rahm enters the field as a slim betting favourite, while Tiger Woods is set to make a sensational comeback 14 months after a life-threatening car crash. Meanwhile, Rory McIlroy sits just outside that leading group of top contenders as he looks to finally complete his collection of majors. The Northern Irishman clinched the U.S. Open, PGA Championship and British Open in little more than three years early on in his career, but Georgia's Green Jacket has long eluded his grasp. Nonetheless, the two-time FedEx Cup champion boasts the kind of career earnings that would make most other professionals wince. At the time of writing, McIlroy has earned roughly $60million (£46m) from the PGA Tour (including 20 tournament wins), in addition to his €38m (£32m) in prize money from his 14 victories on the European Tour. It's worth noting certain golf majors and tournaments blur the lines between those competitions. McIlroy has also received substantial fees for one-off appearances at certain events, and it was reported he turned down a $2.5m (£2m) offer to play in the Saudi International in early 2020. READ MORE Tiger Woods net worth: How much is Tiger Woods worth as he returns for Masters  Moreover, the County Down native has a number of lucrative endorsements and sponsorship deals with the likes of Nike, Omega watches and Optum health care. He also uses and promotes TaylorMade clubs, having signed a 10-year equipment contract with the brand in 2017, which is understood to be worth $100m (£76m). The Sunday Times Rich List reported in May 2020 that McIlroy boasted a net worth of $220m (£170m). Among active golfers, only the likes of Phil Mickelson (estimated to be worth £305m) and Tigers Woods (valued at a whopping £611m) boast higher values. DON'T MISS    Although McIlroy hasn't won a major title since 2014, his general consistency on the Tour in recent years has helped maintain his high-earner status. He's also a partner with NBC Sports on their GolfPass platform, a subscription service that aims to provide viewers with tips from world-class players. The 15-year professional has finished six of the last eight Masters Tournaments inside the top 10. He'll target a more consistent run over the next four days in the hopes of bagging the $2m (£1.5m) top prize, although the hallowed green jacket is the real treasure at stake.