Liverpool have been urged to sign Declan Rice, but the Reds would have to pay a fee of £150million to buy the England international. Rice has starred for West Ham over the last two seasons, with David Moyes' men mounting a surprise challenge for a top four spot this campaign. The midfielder has also frequently captained the Hammers, becoming a stalwart at the London Stadium. His performances under Moyes have also drawn the eye of many of the Premier League's top teams, with both Chelsea and Manchester United thought to be interested in the 23-year-old. Liverpool are also expected to be on the lookout for a new midfielder in the summer transfer window. Jude Bellingham is the man most linked with a move to Anfield, though the Borussia Dortmund star looks likely to stay in the Bundesliga for at least one more season. That could lead the Reds to mount a move for Rice, with the West Ham star already regarded as one of the best midfielders in the Premier League. Such a move would certainly please Liverpool legend John Barnes, who highlighted his suitability to Jurgen Klopp's team. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'happy' with Mohamed Salah contract talks "Rice would fit the profile of what Liverpool want. He’s a hard-working, strong midfield player who can win tackles, break things up, defend well, and that’s the profile they look for. He probably wouldn’t suit a team like Man City," Barnes told BonusCodeBets.co.uk. "But he can break the game up, cover the full backs if they go up and down, so he would suit Liverpool. But he’s at West Ham and Liverpool haven’t made a bid for him, so it’s speculation. If it happens it’s a great acquisition." DON'T MISS: Liverpool boss Klopp explains decision to drop in-form Diaz vs Watford (INSIGHT)Liverpool 'make breakthrough' with Salah as star closes in on contract (NEWS)Liverpool star Jota silences Redknapp after headed goal in Watford win (ANALYSIS) A move will likely prove difficult for Liverpool to mount though, given the extraordinary asking price West Ham have slapped on Rice. The 23-year-old is under contract until 2024, with the Hammers possessing an option to extend that by an extra year, and Moyes has insisted they will not accept less than £150m. "The first thing to say is that he is not for sale. But if you are interested, it will be north of that, because £100m was cheap last summer and £150m just now would be minimum - but he is not for sale," the West Ham boss said last week.