Elite season five airs on Netflix on April 8 and the Spanish teen drama has seen its fanbase continue to grow. The new TV season will pick up with the aftermath of Armando's (played by Andrés Velencoso) brutal murder. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who will be joining and leaving the cast. Lucrecia was a fan-favourite from the outset and there were rumours she would be returning for the fifth season. However, during an interview at El Hormiguero, Paola said she left the series to focus entirely on her music career. She confirmed there was no possibility for her to return as Lu.  Sadly Expósito confirmed she would not be returning for the latest season, leaving fans heartbroken. However, she said she would reprise her role in the popular short stories that hone in on certain characters. Speaking to PureBreak in 2021, she said: "They say I’m coming back in season five of Elite but that’s not true. It’s called fake news." READ MORE: Elite season 5 release time: When is the Spanish Netflix drama back? One of the new characters for seasons five and six is Isadora, played by Valentina Zenere. Netflix shared a video introducing the new character and she was seen listening to music as she walked down the corridor. She appears to live a luxurious lifestyle, with staff tending to her every demand. Valentina Zenere is a 25-year-old Argentinian actress who starred in the series Soy Luna and Juacas.  Iván is the new heartthrob for seasons five and six and he is seen in Netflix's sneak peek video. The student is getting ready for school and emerges from what appears to be the ultimate bachelor pad. He surrounds himself with people who know how to party. Actor André Lamoglia is 24, from Brazil, and he is known for playing Rafael Smor in Juacas. In March 2021 French actor Nourou announced on Instagram he would be joining the main cast of season five. Not much is known about his character, but the actor is 19 years old and has starred in Adu and Turf.  It is unclear whether Patri will be in the same school year as the rest of the main cast. She is played by Isabel Garrido, a 23-year-old Spanish actress known for The Mess You Leave Behind.  DON'T MISS... Does Samuel die in Elite? [INSIGHT]Elite season 4 ending explained: Who died in Elite season 4? [EXPLAINER] Elite season 4: Why did Nadia actress Mina El Hammani leave Elite? [INSIGHT] Sadly fan-favourite Guzmán has left the series for good after he left Las Encinas to go off travelling. Actor Miguel confirmed his departure in a video celebrating his time on the show. For the show's official Instagram account, he said: "Hey, this is Miguel Bernardeau and for those who have already watched the finale of Elite season four, I wanted to say goodbye and send you a big hug. "I wanted to say thank you to all the Elite team, the production, the direction, to my castmates, those who are still here, those who aren't, I'll always have you in my heart and it's been an immense pleasure working with you. "Thank you to Netflix for giving us this opportunity, to the creators and above all to Guzmán for teaching me that no matter who [or] where you are, it's never too late to change. Goodbye." Ander left the school at the same time as Guzmán as the pair intended to travel together. The 25-year-old actor Arón Piper has featured in three episodes of the short stories series. He also played Iago in The Mess You Leave Behind. Samuel García (Itzan Escamilla) and Omar Shanaa (Omar Ayuso) are now the only original actors in the series since the first season.  Elite season 5 arrives on Netflix on April 8.