It’s been 13 years since Avatar first hit cinemas and became the highest-grossing movie of all time with a global box office that currently stands at $2.847 billion. Director James Cameron has been busy at work on not one but four sequels, with the first finally arriving this Christmas. Avatar 2’s teaser trailer was shown this week at CinemaCon and it won’t be long before the public gets to see the latter for themselves. Avatar 2 is titled Avatar: The Way of Water and the first trailer will be shown in front of Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, which hits cinemas next week. Movie fans will have to wait another week after that before they can see the footage online. Those attending CinemaCon in Las Vegas caught the teaser, praising the 3D visuals. Fandango’s Erik Davis tweeted: “JUST IN: Avatar 2 is called Avatar: The Way of Water. The first footage was STUNNING.” Screen Rant reported: “Avatar 2 - It looks very pretty. Sully family has 4 kids. Teens. One looked sort of human. Underwater shots were remarkable. It needs very very good and bright projectors to really work. See it in 3D. Not much in way of plot just a lot of cool visuals.” The official plot synopsis reads: “Set more than a decade after the events of the first film, Avatar: The Way Of Water begins to tell the story of the Sully family (Jake, Neytiri, and their kids), the trouble that follows them, the lengths they go to keep each other safe, the battles they fight to stay alive, and the tragedies they endure.” Producer Jon Landau said at ComicCon that each of the four Avatar sequels will have its own standalone story, but the movies will all connect as one saga. DON'T MISSAvatar star 'wasn't gutted' about failed James Bond audition [BOND]Avatar: James Cameron 'nailed phones to a wall if they rang on set' [JAMES CAMERON]Avatar star was homeless before James Cameron begged him to audition [AVATAR] After Avatar: The Way of Water this Christmas, Avatar 3 will follow in December 2024, Avatar 4 in 2026 and Avatar 5 in 2028 respectively. On top of all this, The Hollywood Reporter said the original movie will re-release with restored sound and picture in US movie theatres on September 23, further adding to its unbeaten box office ahead of Avengers Endgame which briefly topped it. Presumably, a UK re-release is on the way too, although is yet to be confirmed. Avatar: The Way of Water will be released exclusively in cinemas on December 16, 2022.