With the West unwilling to engage directly against Russia in terms of military conflict, most nations were quick to react by imposing numerous economic punitive measures against Putin and his circles. The plan was not only to cause crippling economic hardship for Putin’s military income but to cause division between those most loyal to the Kremlin.  With reports of oligarchs seeing assets seized, as well as Russian owned businesses and assets being sanctioned abroad, many close to Putin began to resent the war. However, the initial success of the sanctions may now appear to be wearing off. Writing on Twitter to explain, Ben Noble, an Associate Professor of Russian Politics and Fellow at Chatham House said: “There is evidence the elite in Russia is rallying around Putin, including those who originally expressed misgivings about the invasion of Ukraine and the ongoing war. “One plausible goal of sanctions might be to provoke splits within the elite, but it looks – for the moment, at least – sanctions have, rather, brought elite groups closer together in their opposition to the West.”  Yet the professor warns in spite of the short-term glee Putin may be feeling as a result of the news, it may not be a long-term victory. He continues: “But how long will this last? "Rallying 'round the flag’ effects aren't indefinite, even if they can be sustained by a number of factors, including media control and reshaping people's emotional connection to the state and their identities.” It has been argued Russian officials used the sanctions for their own gain, hence sparking the unity shown between the elite.  READ MORE:Putin on the backfoot after guerilla attacks According to one analyst, a Russian official is said to have been quoted: “Since they adopted sanctions against us, we’re going to f*** them. “Now they’ll have to buy rubles on the Moscow Exchange to buy gas from us.“But that's just the beginning. Now we're going to f*** them all.” The same analyst, Farida Rustamova said: “There are no disloyal people left in power in Russia.” Ms Rustamova believes Putin was able to consolidate his rich oligarch entourage and leading officials by convincing them the West was “out to get them” by imposing such sanctions on rich Russian businessmen and leaders.  DON'T MISS:Police launch urgent hunt after woman seen ‘assaulting baby' [REVEAL]Germany and Ukraine in furious war or words [REPORT]Disney woke row erupts with threat of boycott [INSIGHT] This was backed up by one official telling Ms Rustamova: “The people had negative feelings about the war. There was a sharp 50/50 split in society. “But then state media got together and started releasing decent content. “And then, when the West began to say all Russians are bad, to boycott artists and athletes, everything changed. “Now about 75 percent support the military operation. That is, there’s a social consolidation happening. “Calls against the war are not at all popular, it’s more of a marginal story now.”  According to the pro-Kremlin All-Russian Center for Public Opinion, 74 percent of Russians support the "special military operation" in Ukraine, while the level of trust in Putin has increased from 67.2 percent to a multi-year high of 80.6 percent since the operation began. On an international scale, multiple global leaders have recently condemned the brutal images emerging from the Kyiv suburb of Bucha. US President Joe Biden has gone one step further saying Putin should be trialled as a war criminal. The news comes as graphic and shocking images from Bucha show bodies lying in the streets, as well as mass graves reminiscent of the massacre seen in Srebrenica in Bosnia at the hands of the Serbs. 