NBC’s hit thriller series The Blacklist is steadily approaching its season nine finale, however, just before the show ends viewers will soon see the return of a beloved character. Thankfully for fans, NBC recently confirmed Samar Navabi (played by Mozhan Marnò) would return to screens ahead of the forthcoming finale.  The last time viewers saw Samar was during season six when she worked with the task force as an investigative agent and Mossad liaison. Although she had been a crucial member of the team since her first appearance in season two, it was soon revealed she had not fully recovered from a car accident which left her submerged in water for several minutes. This was the tragic result after escaping Lawrence Dane Devlin (Pruitt Taylor Vince) who wanted her dead. Although she managed to escape her attempted murder, the incident left her in a coma.  READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small boss details story development During her time on the Task Force, Samar was engaged and preparing to marry the Special Agent and Strategic and Tactical Technician, Aram Mojtabai (Amir Arison). However, during the season six finale, fans saw the couple’s relationship go through a huge shift as they encountered a rift, just after she was given the green light to return to work. Samar faced a number of cognitive challenges in her recovery including her memory as she was living with vascular dementia. When the Mossad discovered this, they saw her as a liability and put a hit out on her, which forced her to go into hiding.  Though Aram wanted to go into hiding with her, Red (James Spader) encouraged him not to as the Mossad would follow to her apartment. While it appears as though Aram has since moved on following Samar’s departure, there's a chance his feelings could rush back after seeing her. Samar is expected to return to the screens on the May 6th episode titled ’The Bear Mask.’ According to E!, the episode will see Amar turn to an unusual outlet for release" after “feeling the weight of recent pressures”.  DON'T MISS...Adam Henson gives sad update on beloved dog Peg [INSIGHT] The Blacklist plot hole: Reddington made major historical error [BLUNDER] The Blacklist theory: Panabaker to help take down Cooper's blackmailer [THEORY] In her final scene, Samar left on a plane to go to an undisclosed location and despite her illness, she told Aram she loved him and promised to never forget him. At the time of her exit, actress Marnò told fans about her departure from the series with an emotional post. Her caption read: “It has been an amazing experience, I have made mistakes, I have made friends, I have grown… “But last summer, I decided that I was ready for my next chapter, and the producers very graciously granted my request to move on from the show.”  With her upcoming appearance, it's clear the producers left the door open for her potential comeback and fans will be pleased to see the character return. Elsewhere fans had been anticipating a potential romance between Aram and Weecha Xui (Diany Rodriguez). However, the actor addressed the theory during a fan Q&A on Instagram with Rodriguez and Mierce star Karina Arroyave. When Arroyave shared: “I hope something happens with Weecha and Aram,” Arison responded, “I don’t know if he can handle it.” The Blacklist is available in the US on NBC. A UK release date had yet to be announced. 