The Government confirmed that prescription charges won't rise this year, and although this may be a relief to many it is still worth checking if there are exemptions that may qualify for free medications amid the cost of living crisis. Prescriptions cost £9.35 per item, which works out at £112 a year if someone relies on them every month. As the cost of living continues to rise, Britons will be looking to save money wherever they can. People can save hundreds of pounds over the course of a year if they check whether they are receiving all the benefits they are entitled to. According to the NHS website, Britons should receive a Medical Exemption Certificate if they have: Britons who suffer from anything on the list above should automatically receive a certificate through the post which shows they are exempt. If they haven’t, they can apply for an exemption certificate on the NHS website. READ MORE: TV Licence: Millions could be eligible for £159 BBC licence fee refund - how to get This would put it in line with the qualifying age for the State Pension. However, individuals may be exempt from paying for medicine for a variety of reasons, including being in receipt of some DWP state benefits or having specific medical conditions as mentioned above. Meanwhile, low income families on some state benefits should also qualify for free NHS prescriptions depending on their earnings. In the case of Universal Credit, a claimant should get free prescriptions if they either had no earnings or had net earnings of £435 or less in their last Universal Credit assessment period. Alternatively, people on Universal Credit will qualify if they receive a payment that includes the child addition, or if they (or their partner) have limited capability for work (LCW) , limited capability for work and work-related activity (LCWRA), and either had no earnings or net earnings of £935 or less in the last Universal Credit assessment period. If a Universal Credit claim is still being decided, people may have to pay the charges and apply for a refund later. They should get a receipt and refund form (FP57) at the time they pay, as they will not be able to get one later. A Department for Health and Social Care spokesperson said lots of people are exempt from paying for their prescriptions. They said: “Around 90 percent of community prescriptions in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60, or have certain medical conditions." With inflation at its highest level in 30 years, people will be looking to stretch their finances where they can. Free prescriptions could save households hundreds, if not thousands, over 12 months. Britons with certain medical conditions usually qualify for free NHS prescriptions so it’s worth checking the list.