Manchester United icon Patrice Evra has issued a rallying call to the club's under-fire stars ahead of the final four games of a troublesome season. Evra has urged any players who don't believe United can finish the campaign with a flourish to tell Ralf Rangnick to snub them from his team selections. The Red Devils have an injury-hit squad as they host Chelsea at Old Trafford on Thursday, looking to avoid a third Premier League defeat on the bounce. Rangnick's side also face Brentford, Brighton & Hove Albion and Crystal Palace before a dire campaign comes to a close. Last weekend's 3-1 defeat at Arsenal left United six points off fourth after playing one more match than the Gunners, all but ending their hopes of qualifying for next season's Champions League. But Evra has taken to social media to showcase a passionate rant about his belief that the club can still qualify. On Twitter, Evra emphasised his faith in Rangnick's squad and urged them to prove he isn't 'crazy' for taking such a supportive stance after recent results. JUST IN: Man Utd hero Sir Alex Ferguson speaks on Erik ten Hag's appointment  He said: "So the players, I want you to prove to me that I'm not the only crazy person to believe in you guys because we can do it. There's a lot of negativity around the club, it's not easy for you, but you have nothing to lose now. You can't play under pressure; just give everything. For the players who believe, wear the shirt. For the players who don't, go and see [Ralf] Rangnick and say, 'I don't want to play, my season is over'." Evra also shut down questions about his opinion on Erik ten Hag's imminent arrival because he would rather 'focus on the present'. The club icon stressed that he believes in the current crop to fight for a top-four spot, despite the seemingly dream-dashing defeat at Arsenal last time out. READ MORE: Ex-Man Utd star hopes Ten Hag can emulate Sir Alex Ferguson  "We have still got four games left, [and] there's a spot in the Champions League [up for grabs]," Evra added. "Now I know most of you don't believe in our team, but me? I believe in our team, I believe in this badge, I believe that the history never dies, and anything can happen in football. "That's the kind of message I want to give you because that's where we are. We're thinking about the future, and my philosophy is to focus on the present. If you think about the past, you will live in regret. Focus on the present. The present is that we still have a chance, four games left, give everything." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.