Novak Djokovic and Emma Raducanu were both back in action last week after a disappointing start to their respective clay seasons, and both enjoyed their best results of the season. After winning her first match on clay at Billie Jean King Cup, Raducanu picked up an injury that left her in doubt for Stuttgart but she managed to bounce back and reach the quarter-finals of the tournament. Meanwhile, the ATP world No 1 made his first final of the year in Belgrade, a week after crashing out of the Monte Carlo Masters in the opening round. He lost to Andrey Rublev, who picked up his third title of the year, while Carlos Alcaraz also did the same over in Barcelona and has cracked the top 10 for the first time, aged 18. Iga Swiatek won her fourth successive title in Stuttgart and over in Istanbul, Anastasia Potapova walked away victorious. Away from competition, Wimbledon officially announced that all Russian and Belarusian players would be banned from The Championships this year, sparking huge controversy. The ATP and WTA are reportedly set to hold a meeting at the upcoming Madrid Masters to decide whether to scrap all ranking points for the tournament as a result, while multiple players have criticised the ban. Express Sport takes a look at the biggest headlines from on and off the court over the last week.  Raducanu came to her first-ever WTA Tour event on the clay with question marks surrounding her fitness after she was left feeling “helpless” days before at BJK Cup when she suffered severe blistering on her right foot. But the teenager showed there was nothing to be worried about as she looked like a natural on the surface she had barely played on, sliding all the way into the quarter-finals. Now up to a career-high of world No 11 off the back of her run at the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix, it was Raducanu’s best showing of the 2022 season so far and matched her best showing since winning the US Open, as she reached the quarters in Transylvania at the end of last year. Her campaign on the indoor clay court came to an end at the hands of world No 1 Iga Swiatek, who was on a 20 match-winning streak at the time and went on to extend it to 23 matches as she ended the week as the champion, her fourth successive title win after Doha, Indian Wells and Miami. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic issues apology to fans after losing Serbia Open final  Djokovic was playing at home in Belgrade this week, at the Serbia Open held in his own Novak Tennis Centre where his brother Djordje is the tournament director. The Serb had suffered back-to-back losses for the first time since July and looked on the verge of being beaten for a third successive time when he went a set and a break down to Laslo Djere in his opening match but he recovered to clinch a much-needed victory. He then came from a set down in his next two matches against Miomir Kecmanovic and Karen Khachanov to reach his first final of the season, in what was just his third tournament this year. The world No 1 was unable to complete the comeback this time, taking the second set in a tiebreak but falling to Andrey Rublev 6-2 6-7(4) 6-0. Despite feeling bad for his final set performance, the defending French Open champion was happy to walk away from his week in Belgrade with multiple three-set battles to help him for the rest of the clay swing as he said: “After four three-set battles I can say that I am tired but also pleased that I managed to win the matches prior to this one. I think that will serve me for the continuation of the clay court season." DON'T MISSDjokovic has French Open hope as Serb 'pleased' after Belgrade lossNadal sends Alcaraz message after Spaniard wins Barcelona OpenNovak Djokovic could 'boycott' Wimbledon due to 'crazy' Boris Johnson  After weeks of speculation and talks of a ban, Wimbledon officially announced that Russian and Belarusian players would be barred from competing in The Championships in a statement on Wednesday. “Given the profile of The Championships in the United Kingdom and around the world, it is our responsibility to play our part in the widespread efforts of Government, industry, sporting and creative institutions to limit Russia’s global influence through the strongest means possible,” it read. There was a strong backlash, as the Belarusian Tennis Federation looked at taking legal action while the WTA boss confirmed to players in an email there would be a meeting in Madrid to “define sanctions” to impose on the tournament, “which may include (among others) withdrawal of points awarded by Wimbledon, fines or suspension of the membership of the LTA to the WTA.” The ATP is now set to join the meeting, with Tim Henman's former strength and conditioning coach Kieron Vorster, tweeting: “I hear the @atptour and @WTA are meeting in Madrid to discuss potentially taking away all ranking points from @Wimbledon championships this year so in essence turning it then into an exhibition event." But there has also been some support for the decision from Ukrainian players, as well as the possibility of the Rome Masters also following suit with the Italian government considering whether to ban players from the two nations from the upcoming tournament.  Alcaraz picked up his third title of the season and fourth overall in Barcelona on Sunday, needing to play a three hour and 39-minute semi-final against Alex De Minaur, in which he saved two match points, before dispatching compatriot Pablo Carreno Busta 6-3 6-2 in 65 minutes to lift his second ATP 500 crowd. The 18-year-old had already guaranteed a top 10 debut when he defeated recent  Monte Carlo champion Stefanos Tsitsipas in a rollercoaster three-set quarter-final and, having been compared to Nadal in the past, managed to exactly mirror the 21-time Major champion’s same achievements from when he was 18.  On April 24 2005, a then-18-year-old Nadal defeated a fellow Spaniard - Alcaraz’s coach and former world No 1 Juan Carlos Ferrero - to win the Barcelona Open. The following day, on April 25 2005, he cracked the top 10 for the first time. 18-year-old Alcaraz defeated a fellow Spaniard to win Barcelona on April 24 and cracked the top 10 for the first time on April 25, a crazy coincidence that has unsurprisingly earned the new world No 9 even more comparisons to Nadal.  