Doctor Who Legend of the Sea Devils is the newest special from the time-travelling franchise. Jodie Whittaker has held the mantle of Doctor Who for the last few years, and this special is her penultimate outing before she steps down later this year. The new trailer has whipped fans into a frenzy, with many stating that it is "beautiful" and "epic". The upcoming Doctor Who Easter special Legend of the Sea Devils takes the Doctor and her TARDIS team out to sea. The trailer begins with Doctor Who (played by Jodie Whittaker), Dan Lewis (John Bishop) and Yasmin Khan (Mandip Gill) standing onboard a ship looking out to sea. "Sea Devil", the Doctor states. A giant beast is then seen submerging below the ocean line as Dan adds: "It's coming straight for us..." Read More: 'You just cut your cloth' Pensioner Sue details how she stays warm on £12K a year The new trailer was released in the evening of Saturday, April 2, and within hours, thousands of fans commented on social media about it and shared their theories about what was in store for the TV special. It was posted on the show's official YouTube channel, which has 1.6 million followers and said: "Legend of the Sea Devils: TRAILER | Doctor Who. "Swashbuckle your seatbelts 17.04.22." With the show just days away from airing, spectators seem to be impressed by the short video.  Fan Mariana Weber said: "This looks so epic and so beautiful. "Idk what people say, I love the redesign of the Sea Devils. Madam Ching looks epic and badass. I love the rest of the outfits." (sic) Tristan Steinbomer added: "This looks absolutely splendid, and I'm incredibly excited to see the Sea Devils once again!" "Wow , what an awesome trailer, everything looks so cinematic. I am so hyped!" Martin Morles declared. DON’T MISS…‘It is his choice’ Giovanni Pernice reacts to Aljaž's decision to quit Strictly [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Abi Franklin heartbroken as Toyah Battersby adopts baby Alfie [SPOILERS]'No end to his ghastliness?' Lorraine Kelly blasts Prince Andrew over 'fraudster' claims [LATEST]  However, not everyone was a fan, @FilTheDalek tweeted his feelings about the trailer and said: "Other than the CGI, the only good thing about this is that we are closer to the end of the Chibnall era [Show writer Chris Chibnall]." Jack Thursby remarked: "It looks embarrassingly bad... and that's just the trailer." The special's synopsis states: "In a swashbuckling special adventure, the Doctor (Jodie Whittaker), Yaz (Mandip Gill) and Dan (John Bishop) come face to fin with one of the Doctor's oldest adversaries: the Sea Devils. "Why has legendary pirate queen Madam Ching (Crystal Yu) come searching for a lost treasure?  