Now she is on a mission to heal and is joining faith leaders including the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Chief Rabbi and the Muslim Council of Britain to mark the climax of the Queen’s momentous Platinum Jubilee celebrations on June 5. Organisers hope that 10 million people will participate in Thank You Day, the finale of the celebrations, as faith leaders call on their followers to use the unprecedented scale of events to bridge broken divides and say thank you to those who make real differences to our lives. Mother-of-one Tracy-Ann grew up in Stanmore, north London, and found fame as Dirty Den’s scheming wife Chrissie Watts in the BBC soap. She subsequently appeared in Doctor Who and appeared in a stage adaption of Fiddler on the Roof, set in the Pale of Settlement of Imperial Russia around 1905. That part had particular resonance for her because it was from where her maternal great grandmother Annie fled to England to escape the violence. She said: “I am so delighted to support this unprecedented initiative to bridge divides and bring communities together - by breaking bread together, talking together, sharing experiences. To be thankful to the people we love and who make a difference. All people of faith want the same thing, to promote dialogue, peace and understanding. I’m very grateful to have been asked to be a part of this moment.” Russia’s invasion of Ukraine which has seen 4.2 million refugees flee and left 6½ million people displaced - one-quarter of the population - has brought into sharp focus the need for unity.   Speaking to the Daily Express previously about the personal abuse she received Tracy-Ann said: “The Holocaust and what it meant has been a huge part of my life. When I was four-years-old my parents took me to the Yad Vashem (Israel’s official memorial to Holocaust victims) in Jerusalem and it had such an impact on me. "For the first time, I saw the industrial scale of state-sponsored persecution and genocide and it sparked a lifelong quest for understanding. It was because of that I knew I had to speak out about injustice and bullying, to never let racism go unchecked, and to always remember.” Last night, she visited Alyth Synagogue in north London, as it joined Aleppo Supper Club to host Iftar for Muslim neighbours at a multi-faith event. There they called on their followers to get involved by hosting a Big Jubilee Lunch on June 5, inviting other denominations to share bread and cross lines of difference and coordinating a Walk of Faith between different groups and places of worship locally and ending by sharing a Big Jubilee Lunch together.  The Archbishop of Canterbury, the Most Revd Justin Welby, said: “The last year has been another exceptionally difficult year for many. However, through all of this, we have also seen incredible resilience and kindness, with faith groups often leading the way in bringing people together, offering hope and love to our neighbours and being a light in times of darkness. “That’s why I’m asking churches and people right across the country to join me in marking June 5 this year as a national Thank You Day. We’ll thank the Queen as part of her Jubilee celebrations but we’ll also thank everyone who’s done their bit in our local communities and helped make the last year better than it otherwise would have been. “Please join in. By sharing food with each other. By getting together with another community in your area. Or simply by thanking someone who has made a difference.” June 5 marks the final day of the Platinum Jubilee weekend. It will be a chance for a grateful nation to pay reverence to a monarch who has led by example and those who have steered Britain through the greatest health emergency in memory. Big-name supporters of the initiative - backed by the Daily Express - include England football manager Gareth Southgate, TV’s Lorraine Kelly, Great British Bake Off judge Prue Leith, gardener Alan Titchmarsh and actor Ross Kemp.  Zara Mohammed, the Secretary-General of the Muslim Council of Britain, said  "The last year has been another difficult time for all of us. The lasting impact of the pandemic, coping with the rise of soaring food and fuel prices and now dealing with the pain of another war unfolding. Despite all of these challenges, it has been heartening to see how communities have shown incredible resilience, with faith groups providing exemplary leadership, showcasing the best of what we can all do to serve humanity. “All of which reminds us that whilst tests and trials are inevitable we must find new ways to persevere together, we must not lose hope. “Let us take a moment to pause and thank everyone that has made this last year a little easier,  by taking part in Thank You Day.  I will be thanking everyone across the UK for rising to the challenges we face together,  to helping keep our communities, compassionate and connected.” For more details, click here. 