Camilla, an avid fan of Jane Austen’s books, went to the writer’s former home at Chawton, near Alton in Hampshire, and saw the famous shirt in which Firth, playing Mr Darcy, emerged from a lake dripping wet in a 1995 BBC adaption of the classic novel. The Duchess was shown clothing from recent television and film adaptations of the 19th century author’s work including Mr Darcy’s shirt. “But he’s not in it, that’s a bit sad,” Camilla said after being shown the shirt by Lizzie Dunford, director of Jane Austen’s House, who replied: “I know, that’s sad, and it’s not quite as damp as it was.” Camilla, 74, quipped: “You could give it a good spray.” Ms Dunford told Camilla: “It’s a wonderful artefact, one of the reasons we wanted to show it was that 1995 production was so transformative for people loving Pride And Prejudice. “That scene, we all watched it, everyone, and this production brought so many people to Jane Austen, which is why it’s quite a significant artefact.” Austen lived at the house in the village from 1809 until the year of her death in 1817 and it was during that period that she wrote, revised and published her six celebrated novels. While Camilla was on duties in Hampshire yesterday her husband Prince Charles was in Cumbria. He called in at Tebay motorway services on the M6 to mark its 50th anniversary, visiting the farm shop on site and meeting apprentices taking part in the butchery training scheme. The royal visitor also viewed the extensive cheese section of the shop at Tebay Services, the only family-run service station in the United Kingdom, which works with 70 local producers to showcase the best of Cumbrian food and produce. At Hutton-in-the-Forest, a Grade I Listed house near Penrith, Charles also met local farmers and two families of Syrian refugees who have built new lives in Britain after fleeing war in their homeland. Among them were Riyad Moussa, 45, his wife Myassa Moussa, 40, and their four daughters, Jamila, 14, Jana, seven, Hana, six, and Joanna, four. The family, originally from Aleppo, escaped Syria to Lebanon and were resettled in Carlisle in 2017. They were one of the first families among around 250 people resettled in the area from Syria, the Middle East, North Africa and Afghanistan thanks to the Home Office, UNHCR and Cumbria County Council. Jamila, translating for her father, said their house in Aleppo was bombed by Russian forces in Syria, causing the family to flee their homeland. The Prince asked them how they were getting on and if they were enjoying life in the UK. Mr Moussa, who worked in Syria as a gardener, a passion also shared by Charles, has a delivery driver job but keeps an allotment. He said: “I love it here because I came from war and I came here and I’m very happy. “I miss my country but also it is not a good government, it is very bad, like mafia, like Russia.”