Marking a new chapter for cryptocurrency, the Government’s plans to ensure the UK remains at the “forefront of technology and innovation” brings with it a newly commissioned NFT, as well as soon to be established regulations of cryptoassets and stablecoins. The news comes as a welcome step towards “unlocking the potential of digital assets” for many. At the beginning of April, Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced the UK Government had commissioned coin makers, Royal Mint, to create its first-ever NFT. The decision was made as part of a new “forward-looking approach” towards cryptoassets and their exponential popularity, and the commission comes with a number of new measures to “help ensure firms can invest, innovate and scale up”, according to Mr Sunak. Included in these new measures is a new regulation of stablecoins under the Government’s payments framework. This is the first step in the process to establish a more robust crypto regulatory regime. This would mean stablecoin issuers would have to comply with the 2017 payment service regulations, according to Coindesk, which would require them to follow rules on providing payment services and meet specific requirements for transactions. Josh Sandhu, co-founder of Quantus Gallery told Express.co.uk: “It's a move that ultimately shows the Government are taking these assets seriously, it’s a shift in direction and one in an official capacity.  READ MORE: Brits are crazy for crypto - as a quarter consider it 'finance future'  “With Stablecoins being legal tender and regulatory bodies making further moves to look at these assets at large, it's clear that we're not too far from these being an everyday norm in our lives.” He continued: “What the market itself will look like in five or ten years is a different question, but this has been a long time coming and it was really always a matter of when, as opposed to if.” Express.co.uk spoke to experts to find out what these regulations can do for everyday traders, and what should be addressed when implementing these measures. Mr Sandhu said: “Regulation in these emerging and speculative markets is always welcome; it provides trust and adds stability to them.  “While a lot of traders rely on volatility, I think this news is going to be welcomed by most given that it signals an even wider market to get involved." Markets and companies that might have been a little more hesitant previously might see a transition to adopt, regulate and further engage with cryptocurrency and NFTs. Todd Crosland, CEO at CoinZoom, said: “For the industry to continue to grow and become mainstream, investors must have trust in the infrastructure and framework underpinning it – and it starts with regulation. “This trust cannot be found in an unregulated environment that permits bad actors to roam freely.” The UK’s Financial Conduct Authority recently reported a double in the number of alleged crypto-related scams in 2021 compared to the previous year, while the cost of cryptocurrency fraud over the past decade now stands at $19.2 billion globally. By regulating this industry, it could help to tackle the crisis of trust between traders, making for more competition and an increase in popularity, further solidifying the digital assets as reputable sources to invest in.  DON'T MISS: HMRC 'cracking down' on crypto: How does it affect tax? [EXPLAINED]Putin could plot to outsmart West and bypass sanctions with Bitcoin [INSIGHT]EU warned against 'restrictive' crypto red tape: 'Great opportunities' [ANALYSIS]   Ben Richmond, Founder and CEO of Regulation technology provider CUBE Global told Express.co.uk: “In order to be successful, the Bank of England must consider a cross-border, collaborative approach to establish a standardised set of policies for an industry, which transcends both jurisdiction and traditional financial services frameworks. Without this, the industry might see siloed regulations that vary across jurisdictions, which could leave room for loopholes and confusion. Mr Richmond said: “We're keen to see a watertight framework implemented as soon as possible. Increased efforts around education in the space should also be developed alongside regulation. James Maddison, Chief Vision Officer at TradingView said: “At TradingView, we're seeing [2.7 million] forward-thinking British people seeking financial independence swelling sharply, as more and more people are getting involved and deriving real value from blockchain technology.  “Yet, much of our storied press and institutions remain dismissive of crypto, calling it a fad at best, and decrying it as a den of thieves and money launderers at worst. “Is it any wonder that much of the general public still associates cryptocurrency with scams, get-rich-quick-scheme, and coins named after dogs? “In Britain, we are serious about our reputation for innovation and development, we also need to get serious with our efforts to educate people about the many benefits that come with blockchain technology.” Although, some argue the Government’s move to consult on the rest of the crypto market beyond stablecoins may leave investors too vulnerable for too long. Tristan Roosendaal, CEO of crypto exchange Centralex, said: “If you look at the areas where investors are most vulnerable, stablecoins are not where the majority of scams and fraud thrive.  “Decentralised finance, or DeFi, is currently the ‘Wild West’ of cryptocurrencies; it’s confusing, complicated, and losing funds is often seen as a rite of passage for traders who face scams, rug pulls, and the risk of lost or mistyped private keys.” Like Mr Maddison, Mr Roosendaal also stresses the importance to prioritise consumer education in the space. He continued: “We’re some way off on consensus of the right regulatory approach to cryptocurrencies, but in the absence of this, consumer education should be the number one priority. “This responsibility shouldn’t just fall to watchdogs and regulators. Industry participants need to realise that if we want the same reach and respect as institutions, we need to take a leaf out of their book. “Until crypto industry participants like exchanges work together to eliminate bad actors, cryptocurrencies will never be universally adopted.” 