Novak Djokovic has revealed the ‘mental and emotional’ difficulties experienced by the World No. 1 over the last few months. The Serb was catapulted under the microscope of the sporting world back in January when he was deported and banned from Australia over his vaccination status. Djokovic is preparing to begin his clay-court campaign against Spaniard Alejandro Davidovich Fokina at the Monte Carlo Masters. He will look to draw confidence from his performances on the surface in 2021, when he clinched titles at Roland Garros and the Belgrade Open and advanced to the final at the Internazionali BNL d’Italia. The 34-year-old has warned his competitors that the turbulent start to 2022 will serve as fuel to drive Djokovic on as he seeks a potential 21st Grand Slam title at the French Open. Speaking ahead of the Monte Carlo tournament, Djokovic said: “I hope I won’t play six matches in six months! “The past three to four months have been really difficult for me, mentally and emotionally. But here I am. I’ll leave all that behind and move on. READ MORE: Djokovic called the 'King of Stupidity' and blasted 'too arrogant' “I don’t think it will leave insurmountable traces, far from it. I’ll try to use it as fuel.” Djokovic will hope the Monte Carlo Masters event will act as ideal preparation ahead of Roland Garros next month. The Serb appeared to lay down the gauntlet to Nadal as he chases major glory. “I still feel motivated to be on the Tour and compete with young guys and try to challenge the best players in the world for the biggest titles,” Djokovic added in his pre-tournament press conference. “I'm very pleased to be here and Monaco has been home for over ten years. DON'T MISSKyrgios rants at another umpire in X-rated outburst during Opelka lossO'Sullivan challenges Djokovic just days after calling out PimblettWimbledon chance offered to teenage Brit who could be next Raducanu “I have been eagerly waiting for the moment when I will be out competing again, so this is the best place where I could possibly start.” He added: “I understand that I probably won't be at my best at the beginning of this week. I am still testing my engine, so to say, and building my game, so it will take obviously some time, some matches to really get in the groove and find the competitive play that I really need.” Djokovic returned to World No. 1 spot on March 21 after temporarily losing his grip on the position to Daniil Medvedev for three weeks. The 20-time Grand Slam champion understands that a deep run in the Monte Carlo event will ensure he remains atop the world rankings.