The Foreign Secretary posted a late-night warning to the Russian President on social media after Mariupol's Azov Battalion claimed Putin's troops dropped a "poisonous substance of unknown origin" from a drone on the Ukrainian city. Ms Truss said on Twitter: "Reports that Russian forces may have used chemical agents in an attack on the people of Mariupol.  "We are working urgently with partners to verify details." The South West Norfolk MP added: "Any use of such weapons would be a callous escalation in this conflict and we will hold Putin and his regime to account." Ms Truss' warning also comes just hours after the Ministry of Defence (MoD) claimed there was a possibility Russian troops could use "phosphorus munitions" in their bid to bring down Mariupol. An MoD intelligence update said: "Russian forces prior use of phosphorus munitions in the Donetsk Oblast raises the possibility of their future employment in Mariupol as fighting for the city intensifies." Mariupol, which is a port city in the east of Ukraine, has been under siege since Putin's troops invaded the ex-Soviet state on February 24. It is considered to be of strategic importance to the Kremlin as it lies between the annexed region of Crimea and the two pro-Russia breakaway republics of Donetsk and Luhansk. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has claimed tens of thousands of people have been killed during the Russian onslaught. JUST IN: 'Boris has surrendered!' Brexit fury as PM CAVES on fishing and hands major win to France Mr Zelensky said: "Mariupol has been destroyed, there are tens of thousands of dead, but even despite this, the Russians are not stopping their offensive." Mariupol Mayor Vadyn Boychenko said between 10,000 and 20,000 people have been killed during the 45-day bombardment. Around 120,000 people are estimated to be trapped in the city with no power and limited supplies. Kyiv also warned the Ukrainian defence of Mariupol could be on its final stand due to issues with low ammunition supplies. In a statement published on Facebook, the 36th Marine Brigade said: "Today will probably be the last battle, as the ammunition is running out… It’s death for some of us and captivity for the rest." However, the Times has claimed some experts believe the statement could be a hoax from the Kremlin. The city's deputy mayor Serhiy Orlov is among those to have questioned the brigade's post. Following Boris Johnson's visit to Kyiv over the weekend, the Government announced a new "lethal aid" package which included 120 armoured vehicles, new anti-ship missile systems and high-grade military equipment worth £100million. The UK also unveiled economic measures which look set to help Ukraine against Russian aggression. These include tariff-free imports to the UK on all goods from Ukraine, an extra £385million in World Bank lending and £394million in grant aid. Speaking about the package, the Prime Minister said: "I made clear today that the United Kingdom stands unwaveringly with them in this ongoing fight, and we are in it for the long run. "We are stepping up our own military and economic support and convening a global alliance to bring this tragedy to an end, and ensure Ukraine survives and thrives as a free and sovereign nation."