The “great British rail sale” has been launched by the UK Government to help with the cost of living crisis. The huge sale will give travellers up to 50 percent off a range of journeys between major destinations. Launching the sale Grant Shapps, the Transport Secretary, said: “For the first time ever, operators across the rail industry are coming together to help passengers facing rising costs of living by offering up to 50 percent off more than a million tickets on journeys across Britain. “There’s no better time to visit friends, family or just explore our great country, so book your tickets today.” The Department for Transport said in a statement: “Cutting the cost of rail travel will help ease some of the pressure on family finances at a time when inflation is rising around the world. “It will also encourage people to visit different places, connect with friends and loved ones, and get out and about around the country.” READ MORE: Simon Calder exposes many won’t benefit from off peak rail deal The scheme will offer up to 50 percent off many popular routes across the UK. Discounted tickets will be available from the National Rail website, on sale from Tuesday. Only tickets for travel across England, Scotland and Wales will be subject to a discount - the scheme is not available in Northern Ireland. For example, a ticket from Cardiff to London will be discounted from £47 to £25. Manchester to Newcastle will set you back just £10.30 - half the usual fare. Even long journeys, like London to Edinburgh, will be heavily discounted to £22. Other low-cost journeys, as quoted by the Department for Transport, include: DON'T MISSMillions of holidaymakers leave prep until last minute - due to Covid [INSIGHT]Simon Calder exposes many won’t benefit from off peak rail deal [REPORT]Europe travel: How to apply for a GHIC [EXPLAINER] The rail fare discount scheme will only run for a limited time. Tickets go on sale from April 19, with discounted tickets available on journeys from April 25 to May 27. The scheme has been criticised for closing prior to the May half term and the Platinum Jubilee weekend at the beginning of June. This year saw the largest rail fare rise in nine years, with prices across the board increasing by 3.8 percent.