Manchester United have rewarded Bruno Fernandes for his fine form over the last two years by handing him a new contract. The attacker has reportedly doubled his wages to £250,000 per week after putting pen-to-paper on a new deal - and that could prove to be the perfect negotiation tool for Liverpool forward Mohamed Salah. Fernandes arrived at Old Trafford in January 2020 after former boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer pulled out all the stops to prise him away from Sporting Lisbon. The Portugal international was an instant hit in the Premier League and notched 12 goals in 22 games in all competitions during the second part of the 2019/20 campaign. Last season, the 27-year-old was one of the best players in England as he bagged a staggering 28 goals and 17 assists. But this time around, his form has dipped slightly in the presence of international team-mate Cristiano Ronaldo. Fernandes will surely believe he is well-deserving of his new pay packet - and few would argue that he hasn’t earnt it. But if Fernandes now earns a quarter of a million pounds every week, Salah will feel his worth is well above that figure. JUST IN: Roma ‘learn Man Utd already have Boubacar Kamara transfer agreement'   The Egypt international has been in negotiations with Liverpool over a new deal for an age but the parties have come to an impasse over his salary. Salah is currently thought to earn around £200k per week at Anfield after signing a new deal in 2018 - just one year after he joined the club from Roma. But he will want to see that figure increase significantly if he is to commit his future to the club. A whole host of other top players earn much more than £200k per week – and the vast majority of them are nowhere near the level that Salah is at. DON'T MISS Ten Hag’s camp ‘have concerns about Man Utd job’ as saga takes twist Ten Hag 'angry over English lessons claim' after he missed Spurs job Man Utd have interviewed 'mystery boss' with Ten Hag and Pochettino     If the Reds won’t give Salah what he wants, the superstar knows he will be able to get it elsewhere. And he only has to look at Fernandes to see how much other clubs are willing to pay their key players. Salah’s contract at Anfield is set to come to an end next summer and the Reds will be desperate to ensure they don’t lose him on a free transfer. So they may have no option other than to increase their financial offering to entice him to stay. The ace would apparently 'do anything on his part' to secure a move to Barcelona this summer. And that could force the Reds to take decisive action sooner rather than later. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 