Toto Wolff has defended Lewis Hamilton as the seven-time champion struggles to match the pace of new team-mate George Russell. Hamilton struggled for pace all weekend in Imola and was unable to work his way through the midfield. It's the second race this season where Hamilton has struggled after a 10th place finish in Saudi Arabia. In comparison, Russell was able to pull his Mercedes nine places higher to finish 4th yesterday. He is now the only driver on the grid to enjoy four successive top-five finishes which leaves him fourth in the drivers’ standings. Wolff has backed his world champion driver, claiming his poor form is just a blip. He said: “In a way, it’s irrelevant if Lewis finishes eighth, 12th or 15th in a race - it is all bad. But the real stars, they have recovered. There is no-one out there, of the great ones that come into my mind, that did not have certain moments in their career where things did not run properly. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton 'annoyed' with Mercedes and 'tired' of F1 as retirement “And that is now the case with Lewis. But he is going to help us sort this out and we are sticking together through good and bad times. And this is certainly a bad time. In a way, I have to protect him here. It is not his low … it is the low of the car performance. “We know he is the seven-times world champion. This guy is the best driver in the world and he’s just not having a machine and equipment underneath him to be able to execute.” Wolff apologised to Hamilton over team radio just moments after the chequered flag. The Austrian said he was ‘sorry’ for what Hamilton ‘had to drive’ and even called the car ‘undriveable’. However, Russell’s points finish means Mercedes hold on to third in the constructors’ standings despite their shocking start to the campaign. Wolff added: “I am very impressed with how George has settled in, how professionally and analytically, he helps to assess the situation. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton apologises to Mercedes after beaten by George Russell [INSIGHT]Unnamed F1 teams to 'swap drivers' amid questions on Hamilton future [ANALYSIS]Mercedes told they made Lewis Hamilton mistake which cost points [COMMENT] “And the combination of the two drivers is one of the very few highlights of our journey so far. They are very productive and positive for the team and I could not be happier with the driver line-up. “But when I see the car bouncing, I wonder how the two of them can even keep the car on the track at times. Lewis deserves better from us. We have the two best drivers - well, maybe two of the three best drivers - and they deserve a car and a power unit that makes them fight at the front rather than then being lapped. “That’s not what any of them deserve.”