Marine Le Pen has emerged as the top competitor against Emmanuel Macron in 2022, as the far-right leader's National Rally closes the cap with the incumbent President. Her once distant chances of claiming France's highest office have shortened over the last few weeks, as her party now sits within spitting distance of La République En Marche. Mr Macron's moment of truth is just around the corner, and he has days left to convince the French public that he deserves a second term in office. French residents will go to the polls for a weekend vote in the next few days. Polls will open from 8am on April 10 for roughly 11 or 12 hours until 7pm or 8pm. Although they have one vital ballot on Sunday, the French election won't formally end until two weeks later. READ MORE: Macron has 'enabled the return of Marine Le Pen'  France operates elections differently from other countries, as residents choose election winners after a second ballot. That first poll gives voters a selection of 12 candidates to choose from, which they must collectively whittle down to two. Snapshot results should come as the polls close in the evening, around 8pm. Unlike the exit polls that dominate UK elections, French elections release a small portion of the results, making them highly accurate. Second round voting - scheduled for April 14 this year - asks people to choose between the two highest-performing candidates from the first. Only those who receive more than 50 percent of the vote can progress to the latter round. The two-round vote system guarantees that of those candidates, one will receive more than 50 percent support. And 51.5 percent said they would vote for Mr Macron, placing him only three points ahead. Poll aggregation suggests the distance between the two candidates is wider, but not by much. Politico's Poll of Polls has Mr Macron on 27 percent in the first round to Ms Le Pen's 22 percent - a five-point difference. In the second round, his lead only extends by three points, with 54 percent to Ms Le Pen's 46 percent. Although he would still win, if the prediction came to pass, it would mean that Mr Macron's lead collapsed by 12.1 percent on 2017 while his opponent's grew by 13.9 percent. In France, new Presidents may take their positions without a Parliamentary majority. The country's parliament, the Assemblée Nationale, holds separate elections, which this year take place not long after their presidential counterpart. In 2022, officials have scheduled them for June 12 and June 19, offering French residents a chance to send their new leader a message.