Since 2015, Ian Blackford has served as an MP and gone on to become a prominent face for the SNP in the halls of Westminster as their leader of the House of Commons. However, in his past career Mr Blackford worked as an investment banker and has been involved with several business ventures that have recently come to light during the sleaze scandal that engulfed Parliament last year. Mr Blackford was elected as an MP for the Scottish constituency, Ross, Skye and Lochaber in 2015. As a member of the SNP he was chosen to be their Leader in the House of Commons in 2017. This move came about after his predecessor, Angus Robertson, lost his seat during the 2017 snap UK general election. On the surface it may appear that Mr Blackford earns solely from his work as an MP - but before politics he enjoyed a successful career in banking and business. So, what exactly is Mr Blackford’s net worth?  READ MORE: BBC QT: Blackford blasts Sunak amid crippling cost of living crisis While his exact net worth is unknown, several of his business ventures are on record in addition to his yearly salary as an MP. The basic MP salary that Mr Blackford takes home annually is worth £81,932. Furthermore, until early December 2019 he served as a non-executive chairman for an internet provider, called Commsworld. The company was taken over last year and, as Mr Blackford retained a four percent shareholding in the business, he was estimated to have earned £1.8 million.  In the wake of the Tory sleaze scandal, it emerged that Mr Blackford has earned more than £250,000 on top of his annual salary as an MP. The Register of Members’ Financial Interests shows that since being elected as an MP, in 2015, that he has received £270,735 from work outside of Parliament. This relates to roles he held as Chairman of Golden Charter Trust - a funeral planner - and Commsworld. Mr Blackford held the role at Golden Charter Trust between 2015 and March 2021 - and for undertaking eight hours of work per quarter, he declared earnings of £3,247.25 a month from April 2020 until March 31 2021.  DON'T MISS: Easy April Fools' Day pranks: Five simple pranks [INSIGHT]New social media scam offers free Cadbury's chocolate - beware [EXPLAINED]‘You’re part of the problem!’ BBC QT audience member clashes with p... [WATCH] In 2018, Mr Blackford described himself as “just a simple crofter with 10 acres” during a commons session. At the time his comments drew criticism from opposition MP’s. The then Conservative MP, Anna Soubry, took particular aim at Mr Blackford saying that when she searched up his wealth she found that “apparently his small, simple croft is valued at somewhere in the region of half a million pounds”. The row over sleaze within the Government began last year when the former Tory MP, Owen Paterson, resigned after it was found that he had breached lobbying rules. At the time the Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, attempted to save Mr Paterson from suspension but stepped down from his efforts after facing fierce backlash from the public and politicians alike. 