Today marks Good Friday, the day on which Christians annually observe the commemoration of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ. Christians remember the agony Jesus endured to save the world from their sins, and to repair the bond between God and humanity that had been broken by people’s sins. Good Friday stems from his original arrest, after one of his disciples — Judas Iscariot — sealed his own fate as one of history’s biggest traitors. According to the Gospels, Judas guided the Jewish authorities to the Garden of Gethsemane, where they would arrest Jesus. On arrival, he told the authorities that whoever he kissed was the one they should arrest. For his troubles, he received 30 pieces of silver. The betrayal set into motion a stunning series of events that ultimately formed the foundations of Christianity: Jesus’ arrest, trial, crucifixion, death and eventual resurrection. Judas remains one of the most controversial figures in Christian history, and his name is often used synonymously with betrayal. Yet, some have urged Judas’ role to be reconsidered, including leading figures within the Church of England. READ MORE: Jesus Christ: Lost Bible gospel discovered in Egypt dubbed ’biggest... Reverend Kate Bottley, a Church of England priest, journalist and broadcaster, investigated his life and legacy. Speaking to The Independent in 2015, she suggested that Judas’ character should be reevaluated. She said: “This is not to say ‘Oh Judas, he’s all right really’, what we are saying is perhaps there is something else to this character than that kiss and that betrayal. “I don’t think any of the other disciples were whiter than white — we just probably didn’t hear about it because they were all human and we are all a bit messed up.” She explained that, up until that fateful moment, Judas appeared “no better or worse than any of the other disciples”. She added: “But he has been defined by the worst thing he did. “What Judas did is not OK, but I think he holds up a very important mirror to our own human condition.” The Bible contains a number of different accounts of Judas’ death, including Matthew 27:1-10, where he is said to have become riddled with remorse. In the New International Version of the Bible, Matthew recalls: “When Judas, who had betrayed him, saw that Jesus was condemned, he was seized with remorse and returned the thirty pieces of silver to the chief priests and the elders. “‘I have sinned,’ he said, ‘for I have betrayed innocent blood.’ DON'T MISS:Archaeology discovery 'confirms complete chapter' from Bible [INSIGHT]Jerusalem archaeologists found 2,000-year-old remains linked to Jesus [DISCOVERY]Jesus' Bible miracle: Compelling evidence' of Easter 'resurrection' [INSIGHT] “‘What is that to us?’ they replied. ‘That’s your responsibility.’ “So Judas threw the money into the temple and left. Then he went away and hanged himself.” The Rt Rev Nick Baines, Bishop of Leeds, told the Radio Times in 2016 that Judas’ past is a “bit more complicated” than him simply being a greedy traitor. He said: “I feel a bit sorry for Judas. “He’s not just another one of those characters in the well-known story of the crucifixion of Jesus; rather, he has gone down in history as the ultimate traitor, the cheap and nasty greed-merchant who sells his friend and his soul for a few quid. “Well, it's a bit more complicated than that. “Judas had invested himself in the revolutionary leadership of Jesus of Nazareth… only to find himself let down. “Trying to force the hand of the Messiah didn’t work and, instead of provoking the ultimate uprising against Roman rule, the glorious leader simply let himself get nailed without resistance. “No wonder Judas got upset.” In 2006, the National Geographic Society confirmed the discovery and translation of a long-lost text called the ‘Gospel of Judas’. Believed to have originally written around 150 AD, it was copied from Greek into Coptic in the third century. The Gospel glorifies Judas as Jesus’ favourite disciple, and claims Jesus asked Judas to betray him to the authorities so that he could fulfil his destiny of saving humanity. Controversy surrounds the Gospel of Judas, especially because it was written at least a century after Jesus and Judas’ deaths, so cannot provide the missing link to understand his true motivations. Regardless of the way Judas is perceived, without his betrayal, Jesus would not have been handed over to the Romans and would not have been crucified, nor would he have risen from the dead — the central component of Christianity.