The UK is said to have 900,000 people suffering from the debilitating brain condition. But now, researchers at the Neuro-Bio facility linked to the university have indicated a potential advancement in treatment where others appeared to have failed.  The group stated they have identified a “neurotoxic” chemical responsible for creating the early stages of the disease. Having now found the cause, the scientists claim to have found a way to neutralise the responsible chemical. Neuro-bio is expected to announce full results on Tuesday next week. Trials so far have proven to be successful when conducted on mice.  Baroness Susan Greenfield, one of the scientists behind the research, says the findings will herald a paradigm shift in treating the condition. She said: “The majority of scientists have long believed amyloid plaques are the cause of the disease. “But we believe amyloid plaques build up well after the brain degeneration has begun. “That is why these treatments fail – by the time you’re seeing plaques, the horse has bolted.”  READ MORE:Psychotropic drugs linked to 'striking' post-Covid dementia risk The treatment delivered through a simple nasal spray targets cells at the centre of the brain, known as the isodendritic core. Previous research has shown these are the first to begin showing symptoms of cell decay leading to dementia. The process is thought to begin around 10 to 15 years prior to symptoms being noticeably visible on patients. Baroness Greenfield said: “When these cells die, it sets off a snowball effect, which causes more and more cells to die too.”  DON'T MISS:Macron warns of 'Brexit style' election upset [REPORT]Norfolk prison guards discover GPS trackers on cars [REVEAL]Ex-Taliban torturer wins human rights battle to stay in UK [INSIGHT] The team at Neuro-bio claims the catalyst causing the chain reaction of cell deaths are led by a certain molecule named T14. The breakthrough process will see T14 targeted by the drugs and will undergo human trials as part of the next stages in testing its efficacy. Robert Howard, Professor of Old Age Psychiatry at University College London, says: “Until we know a drug is safe and effective in humans, it’s too early to get excited. “But it’s true the amyloid drugs have not had the positive effect the Alzheimer’s community hoped they would.” The number of patients dying from dementia is said to be around 70,000 people per year in the UK. Cases are also said to be on the rise, with predictions suggesting nearly 1.6 million people will suffer from the disease by 2040. One in 14 people over the age of 65 have dementia, and the condition affects 1 in 6 people over 80. The number of people with dementia is increasing because people are living longer. According to alzhiemers.org.uk, dementia describes different brain disorders that trigger a loss of brain function. These conditions are all usually progressive and eventually severe. Alzheimer's disease is the most common type of dementia, affecting between 50 and 75 per cent of those diagnosed. Other types of dementia include; vascular dementia affecting up to 20 per cent of those diagnosed, frontotemporal dementia affecting 2 per cent and dementia with Lewy bodies between 10 and 15 percent. Symptoms of dementia include memory loss, confusion and problems with speech and understanding. Dementia is a terminal condition. The total cost of care for people with dementia in the UK is £34.7billion.This is set to rise sharply over the next two decades, to £94.1billion by 2040. 