Princess Anne donned her Royal Navy military uniform and medals as she officially inaugurated the new Sea Cadets Port Edgar Boat Station in Port Edgar Marina, Edinburgh, on Friday, April 1. The Princess Royal attended the event alongside more than 80 Royal Marines and junior cadets in her role as Admiral of the Sea Cadet Corps. This new boat station is well located to serve young people across the region with good transport links and to provide them with facilities both on and off the water. During her day out in Edinburgh, the Queen's only daughter had the chance to meet some of the cadets and watch them taking part in a number of activities including boating, sailing, and rowing. The young participants travelled from Northern Ireland, Scotland and the north of England for the inauguration of the station. Princess Anne also had the chance to meet representatives of the Royal Navy, youth, education and maritime sectors during the launch, as well as Brigadier John Thomson, who is Deputy Lieutenant of the City of Edinburgh, Sea Cadets Captain Neil Downing and Admiral Sir Philip Jones, the President of the Marine Society and Sea Cadets. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here Martin Coles CBE, CEO of Sea Cadets, said following the royal visit: "We are delighted to have welcomed HRH The Princess Royal to the opening of Port Edgar Boat Station and we see it as the first of many occasions our Admiral will be able to engage with cadets and support the valuable work taking place within the charity to launch young people for life, whatever their background. "Sea Cadets works with 14,000 young people across 400 units to broaden their horizons and create possibilities, helping young people to develop into resilient, confident young people. "In the current climate of global conflict and economic strife, not to mention the impact of the pandemic, our young people are facing more challenges than ever before, so investing in their future has never been more crucial. "Our new residential boat station will provide ample opportunities for even more young people to enjoy boating and water sports, earn qualifications and take part in courses such as first aid, navigation and meteorology held on site." READ MORE: Princess Eugenie's £100,000 engagement ring is 'gorgeous and unusual' The Princess Royal has a long-standing history of supporting this youth organisation. In 1971, Anne commissioned the TS Royalist - the former Sea Cadets flagship. The TS Royalist sailed 212,850 nautical miles, taking Sea Cadets, Combined Cadet Forces and Air Cadets on offshore voyages around the UK and Europe. In 2014, it entered Portsmouth for the last time before being decommissioned.  Princess Anne also commissioned the current TS Royalist. The Princess Royal became Admiral of the Sea Cadets last year, taking on the title held between 1992 and 2019 by her brother Prince Andrew. The Sea Cadet Corps, which work with 15,000 young people between 10 and 18 years old across the UK, have been supported for decades by the Royal Family. Their first royal patron was King George VI, who held the title of Admiral from 1942 to his death a decade later. For the following 40 years, Prince Philip was the Admiral of the Sea Cadet Corps. Princess Anne donned her medals and Navy uniform during the event. She never served in the Armed Forces but has held honorary military ranks since 1993. Anne was first made Rear Admiral of the Royal Navy on her 43rd birthday. In 2009, she received the rank of Vice Admiral and 12 years later she was given the title of Admiral she holds to this day. In 2020, on her 70th birthday, she was also made British Army General and Royal Air Force Air Chief Marshal Arms. Princess Anne, who in the past years has proven to be one of the hardest-working members of the Firm, is the patron or president of more than 300 associations across the country. Her interests range from education to agriculture, from the military to animals.