Bernice (played by Samantha Giles) has been taking a back seat from the drama on Emmerdale recently, rather becoming a background character to the main storylines happening with her daughter Gabby (Rosie Bentham) and former love rival, Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy). However, the ITV soap veteran was plunged back into the forefront of the drama as preparations got underway for her grandson, Thomas Tate's christening. As Laurel and Kim Tate (Claire King) fort it out over what the child would wear on the ceremonial day, Gabby seemed to make a comment which excluded her birth mother from the occasion. What the youngster might not realise is that her words could cause Bernice to have a long, hard think about her future in the village. Monday's episode began with Laurel convinced she had got the gown Thomas was going to wear for his ceremony but Kim soon told her their grandson was going to wear something handed down in her family. Bernice was caught in the crossfire as she gave her two pennies worth and said she could even offer up her other daughter, Dee Dee Blackstock's (Mia Gibson-Reed) christening gown for the child to wear. Unfortunately, her suggestions were drowned out as Thomas' other two grandmothers went head to head over whether they could come out on top. Gabby soon intervened as she tried to broker peace between the women but it took a lot of convincing and persuasion for them to meet in the middle. The young mother didn't discard her mother from the conversation too early as she asked Bernice first of all how the argument between Kim and Laurel was going. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King Trying to be helpful, Bernice even offered her take on whose christening dress she thought was more appropriate, choosing to side with Kim. "There you go, only the best for our Thomas," she remarked but Gabby seemed to give a disapproving look as if she didn't care for her mother's opinion. With the feud between Kim and Laurel continuing shortly after, the young mother took another blow at her birth mother. Not happy with the comments Kim was making about Laurel, Gabby told her: "She's been like a mother to me my whole life." "Oh, right, thank you. Any excuse to have a pop at me," Bernice commented as she felt pushed out of the picture by her daughter. "I'm not having a go, I'm just stating a fact," Gabby hit back as she again didn't look pleased with her mother interrupting. After she seemed to refer to all three women as her son's grandmothers, Gabby soon turned her attention back to Laurel and Kim making the effort to find Thomas a gown. "I just really want it to be a special day," she told them, with Laurel telling her it would be and there would be no drama. Towards the end of the episode, Bernice went on the hunt for her daughter when she realised she had been missing for a while. Kim was hot on her tail as she presumably wanted to find out whether Gabby had made a decision as to whose gown Thomas was going to wear. DON'T MISS...Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT]Hayley Tamaddon health: Star was left in 'agony' after IBS flare up [COMMENT] As they started talking, Gabby asked if her mother Bernice could step in and try and broker peace between Kim and Laurel. Having felt left out of the picture and having heard her daughter's comments earlier in the episode, Bernice replied: "Oh, no. "I'm just an innocent bystander," she continued, with Gabby once again looking frustrated her mother was being difficult. It seems Bernice has every right to if she feels she is not included in the day, despite being blood-related to Thomas. However, she was an absent figure from Gabby's life when she was growing up and therefore, Gabby might just expect her not to be the most supportive of people she can rely on. With the tensions rising over the christening and with it clear Thomas' other grandmothers are more in the picture than she is, Bernice could decide to take a break from village life. The mother of two could decide it's time to check in on her daughter Dee Dee in Australia to see how she is doing without her. It might not be a permanent exit for Bernice but it would be enough time for her to figure out whether she wants to fight to be a part of Thomas' life. Also, Gabby could have time to think about whether she has been too cruel to her birth mother over her son and whether she should be more involved. Without the baby's father, Jamie Tate (Alexander Lincoln) on hand to help, Gabby could need all the help she can get. Bernice only returned to the Dales last year after spending some time away from the village following her ill-fated wedding day to Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson). Explaining the reason for her decision at the time, the actress who plays Bernice, Samatha, said: "I certainly needed to have a break. "I was doing a lot of writing. The travelling was becoming absolutely impossible. In my last two or three weeks before I finished 18 months ago, I had some horrendous journeys – some of the worst journeys ever – because I travel from Liverpool. "It was just awful, so it reiterated to me that it was the right time to go. But you don’t know what’s around the corner, do you? Especially when you’re freelance," she told Metro.co.uk. Will Bernice be saying farewell to her loved ones in the village once more very soon? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.