Ghislaine Maxwell’s downfall from toast of high society to convicted sex trafficer will be explored in a three-part documentary starting tonight. The BBC’s ‘House of Maxwell’ will begin with the sudden disappearance of Maxwell’s father, Robert Maxwell. The media tycoon was found in the sea off the Canary Islands, with his death a mystery to this day. He was facing questions surrounding his financial situation and it soon emerged that the debts of his Mirror Group vastly outweighed its assets, and that £440m was missing from the company's pension funds. The scandal rocked the Maxwell family, but his youngest daughter, Ghislaine Maxwell, managed to re-emerge as a fixture in high society. Helen Kirwan-Taylor, a family friend of the Maxwell’s, recalled the Maxwell family hiding “away in shame” after the death of their father. Ms Kirwan-Taylor wrote in the Telegraph in 2020 that when the family’s “empire crumbled”, the British socialite “teleported herself into New York City” where she was mixing with some of Manhattan’s “most connected people”. She recalled: “Not only was she mixing with the very rich, but she seemed to be right in the middle of the action.” Ms Kirwan-Taylor, who was listed in Epstein’s infamous black book along with her husband and father-in-law, questioned: “How did someone whose father had robbed pensioners and who died in mysterious circumstances, manage to break into the wealthiest circles of Manhattan?” One of Maxwell’s Manhattan friends told the paper that it was all down to her connections to royalty, specifically the Duke of York. She said: “Ghislaine came over with the stamp of approval from Prince Andrew. “The thinking was if she hangs out with him, she must be OK.” “You only really need one person in society to vouch for you and the rest follow.” Maxwell first met Andrew when she was a student at Oxford University in the eighties. He claimed that it was Maxwell who introduced him to disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein. DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan have 'backed themselves into a corner' with Philip memorial absence [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry blasted by Camilla Tominey for not offering ‘right of reply’ to claims [EXPERT]Kate Middleton’s timing of George birth didn’t follow history: ‘Can’t detract from Queen’ [ANALYSIS] Her New York society friend said: “What newcomers do, is they hire PRs. “They make sure that their names appear on the 15 invitations that really matter. “It’s critical to get your photo in the Post, the Times, Vanity Fair, Vogue and attract the attention of Patrick McMullan (the society snapper). “Then you either need a rich husband or a patron. Ghislaine found that in Epstein.” Ms Kirwan-Taylor wrote: “To be clear, the old world of New York money didn’t give Epstein the time of day.” Writing of Epstein’s sexual perversions, she added: “There were rumours from the start.” In 2019, following a string of allegations, Epstein was charged with sex trafficking. He committed suicide in jail while he was awaiting his trial. In December 2021, Maxwell was found guilty of recruiting underage girls to be sexually abused by Epstein. She is currently in prison awaiting her sentence from a New York judge after her highly publicised trial found her guilty of multiple offences. Allegations against Prince Andrew emerged in April 2015 after Virginia Roberts Giuffre claimed that Andrew had had sex with her in court documents — allegations of which Andrew has vehemently denied. The documents said that Ms Giuffre was forced to have sex with him when she was 17. In a disastrous Newsnight interview in 2019, Andrew denied the allegations and said he had “no recollection of ever meeting this lady”. In February, Prince Andrew reached an out-of-court settlement with Virginia Giuffre — which is not an admission of guilt — who had brought a sexual abuse civil lawsuit against the Duke. 'House of Maxwell' airs tonight at 9pm on BBC Two.