Mr Markle sat down with journalist Dan Wootton to discuss the Royal family. The Duchess of Sussex's father then went on to discuss whether the royal couple would even be in the country in June when the ceremony takes place. The Queen's Jubilee is taking place at the beginning of June, and many Brits have been speculating as to whether Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will attend as they did not come to the Prince Philips memorial service last month. Mr Markle did not seem as hopeful when he discussed talking to the couple to repair their relationship, as he claimed he couldn't see it happening, but he still wanted to try. Mr Wootton said: "Thomas the big question, of course, is whether Harry and Meghan will be in London too. "We don't know at this point, are you expecting them here? "And if so would you like to meet with them in London too, during the platinum Jubilee celebrations?" Mr Markle told GB News: "Interesting question, I'm getting the feeling that, if they know I'm coming, they won't be coming. JUST IN: Boris urged to overrule Northern Ireland protocol with new law - Brexit POLL Mr Markle added: "But if they do come, I would love to reach out and speak with them. "And try to figure out what went wrong, and how we can repair it, I don't see that happening. "I don't see that happening but I certainly would like to try." Many Brits are hopeful that Prine Harry and Meghan will show up at the Jubilee. READ MORE: Druzhba explosion: Russian oil depot engulfed in flames following 'multiple explosions' There has also been speculation as to whether Prince Andrew will be there front and centre after his recent scandals. As the Prince made a very public appearance last month at Prince Philips memorial, with the Queen. Sharon Osbourne discussed the matter on Talk TV this week. Ms Osbourne said:  "I don't know whether she can right now, I mean, it has gone so far." DON’T MISS: Two dead as Paris police open fire while anti-Macron protesters take to capital's streets Ms Osbourne added: "I think that Andrew is an utter disgrace to the Royal Family. 