The threat of a global nuclear conflict has escalated in recent months owing to the decision from Russian President Vladimir Putin to launch a full-scale invasion of Ukraine. Nuclear weapons have evolved significantly since they were last used in combat during World War Two, with world leaders all too aware of the untold devastation they could cause in a modern war. In short, tactical nuclear warheads were created to give greater flexibility to military generals on the battlefield. As nuclear weapons technology began to grow rapidly in size and power, military planners thought that smaller weapons with a shorter range would be more useful in “tactical” situations. Their name distinguishes them from "strategic" nuclear weapons.  READ MORE: Russian aircraft filmed 'dancing' to the ground after Ukrainian strike Tactical nuclear weapons of the modern era can be adjusted by their operators to control their explosive power. Generally, these weapons can range in strength from a fraction of a kiloton (kt) to 50kt. To put that into context, the atomic bomb which destroyed the Japanese city of Hiroshima in World War 2 was around 15kt. A single kiloton is equivalent in power to a thousand tons of TNT - a dangerous explosive.  During the Cold War, tactical warheads were the bombs which the US and Soviet Union could launch over long distances toward each other’s territory. At the time, both the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) and its Soviet counterpart, the Warsaw Pact, integrated tactical weapons into every level of military planning. In total, Moscow is estimated to have a stockpile of 2,000 tactical nuclear weapons.  DON'T MISS: Russian soldiers ordered Ukrainian woman 'to help find others' [NEWS]Putin’s terrifying 'super-weapon' exposed as world holds breath [EXPLAINER]Chernobyl horror as radiation levels SOAR after Russian activity [INSIGHT] Missiles, which are typically used to deliver continental explosives, can be attached to tactical warheads. During battle, they have the capacity to be fired as artillery shells and have also been developed for aircraft and ships. At present, Russia has two types of weapons systems which are capable of carrying tactical nuclear weapons. These are:  The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists estimates Russia has the largest supply of nuclear weapons in the world. In fact, Moscow is believed to own approximately 4,447 warheads - the devices that trigger a nuclear explosion - of which 1,588 are deployed on ballistic missiles and heavy bomber bases. A further 977 strategic warheads and 1,912 nonstrategic warheads are kept in reserve by the Kremlin. 