For those are worried about having piled on the pounds over Easter, coffee may be the solution. There is evidence to suggest that upping ones caffeine intake is a great way to lose weight. Drinking coffee can help slimmers lose weight because it speeds up their metabolism. Those with a fast metabolism burn more calories in both moving and resting states than those with a slower metabolism. Daniel Boyer, a medical researcher, explained: "Coffee increases metabolism because its main component, caffeine, is a stimulant that enhances your metabolic thermogenesis, which is the process by which the body generates heat from digested food substances." Secondly, drinking coffee can prevent people from reaching for snacks mindlessly. READ MORE: Dr Mosley advises 'eating earlier' and other ways to lose weight A common cause of weight gain is simply eating out of boredom. A cup of coffee can keep you occupied in the same way a packet of crisps can - just for less calories. It also promotes a feeling of fullness in the body, so enjoying a cup of coffee shortly before a meal may result in a slimmer eating a smaller portion. However, it is just as easy for coffee to become a cause for weight gain as opposed to a cure. By adding sweeteners, milk, and other high calorie ingredients such as syrups, dieters could be adding hundreds of calories to each cup without even realising. Hence, Dietician Kristin Gillespie stated: "Black coffee is certainly preferred if weight loss is the goal." But for those who cannot stomach black coffee, she said that "certain additives may be okay". “Sugar-free sweeteners, such as Stevia and Truvia, and small amounts of low-fat milk should not interfere with your weight loss goals.” However, it is probably best for for slimmers to make their coffee at home, as trips to beloved coffee shops can really interfere with weight loss. In fact, those delicious coffee drinks can be lethal for a dieter's waistline. As for flavoured coffee beverages such as Pumpkin Spiced Lattes, "those drinks are probably the worst thing for those seeking to lose weight". “They are packed with calories and sugar, often containing several hundred calories in just one drink.” Lastly, consuming a cup of coffee 30 minutes before a workout can boost performance and prompt fat to be burned. However, despite its apparent weight loss benefits, drinking too much coffee can be unhealthy. As well as introducing health issues such as anxiety, nausea and high blood pressure, coffee can lead to trouble sleeping. This is an issue because it is often late at night that people start to mindlessly snack on junk food. A poor night's sleep can increase hunger and appetite by altering the hormone ghrelin. Up to 400 milligrams of caffeine a day appears to be safe for most healthy adults, according to Mayo Clinic.