The Metropolitan Police handed out its first few fixed penalty notices this month to individuals found to have attended rule-breaking gatherings at Downing Street during the height of the Covid pandemic. The Prime Minister was among officials handed a notice of his own last week, leaving him in a precarious position as critics call for him to resign. Mr Johnson has not tendered his resignation and has instead chosen to apologise to the House of Commons he is accused of misleading this evening. He addressed packed benches and attempted to provide a "full-throated apology". The Prime Minister said: "Let me begin, in all humility, by saying that on April 12 I received a fixed penalty notice relating to an event in Downing Street on June 19, 2020. "I paid the fine immediately and I offered the British people a full apology, and I take this opportunity, on the first available sitting day, to repeat my wholehearted apology to the House. "As soon as I received the notice I acknowledged the hurt and the anger, and I said that people had a right to expect better of their Prime Minister, and I repeat that again in the House now." READ MORE: Blow for Boris as Tory MP submits no confidence letter "Let me also say, not by way of mitigation or excuse but purely because it explains my previous words in this House, that it did not occur to me, then or subsequently, that a gathering in the Cabinet Room just before a vital meeting on Covid strategy, could amount to a breach of the rules. "I repeat, that was my mistake and I apologise for it unreservedly. "I respect the outcome of the police investigation, which is still underway, and I can only say that I will respect their decision-making and always take the appropriate steps and, as the House will know, I have already taken significant steps to change the way things work in No 10. "And it is precisely because I know that so many people are angry and disappointed that I feel an even greater sense of obligation to deliver on the priorities of the British people, and to respond in the best traditions of our country to Putin's barbaric onslaught against Ukraine." Mr Johnson's address came with the backing from a "bullish" group of backbench MPs in attendance, analysts said. But Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer shattered their confidence in an excoriating follow-up speech. He responded to the Prime Minister's statement with one of his own in which he branded the Tory leader "dishonest" and "a joke". Sir Keir said the public would not believe the Prime Minister following his address. He said: "What a joke. Even now, as the latest merely mouthed apology stumbles out of one side of his mouth a new set of deflections and distortions pour from the other. "But the damage is already done. The public have made up their minds. "They don’t believe a word the Prime Minister says. They know what he is. "As ever with this Prime Minister, those close to him find themselves ruined. And the institutions he vows to protect damaged." Tory MP and former chief whip Mark Harper came forward with a damning indictment of his own, as he became the latest of several MPs to condemn his leader. Mr Harper said: “I strongly support the Government’s actions in standing up to Putin’s aggression and helping Ukraine defend itself and our values and it’s exactly at times like this that our country needs a Prime Minister who exemplifies those values. “I regret to say that we have a Prime Minister who broke the laws that he told the country they had to follow, hasn’t been straightforward about it and is now going to ask the decent men and women on these benches to defend what I think is indefensible. “I’m very sorry to have to say this, but I no longer think he is worthy of the great office that he holds.”