Metropolitan Police confirmed that officers had been called to an address on Delme Crescent, Kidbrooke, at 8.18am today, following reports of a man suffering from stab injuries at a residential address. An air ambulance was captured on video landing on the playing fields of a nearby school, believed to be Thomas Tallis School. The police stressed that the incident had not occurred in the school. The London Air Ambulance charity told Express.co.uk that their "advanced trauma team" had been sent to "to reports of an incident in the Kidbrooke area". A spokersperson said that they could not give further details. The Metropolitan Police said in a statement that the man, aged in his forties, had been taken to hospital to be treated for his wounds. A woman has been arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm with intent, and remains in custody, the force said.  The statement read: "Police were called by the London Ambulance Service at 08:18am on Friday, April 22, to reports of a man suffering from stab injuries at a residential address in Delme Crescent, SE3. "Officers and the [London Ambulance Service] attended. London’s Air Ambulance also attended and landed in the playing field of a nearby school. The incident did not happen at the school. "The man, aged in his 40s, has been taken to hospital and we await an update on his condition. "A woman has been arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm with intent.   "She has been taken to a south London police station where she remains in custody." Footage posted online around 8.30am today shows an air ambulance appearing to land on a grass field as children play on a nearby basketball pitch. A London Ambulance Service spokesperson said: “We were called at 8:15am this morning (April 22) to reports of a stabbing at a residential address in Delme Crescent, Kidbrooke. “We sent a number of resources including two ambulance crews, a medic in a fast response car, an incident response officer and we also dispatched medics from London’s Air Ambulance. “Working alongside other emergency services at the scene, our crews treated a man for a stab wound and took him as a priority to a major trauma centre.” 