The Chase star Mark Labbett took to Twitter yesterday to bid Pointless presenter Richard Osman farewell after he confirmed his exit from the BBC game show. Mark, also known as The Beast, told how his words were the "best compliment" he could give his fellow game show host as he hailed him for "raising the bar on daytime quizzes". Meanwhile, fans have raised the question of whether a star of The Chase might become Richard's successor Replying to Richard's announcement that he was stepping down as Pointless host, Mark penned a farewell message in view of his 158,000 followers. He wrote: "The highest compliment I can pay you “Thank goodness you are going” :). "Chapeau sir for raising the bar on daytime quizzes," he added. Richard had announced that he was leaving his presenting role to focus on his writing, in the wake of hugely successful books such as The Man Who Died Twice. READ NOW: 'Shut the f**k up!' Denise Welch rages at Jeremy Vine Show debate "SOME NEWS!" the Thursday Night Murder Club author told his 1.1 million followers. "After 13 wonderful years I'm leaving daytime Pointless, to concentrate on writing. "Will still be doing the celebrity shows and 'HouseOfGames'. "It has been the GREATEST pleasure and I can't wait to start watching as a viewer. Thank you to everyone!" he added. Since Richard confirmed his exit from the BBC game show, the suggestion has also been raised that a star of the Chase might step into his shoes. Betting odds suggest that Paul "The Sinnerman" Sinha might be a top choice among the viewers, with him coming in at Ladbrokes at 6/1. However, Susie Dent of Countdown fame is also a strong contender, according to the predictions, with odds of 5/1. It seems unlikely that Mark would have enough scheduling time to be in the running, having recently announced that he is reuniting with Brooke Burns for the upcoming season of Masterminds. DON'T MISS... Countdown's Rachel Riley fears show stint could spell 'end of career' [INSIGHT] Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [LATEST] Rod Stewart left Tom Fletcher mortified in ‘awful' run-in over songs [DETAILS] However, much to the delight of Mark - and co-star Anne Hegerty - The Case is nominated at the TRIC Awards. Elsewhere, Mark has had to work hard to lose weight and dropped several clothing sizes during the pandemic. The TV star, who is known as The Beast for his tough demeanour on the quizzes, joked that he endured quips about his weight from his co-star Bradley Walsh. However, he tweeted that the banter was inevitable, telling fans: "The joke writers openly admit they won’t stop with the fat-shaming because it makes their job much harder." Earlier this year, he attracted further criticism from Bradley when he beat a swift retreat on an episode of the Chase, leaving his opponents to net £21,000. After bowing out and congratulating the winners, Mark exclaimed: "I'm off!" The sudden retreat prompted Bradley to apologise on his behalf, saying: "To all the kids watching, that is not how you should take defeat." Mark later made his own apology on Twitter, telling fans that his "mental health was shot" and his only options had been to "storm off or break down in tears".