Netflix’s superhero drama Raising Dion followed the life of a single mother who tried to keep her young son’s superpowers a secret and under control. After season two landed on Netflix in February, the streaming platform made the decision to cancel Raising Dion, leaving fans completely outraged.  Raising Dion was the on screen adaptation of a comic book by the same name, written by Dennis Liu. The series told the story of Dion Warren (played by Ja’Siah Young) who at the age of seven acquired magical and superhero-like abilities. Season one revealed the powers were passed down to him from his now-deceased father Mark Warren (Michael B Jordan), who gained them at an Aurora Event in Iceland. However, with his father no longer there, his mother Nicole Warren (Alisha Wainwright) was forced to try to teach Dion how to manage the powers and use them legally. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy Fans were forced to wait almost three years for the second season which eventually returned with a two-year time jump. Viewers got to see Dion who worked on perfecting his skills, while Nicole tried to protect her son from chaos and confusion. However, it looks as though fans will not be seeing the mother and son duo return to screens as Netflix recently confirmed they had cancelled the show Esperanza star Sammi Haney broke the news with an Instagram post, which led the streaming giant to announce its decision. The 11-year-old actress shared screenshots of the show smashing viewership records and various other achievements while thanking fans for their support. It was in the lengthy caption where she shared the news, as she wrote: “Sad to say that Raising Dion is CANCELED. “Thank you for all of the amazing support we got from all of our wonderful fans! “Season 2 was a success, equal to Season 1, even if just looking at how many people watched all of it and wanted a season 3!” DON'T MISS...Tipping Point fans 'heartbroken' as major error costs player £20k [REACTION] Raising Dion season 3: Will there be another series? [INSIGHT]Raising Dion season 2 cast: Who is in the cast? [INSIGHT] The comments were filled with fans who were devastated by the news and responded to share their outrage. An upset @sweetest_sin wrote: “Ugh nooooo! I was patiently waiting for season 3.” @sweetluvlydeath added: “ I really loved this show, sad that we won’t get another season, best of luck and I look forward to seeing you in future roles.” While an annoyed @Just.ami_ complained: “Netflix always does this.” In her caption, Haney added: “The only ‘silver lining’ is that this does free me up to pursue other roles.” She revealed: “My Netflix contract kept me from accepting other major roles offered to me (1 actually written with me in mind) on other tv shows! So if you work for a major studio, hit me up again, I’m ready!” While many fans were upset to see Raising Dion get cancelled, many were glad this meant the young actress was able to star in other shows. This included @e_reene11t who disclosed: “Oh nooooooo!!! I am so sorry to hear this news but sooooo excited for your next project!” Raising Dion is available on Netflix. 