Prince Harry came under fire earlier this week following his controversial interview with NBC presenter Hoda Kotb. The host quizzed the Duke of Sussex over whether he missed his father Prince Charles and brother Prince William. In the same interview, the royal also discussed his visit to the Queen in which he made a comment about the monarch being "protected". The interview has been a hot topic of discussion ever since, and during Thursday's Loose Women things got a tad heated between Denise and Nadia. After showing a clip of Prince Harry's interview, Charlene White turned to Nadia to ask her thoughts on the royal. Recalling a time she saw Prince Harry in a restaurant in LA, Nadia began: "I got the pleasure of watching Prince Harry through a whole afternoon because he was with a table of people eating pizza. "[He was] a lovely, foppish, sort of a bit silly boy and we didn't eat our pizzas which is so unlike me because we were transfixed on how lovely he was." READ MORE: Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’ She continued: "And I still think that of Prince Harry, but actually I think that yesterday was crossing all kinds of lines. "I think today's the Queen's birthday and everybody's going to be talking about what did he mean? "And I think, is it that he really this foppish, silly boy that doesn't realise what he's saying and how, of course, everything he does say is going to be picked over or was this very purposeful? "And if it was purposeful, I don't think that was fair to his nan on her birthday because as he said, this was a private tea." Nadia went on to rage: "And then to suggest to all of the other people that would love his nan... that none of them could protect her and none of them could look after her. "I thought that if he was my brother, if he was my grandson, if he was my nephew...I'm trying to think this is just a family." "They're not just a normal family," Denise interrupted. "I honestly disagree with you completely about that." As Nadia continued to ask Denise what she disagreed with, her co-star ranted: "I disagree with the fact that it was disingenuous to talk about her." DON'T MISS...'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview [VIDEO]Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’  [INSIGHT]Where are John and Anne Darwin now? [CAST] Denise added: "You've got to remember that everybody says 'Well stop talking about them then Harry, if you're not in the Royal Family anymore,' do you think that anybody in this world doesn't talk to Prince Harry about the Royal Family? "I think it might have been a bit loaded when he said...the fact is he said 'We have a laugh and we love each other.' "It is for none of us to dispute that's what his relationship with the Queen is." Denise went on point out that his remark about the Queen being around the right people was "loaded" and "rightly so". Nadia interrupted Denise as she raged: "But why? Why would you give a loaded comment if you don't like people commenting on what you comment on." "He doesn't care about people commenting," Denise shouted as Nadia hit back: "He does. They say all the time, leave us alone." The debate left Loose Women viewers divided and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Agreeing with Nadia, user @fourneillier tweeted: "Well done to Nadia and Jane for standing their ground in the Harry debate with Denise. Impressed. Agreeing with Nadia, user @fourneillier tweeted: "Well done to Nadia and Jane for standing their ground in the Harry debate with Denise. Impressed. Denise can be quite bullish around this topic, not allowing people to disagree with her or to get a word in. Very blinkered. Well done ladies!" (sic) Whereas user @eastleedslass agreed with Denise, as they said: "Spot on @RealDeniseWelsh no matter what Harry does the MSM will attack him. Nadia thinks volume = being right Harry knows stuff that he cannot say so drops hints about." (sic) Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.