Manchester United endured another rotten evening in the Premier League as they limped to a 1-1 draw with Leicester City on Saturday. The disappointing result leaves Ralf Rangnick's side facing a huge challenge to clinch a top-four finish ahead of Arsenal - who are three points ahead of their old rivals with two games in hand. Not for the first time this season, Manchester United had Fred to thank for salvaging a point. The brilliant Brazilian was in the right place at the right time to rifle United back on to level terms just minutes after Kelechi Iheanacho had fired the Foxes into a shock lead. It's hard to fathom that just last season, Fred was pelted with criticism from fans and pundits alike on a consistent basis after struggling to impress following his £47million move from Shakhtar Donetsk. Although the 29-year-old failed to convince as one half of a double pivot, he's played a significant role further forward for United this season, popping up with some pivotal goals. Fred himself told media in Brazil that he preferred playing in a move advanced role - like he does for his national team - rather than the deeper role he was deployed in after being signed by Jose Mourinho back in the summer of 2018. READ MORE: Arsenal on alert as Leicester 'consider selling James Maddison' to raise transfer funds His claims were backed up his ex-international team-mate, Dani Alves, late last year. He insisted that Fred is one of Brazil's best midfielders - and that his previous struggles at Manchester United were down to issues with how he was being used by the club. Alves said back in October: "Every Brazilian becomes world class when wearing the national team jersey. I hear so many people complaining about Fred. But when he plays for Brazil he is better than all of their midfielders. The problem is the club or coach, not Fred." With hindsight, it's hard to disagree with those claims; particularly in the wake of Fred's latest standout performance under Rangnick. The midfielder has looked like a completely different player since being nudged further forward, with his strike on Saturday evening his fourth in the Premier League this season. That tally - coupled with another four assists - means he's already enjoyed his most fruitful season in a United shirt. DON'T MISS...Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel 'did not have high expectations' before Brentford lossGary Lineker pays tribute to Christian Eriksen after Brentford star scores against ChelseaLiverpool hero Jamie Carragher picks out two stars after win over Watford Prior to his remarkable resurgence this year, Fred looked like the most likely candidate to make way in order to tie in with United's plans to finally pursue an elite defensive midfielder at the end of the season. But he now looks like the best bet to play just ahead of whoever United decide to splash the cash on in the summer. Fred's new-found popularity at Old Trafford - and his standout displays - are proof that the midfielder is no longer considered to be the expensive liability he was previously coined as. And with Paul Pogba's long-term future still unclear, Fred could hardly have stepped up at a better time for Manchester United - and he may even end up saving them a handsome transfer fee in the summer if Pogba does walk out on the club again.