Spain is a popular destination for British holidays makers and - according to one vanlife influencer who spends her live camping and caravanning around the glove - offers the most stunning places to camp. Beth Johnston shares her enviable nomadic lifestyle on her platform, She is the Lost Girl. The travel journalist and photographer navigates around the world with her partner. According to Beth, Spain is the most beautiful place in the world to camp. She told Express.co.uk exclusively: "The most beautiful places I've camped during my van life journey are mostly in Spain. I completely fell in love with Spain. I had no idea it would be such a varied country, we found ourselves parked up on the beach, in the mountains, in the desert, and lush forests. READ MORE: 'Brilliant' travel app to find the most beautiful places to camp "For me, it is the best and most beautiful place to live in a van." Beth also told Express.co.uk her favourite spots to camp in the UK. There a number of popular places to camp in the European country. Cool Camping lists a number of them. In Galicia, Camping Sisargas and Los Manzanos are popular sites. Popular in Catalonia are Camping Cala Llevado and Torre le Mora, and in Andalusia campers often visit Balcon de Pitres and Nomad Xperience. DON'T MISSDisposable barbecues face complete ban [SHOCK] Prep like a pro: Advice on outdoor holidays [EXPERT] Camping laws that could see Britons fined £2,500 [WARNING] Wild camping is not legal in Spain. However, it is still possible, in some exceptional cases. There are some places wild camping on the beach is not tolerated at all. This includes on the beach. In fact, just sleeping on the beach is forbidden in Spain and results in fines. The same goes for national parks. However, sleeping in your car is legal - whether in a small car or an RV - so long as you park somewhere you are legally allowed to park. This could be a public car park or private land where the owner has given you permission. Permission from landowners of private will also allow you to free camp in Spain, if they agree you may use their land. Campers should always be aware of the etiquette of camping. If you are wild camping, a fire is unlikely to be permitted. Never leave behind rubbish when camping, always be aware of the noise you are making and don't disturb residents or wildlife. One man detailed his experience of wild camping in England with Express.co.uk. The author Russ Moorhouse wrote about his journey, and the book Fell Asleep tells the story in more detail.