The Easter holidays give children their first lengthy holiday in 2022, with two weeks at home ahead of the spring exams. Easter itself doesn't come until the latter end of the holiday, in the final weekend from Friday, April 15 to Sunday, April 17. While this is a week down the line, forecasters have managed to produce an interim picture of what weather people can expect during that period. Britons have seen a largely unwelcome start to spring 2022, with early wall-to-wall sunshine followed by heavy rain, winds and even snow further south. The rapid change in conditions is unfortunately typical for the season, as the country readjusts for the warmer months. Easter weekend falls around the time charts show that the weather will settle but remain chilly. READ MORE: Welsh farmer's hell as tornado lifts lambs into the air According to WXCharts, which bases its forecasts on data from MetDesk, the coming weekend will start with most of the country draped in cloud and low temperatures. As the new week begins, the country will gradually warm up, with everywhere but northern Scotland seeing temperatures back into double figures by Thursday, April 14. The next few days, including Easter weekend, will remain mostly dry. But temperatures will plummet once again, likely ruining plans for those planning a spring barbecue or garden party. From Friday, April 15, weather charts show an incoming system from the east carrying cold winds. The system will cover southern Scotland and England from the east coast to the Welsh border, causing temperatures to plummet to -1C and -2C. By Saturday, it will arrive in Wales, absorbing England aside from parts of the west coast at Pembrokeshire and Cornwall. Temperatures in the east will drop further, still close to -10C on the coast and -5C towards London and Southampton. On Easter Sunday, most Britons living in England will see temperatures loom around the -7C zone. The western half will warm up slightly but remain below zero, the WXCharts data shows. At this point, Scotland is the warmest part of the UK, with Northern Ireland, as temperatures settle above zero to a maximum of 2C. Met Office long-range forecasters have outlined a north-south split over the next week. The forecast covering April 13 to April 22 shows that rain patterns will differ for those in the northeast and southeast. The Met Office predicts much of the north will remain "windy" over the period. The northwest specifically will appear "more unsettled" with "strong winds and rain at times". The southeast will see rain "occasionally" but generally remain dry and settled.