Oleksandr Usyk will "study' Saturday's world heavyweight title fight between Tyson Fury and Dillian Whyte as the Ukrainian eyes a potential clash with the winner. Fury will defend his WBC and The Ring title belts against his British rival at Wembley Stadium, despite the build-up being plagued by disputes over the purse split with Whyte a no-show at the pre-fight press conference and scheduled open workout. The winner is then tipped to face whoever prevails in the rematch between Usyk and Anthony Joshua in what would be a mouth watering unification bout. Usyk, 35, outclassed his fellow Olympic champion at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium last September, taking a unanimous decision and with it, the WBA (Super), IBF, WBO, and IBO heavyweight titles. The second fight appeared in jeopardy when Usyk confirmed he was returning home to take arms, amid the Russian invasion of Ukraine. However, the southpaw has now received special permission to leave the country and complete his training camp, as he waits for a date and venue to be confirmed for his title defence. And whilst he won't be at Wembley on Saturday to scout his possible future opponents himself, Usyk will have representatives at the event. Furthermore, he'll be keeping a close eye on what transpires from his own training base. JUST IN: Dillian Whyte clears up Tyson Fury knockout sparring rumours ahead of blockbuster clash "Definitely yes,"replied Alexander Krassyuk, Usyk's promoter, when asked if he'd be watching the fight on Sky Sports. "Egis Klimas [Usyk's manager] and myself plan to attend the event and watch it from ringside. At Usyk's training camp, he will watch and study the fight on TV." Fury's homecoming hasn't been promoted in the way many envisaged, largely due to the purse split which will see 'The Gypsy King' pocket around £22 million for simply stepping into the ring. On the contrary, 'The Body Snatcher' will make around £6 million for his long-awaited title shot. DON'T MISS:Amir Khan has watch stolen 'at gun point' in scary London incident with wife FaryalDillian Whyte breaks silence before Tyson Fury fight as he blasts Gypsy King's trash talkTyson Fury breaks silence on Daniel Kinahan after £3.8m bounty put on former advisor  On Monday, Whyte did finally break his vow of silence, telling BT Sport: “I don’t really care about what he [Fury] says or what he does - me and him are gonna have a fight regardless. We’re gonna get in there and we’re gonna fight regardless. I don’t care what he says, I don’t care about mind games - I don’t care about all of that. “Listen, I’m a fighter, I’m a warrior. If he wants it anytime, anywhere, I’m down. He can’t get in my head. If he gets in my head he’s just gonna find a lot of disturbance in there so I don’t give a f***.”