Scots will wake up to a snow weather warning from the UK's national weather service. The impact of adverse conditions could impact many transport networks in the region. The Met Office said: "Snow may cause some disruption across parts of Scotland through Tuesday before clearing northwards." They added: "Some roads and railways likely to be affected with longer journey times by road, bus and train services." The warning has been put in place for much of the day, lasting from 6am until 10pm. Areas affected include: Angus, Perth & Kinross, Aberdeenshire, Moray and Highland. JUST IN: UK snow: Brits brace for onslaught of wintry weather with flood warnings and 23cm snowfall In a more detailed summary, the Met Office said: "Persistent rain over northern Scotland will increasingly turn to snow over high ground during Tuesday morning, then to lower levels by the afternoon. "This is likely to bring some temporary accumulations in places to sea-level, with 2-5cm above 100-200m in places and perhaps 10cm above 300m. "There is some uncertainty by Tuesday night but snow is likely to clear northwards and turn back to rain leading to some snow melt." However, while the Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning in Scotland, much of the rest of the UK will face much milder conditions. Rain and drizzle is forecast for the north and northwest of England. Conditions are expected to be "mainly dry, bright and mild elsewhere". The Met Office's summary for tonight claims: "Further rain/snow northern Scotland, perhaps clearing northwards. "Windy elsewhere with bands of rain and showers moving east across most parts." DON'T MISS: POLL: Should Boris Johnson resign if fined by Met Police? (POLL)Kelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home (INSIGHT)Putin humiliated as Britain refuses Russia's plan to boost economy (REACTION) Looking ahead to later this week, the UK's weather service added: "Unsettled with wintry showers or longer spells of rain and hill snow Thursday and Friday, sunny spells in between. "Drier and brighter for most on Saturday. Cold and often windy."