French President Emmanuel Macron has struggled to distance himself from the image of the ‘President of the rich’ over the last five years. After his victory in first round of the French presidential election, his supporters and campaigners know how crucial it is for him to shake off that image to reach out to more voters ahead of the second round. “It’s an image that he’s had from the start and it’s very hard for him to shake it off. He was a banker, he has this look, this image which some French people say is aloof, some people would go as far as saying he’s arrogant”, France 24 reporter Claire Paccalin said from Emmanuel Macron’s campaign headquarters. “And he’s managed with difficulty to reach out to French people and identify with them. Whatever his policies are, his reputation – that reputation for being a president of the rich has stuck.” “So, the campaigners and supporters that I’ve been speaking to tonight say it’s their job over the next two weeks to try and shake off that image of the president of the rich and try and get voters across the political spectrum of course.” When he got elected in 2017, Macron promised he’d be a ‘jupiterian’ president in reference to Jupiter, meaning he would restore the French executive’s strength. He also promised he’d be a president for all as he launched his own centrist party, the centrist La République en Marche party, which has failed to live up to that reputation. “But mostly, Emmanuel Macron is reaching out to the left, really trying to burnish his left-wing credentials – centre-left and left - ahead of the second round in two weeks’ time. When he launched his 2017 presidential bid, he said he would “overcome the left-right divide.” Over the last 5 years, Macron has pushed for traditional right-wing economic policies like cutting the wealth tax and corporate taxes. Some unions estimate the wealthy have saved sixty billion euros in taxes to the detriment of poorer parts of the country. Some of his economic policies resulted in the years-long yellow vest protests, which started over the high cost of living, economic inequality and taxation that overburden the working and middle classes. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: 'Massive blunder' Putin plot backfires as TWO new countries to join NATO Analysts say these comments should be a wake-up call for Macron ahead of the second round. Polls have shown a narrowing gap between President Macron and Ms Le Pen. One pollster shows a two-point gap between the two, with Macron polling at 51 percent and Le Pen at 49 percent. No French president has been re-elected since Jacques Chirac, with socialist François Hollande and conservative Nicolas Sarkozy only elected once. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: 'Furious' William left 'disgusted' by Meghan's brutal 'attack' on Kate [LIVE]Brexit LIVE: Varadkar says UK 'caused huge disruption' to trade – Ireland unveils new plan [LIVE]Marine Le Pen urged France to take on Britain over Brexit: 'We must raise our voice!' [REPORT] According to polls, this election could see a major uptick in abstention. About 26 percent of French voters failed to turn out in the first round – three percent more than in 2017. In a speech last night, President Macron urged undecided voters to “transcend their differences to come together” and “whichever their political sensitivities and their choice in the first round” to join him. President Macron will be facing off against Ms Le Pen in April 24’s runoff.