Manchester United’s board are unhappy at comments made by Ralf Rangnick after their 4-0 defeat to Liverpool, according to reports. The Red Devils locked horns with Jurgen Klopp’s team on Tuesday night. And they were battered and blown away on a chastening night at Anfield. Manchester United were outplayed by Liverpool on Tuesday night, with Klopp’s side superior in every department. And, after the game, Rangnick admitted that the Red Devils were ‘six years’ behind their fierce rivals when it comes to competing for the major trophies. Now, according to the Telegraph, United are unhappy with the 63-year-old for his comments - believing they’re capable of turning things around quicker than that. Rangnick had said: "Jurgen came six years ago and if you compare the squad he inherited, he came after eight or nine games and finished eighth, this is roundabout where we are currently. “He had a point average of that season of 1.6 but with every transfer window after that they develop the kind of squad we have today. "I am not blaming anyone, not my players nor anyone else, but we just have to realise what kind of squad they had available. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "Look at their bench, look at the four players who weren't even in the squad: Roberto Firmino was the only one who was injured. “Oxlade-Chamberlain wasn't in the squad, Minamino was not in the squad, Harvey Elliott was not in the squad. This shows what kind of quality and team they have built together working with Jurgen and his team for the last six years. "It is not just the quality of players but what kind of mentality they have, what kind of energy and physicality compared with high-speed. I would say they have 25 Formula One cars in their squad." United believe that, for all of their current issues, they’re capable of turning the situation around. And their unhappiness with Rangnick suggests they didn’t want the German to stoke the flames following the dire defeat. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Liverpool, on the night, were comfortable. Luis Diaz got the ball rolling in the fifth minute, with the former Porto star blasting past David De Gea from close range. Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah then added further goals, with the Egypt international then doubling his own tally in the closing stages. The result means United are now sixth in the table, 22 points behind their fierce rivals. And Gary Neville has called on the Glazers to go after another terrible performance. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It would be easy to launch into the players and I've done that enough, because they have to take responsibility,” he said. “You can sometimes point towards the managers that Manchester United have had this season, but you have to start looking above when you see repeated failure over a 10-year period. “They (the Glazers) are taking dividends out of the football club. “No good business, when the core activity of that business is failing miserably, when the cash has been depleted over the last three years to the levels that it has, continue to take money out. “Yes, maybe when the club's rich, it's winning, there's hundreds of millions in the bank, the sponsorship contracts are coming in, there isn't Covid and the stadium's absolutely amazing, you might say, 'OK, the owners can take a dividend'. Not today. “Out of respect, don't take money out of a business when the core activity of the business is failing, when the stadium needs hundreds of millions spending on it, when the training ground needs money spending on it, when the team needs money spending on it, when they need a manager who's paid a handsome wage to compete with [Jurgen] Klopp, [Pep] Guardiola and [Thomas] Tuchel - don't you take money out of that club. These do and that's why they must go. “I’m a capitalist, I'm an entrepreneur, I've got businesses, I understand the theory of borrowing and lending money, and taking money out of a football club. But not when the business is on its knees. “The culture is set from the very top. There's something rotten. “This has been 10 years of poor decision-making, of repeated failure, of lack of investment into the stadium. "They've invested into the football team, I'll give them that, but not with their own money.”