British drivers have been urged by experts at LeaseLoco to “stick within the speed limits” as their research revealed that there are around 3,621 fixed speed cameras installed across multiple regions in the UK. The North West has the most cameras with the figure standing at 657. South East England, with 639 fixed cameras, is the only other region with more than 600 devices. At the other end of the scale, there are only 78 speed cameras across the West Midlands. The East of England came in third place with 480 fixed speed cameras. The region was followed by the East Midlands (434), Wales (316), Yorkshire (297), South West (230), Scotland (202), London (151), and North East (137). READ MORE: Taxi drivers hit out at ‘draconian’ penalty points proposal At a county level, Lancashire (261) has the highest number of fixed speed cameras, 50 percent more than Greater Manchester (174), which is ranked second for cameras. The data, however, does not reveal how many of these cameras are active. And a report published in 2017 revealed that almost half of all fixed speed cameras were not operational. John Wilmot, CEO of LeaseLoco, said: “Speed cameras have been a familiar sight on UK roads for years. DON'T MISS Warm weather driving habits could land drivers with fines up to £5,000 [WARNING] Man calls towing truck on his neighbour for terrible parking [SHOCKING] New EU driving rule could cost up to £2500 if broken [REVEAL] “And this data reveals the disparity between regions when it comes to the number of cameras surveilling our roads, with 500 more across the North West than neighbouring North East England.” Mr Wilmot added: “What this data doesn’t reveal is the percentage of these roadside cameras that are currently operational. “If Police Authorities’ figures from 2017 are still accurate, then only half of speed cameras are active and motorists may be tempted to gamble in light of these odds. “That’s an irresponsible game to play, and even if you do drive through an area where fixed cameras aren’t active, you still won’t be immune from mobile speed cameras. “The best advice is to stick within the speed limits and don’t be tempted to speed.” The data released by 36 police forces in the UK in 2017 showed that of a total 2,838 cameras, just 1,486 - or 52 percent - were active and catching law-breakers. Some forces turned all their cameras off, according to information that was obtained by the Press Association (PA). Northamptonshire police said its cameras were shut off in 2011, but they left the structures in place to deter speeding. PA sent a freedom of information to all 45 police forces in the UK and their speed camera partnership, of which 36 responded with details of their fixed speed cameras. It did not include data on the mobile devices forces used to catch offenders. Staffordshire police said it had 272 cameras across its region but that only 14 were active. While Derbyshire said just 10 of its 112 cameras were active. In common with Northamptonshire, Cleveland, Durham, and North Yorkshire said that none of their fixed cameras were switched on. A spokeswoman for the National Police Chiefs' Council said the decision to use cameras was "an operational matter", adding that "all forces have individual responsibility for their use of speed cameras". She added: “That’s an irresponsible game to play, and even if you do drive through an area where fixed cameras aren’t active, you still won’t be immune from mobile speed cameras. “The best advice is to stick within the speed limits and don’t be tempted to speed.” Edmund King, president of the AA, said: "Many of the empty yellow cases are due to cuts in road safety grants and the fact that digital cameras, although more effective, are very expensive." He added: "It has long been the case that cameras were moved between sites, depending on need. “When it comes to the chances of being caught on camera, it is a postcode lottery. “All cameras in City of London and Suffolk are working whereas only five percent are active in Staffordshire. "However, drivers should remember that lack of a yellow fixed camera doesn't mean they are immune from mobile hidden cameras. “Best advice is stick to the limits rather than gambling on the yellow boxes."