Arsenal want to sign a new striker this summer. And some, such as Ian Wright and Piers Morgan, think Mikel Arteta should move for Cristiano Ronaldo amid the uncertainty over his Manchester United future. Now wouldn’t that be something… Morgan recently took to Twitter to call on Arsenal to move for Ronaldo, saying: "Arsenal should sign Ronaldo this summer. I’m deadly serious. "That would solve our striker problem and help me move on from Aubameyang. I’ve already sorted @Cristiano a shirt." And Wright said on Premier League productions that he’d love to see Ronaldo move to the Emirates, saying: "He’s (Ronaldo) got 13 points alone from winning goals that he’s scored for them. That’s what you get at Man United. "That’s exactly what Arsenal need, because if he wasn’t playing for United they’d be nowhere near where they are. That’s what you pay for and that’s what he’s delivered, he’s amazing." Before we continue, we’d like to make it abundantly clear that United probably wouldn’t let Ronaldo move to Arsenal. There’s also no indication the Gunners will try and snap him up, either. Yet Express Sport is going to have some fun this Easter Monday and take a look at how Arsenal would line up if, somehow, they were able to sign Ronaldo - as well as Ruben Neves and Florian Grillitsch. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz A year ago, Arsenal wanted a new goalkeeper. And they were widely mocked when it emerged they were keen to land Aaron Ramsdale from Sheffield United, despite the Blades going down. But Ramsdale has silenced his critics with some fantastic displays in north London this term. He’s way ahead of Bernd Leno in Arteta’s pecking order. And Ramsdale’s fine form means Arsenal no longer need a top shot-stopper, though they could yet recruit a new goalkeeper if Bernd Leno ends up leaving. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here When Kieran Tierney is fit, he normally gets into the Arsenal team at left-back ahead of Nuno Tavares. And Gabriel and Ben White have enjoyed a positive season together at centre-back, helping the Gunners become tough to beat at the back. At right-back, Takehiro Tomiyasu has been a regular throughout much of the campaign. But Cedric has made that position his own in recent weeks and, at the current rate, will continue to be unleashed from the start. He’s previously said: “He [Tomiyasu] was fit in the last one or two weeks but the coach kept me on the team. So it’s his [Arteta’s] call in the end.” Arsenal would love to revamp their midfield this summer. And that means deals for Hoffenheim star Grillitsch and Wolves midfielder Neves are both possible, with the duo on the Gunners’ transfer radar. Thomas Partey hasn’t always convinced since touching down from Atletico Madrid back in the summer transfer window of 2020. And Granit Xhaka remains a liability, even if he’s done well to resurrect his career in north London. Grillitsch is primed to be available on a free transfer, while Wolves may demand massive money to part ways with Neves given his importance to the Molineux project. Playing ahead of the duo can be Martin Odegaard, who just about edges out Emile Smith Rowe in the No 10 position. What a front three this would be. If Arsenal did land Ronaldo, he’d walk into the team as their centre-forward with very little competition. After all, you’re hardly going to pick Alexandre Lacazette over the Portugal international given how the Frenchman’s powers have waned. On the right would go Gabriel Martinelli. And on the left Bukayo Saka, who has enjoyed a magnificent season so far.