Back in September 2021, the UK, USA and Australia unveiled AUKUS, a three-way defence agreement in response to changing geopolitics, particularly in the Indo-Pacific. In a statement released on Friday, the Prime Minister's office said the AUKUS leaders had "assessed progress" of the trilateral deal, and suggested the Russian invasion of Ukraine had contributed to a joint response from the three nations. The statement outlining the plans for hypersonic missile development praised the building up of Australia's conventional and nuclear arsenal, which was a cornerstone of the AUKUS pact. Downing Street also hinted that the AUKUS cooperation could expand to include other countries as the West looks to isolate Vladimir Putin's regime. No 10 announced they had "committed today to commence new trilateral cooperation on hypersonics and counter-hypersonics, and electronic warfare capabilities". This was in addition to expanding "information sharing and deepen[ing] cooperation on defence innovation". The Downing Street statement read: "We reaffirmed our commitment to AUKUS and to a free and open Indo-Pacific. In light of Russia’s unprovoked, unjustified, and unlawful invasion of Ukraine, we reiterated our unwavering commitment to an international system that respects human rights, the rule of law, and the peaceful resolution of disputes free from coercion. It added: "We are pleased with the progress in our trilateral programme for Australia to establish a conventionally armed, nuclear‑powered submarine capability. "We are fully committed to establishing a robust approach to sharing naval propulsion technology with Australia that strengthens the global non-proliferation regime." It continued: "As our work progresses on these and other critical defence and security capabilities, we will seek opportunities to engage allies and close partners." READ MORE: 'Payback time!' C4 sell off is revenge for Brexit bias hints Tory MP Hypersonics are more difficult to intercept than ballistic missiles, and can change course at very high speeds. Ballistic missiles, on the other hand, typically follow a more fixed trajectory once launched. Beijing has successfully trialled a weapons system that could launch hypersonic missiles over the South Pole. But US defence systems have concentrated their efforts on missiles coming via the North Pole. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: 'Missing the point' Expert slaps down claims EU exit chaos [LIVE]POLL: Do you think Boris Johnson delivered a Brexit 'in name only'? [POLL] Map pinpoints Putin's loss of control [MAP] The Pentagon has pushed forward with developing hypersonic weapons after Beijing pulled ahead in developing its hypersonic arsenal. Hypersonic missiles can fly at over five times the speed of sound. China is known to have conducted tests that run into the hundreds. Admiral John Aquilino, who heads up the Indo-Pacific Command, confirmed that the US was fortifying its relationship with Australia partly due to Chinese hypersonic success.  He told the FT: "The ability to identify and track, and defend against those hypersonics is really the key." He was speaking as the US kicked off talks with Australian security services at a top-secret facility run by the CIA and Australian intelligence services. General James Dickenson, of the Space Command, said the top priority was making "space domain awareness" as good as it could be. This refers to the US's ability to locate and track missiles.