Families could be eligible for a £159 refund if they meet a certain criteria. If the holder does not need their licence again before it expires, and they have at least one complete month left on it, they could be eligible for a £159 refund. A TV licence is needed to watch or record live programming and is a legal requirement for Britons who stream live using BBC iPlayer and Amazon Prime. However, millions of people could get a refund or a discount and it’s not just pensioners who could make savings. TV licence refunds are granted to people whose licence expired less than two years ago. As Britons find their budgets stretched people will be looking to make savings anywhere they can. READ MORE Universal Credit payments boosted to £525 on Monday - how much more are you getting? A normal TV licence costs a household £159 for a colour licence. It is £53.50 for a black and white licence if someone were to pay full price. As part of the refund application process, people must mention the date from when they will no longer need the licence. To get their cash back, licence holders must complete the online refund form, including their name on the TV licence, address and postcode. Anyone who pays for their licence by Direct Debit is encouraged not to cancel it as this will be done on their behalf by TV Licensing. When told to provide evidence as to why they should get a refund, applicants should print out their form and sign it. Original documents cannot be returned to the sender, so only photocopies and printouts of any important materials. Four ways to pay less on the TV licence: Pensioners are the age group who are most likely to be missing out on all the financial help they are entitled to. Some 850,000 additional pensioners could qualify for Pension Credit which would then enable them to apply for a free TV licence if they are also 75 or over. To qualify for Pension Credit, someone needs to have reached state pension age and be earning less than £177.10 per week. Not only would this potentially lead to a free TV licence, but they could also get a council tax reduction and help towards energy bills.