Ukraine's military has turned to a determined little Jack Russell to carry out a dangerous but highly-important mission, to locate landmines and unexploded bombs left scattered by Russia's troops.  The two-year-old pup named Patron, which means 'bullet' in Ukrainian, has sniffed out more than 150 explosives so far saving countless Ukrainian lives. Patron is rewarded for his service with slices of cheese and has been recognised by the Ukrainian Government for his hard work. Ukraine's foreign ministry said on Twitter: "Patron is a service dog in Chernihiv. "He has discovered over 150 explosive devices in Ukraine since the full-scale Russian invasion began. JUST IN: 'Putin on brink: Exiled oligarch says next round of sanctions to deliver 'serious blow  "Patron works closely with deminers to make Ukrainian cities safe again. "Thank you so much for your service." More than two months into an invasion that has flattened cities but failed to capture the capital Kyiv, Russia has mounted a push to seize two eastern provinces in a battle the West views as a decisive turning point in the war. Although Russian troops were pushed out of northern Ukraine last month, they are heavily entrenched in the east, and also still hold a swathe of the south that they seized in March. The United States accused Russia on Thursday of planning to stage fake independence votes to justify its conquest of territory. The US mission to the OSCE security body said the Kremlin might attempt "sham referenda" in southern and eastern areas it had captured since the February 24 invasion, using "a well-worn playbook that steals from history's darkest chapters". "These falsified, illegitimate referenda will undoubtedly be accompanied by a wave of abuses against those who seek to oppose or undermine Moscow's plans," it said. "The international community must make clear that any such referendum will never be recognised as legitimate." Ukraine said there were explosions overnight in the southern city of Kherson, the only regional capital Russia has captured so far since the invasion. Russian troops there had used tear gas and stun grenades on Wednesday to suppress pro-Ukrainian crowds, and were now shelling the entire surrounding region and attacking towards Mykolaiv and Kryvyi Rih, Ukraine said. Russian state media quoted an official from a self-styled pro-Russian "military-civilian commission" in Kherson on Thursday as saying the area would start using Russia's rouble currency from May 1. Ukraine's general staff said Russia was also stepping up its main military assault in the east, where Moscow now aims to seize all of two provinces partially controlled by separatists since 2014. "The enemy is increasing the pace of the offensive operation. The Russian occupiers are exerting intense fire in almost all directions," it said.