Cristiano Ronaldo has followed up on his milestone hat-trick against Norwich City with a typically self-assured message and a promise of more to come. The Manchester United star's goals proved the difference on Saturday and gave Ralf Rangnick and co a lifeline as they push on towards the goal of Champions League qualification. Ronaldo has had to fend off his fair share of doubters since returning to Old Trafford last summer. His second consecutive home Premier League hat-trick made sure of that against the Canaries, and the three goals each showcased a different reason to defend with caution against the Portuguese marksman. United raced into a two-goal lead when the 37-year-old put himself in the right place at the right time to tap in Anthony Elanga's square pass, before a trademark leap allowed him to head home a corner. Kieran Dowell and Teemu Pukki gave the Red Devils an almighty scare, but a rare free-kick goal wrapped up the points for the hosts and sealed Ronaldo's hat-trick in the process. "30 hat-tricks before 30 and 30 hat-tricks after 30," he pointed out on Twitter the following day, "It’s time to unbalance the scale!" JUST IN: West Ham star Nikola Vlasic in tears after Burnley's Ashley Westwood suffers horror injury  While the post was inkeeping with Ronaldo's self-confidence, many others had also cottoned on to the incredible statistic which shows how he has evolved as a player. Ronaldo turned professional as a 17-year-old and racked up 30 hat-tricks in 13 years before his 30th birthday. Since then, in the years footballers are expected to wind down, he has rattled in 30 more trebles in just seven years after transitioning from a wide player to a more orthodox striker. An incredible 44 of those hat-tricks came for Real Madrid, 10 for the Portugese national team and three for Juventus. He notched one during his first spell with United and, despite earning mixed reviews since returning to the club, he has already topped that with two this campaign. READ MOREMan Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claimsMan City goalkeeper Scott Carson 'offers out' Sime Vrsaljko in new Atletico tunnel clipAjax boss Erik ten Hag responds after being congratulated over Man Utd job United fans were recently offered a glimmer of hope amid a dreary season, with Erik ten Hag reportedly in agreement to take over from Rangnick in the summer. However, some reports indicate that he does not see veteran striker Ronaldo as part of his plans. That may change if the goal-scoring extraordinaire continues finding the net between now and the end of the season. Some rumours state that Ronaldo will try and jump ship regardless of Ten Hag's intentions if United fail to make the top four, but his goals may end up firing them there. The narrow win over Norwich came at the perfect time as Arsenal and Tottenham both lost in the Premier League this weekend. That has left United just three points off fourth spot after looking dead and buried in recent weeks. The Red Devils will need all of Ronaldo's experience if they are to close the gap, however, with tough matches against the Gunners, Liverpool and Chelsea all part of their gruelling six-game Premier League run-in.