Gary Neville has admitted he couldn't help being 'unprofessional' whilst commentating on Manchester United's spineless 4-0 defeat against Liverpool on Wednesday night. United were soundly beaten at Anfield in the latest reminder of the current gap in quality and attitude between the bitter rivals. On co-commentary with ex-Liverpool star Jamie Carragher alongside Martin Tyler, Neville didn't mince his words in evaluations during his former club's chastening display. He regularly criticised the visitors for walking and showing a lack of desire in comparison to Liverpool's high-energy attitude. After 19-year-old midfielder Hannibal Mejbri was introduced in the 84th minute, he showed signs of passion and aggression missing throughout the entire game. And as he ran through Liverpool players and committed a foul or two, some viewers were baffled as Neville praised his approach. Whilst co-commenting the defeat, he said: "It takes a young kid to come on and show the rest of them how to sprint for the ball and put a challenge in. I'm actually proud of him! Maybe he doesn't like the idea of Liverpool players passing it around him. I wish the rest of them were the same." JUST IN: Man Utd 'ready to sell' three defenders as Red Devils revive interest  After full-time, Neville admitted that he was 'unprofessional' during the game but maintained that he was 'proud' of Hannibal after he replaced Anthony Elanga on Merseyside. "That is why I aired on to the slightly unprofessional side of commentary tonight," Neville told Sky Sports' coverage. He continued: "When I said that the kid [Mejbri], to be fair, I was proud of him because he was going around trying to top people and trying to kick people. But he demonstrated something; he showed something. He didn't like the idea of Liverpool, at Anfield, passing it around him and the idea of Liverpool taking the mick out of him and his teammates. READ MORE: Arsenal handed Marco Asensio blow with Real ace ‘fascinated' by Milan  "At least he demonstrated something. I am not saying it is brilliant because he could have hurt the Liverpool players, but as a Manchester United fan, you can respond to that." Hannibal's introduction saw his first Premier League minutes of the season and just the second senior league appearance of his career. Given United's mounting injuries, worsened by Paul Pogba's early exit at Anfield, the Tunisia international could be on the verge of receiving more in the final five games of the campaign. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.