Tom Parker’s wife Kelsey Hardwick said she is “overwhelmed” by the wave of support she has received following the death of her beloved husband aged 33. Tom’s death was confirmed by Kelsey on Wednesday following his two-year battle with an inoperable brain tumour. Following an outpouring from those who loved Tom, Kelsey took to Instagram on Saturday to express her gratitude to her 232,000 followers. She shared a throwback snap of the couple on a boat while they were on holiday and penned: “Words can’t express how much all of your love and support means right now. “We are overwhelmed by everyone’s generosity.” The mother-of-two then shared a link to a fundraiser which will see proceeds donated to “amazing causes in Tom’s name”. READ MORE:Monty Don bids farewell to Gardeners' World colleague A heartbreaking description on the GoFundMe page reads: “We want to take everyone’s incredible love, support and generosity and turn our grief into something positive and to keep Tom’s memory alive forever. “We simply couldn’t have got through the last two years without the help and support we have received and if we can offer it back to others that would be the best way to honour Tom and make our two children, Aurelia and Bodhi, proud. “From the bottom of our hearts, a huge thank you. If love alone could have saved Tom, he would have lived forever.” After running for less than a day, the fundraiser has already raised more than £11,000. Kelsey was soon inundated with hundreds of messages in response to her post. Kayleigh wrote: “Sending all my love from my family to yours Kelsey.” While Naomi added: “So very sorry for your loss sending love to you all.” And Isabelle echoed: “We are all feeling his loss so much and we are just fans, I can’t imagine how you must be feeling. He was just the best.” DON'T MISSOnly Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show[LATEST]Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row[INSIGHT]Naga Munchetty hits out as BBC viewer asks if she 'forgot to get dress[NEWS] Tom was diagnosed with stage four glioblastoma in 2020 and initially given 18 months to live. After several rounds of chemotherapy and 30 radiotherapy sessions, Tom beat the odds and outlived his prognosis. This meant he was able to go on tour with his The Wanted bandmates, Max George, Jay McGuinness, Nathan Sykes and Siva Kaneswaren. During the last leg of performances, Tom was too weak to stand and had to remain seated while he was on stage. After wrapping up shows, Tom announced that he had written a book about his illness which is set to be released in July. In a post to his fans, he assured them it is “not about dying” and instead "about living". He wrote: “It's a book about finding hope in whatever situation you're dealt, and living your best life no matter what. "It will show you how having faith in hope and daring to dream means you can carry on, against all odds."