Gemma Atkinson has revealed that one of her fiance Gorka Marquez’s Strictly Come Dancing co-stars helped to resolve a row they were having following the birth of their daughter, Mia. The former Emmerdale actress, 37, explained that Italian dancer professional Giovanni Pernice helped them to dissolve feelings of "resentment" she and her Spanish beau were feeling for one another as she was left to look after Mia while he went on the Here Come The Boys tour after the tot's birth. The former Hollyoaks star explained that the couple received a lot of grief as Gorka embarked on the tour. It ended up causing some resentment between the pair. At the time, Gemma was at home looking after their baby daughter, Mia, who was born in 2019. In a new interview, Gemma explained that people would criticise Gorka while he was on tour with the Here Come The Boys dance show. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show She added that because of that, Gorka had some resentment towards her for being at home while he was on tour. She explained that Giovanni Pernice intervened at the time and helped support them. The star said: “We got a lot of grief for that. “He had people messaging him saying: ‘What kind of father chooses his work over his child?' “They didn’t realise he was contractually obliged. “And how do they expect him to fund this child without working?” "But I resented that he was back on the road touring. “What I didn’t realise was that he was feeling resentment towards me for being at home," she explained to The Sun. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] She explained that she FaceTimed the dancer and realised he wasn’t as happy as she thought. Gemma explained that he was alone on the tour in his room and “got upset”. He told the star that he just wanted to come home. She said she then replied, saying that she thought he had been having a “whale of a time” and didn’t know he was actually upset. Gemma also said that she hoped to have another baby with Gorka. She added that if they are ever “lucky enough” to have another baby, they will learn from their mistakes. The Hollyoaks star said he and Gorka are both “one of two”. She explained that the pair would love to give Mia a sibling.