Teenage tennis sensation Emma Raducanu has had an audition with Italian coach Riccardo Piatti, according to a Gazzetta dello Sport report. Raducanu's coaching situation has dominated much of her fledgling career, with the youngster already having had several coaches by her side over the last 12 months. The Brit rose to fame following her record-breaking victory in New York last September, but has endured an underwhelming run since her maiden Grand Slam win. Since her victory at Flushing Meadows Raducanu has won just four of 11 matches. Her latest disappointment came late last month, after she was dumped out of the Miami Open in the opening round with defeat to Katerina Siniakova. Amid her difficulties, the British star is rumoured to have been training at the Piatti Academy in Italy ahead of the clay-court season. The academy belongs to esteemed Italian coach Riccardo Piatti. The 63-year-old has worked with some of the biggest names in the sport, including Novak Djokovic - who he predicted for stardom before his remarkable rise - Maria Sharapova and Jannik Sinner. JUST IN: Teen tennis ace who slapped opponent in 'barbaric' incident apologises Raducanu only appointed Torben Beltz as her full-time coach last November, and the Gazzetta report doesn't hint at whether the teenager's trip to Italy could spell a possible early end to that partnership or not. A link up with Piatti would be another big move from Raducanu, who has endured plenty of pressure and scrutiny since her US Open win following her recent under-par run. Fellow tennis star Chris Evert has however pledged her support behind the youngster, praising her for dealing with the pressures of being an English athlete ‘beautifully’. DON'T MISSFederer named 'artist' by O'Sullivan in Nadal and Djokovic comparisonDjokovic on Madrid Open entry list as Serb ramps up French Open prepAlcaraz named among Djokovic and Nadal as French Open favourites Speaking to Eurosport, Evert said: “To be a superstar in England is like the toughest thing ever for a player. Even tougher than being a superstar in America where there are so many more athletes in other sports or being a superstar in other countries. “I just think with the tabloids in England it's brutal. I mean basically, they camp out at your doorstep if you're a superstar and that's not good. I think Emma is handling everything beautifully."