According to experts at plant fertiliser brand Phostrogen®, tomatoes taste even better when they’re homegrown and are the “perfect choice” for beginners as they are simple to look after. The experts added: “Not only do tomatoes make an easy addition to any summertime dish, they also provide a wealth of nutritional benefits. A single tomato can provide approximately 40 percent of your daily recommended Vitamin C, as well as Vitamin K and Vitamin A.” But how do you grow tomatoes? The experts explained: “Believe it or not, there are thousands of varieties of tomatoes worldwide, which come in a huge range of colours, sizes and flavours, so it can be overwhelming to know which type to choose. “The first thing to consider is where you’ll be growing tomatoes. Smaller varieties like bitesize sweet cherry tomatoes, may work best in a hanging basket and don’t need much space, whereas full-flavoured meaty beefsteaks will require much more space and a stake or trellis to grow up.” For those who may be new to growing tomatoes, the experts suggested opting for a disease-resistant variety as they are easier to maintain. Tomatoes are easy to grow from seeds and can be sown in containers in a greenhouse or sunny spot from late February through to April. READ MORE: Laundry: How to properly remove ‘yellow’ stains from pillows They will then be ready to harvest from July onwards. The experts said: “Try staggering the dates of when you plant your seeds to ensure you have a steady supply of tomatoes throughout the summer. “Once your seeds have germinated and are approximately three centimetres tall, seedlings can be transferred to a sunny position either in containers or in the ground. “Choose a sunny, sheltered spot - east or south-facing areas are usually best for maximum afternoon sunshine. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share 89p product to stop kitchen bin odours [COMMENT]Alan Titchmarsh: How to ‘perk’ up your lawn and repair bald patches [VIDEO]‘Easiest way’ to make homemade compost ‘without spending a penny’ [EXPERT] “You can also get young plants from all garden centres if you’d like a head start. “When you’re ready to transfer seedlings or young plants, gently plant the stems approximately 10 to 12 inches deep and give each plant plenty of space. “If your tomato variety requires a stake, tie plants onto canes with a figure of eight knot to avoid chafing, and don’t forget to mulch.” Phostrogen® experts warned gardeners of late frosts that can occur during the spring which could kill seedlings. They said it is usually best to leave potting until late May. They added: “Aside from a good sunny spot, the secret to growing tomatoes is in the soil. You need nutrient rich compost to ensure your plant grows big, juicy tomatoes. “The leaves and fruits of a tomato plant consume lots of nutrients, so it’s essential you feed your plants using a specialist fertiliser. “Phostrogen® Organic Tomato Food is ideal for increasing your yield and producing lots of tasty tomatoes. Enriched with seaweed, it provides your plant with the perfect balance of nutrients thanks to an N-P-K of 3-2-7. Available in a handy concentrated liquid, simply mix the recommended dosage into your watering can and water weekly for best results.” There are also a variety of other brands on the market, available to pick up from garden centres. When it comes to watering, it is best not to wet the leaves too much as this can encourage disease such as blight to spread. Phostrogen® experts said: “But ensure that tomato plants aren’t allowed to dry out as this increases the risk of blossom end rot. “Keep soil consistently moist, as fluctuating levels can stunt growth and encourage disease, and remove side-shoots to promote a healthy, full growth.” By sowing them correctly, keeping the soil moist and fertilising the fruit, gardeners will have “bigger, better and tastier” tomatoes.