Transport Secretary Grant Shapps has suggested reducing the need for an MOT renewal to every two years, rather than one, to cut costs for households. Number 10 said the Prime Minister wanted to explore “innovative ways” to ease living costs, with proposals being sent to the Government’s domestic and economic strategy committee for further discussion. Every vehicle that is three-years-old or over must have a current MOT certificate, which drivers must renew once a year. The maximum cost of an MOT for a car is £54.85, while road users need to pay £29.65 for an MOT test for a standard motorcycle. According to the BBC, Mr Shapps wants to look into the possibility of extending renewal times to help drivers. Many on social media have pointed out that changing the rules to having biennial MOTs would save drivers just £27.43 a year. READ MORE: Fury as police seize man's van for parking on the pavement Jack Cousens, head of roads policy at the AA, said drivers would ultimately lose out, especially if they need repairs. He added: “Though well intended, moving the yearly £55 spend on an MOT to every two years could make costs worse for drivers with higher repair bills, make our roads more dangerous and would put jobs in the garage industry at risk. “Only recently the Government stepped away from switching the MOT to every two years on the grounds of road safety. “While AA polling shows overwhelming support from drivers who like the security that an annual health check provides. DON'T MISSBelfast named as the best UK airport for parking – Full list [INSIGHT]Delight at scrapping of EU law that wanted sit-on mowers insured [COMMENT]Drivers warned of huge fines for drinking even in the passenger seat [SHOCKING] “The MOT now highlights major and dangerous defects too, showing how important it is to keep cars in a safe condition. “Rather than fiddling at the edges, drivers would rather see pump price transparency to revive competition on the forecourts or expanding Park and Ride schemes so drivers can avoid higher inner-city driving costs.” Downing Street said this committee would meet "in the coming weeks to finalise the proposals". The prime minister's official spokesman said Chancellor Rishi Sunak "underlined the importance" of not fuelling further inflation during the cabinet meeting, and that departmental budgets "are set" with no plans to currently go beyond these limits. In response to the plans, Sir Ed Davey, leader of the Liberal Democrats, said the proposals showed the Prime Minister was “completely out of ideas during the most profound crisis in decades”. It comes as Labour has warned of a £10billion hike in annual petrol and diesel costs, with "soaring" prices putting the squeeze on household budgets. Labour's shadow secretary of state for transport, Louise Haigh, said: “Labour's plan would help households through this crisis with up to £600 cut off energy bills, funded by a one-off windfall tax on the booming profits of oil and gas producers.” Last year, the Government in Northern Ireland proposed changing the rules around MOT tests to have them every two years. Minister Nichola Mallon said there is “clear support” for switching to holding MOT tests every two years for younger vehicles instead of annually. More than 1,200 responses were gathered through a Call for Evidence and found that 80 percent of drivers agreed that MOT tests should be done on a biennial basis. The Government has also discussed the possibility of lowering legal limits on adult supervision for children in England. Current legal requirements say there must be at least one member of staff for every three children in groups aged two and under, while for two-year-olds and over, there must be one member of staff for every four children. This has also been criticised by policy makers with Munira Wilson, Lib Dem education spokesperson saying it would “cut corners and endanger our children”.