The Electric Vehicle Homecharge Scheme (EVHS) had given the public £350 toward the cost of installing a charger at home since 2014. However the scheme ended on March 31 despite the cost of charging an electric vehicle (EV) likely to rise by some £200 per year. The EVHS has been available to any property owner who has an electric car. Now the grant is no longer available to homeowners who live in ‘single-unit’ properties such as bungalows and detached, semi-detached or terraced houses. For any installation to qualify for the grant it would need to have been completed by 31 March and a claim submitted by 30 April 2022 - though many installers warned some time ago that they were fully booked up until the deadline as EV owners rushed to take advantage of the EVHS. Instead the Government has introduced the 'EV Chargepoint Grant', which is only available to those who live in a flat or rented property. READ MORE: Motorists warned of major driving law changes in April - Car tax rise Commenting on the scheme closing, Fiona Howarth, CEO of Octopus Electric Vehicles, said: “The EV Homecharge Scheme has been a huge success in lowering the barriers for drivers to switch to electric. “The reality is that charging at home is still a lot cheaper than running a car on petrol, even after you take into account the full cost of an installed charger.” She added: 'We will continue to offer a free home charger as part of our salary sacrifice bundle, absorbing the additional cost as the grant ends. “For our customers with driveways, having a smart charger gives them convenient, low-cost charging - taking advantage of abundant, green electricity at off-peak times.” But the energy price cap rose on April 1 by £693 from £1,277 to £1,971 per year for the average household on a default tariff paying via direct debit. Under the previous price cap, electricity cost on average across the UK, 20.8p per kWh. Now, under the new price cap, this will rise 36 per cent to 28.34p per kWh from 1 April. There was also currently a 24.88p per day standing charge cap, which will now rise to 45.34p. However research still shows that switching to an electric car could save drivers as much as £3,108 per year. The figures from leasing company Vanarama showed that by switching to an electric vehicle, the average car owner could save more than £12,000 over the course of four years. That’s enough to fund an extra holiday for a family of four each year, or allow a couple to eat out for two additional nights per week. The savings include EV owners not paying low-emission zone fees, car tax (VED) and fuel savings of around £850 per year. Another study found that EV drivers could extend their range by up to 12 percent and save money on charging, simply by changing their tyres. Specially designed, low rolling resistance tyres can help to extend an EV’s range by up to 12 percent. For newer cars with ranges greater than 250 miles, a tyre with an EU tyre label value of 'A' could benefit from an additional 30 miles per charge compared to a 'C' rated tyre. By making this change, drivers will be able to save even more money on charging, which they will need to do less often.