Robert Lewandowski's reported contract agreement with Barcelona could have huge implications for Manchester City, with the Pole's departure opening the door for Bayern Munich to rival City for Erling Haaland.  Lewandowski, 33, moved from Borussia Dortmund to Munich on a free transfer in 2014 after three superb seasons at the Signal Iduna Park. He has consistently been classed as one of the greatest strikers in the world since his move to the Allianz Arena, scoring an incredible 340 goals in 369 games for Die Roten. But a move away from the club looks to be in the pipeline. A report by Polish news outlet Interia Sport has claimed that Lewandowski has already agreed a contract with Barcelona and wants to join the Catalan giants this coming summer. This would free up a striking spot at Bayern, with the club undoubtedly set to be in the hunt for a world-class striker to replace Lewandowski. And due to their past dealings with Dortmund for the signings of Lewandowski, Mats Hummels and Mario Gotze, it is not inconceivable that Bayern could raid them again, this time for Haaland. The Norwegian prodigy's £68million release clause comes into play in the summer, alerting the majority of Europe's elite as they look to sign a striker who will be at the club for a prolonged period.  READ MORE: Liverpool 'exploring Raphinha transfer' despite signing Luis Diaz due to Leeds clause  City are desperate for a striker after failing to replace Sergio Aguero in the summer. They had bids for Harry Kane turned down which were deemed unsatisfactory by Tottenham. And Haaland is believed to be their main target, although their plans could now be in tatters if Lewandowski departs. Bayern CEO Oliver Kahn believed the club would keep hold of the Polish star despite acknowledging his contract runs out at the end of next season. "Robert Lewandowski is an absolute phenomenon, not only because of his goals, which he keeps on scoring, but also the level at which he's been playing for so many years," Kahn said back in January. "There's nothing better than that. Of course we'll try to get Robert to stay with us. I can imagine he's still good for 25, 30, maybe even more goals a season. It's a kind of insurance for us the way he plays football. DON'T MISS  "Therefore, we'll do everything we can to keep Robert with us for as long as possible." Bayern currently sit top of the Bundesliga by nine points with just five games left in the season. And it is likely they will pick up their tenth consecutive title by the end of the season. That could make them an attractive proposition to Haaland if he'd prefer to stay in Germany rather than move to the Premier League.