Tyson Fury agreed to a unique 'hybrid' crossover bout with a UFC champion just moments after claiming he was set to retire following his dominant win over Dillian Whyte. 'The Gypsy King' controlled the first five rounds of the pair's 'battle of Britain' in front of 94,000 fans at Wembley, before finishing Whyte off with a brutal right uppercut in the sixth. After retaining his WBC and The Ring heavyweight titles, Fury then doubled down on his pre-fight claim that the clash would be his last. And in his post-fight interview, he said this was in all likelihood the "final curtain" on a career that now sees him unbeaten in 33 fights - the controversial draw witrh Deontay Wilder back in December 2018 the only blemish on his record. "You know, I promised my lovely wife Paris of 14 years that after the Wilder 3 fight that'd be it. I meant it," he insisted. "I had a war, it was a great trilogy, and I meant that. But I got offered to Wembley at home and I believed I owed it to the fans and to every person in the United Kingdom to come here and fight at Wembley." JUST IN: Tyson Fury vs Dillian Whyte LIVE: Fury KOs Whyte with uppercut and confirms retirement  "Now it's all done, I have to be a man of my word and I think this is it. This might be the final curtain for the Gypsy King. And what a way to go out. A big thank you to the United Kingdom." Just minutes afterwards though, the Manchester man was seemingly contradicting that claim. In attendance at Wembley was Francis Ngannou, the current UFC heavyweight world champion, and he soon joined Fury in the ring afterwards. talkSPORT online boxing editor Michael Benson tweeted that the pair had agreed on an intriguing clash, posting: "Tyson Fury brought Francis Ngannou into his interview on the US broadcast after KOing Dillian Whyte. The pair agreed to fight in a "hybrid" crossover bout." DON'T MISS:Frank Warren reacts to Tyson Fury saying he'll retire after brutal KO of Dillian WhyteTyson Fury vs Dillian Whyte highlights: How to re-watch full fight including brutal KOBoxing legend Mike Tyson 'repeatedly punches passenger' in furious plane scrap The @MMAHistoryToday account then posted a clip of the pair appearing to agree on a bout. Indeed, the notion of Fury walking away from boxing had previously been met with scepticism, given the prospect of a mouth-watering unification bout with the winner of the Oleksandr Usyk v Anthony Joshua rematch. Prior to facing Whyte, Fury had wowed fans with a spectacular entrance, being carried towards the ring on a throne before climbing down and sprinting through the ropes. He's also created his own version of American Pie, singing some lyrics himself. 