Lisa is best known for playing the role of Beth Tinker on Coronation Street, with the actress making her debut on the ITV soap in 2011 as a new love interest for Steve McDonald (played by Simon Gregson) at the time. The actress is just one of six famous faces taking part in All Star Musicals, with the former Dancing on Ice star performing a rendition of Cabaret. With the actress appearing on a number of shows in recent years, it seems she has a lot of energy to keep going and her age does not hold her back from tackling some of the challenges put before her. The soap star has been on Coronation Street for 11 years now, with the character of Beth becoming one of the soap's most beloved characters alongside various members of the Tinker family, both young and old, who have joined the cast. Lisa was born on October 15, 1970, which means she is currently 51-years-old and she will be celebrating her 52nd birthday later this year. Therefore, when she first joined the cast of the cobbles-based drama in 2011, the soap star was only in her early 40s. However, she is not the only celebrity to celebrate her birthday on this date as a number of high-profile stars share the day with her. These include the likes of boxer Anthony Joshua, guitarist Tito Jackson and the late Charlie's Angels star, Tanya Roberts. READ MORE: Shame' Nick Ferarri blasts Harry and Meghan over security When she decided to take part in the 2020 edition of Dancing on Ice, Lisa was 49-years-old and was celebrating her milestone birthday of turning 50 that year. Part of marking the occasion was to get fitter, the soap actress said, and competing on the reality television programme really helped her to achieve her goal. Lisa explained in an interview: "It's helped me tone up and drop a dress size, but I haven't lost a pound, which is frustrating." Unfortunately, the All Star Musicals contestant had become very self-conscious about her look as she continued to get older. "I've kept a low profile in the past because of my poor body image, I was never confident with my body weight and didn't like how I looked," she said. "I didn't want to be in magazines because the other girls at Corrie are really slim and pretty, and there's a lot of pressure," Lisa continued. "I'm 20-30 years older than them. "I hold myself back a lot. I'm a bag of nerves. I've always been told it's like I have an invisible rope around my neck hanging myself because I know I can do it. "But I stop myself all the time. I'm insecure. I think people will laugh at me," she told the Sunday People Magazine two years ago. In the same interview, she referred back to her days as a youngster and how she had enjoyed ice-skating before giving it up at the age of nine. DON'T MISS...Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim [COMMENT]Beverley Callard health: 'Absolute hell' - star on her botched hip op [COMMENT]From Weatherfield to Man About The House: Paula Wilcox's TV journey [ANALYSIS] The actress said: "I skated when I was a child until I fell and cut my chin open in a competition. Then I lost my confidence and stopped. "It's been 40 years since I've been on the ice. A little voice was telling me I could do it. "I went for the audition and I absolutely loved it, I felt so free. So I signed up. Getting older you start to lose your inhibitions a bit more." Lisa also stated her age was one of the reasons she wanted to do Dancing on Ice as she wanted to represent a huge portion of the audience. "There are lots of women my age, perimenopausal women like me, who are not body confident. I was doing it for them." Lisa will be hoping she can go all the way in All Star Musicals by showcasing her vocal talents for the first time to viewers. They've seen her act and they've seen her dance but it will be up to the judges on the panel to decide if she can sing. Speaking of joining the line-up, the actress said: "All Star Musicals is a dream for me, both professionally and personally. "The team have been so supportive and nurturing and I can't wait to take to the stage," the soap star continued to explain. She will become Liza Minnelli for the performance, donning a bob hairstyle and kimono-style gown to take on the iconic number. All Star Musicals airs tonight at 7:30pm on ITV. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.