Mr Zemmour, who is a far-right politician and polled 7.1 percent in the first round of the French Presidential election, said in a television interview that it was the “8th” time defeat had struck the Le Pen name. The journalist, television and radio personality also added that he had “seen this defeat coming”.  He said: “Alas, this is the 8th time that the defeat has struck the name of Le Pen, I saw this defeat coming for years.” Mr Zemmour’s comments are believed to refer not just to the defeats suffered by Marine Le Pen in the 2012, 2017 and 2022 French Presidential elections but also those of her father Jean-Marie who stood unsuccessfully in five Presidential elections. Mr Le Pen stood in 1974, 1988, 1995, 2002 and 2007 but it was in 2002 that he made his biggest impact when he reached the second round only to be defeated by incumbent Jacques Chirac. However, Mr Zemmour has been slammed for his comments by the French right on social media.   Writing on Twitter, Philippe Olivier, an MEP for Marine Le Pen’s National Rally party, branded Mr Zemmour’s comments as “insulting”. He said: “Insulting words for all patriots who have been fighting for decades.Unworthy!” A number of Mr Olivier’s followers on the social media platform agreed with him. Twitter user, @MichelChassier, wrote: “Mr 7 percent should show a little modesty. He continues to divide our camp, only @MLP_officiel can bring him together.”  READ MORE:Putin filmed 'grimacing and biting his lip' in latest Kremlin footage  Meanwhile, @KristofRN77 added: “So far he didn't even make it to the second round.” Another user, @JeanBon_o_o, said: “It seems to me that it is the people who vote. And you think that Zemmour would have done better than MLP? “Pantin, 83 percent for Macron. Indeed, Zemmour would have done better, and probably offered 95 percent to Macron.” Mr Zemmour identifies as a “Gaullo-Bonapartiste”, a set of views inspired by Napoleon Bonaparte and Charles De Gaulle. DON'T MISS: Macron risks 'lame duck' presidency - 'No honeymoon' [REVEAL] 'Don't want Macron and don't want Le Pen!' French voter exasperated [INSIGHT] Moscow in FLAMES: Misery for Putin as huge plumes of smoke engulf sky [SPOTLIGHT] He has argued that the French state has been in decline since the 1970s, something he has attributed to immigration, feminism, left wing politics and the decline of traditional values. These were views that Mr Zemmour outlined in his 2014 book The French suicide. He is also a supporter of the Great Replacement theory that the French population will eventually be replaced by immigrants. In a public meeting in Lille last year he called for an end to all illegal and legal migration.  Mr Zemmour is also a strong Eurosceptic and is opposed to free trade.