Emma Raducanu has revealed why she wore a Spurs shirt on the practice courts in Germany - and her favourite players. The US Open champion caused a storm on social media yesterday by wearing the personalised No.10 shirt before her appearance at the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix in Stuttgart.  The Bromley teenager, who is a big F1 fan, wore an England shirt in a video message explaining her withdrawal from last year’s Wimbledon during the Euros. And now before her first ever appearance in a WTA Tour event on clay, she is getting into football because her physio Will Herbert and agent Chris Helliar are Tottenham supporters. "My whole team basically are big Spurs fans and I feel like they're egging me on," Raducanu tsaid. "They're desperately trying to get me behind them. I don't necessarily follow football so much, but I feel like now because of them I'm feeling some sort of connection. "I loved following the Euros last year and watching Harry Kane, who's obviously the England captain, and (Heung-min) Son, I'm a big fan of him as well. So yeah, I like to dabble." Herbert later wrote on social media: @spursofficial. Our work is done.” Raducanu is set to play in Stuttgart despite suffering blisters suffered during Great Britain’s Billie Jean King Cup defeat to the Czech Republic at the weekend. The British No.1 has won only two matches in five events this year as she never gained any momentum because of injuries. The world No.12 recorded first pro-level win on clay against Tereza Martincova on the first day in Prague - and now faces Australian qualifier Storm Sanders in the opening round in Stuttgart. Raducanu, who plans to also play in Madrid and Rome before the French Open, said: "It gives me confidence for sure because I played Martincova, who's a great opponent, in Prague, which is her home place. "It was a heavy clay court. Conditions were cold. So to get that win definitely gave me a lot of confidence. She's a great opponent. It's going to be an exciting clay season. I'm not sure how it is going to go. I keep telling everyone around me that one day clay is going to be my surface and I still believe that." "I think game-wise on clay, especially when you're playing outside, you definitely need to be a lot more patient and build the point. You can't just hit a big shot. Whereas on a hard court, you might be able to get a weak shot straight away. You really need to build the point a lot more, which takes a lot more energy and physical demand. "You just have to be more crafty, I think, and I think it's a good lesson, especially for someone younger like me to develop more skills.  I'm looking forward to spending more time on the clay as the years go by because I do like sliding and moving on it, and it's just about again being able to repeat over and over."