Good Morning Britain presenters Susanna Reid and Ed Balls opened up the channels of communications to their viewers to get an insight into personal struggles they have had with the health care system or to see if viewers were in favour of the new opening times. Many disgruntled fans were quick to contact the ITV show, frustrated about being unable to "speak" to their GP and how "unacceptable" this proposition was. Ed began: “GPs in England will vote in a conference next month on whether they cut the hours they open to just nine to five.” “With the system under more strain, is it time to close more family surgeries altogether in favour of walk in centres or even pay for appointments?” Susanna asked. Reading out messages from viewers, the host stated: “Purple Dahlia on Twitter, ‘My GP turned off the econsult three weeks ago, and nobody answers the phone. “I really need to see or at least speak to a doctor.’ Read More: Tipping Point fans 'heartbroken' as slip-up costs player £20k jackpot 'I'm so gutted!' “Sheila says, ‘I’m a terminal patient. My GP made an appointment to discuss medications, three hours after the appointment time, she still hadn’t called. “I called the surgery, they hung up on me and they want to work less.’ “Wendy, ‘The reduction in hours is completely unacceptable, it’s more or less impossible to get through to my GP surgery now let alone with less hours to do so.’” Meanwhile on Twitter, other viewers shared their experiences with @FlopsyPickle adding: "@GMB having a walk in only GP would be a nightmare.   "There are millions of people in the U.K. with chronic illnesses who need to see the same GP and for longer than five minutes. I have 20-30 minute appointments with mine, that wouldn’t work as a walk in #gmb #goodmorningbritain." (sic) "#goodmorningbritain charging for GP appointments would push people to an already crumbling a&e service," Fatma Hatimy chimed in. The ITV show also invited guest Christopher Snowdon from the Institute of Economic Affairs to speak on the matter. Candidly he voiced his concerns with the "failures" in the current system and said: "People are not being seen, they are being triaged by receptionists, they are being forced to call at eight o'clock in the morning as if they call the day before the receptionist effectively lies to you and tells you there are not any appointments for the next month. DON’T MISS…The Repair Shop host Jay Blades has DIY show axed by BBC after just two series [LATEST]Better Call Saul season 6 episode 3 release time: When is the next episode out? [LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest in awe as £4 charity shop frame holds valuable abstract painting [LATEST]  He implied this method was "largely to make it look like they have same-day appointments for the records" and to "get rid of time wasters". The guest also insisted "these are things that could be dealt with by charging for GP appointments".  