The American reality star Kim Kardashian joined chat show host Ellen DeGeneres to promote her family's new Hulu show The Kardashians. However, the 41-year-old was left terrified when the Finding Nemo star played a prank on the mother of four, who has a huge phobia of spiders, teasing Kim she had one in a cage beside where she was sitting. The TV prankster, who is renowned for teasing her guests on set, revealed her surprise after Kim joked how much she enjoys getting scared. The fashionable reality star confessed: “I like to get scared. “I get scared and then I laugh too, like it's funny. She told the chat show host: “It's fun, you know, it's so fun to be scared," READ MORE:Below Deck Sailing Yacht's Charles Sanders hits back at backlash Before the beauty mogul looked over her shoulder and pleaded with Ellen: “No one scare me.” Ellen followed with: “I can help you get over something because you’re scared of spiders.” But Kim interjected as she squirmed in her chair: “No, no, no. We’re not, absolutely not.” "You're not doing this to me, I'm never going to get over it," she continued. The 64-year-old then assured Kim "it's not a loose spider" before she grabbed a clear box with what Ellen teased to have the eight-legged critter in. The beauty influencer then leapt out of her chair and screamed “no” as she began to walk off stage. The docu-series star then said: "No, we've been through this before, I don't care. She protested to the talk show presenter: "I don't care to get over my fear."  While Ellen removed the cage's lid, the presenter smiled: “What if I just hold it?” triggering Kim to step back in fear. The TV star reached her hand inside the cage and pretended to throw the spider at Kim. Kim then let out a scream with her hands up in the air and ran away in fear. Ellen, seeing her reaction, then curled up in the corner as she burst out into hysterics. Kim put her hands together as though she was praying and yelled: “No!” “It’s not real,” the prankster chuckled along with her live studio audience. Realising it was a prank, Kim faked her exit and joked: “Bye everyone,” as she waved at the crowd. Ellen, still amused by Kim’s reaction, was left in fits of laughter. 