Neil Jones, 39, is said to have moved his new model girlfriend, Sienna Hollen, into his London flat. The former Miss Romania, who is believed to be in her early 20s, has only been linked to the dancer for a matter of weeks following his split from Sophie Lily Kerr in February. Nevertheless, it seems their relationship is going from strength to strength and they are taking things to the next level. A source said: “Neil and Sienna are totally smitten and want to spend as much time with each other as possible. “So, it made sense to move in together.” They add that their age gap has not been an issue as they “have plenty in common and get on really well”. READ MORE:Britney Spears, 40, pregnant with first baby with husband Sam Asghari The source continued to The Sun: “It’s still early days but signs are looking good, this relationship may have some legs.” Express.co.uk has contacted Neil’s representatives for comment. Sienna is the latest model to be linked with Neil following the end of his marriage to fellow Strictly star, Katya Jones. Since they split in 2019, Neil dated Colombian dancer Luisa Eusse for five months before moving on with Mexican model Kelly Lopez. When they called time on their romance, Neil dated lingerie model Sophie Lily Kerr for three months until February. Despite his whirlwind love life, Neil and Katya have remained friendly since their divorce and even made a joint appearance on Lorraine last week. The Latin champions were chatting about the upcoming Strictly Professionals tour when host Ranvir Singh asked how they are able to maintain a friendship. Neil replied: "We have just known each other for so long now...I think I am the only person who can get her to be quiet in rehearsals." DON'T MISSDonny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show[LATEST]Andrea McLean's sadness after being forced to sell home amid show exit[INSIGHT]Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress[PICTURES] Katya added: “It's lovely because our relationship started 13 years ago from respect and teamwork and then romance came as a bonus, if you break down that layer there's still a friendship there.” Their appearance came after Seann Walsh admitted his kiss with Katya turned his life “upside down”. The pair were partnered together on Strictly in 2018 when Katya was still married to Neil and Seann was in a relationship with actress Rebecca Humphries. The professional dancer and the comedian made headlines after they were pictured kissing after a night out. Katya and Neil called it quits on their marriage a year after the controversy. Speaking in his new comedy special, Seann Walsh: Kiss, the 36-year-old confessed: “I had to move into a hotel for two weeks because the reporters were waiting outside my house, rummaging through my bins, they even turned up at my parents' house. “My Twitter went bats**t. Thousands and thousands of people telling me they hate me.” Recalling the incident, Seann said he knows it was “awful”. He added: “I’m sorry. I’m still sorry now.”