The 40-year-old actress has explained why she feels only a female director could have worked on the upcoming Netflix mini-series Anatomy of a Scandal. Sienna portrays Sophie Whitehouse whose privileged life as a politician's wife falls apart when dark secrets surface. Ahead of the drama landing on the streaming giant, Sienna opened up on why it "felt right" for a woman to direct the series. The six-part thriller Anatomy of a Scandal has been adapted from the novel of the same by written by Sarah Vaughan. Based in London, the drama unearths the political, as well as personal, scandals of the nation's elite. The series follows MP James Whitehouse (played by Rupert Friend) and his wife Sophie. His success looks as though it will continue until a scandalous secret is exposed. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in... Barrister Kate Woodcroft (Michelle Dockery) and her prosecution set out to tear into James and Sophie's marriage as well as Westminister as the series unfolds. Sophie actress Sienna, who is perhaps best known for her roles in Alfie and Layer Cake, told Radio Times her thoughts about S.J. Clarkson directing the show. She said: “For me, there’s no way a man could’ve directed this story. "Not to say that there weren’t capable male directors who have the sensitivity, but it just felt right that it was a woman because the show really is about women.”  The series was co-created by David E Kelley and Melissa James Gibson. “Based on Sarah's addictive book, the show tackles entitlement, truth and the boundaries of consent,” the pair told Netflix. Other actors starring in the series include Naomi Scott, Josette Simon, Geoffrey Streatfeild and Joshua McGuire. While Netflix users will have to wait until April 15 for the series to air, the streaming giant has released a trailer. DON'T MISS...Jude Law children: Who is the mother of Jude Law's children? [INSIGHT]21 Bridges release date, cast, trailer, plot - all you need to know [LATEST]Russell Crowe looks unrecognisable on set of new TV show  [PICTURES]  The trailer opens with politician James saying: "It meant nothing. It was just sex." Sophie is heard saying: "Nothing's sex. There's more. You're not telling me just to tell me." When the couple are at home James warns his wife that the "story is about to break". As newspapers continue to publish articles about the scandal, Sophie puts the blame on herself.   She says: "Sometimes I think I'm partly to blame. I let things slide. Making things right is all I care about." The naive character believes her husband is telling her the truth and explains: "I know my husband. He's a good man." Will Sophie stand by her husband by the end of the series? Anatomy of a Scandal will be available to stream on Netflix from April 15. 