He has received some backlash, with some political figures branding the plans both wrong and unfeasible. Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper said in no uncertain terms the proposal to send migrants to Rwanda was “extortionate as well as unworkable and unethical”. Former Brexit negotiator for the EU Guy Verhofstadt added its only purpose was to “deflect from those lockdown parties”. Early polling by YouGov has also suggested many Britons are uncomfortable with the scheme. Forty-two percent of respondents to a poll said they opposed the proposal (27 percent “strongly oppose”) compared to 35 percent who said they supported it. But trade unionist and writer Paul Embery insisted whether we like it or not, illegal immigration into Britain is a problem that needs solving and that simply complaining about the Government’s new proposals will achieve nothing. He wrote in a post on Twitter: “Attack the Rwanda plan, by all means. “But the truth is that the British public isn’t prepared to put up with thousands of undocumented people turning up on our shores every week, usually having travelled from a safe country. It’s just not sustainable. READ MORE: Tory peer quits over Boris Johnson 'partygate' fine “So what’s your alternative?” Mr Timothy had a similar message. He insisted those who are critical of the plan must offer alternative suggestions, or risk the problem never being solved. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Mr Timothy wrote in a post on Twitter: “Critics must propose alternatives. Do Labour want more dangerous Channel crossings and the ruination of the asylum system? Compassion isn’t encouraging illegal and dangerous journeys. Nor wasting resources on economic migrants instead of aiding those who really need our help.” He added: “We will see how the new scheme works. But ministers are inching towards an asylum strategy based on three policies – dedicated resettlement programmes, community sponsorship and offshore processing for those who arrive illegally – and that, I think, is the right approach.” Those who responded to the YouGov poll were not asked what alternative they would propose for the Government’s Rwanda plan. The pollster also noted its results were an “almost exact reversal” of results for a previous poll in 2020 when the Government was proposing a similar policy to process migrants on Ascension Island (40 percent in favour, 35 percent against). This suggests disapproval of the current scheme could be a result of a wider frustration with the Government over rising living costs and the fallout of what has been dubbed ‘Partygate’. More than 28,000 migrants crossed the Channel last year. On current trends, it is expected the figure at the end of this year will be far higher.