Up to 3.4 million pensioners could be eligible for Attendance Allowance which is given to people of state pension age who are physically or mentally disabled. Paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) it can be worth up to £370 a month depending on the severity of someone’s condition. While millions of pensioners have been plunged into poverty because of the cost of living crisis, charities are urging people to check they are receiving all the benefits they are entitled to. Some £15billion is lost in unclaimed DWP benefits every year in the UK and pensioners are the group who are most likely to be missing out, according to Age UK. Two of the most underclaimed benefits are Pension Credit and Attendance Allowance. To qualify for Attendance Allowance, pensioners don’t need to have a full time carer, although they will need to prove they need extra assistance during the day or night. READ MORE: Martin Lewis warns there's just two days left to get free £175 To qualify for Attendance Allowance, Britons need to: DON'T MISS:Tesco Clubcard shake-up could affect anyone with points or vouchers [WARNING]List of councils seriously worried about council tax rebate scams [ALERT]'Don’t click!': Urgent parcel scam warning [INSIGHT] Before applying for Attendance Allowance, Age UK recommends being clear about one’s condition and how it affects them. On the Age UK website it states: “Many applications are turned down because people don't mention or aren't clear about how their illness or disability affects their lives. “Don't underestimate your needs when filling in the form.” Some older people are put off filling out the forms, yet people can ask Age UK for help. Tom called Age UK to ask for help making sure his parents received the correct benefits and financial support. Not only did his parents get help with their Attendance Allowance claim, but they also found out they could apply for Pension Credit and Carer’s Allowance. He said: 'As a result, my dad was awarded a lower-rate Attendance Allowance and got over £400 back in arrears. “My mum was awarded the higher-rate Attendance Allowance and she got more than £650 in arrears.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea He continued: “The man who came round to help me with the form also gave my parents a full benefits check. “This meant that they went on to apply for Pension Credit and Carer’s Allowance.” Britons can conduct a benefits check by using the benefits calculator on the Age UK website. Alternatively they can speak to an adviser by calling 0800 678 1602.