Labour MP Emily Thornberry has claimed it was “impossible” Boris Johnson was unaware of lockdown breaches within Downing Street throughout the pandemic. The Shadow Attorney-General claimed the “sheer number” of parties held at the Prime Minister’s home proves the Tory leader was aware of the gatherings. “It is impossible for any reasonable person to believe that it all came as a great surprise to him,” argued Ms Thornberry.     The MP for Islington South and Finsbury remained adamant the lockdown breaches within Number Ten were “led from the top” and Boris Johnson held full knowledge of the rule-breaking. BBC Radio 4 host Mishal Husain challenged Ms Thornberry: "The issue of misleading the House is based on knowingly misleading. "What is the evidence that the Prime Minister knowingly misled Parliament in his statements in December?" Ms Thornberry claimed the huge number of parties regularly held at Number Ten were no “great surprise” to Boris Johnson amid partygate accusations.    She argued that “any reasonable person” could clearly see the Prime Minister “knew what was going on,” within the Downing Street offices. The Shadow Attorney-General claimed there was also much wider knowledge across the Tory party of illegal gatherings. Ms Thornberry pointed towards the “fact that Allegra Stratton was laughing” as proof that there was “no innocence” among wider members of the Conservative party. The Labour MP also claimed statements made by Dominic Raab suggested he was forced to halt the Downing Street parties during his stint as acting Prime Minister while Boris Johnson was in hospital. Read more: Boris Johnson will offer 'full-throated apology' to MPs Ms Thornberry declared the nation was “not going to get” an admission of guilt from Boris Johnson, as “the Prime Minister doesn't tell the truth”. She argued the dishonesty of the Tory leader has meant the opposition is forced to focus on “circumstantial evidence” to determine his involvement in lockdown breaches. The Labour MP remained certain that gatherings were held at Number Ten throughout lockdown “on a regular basis” with the knowledge of the Prime Minister. She asserted it was “clear” Boris Johnson was aware of parties held within his Downing Street home that broke his own covid social distancing guidelines. Don't miss: Have your say: Should Boris be punished further for lockdown breach? [POLL]Sir Lindsay Hoyle announces Partygate vote today as Boris faces fury  [REPORT]Forget envy, let the Chancellor do his job [COMMENT] Ms Thornberry fiercely proclaimed the Prime Minister and other leading members of Number Ten “consciously” defied lockdown rules. She bashed the explanation offered by Boris Johnson as a collection of “pathetic excuses” that dodged admission of knowledgeable wrongdoing. The Prime Minister was issued with a fixed penalty notice for breaching lockdown restrictions on the 19th June 2020. The fine related to a Downing Street gathering which celebrated Boris Johnson’s birthday despite harsh lockdown measures against socialising. The Prime Minister continued to deny he knowingly breached his own Government’s covid restrictions. In a statement released following the fine, the Prime Minister explained, at the time of the gathering, he did not believe his actions “might have been a breach of the rules.”   