Jeremy Kyle and Sharon Osbourne were back on viewers' screens on Tuesday night for the second episode of The Talk on TalkTV. They were joined by Esther Krakue, Tonia Buxton and JJ Anisiobi to discuss the day's biggest headlines. Talk turned to the younger generation getting jobs after a dyslexic accountant was fired for being a "demanding millennial". Jeremy fired a brutal attack at the younger generation and claimed they were lazy and needed to get off their "backsides". Kicking off the conversation as to whether millennials are too entitled in the workplace, Sharon spoke about her experiences when working with young people in her industry. She began: "I find that they don't take direction very well, and at the slightest thing, they whine! It's like, well, you know... 'We have to take a long shower at three, now I need it at one, I've made an appointment. I have to meet my friend'. "'I'm going to do this, I'm going to do that', they whine over the slightest things, and I find that the work ethic has gone because everybody wants it easy. "That working for it doesn't exist anymore, it's like they watch the influencers, and they see that they work from home and teach you how to put make upon. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy "They show you what's in fashion and buy this toy with your child, and they want some of it and listen, I don't blame them, but if only life were so easy." She also went on to explain how she has hired younger staff members and very quickly had to let them go because of their attitude towards working. "Yes, very nicely!" She revealed. "I invite them into the office and say sit down, and then I go, 'Darling, I have something to tell you'. "You try and do it nicely and give them some encouragement, and also you have to say why you're not happy with their work ethic." Jeremy soon gave his opinion on what he thought about millennials and jibed: "I am going to try and be really calm because there is one word for me that sums up this generation and it's 'entitlement'. "We can all say this, we started at the bottom, the work you put in got you to where you were, and there is this feeling amongst the younger generation. "I deserve everything, I want everything, everybody else has got it, I'm going to do it, I have five kids, and the moment they hit 16, they have to go and get a job. "That is absolutely teaching them the work ethic, teach the value of money, I'm not going to wipe your backside," he fumed. DON'T MISS...Jeremy Kyle sparks uproar as he returns to TV after 3 years [INSIGHT]Sharon Osbourne brands Prince Andrew an 'utter disgrace' [LATEST]Vine caller on GP wait 'booked a private one... and it was my own!' [WATCH] Jeremy also slammed the welfare state and felt that there were only three options for millennials, which included going on benefits. "There is a lot of laziness, and they need to get off their backsides and go and make a living! So we're all agreed, you've had it too easy, get off your backsides and make a living." Esther Krakue was on the panel alongside Jeremy and Sharon, to which she opposed and stated: "Hold on, I think a lot of the points are fair. "I don't think entitled is the right word, I think it is more spoilt, which isn't much better, but I think the thing is we are growing up in a very glossy social media generation. "We think all the highlight reels of all these people that we see are what our lives should be like, we see people becoming content creators and think we should get that. "It's a shock to our system when we come out of school and realise that actually, 90 per cent of people go to work every day." Jeremy laughed at her statement and exclaimed: "I know you are the only millennial on this panel, but why is it a shock to go work because you want to learn how to do make up and get people to follow you on Twitter?" The Talk airs weekdays from 9pm on TalkTV.