Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has opened up on the four demands he’s made as the club plan for a brighter future. The Red Devils have struggled so far this term and, as the campaign nears its end, they’re poised to finish without a trophy and no Champions League football. The Glazers need to get their next decisions right, especially with Liverpool and Manchester City so superior in every department. Manchester United thought Rangnick could save the season when they hired the 63-year-old in December, shortly after the dismissal of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. But results have gone from bad to worse, with Saturday’s dull 1-1 draw with Leicester at Old Trafford another low blow. It has been a terrible season for United, despite the fact they spent big on the likes of Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo back in the summer. And Rangnick has now opened up on the four demands he’s made, while also warning it may take some time for the Red Devils to turn their situation around. The first demand he’s made is that United recruit with the needs and demands of their next permanent manager in mind. That’s expected to be Ajax boss Erik ten Hag, who presently leads Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique in the race to secure the post. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Rangnick also wants United to prioritise physical and aggressive players as well. And he wants the club to look into potential signings’ ‘DNA’, too, while stressing they’ll need at least three transfer windows to put things right. “Manchester City and Liverpool … have been built together and recruited over a period of five or six years - all of them under the premise of how the coaches want to play,” Rangnick said. “I told the board this is what has to happen [at United]. “Whenever the new head coach is clear, it has to be: how does he want to play and what kind of players do we need for that? “Then we come back to DNA, speed, physicality, tempo. What do we need? This team does not lack technical players, it can do with more physicality. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players “It takes right decisions and [clarity over] where you want to go: what kind of players, want kind of manager and then, in every transfer window, try to get the best possible. “This is rocket science. It has to be done and, if that happens, it does not necessarily need three or four years. “Maybe in two or three transfer windows, then the situation could be different.” After United’s 1-1 draw with Leicester, Rangnick also suggested his side didn’t lack character - but did fail on the physical front. “I don’t think we have a lack of character but what was obvious in some parts of the game is we were second best with regards to physicality,” he said. “It was about one on one duels. “We spoke about that counter-attacking moment we had ourselves where they tackled us twice, within two seconds [and went on to score] and the same was true in quite a few other moments. “Whenever there was body contact, too often we were second best. “That is something we have to get better at for the rest of this season but even more so for next season.” Rangnick also defended his decision not to start Marcus Rashford against the Foxes, too. “[With] Marcus, it’s no secret that he is not having his best time right now, it has to do with rhythm and confidence as well and, yeah, again it’s our job to help him to get this confidence back and that is why I decided to bring him on,” he said. “In the end, he has to do it himself obviously but the only thing we can do is speak to him regularly and tell him what we expect from him and what he should do. The rest has to be done by himself. “There are quite a few examples this season of players - some of them who are still here with us and one or two of who are no longer here - who have shown that it is possible to develop within a couple of weeks a level of confidence where you can be a different player again. “We all know that Marcus can play better, but again in the end the steps he has to take himself.” The Glazers need to get this summer right at United. Because, if they don't, the club's struggles in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement will only continue.