The state pension is usually issued once every four weeks to those who are eligible. It should always be paid on a weekday, and usually on the same day of the week. What day a person is paid will hinge on the last two digits of their National Insurance number. For digits 00 to 19, payment is Monday, and Tuesday for those 20 to 39. If the number falls between 40 and 59, then payment can be expected on a Wednesday. Thursday payments are reserved for those with digits 60 to 79, and Friday for numbers 80 to 99. READ MORE: WASPI women urge compensation for state pension age changes However, some individuals will get an earlier issue of their state pension today. Tomorrow is Good Friday, which marks the start of the bank holiday weekend, lasting from April 15 to 18. It encompasses Monday, April 18 which is marked as Easter Monday. Bank holidays mean the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) departs from its usual timetable for payments. DON'T MISSWASPI women receive update - 'further evidence' to be reviewed [UPDATE]Drawdown vs. annuity - how to determine what's best for your pension [ANALYSIS]‘Had no idea!’ WASPI woman, 70, frustrated at state pension age change [EXCLUSIVE] As the Department scales back its operations, so too will payments of state pension and benefits be changed. To avoid Britons being left out of pocket, the DWP will usually issue state pension payments early. It means those who are expecting payment on Friday April 15, or Monday April 18, should receive an earlier payment. Today - Thursday, April 14 - is the last working day before the bank holiday weekend, so people can expect a payment today. Thankfully, individuals will not need to take any action to receive earlier payment. This is because it should be automatically processed to avoid complications. People receiving the state pension for the first time will need to put in a claim for the sum. They will be able to apply online through the Government’s portal, or by calling the Pension Service to request a claim form. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The first payment should be within five weeks of a person reaching state pension age. After that point, individuals will get a full payment every four weeks. Pensioners might get part of a payment before their first full payment. However, they will also receive a letter which tells them what to expect.