Airbnb has named the top 10 trending staycation destinations for Easter.  Each of the stunning destinations has something great to offer. Airbnb has named the top 10 trending staycation destinations for Easter. Each of the stunning destinations have something great to offer. READ MORE: P&O Ferries cancels all trips this weekend  The number one spot for an Easter staycation was stunning Prestatyn in Denbighshire in Wales. Prestatyn is a beautiful seaside town with a gorgeous coastline and plenty of family friendly attractions. One visitor to the Lido Beach in Prestatyn wrote on Tripadvisor: “Went on the beach with my family several times. “What a beautiful and clean beach it was. My wife spent hours looking through all the shells.”# The second best spot for an Easter staycation was another Welsh favourite, Carmarthen in Carmarthenshire. Tourists in Carmarthen could visit the unique British Bird of Prey Centre for an exciting day out. One visitor said: “I was treated to a woodland walk owl experience with Rusty the Long-eared Owl as a gift from my daughter. “Rusty’s handler was very helpful and knowledgeable in the handling of this beautiful bird of prey. Staycationers could also explore Laugharne Castle or Carmarthenshire museum to learn more about the local area. The top rated spot in England was Aintree in Merseyside. It won’t be a surprise to see Aintree trending just as the Grand National takes place on April 9. Sheffield was the second highest ranked English spot. The Yorkshire city is one of this year’s most exciting destinations. Visitors could explore the Millenium Gallery, Sheffield’s destination for arts, crafts and home to the city’s Metalwork Collection. Sheffield’s Winter Garden is also well worth exploring while the Botanical Gardens are stunning. Balloch in West Dunbartonshire was Scotland’s top rated destination. The village sits at the foot of Loch Lomond. The charming village is easily reached from Glasgow and is a fantastic starting point for a day out at Loch Lomond. From water skiing to hiking, there are many activities for families to enjoy on an Easter staycation in Balloch.