Former EastEnders star Ross Kemp is back on screens with Searching for Michael Jackson's Zoo as he goes behind the scenes of the legendary Neverland ranch.The actor traveled to the US to discover what happened to the star's animal collection after the ranch shut its doors, and spoke to conservationist Jane Goodall, who claimed the singer "hit" his monkey Bubbles. Michaels' Neverland ranch reportedly housed around 50 different species of animals, including giraffes, elephants and tigers, with their whereabouts largely unknown since the singer's death in 2009. In the documentary, set to air on ITV, Ross spoke to Jane, who detailed the conditions the animals had to endure at the California ranch. She said: "He looked at me and [asked] 'You wouldn't approve of a chimp being hit over the head, would you?' "I said, 'No, Michael, you know I wouldn't.' Read More: 'British public don't want them' Lady C warns Meghan and Harry will be 'booed' on return   "Bubbles was hit when he did something wrong. Michael said that once he was hit across the room." The animal lover flipped the question back on the music icon and added: "I said, 'Well, Michael, did you think that was all right?' And he said, 'No, not really.'" Bubble, who is now 39, lives a happy life at the Centre for Great Apes in Florida and has been there since 2004. Other of the star's well animals were harder to track down, with Ross travelling across the US to track many of them down.   Also featured in the documentary included two of Michael's elephants Ali and Baba, allegedly purchased by drug trafficker Riccardo Ghiazza, a convicted animal torturer. Fans of the pop star are sure to be torn after the new documentary premieres with exclusive footage from inside Neverland showing animal cruelty. Scenes are set to show the elephants being trained with banned equipment in multiple states, such as bull hooks. Keeping his identity anonymous for protective purposes, a former elephant trainer said: "Back in those days, that was the way I was trained. DON’T MISS…The Repair Shop host Jay Blades has DIY show axed by BBC after just two series [LATEST]‘People will look at you!’ Eamonn Holmes wades into row as UK countryside branded racist [LATEST]'You weren't in cabinet' Boris slaps down TalkTV's Tom in tense cost of living probe [LATEST] "But I was also trained that it's not supposed to be a weapon. "Nothing makes anything OK, but this is stuff from years and years and years ago." Ross also speaks to Mark Biancaniello, a former Neverland Zoo trainer, who claims Michael cared deeply for his animals. “I think for the people that really knew Michael on a deeper level and saw his connection to the animals and everything there's no doubt the compassion and the care and the sensitivity that he had towards his animals,” he said.  “I think that's the biggest legacy in my mind. I know that all the animals got great homes.” 