Shopping around for the best deals on food, household bills and other essential costs can help people unlock money within a budget. If a person can set money aside, actively searching for the best savings account deals can also help make their money work harder. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively with Brean Horne, personal finance expert at NerdWallet on “unique ways” that people can save, especially in such financially draining times. Firstly, she mentioned the importance of budgeting. She explained that this is “vital” for becoming financially savvy and spotting area’s in one’s life where they can make savings. She went on to discuss a way that everyone can try and save. Ms Horne said: “Savings challenges are a great way to help you build up a nest egg. For example, with the daily penny savings challenge, savers could pocket over £600 a year. READ MORE: Disability Living Allowance explained as thousands set to move to new benefit Ms Horne reminded savers that they do not have to wait until the new year to start putting money away. The “real key” to saving is consistency, she said. So it’s better to start with a smaller goal or challenge to help build up a good savings habit and keep tum going. She said: “Every little helps and before long the amounts being put away will add up to a lucrative lump sum." With inflation hitting a record high of seven percent, many savers will be looking to make any money they have work harder for them. Ms Horne explained that while chasing deals with the highest interest rates may sound appealing, savers may want to to factor their financial circumstances into consideration before applying for an account. She continued: “For instance, fixed-rate savings accounts tend to pay higher levels of interest, however, they come with more restrictions about when and how money is accessed. “In some cases, savings can be tied up for years until the account matures or there may be a penalty fee for early withdrawals.  “Although easy access savings accounts pay lower rates of interest, they offer more flexibility for withdrawals which may be useful in emergencies. “Once you’ve decided on the best type of savings account, shopping around for the deals can help you find the best rates. “Price comparison websites are a great place to start and can help you sort through hundreds of accounts quickly. “Having a separate savings account can help reduce the temptation to dip into your nest egg too.”