Bruce Willis’ wife Emma Heming Willis, 43, is said to be trying to “keep it together” for their daughters, Mabel, 10, and Evelyn, seven, following the actor’s aphasia diagnosis. The star's brain condition was announced by his eldest daughter Rumer Willis earlier in the week on social media and the Hollywood legend, 67, has since been inundated with messages of support. The condition is caused by damage to the brain and affects the sufferer's ability to use and understand language. As a result, Bruce has retired from acting after almost four decades on the silver screen. A source close to the couple has claimed his condition has “been hard” on Emma because “it’s not easy seeing a spouse decline”. They added that she is “working with several professionals and has arranged for [Bruce] to see the best doctors” so he gets the best possible care. The insider claimed: “[Bruce] has an assistant at home to make sure that he is safe, but Emma takes care of him too. READ MORE:Richard Williams ‘doesn’t condone’ Will Smith Oscars slap "Because Bruce is older than Emma, they knew that his health might decline sooner than hers. "Still, his diagnosis has been shocking for her," they claimed to PEOPLE. On Saturday, Emma said she had been able to find an “upside” during this difficult time. Taking to her Instagram story, she reshared a post from John Travolta which featured a photo of Bruce holding his arm around John’s shoulder. John reminisced about the pair working together on Pulp Fiction and Look Who's Talking, describing him as a "generous soul" and expressing how much he loves his co-star. Emma was moved by John's post and captioned her story in view of her 215,000 followers: “What are the upsides right now? Getting to hear countless stories about my kind-hearted husband.” Earlier this week Emma took to the social media platform to thank fans for their outpouring of support. Via her Instagram story on Thursday, she said: “Your love, support, compassion, prayers really help. “I’m grateful. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.” DON'T MISSRicky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row[LATEST]Monty Don divides fans by unveiling big team behind his famous garden[INSIGHT]Naga Munchetty hits out as BBC viewer asks if she 'forgot to get dress[NEWS] Emma shared the news of Bruce’s sad diagnosis in a joint statement with his ex-wife Demi Moore and older daughters Scout, Tallulah and Rumer. They penned: ”To Bruce’s amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities. “As a result of this and with much consideration Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him. “This is a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support. "We are moving through this as a strong family unit, and wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him. “As Bruce always says, 'Live it up' and together we plan to do just that," the post ended. Bruce and Emma wed in 2009 in a ceremony in Turks and Caicos. He was previously married to Demi from 1987 until 1998.