Tom Selleck currently stars as Frank Reagen on CBS’ hit procedural drama Blue Bloods. However, throughout his extensive 50 years career, he has starred in a number of projects including Jesse Stone, and as fans eagerly await its final instalment, Selleck dropped a major update.  Jesse Stone is a hit crime film which followed homicide detective Jesse Stone (played by Tom Selleck) as he investigated brutal murders in Los Angeles. The film, which premiered in 2005, was the onscreen adaptation of a series of detective novels written by Robert B. Parker. To date, the series consists of nine films, which is also the number of books written by Parker from 1997 until his death in 2010. In addition to starring as the lead character, Selleck is also credited as a producer for the series. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small boss details story development  The fifth film, ‘Jesse Stone: Thin Ice’, is an exception of Parker’s book releases as it’s an original story written by Selleck. The most recent instalment of the film series was ‘Jesse Stone: Lost in Paradise’ which was released in 2015. Although it's been almost seven years since fans last saw Selleck in this role, they will be glad to know a tenth film is in active development. For TV Insider, the 77-year-old actor answered fans' questions and delivered a huge update about the Jesse Stone project.  When asked about the movie, Selleck assured fans and confirmed: “I’m still working on it!” although, “It isn’t the same cumulative narrative anymore.” He said: “As time has passed, I’m older and the Jesse Stone audience needs to account for that. He’s at a different part of his life. “That’s interesting, but that’s not the script we started to do after we finished the ninth movie. “We have a deal with Hallmark Channel, but they’ve moved on to [other] shows.”  DON'T MISS...Adam Henson gives sad update on beloved dog Peg [INSIGHT] Blue Bloods plot hole: Frank once got his childrens' ages wrong [BLUNDER] Blue Bloods theory: Jamie betrays Frank to report officer assault [THEORY] Selleck continued: “It’s saleable, and if it’s not on Hallmark, we could end up elsewhere. “One of the first questions I always get from people I meet is, ‘Are we going to see another Jesse Stone?’” The actor concluded: “Yes, Blue Bloods comes up and Magnum and even Friends, but first, it’s, ‘please do another Jesse Stone!’” Though Selleck shared that Jesse Stone ten may not appear on Hallmark, during an interview with Parade he did reveal another platform could be better suited.  He stated: “In some ways going to some of these other streaming outlets, like Netflix or Amazon, it’s a new world. “I’ve always felt Jesse suffers a little bit under the strains of some of the conventions of broadcast television. “He’s a fairly dark individual. They’re adult stories and I think we can make them more so with a little more, not licence, but freedom.” Selleck added: “So, I’m enthused, but I don’t have anything. I have agents and they’re talking.” Blue Bloods is available on CBS in the US and is available. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 