Zoopla has now revealed the most expensive towns to buy in outside of London - so if you’ve got a few million to spare, you might want to consider buying a home in one of the following much-desired areas. The housing market has gone from strength to strength despite years of economic difficulty for the UK - and homebuyers are largely undeterred from securing their dream home, particularly in the most desirable areas of the UK Director of Henry Dannell, Geoff Garrett, told Express.co.uk: “Despite a string of interest rate increases and the inevitable impact this has had on monthly mortgage costs, the nation’s homebuyers are seemingly undeterred and continue to flood the market at mass. “However, the general consensus is that this squeeze on mortgage affordability coupled with the increase in living costs will start to cool the current rate of house price growth as the year goes on. “While this may not be substantial enough to reverse the upward house price trends being seen at present, it’s almost certainly going to slow what have been some meteoric rises in recent months.” READ MORE: House prices: Which English region has seen house prices surge most? A charming commuter town for the capital remains the highest value place to live, according to Zoopla. Your average home will set you back £1.6 million, but some streets could see you paying as much as £6.7 million. Set in the Chiltern Hills, the picturesque town of Beaconsfield has an appealing blend of Tudor and Georgian homes. But it comes at a price - the average home in Beaconsfield will set you back just short of £1.2 million. Just outside of Guildford, Cobham is a quiet town set around a red brick water mill - and is one of the most desirable places to live in the UK. A home in Cobham will cost you an average of £1.2 million. Chalfont St Giles is more remote than other towns in Zoopla’s top five most expensive property hotspots, but it certainly adds to the charm of this well-known haven. The average price of a detached home in Chalfont St Giles is £1.2 million, according to Zoopla. With close proximity to London and surrounding woodland and National Trust sites, its no wonder Esher has made it into the top five. The average sold price of a home in Esher is around £1 million. DON'T MISSHouse prices: What the spring property boom means for your move [INSIGHT]Property and DIY shows: The best home improvement shows to watch [EXPLAINER]‘Rekindle Thatcher’s VISION’ MP calls for limits on homes bought [REPORT] The rest of the top 15 are: 6. Gerrards Cross, Buckinghamshire - £1,062,1327. Radlett, Hertfordshire - £1,041,1768. Hartfield, East Sussex - £1,020,7809. Brockenshurst, Hampshire - £1,001,74110. Weybridge, Surrey - £996,601 11. Harpenden, Hertfordshire - £995,48012. East Molesey, Surrey - £987,42013. Henley-on-Thames, Oxfordshire - £964,75714. Ascot, Windsor and Maidenhead, Berkshire - £960,51615. Welwyn, Hertfordshire - £879,637