Noah Cunningham from Southport, Lancashire was set to fly from Liverpool John Lennon Airport to Rome on Thursday with his brother and two carers with money he had saved from his 18th birthday. However, Mr Cunningham's mum Vicki said he had his dream trip "taken away in such a humiliating way" when staff decided his electric wheelchair wouldn't fit after he'd already boarded the plane.  Vicki said Noah, who has Duchenne muscular dystrophy, a progressive, muscle-wasting condition, had provided the measurements of his wheelchair to the airline before his trip and was not informed there was anything wrong with the measurements provided. Ryanair claimed incorrect dimensions had been provided, and the wheelchair exceeded the maximum dimensions to safely load onto the aircraft. Vicki told The Liverpool Echo, Noah had been planning the trip “for years” after being “stuck in lockdown”. She said: “He's always wanted to go to Rome - he loves history. It was his 18th birthday.  “He had all this money for his birthday, he was going on this little trip that he's been planning for years stuck in lockdown and he was finally going to go. “Lots of his friends are going on holidays now they're 18 and Noah can't do that. This was his little trip he was looking forward to and now it's been taken away in such a humiliating way.” Vicki said Noah had obtained letters from his GP and hospital ahead of travelling which explained the medical equipment he required with him on the flight which included two ventilators, a suction machine and a feeding pump. He also completed a waiver form sent to him by Ryanair to waiver the cost of carrying this medical equipment onboard with him. READ MORE: Boris Johnson refuses to rule out plunging UK into new lockdown if new  However, the problems began at check in when Ryanair staff said they didn’t know what the waiver form was and charged him £70 to take his medical supplies on the aircraft. Vicki said that Ryanair staff were most unhelpful when they found out about Noah's wheelchair with the pilot claiming it would “ruin” the aircraft. She said: “They came up and said 'we can't get the wheelchair on you're going to have to come and help. “The pilot said 'you're going to ruin my plane. You're not putting that on.' DON'T MISS:  Oil price crash: UK motorists relief as West plans emergency release  [REVEAL] Britain to be lashed with 4cm snow as bitter -5C cold snap returns  [INSIGHT] Have your say: Would YOU follow the rules if Boris enacts lockdown? [SPOTLIGHT]  “At that point they'd broken the wheelchair - the control - you have to push him in it now. “All the passengers had been sitting on the plane for an hour, they were fed up as you can imagine. “[Staff] came onboard and said [to Noah] you'll have to get off, we can't get your wheelchair on.' They had to lift him off and away in front of everyone.” Ryanair said they had refunded the ticket as a “gesture of goodwill” but a spokesperson defended the decision to kick Noah off the flight. They said: “In order to ensure that passengers travelling with their own electric wheelchair can be accommodated, an electric mobility device form must be completed prior to their flight. “Unfortunately, this passenger provided incorrect dimensions for his wheelchair, which transpired to exceed the maximum dimensions to safely load onto the aircraft. “Regrettably, this passenger was unable to fly as the wheelchair would not safely fit into the hold. “As incorrect dimensions were provided, we were unable to pre-notify this passenger that his wheelchair would not fit.” 