Manchester United midfielder Juan Mata isn't planning to retire at the end of the season amid speculation over his future, per reports. Mata is one of several United players keeping their cards close to their chests regarding where they will be playing next season, but an Old Trafford stay looks out of the question. The 33-year-old signed a one-year contract extension last July, much to supporters' confusion, given his limited role under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer throughout the 2020/21 campaign. And that bewilderment has been justified, with Mata making just two starts in all competitions and not recording a single Premier League appearance this term. But according to Fabrizio Romano, the Spanish fan favourite won't retire this summer, despite his United contract expiring in June. He is currently focused on finishing his ninth season with the Red Devils before planning his future, which is likely to be elsewhere. Some suggestions have forecasted that Mata could join United's new-look coaching staff next season under their incoming permanent manager. However, Romano claims that such a role isn't in Mata's thinking, and he will continue his playing career away from Manchester. JUST IN: Parlour warns Chelsea Arsenal are ready to boot them out of the top 4 Mata has been widely loved by United fans since David Moyes signed him from Premier League rivals Chelsea in January 2014. He has made 271 appearances for the club across the last eight years, registering 51 goals and 40 assists in all competitions. The tricky playmaker hasn't achieved as much success as he would've hoped for upon his arrival in M16. But he has tasted silverware in the form of the 2015/16 FA Cup under Louis van Gaal before lifting the League Cup and Europa League under Jose Mourinho in the following season. READ MORE: Dele Alli blasted as a 'complete waste of time' by Simon Jordan Mata's departure would be the right outcome for all parties, with his diminished role not even close to justifying his hefty £160,000-a-week salary. He is currently the club's 10th highest earner, raking in more than the likes of Luke Shaw, Fred and Victor Lindelof. A return to Spain would be a popular prediction in terms of his next destination, should he leave Old Trafford on a free transfer as expected. Mata could fancy a new challenge elsewhere, though, maybe in another top European league in France, Germany or Italy. Or could he head further from home to become the MLS or Chinese Super League's latest marquee capture? The specifics of his next move is unclear for the time being. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here