  BBC Breakfast star Dan Walker, 45, is making his debut on a new show after news of his exit from the popular programme was announced earlier this month. The presenter seems to still be on good terms with his soon-to-be-former employer, however, as he is set to appear in BBC series The Wheel.      Michael McIntyre’s The Wheel, is a game show hosted by the comedian and broadcasted on Saturday evenings on BBC One. Dan will join a host of other celebrities as they help contestants from the general public try to win a cash prize, all while sitting on a giant spinning wheel. Taking to Instagram on Friday, the presenter shared the news with his 274,000 followers. Dan shared a snap of himself smiling as he’s strapped into one of the chairs on the big wheel. READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’     “Well… That was intense!” the former Strictly Come Dancing star penned. “Can’t wait for you to watch it #TheWheel”. This exciting new show debut isn’t the only thing Dan’s fans will have to look forward to, however, as the journalist is also set to join the team at Channel 5 in the imminent future. The presenter will be lead anchor of the channel’s recently re-launched 5pm news bulletin.      On the show he will join Claudia-Liza Vanderpuije who co-presents 5 News, which is produced by ITN. At the time, the father-of-three admitted that the opportunity was “too good to turn down.” He issued a statement about his career move, which said: “I can't wait to get stuck into the daily news show, but I am also excited about making some great new TV for Channel 5. "I love their ideas and creativity and it’s rare to get an opportunity like this where paths and ambitions meet.      "The chance to do something different was too good to turn down.” He was also forced to address rumours that his motive for moving across to Channel 5 was primarily financial. Taking to Instagram a couple of weeks ago, he wrote: “It is often the case that the simple truth is much duller than all the made-up ‘moles’ and so-called ‘sources’ claim. “In a nutshell… a bloke with a really good job, which he loved, got offered a really good job somewhere else which provided an amazing new challenge and the opportunity to make some exciting telly.      “The bloke explained to his current employers that, even though it was a tough decision, he had decided to leave. “They are now trying their best to allow him to make a dignified departure. “Have a lovely Monday. I’m off to have some toast,” he concluded firmly. BBC Breakfast continues weekdays at 6am on BBC One. Michael McIntyre's The Wheel is available now on BBC iPlayer.    