World heavyweight champion Tyson Fury will stun fans and critics alike during his weigh-in ahead of his blockbuster clash with Dillian Whyte at Wembley Stadium next weekend, according to his nutritionist - who has also claimed the Brit could retire after the contest. Fury is set to fight for the first time since he secured a stunning win over American superstar Deontay Wilder last October in their epic grudge trilogy. Ahead of major world title fights, Fury traditionally keeps his preparation under wraps by using mind games and verbal attrition to get under the skin of his opponent. The WBC champion has insisted he will enter his sell-out clash against Whyte weighing a career-high, although his true weight will be revealed on April 22. The Gypsy King’s nutritionist George Lockhart is responsible for everything Fury consumes ahead of his bout - and the American believes the sporting world will be shocked. Speaking to Sportsmail, Lockhart said: “I will tell you at the weigh-in there’s going to be a shock. “People are going to be shocked at the weigh-in. People will be like, ‘holy crap’. “You won’t even have to see the number on the scale. When you see him, you’ll know exactly what he’s been doing this whole time.” READ MORE: Tyson Fury and team accused of treating Dillian Whyte like 's***' Fury spends time and energy formulating a gameplan which links his weight and in-ring strategy. Back in 2015, he announced himself on the global stage with a stunning victory over Wladimir Klitshcko, with the Brit’s fleet-footedness and striking ability doing the business. Last year, he finished off his iconic trilogy against Wilder by knocking the American out cold. The 33-year-old’s weight history makes for an intriguing read. He weighed 247lbs when he defeated Klitschko, and returned against Sefer Seferi weighing 276lbs after allegedly weighing over 400lbs as he battled his demons. Fury then remained between 253lbs and 263lbs for his next few fights before linking up with trainer SugarHill Steward - and a new strategy was born. Fury realised the best way to negate Wilder’s powerful right hand was to force the Bronze Bomber back. Fury subsequently packed on the pounds, with Steward and Lockhart beefing up the Brit to 273lbs for his title win and a career-heaviest 277lbs for the trilogy bout - another win. “I won’t tell you the details, but losing 30lbs in 30 days, he’s done that before,” Lockhart added. “There’s a reason I’ve been out here for almost four months. I’ll leave it at that.” Lockhart seemed to suggest another significant cut in body mass was on the cards, but also revealed Fury only eats around 3,200 to 3,400 calories per day while working out twice on a daily basis. Fans will have to wait until next Friday to find out Fury’s weight before his bout with Whyte. DON'T MISSJoshua to be denied 'big advantage' by Usyk as UK fight looks unlikelyAnthony Joshua vs Oleksandr Usyk 'delayed as talks restart over date'Tyson Fury has new opponent on standby in case Dillian Whyte withdraws While Lockhart was relatively cryptic about his client’s weight, he was far more direct when it comes to discussing Fury’s future. Despite potential bouts against British rival Anthony Joshua and fellow world champion Oleksandr Usyk on the cards, Fury’s nutritionist believes the Gypsy King is telling the truth. “Do I think this will be his last fight? 100 per cent,” Lockhart insisted. “Like I said, there’s a reason that I’ve been out here since January 7. “There’s a lot of planning. Most of the time the focus is 100 per cent on this fight, but there’s also post-fight planning. A lot more family stuff. There’s always going to be a next fight. He could beat Usyk, he could beat Joshua, he could beat everyone – and then there’s another fight. “He knows that, and he’s at a point now where family, what he’s been through with his daughter, he’s proven anything he needs to prove. He’s thinking: ‘How the hell can you beat selling out Wembley Stadium?’ I’d be shocked if this wasn’t his last one.” Lockhart added that Fury appears to have made up his mind regarding his future, and insisted he is now firmly focused on family matters after his class with Whyte. It remains to be seen whether the Gypsy King can be persuaded to fight Joshua or Usyk to become the first undisputed world heavyweight champion since Lennox Lewis.