Chelsea captain Cesar Azpilicueta appears to have eased one of manager Thomas Tuchel's biggest problems for the summer transfer window after it was reported that the Spaniard has triggered a one-year contract extension. The defender, 32, has been at Chelsea since 2012 after an £8million move from Marseille but looked set to leave upon the expiry of his contract this summer. Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich has been sanctioned by the UK Government, meaning the club cannot give players new contracts or sign anyone. With defenders Azpilicueta, Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen all out of contract at the end of the season, it appeared that boss Tuchel was facing losing three players without knowing if he will be able to replace any of them. But according to The Athletic, Azpilicueta has triggered a clause in his contract which will keep him on the books at Stamford Bridge for at least one more season. The report states that Barcelona had been in talks to sign him on a free transfer, given that non-English clubs can offer pre-contract deals to Premier League players with less than six months left on their contracts. The Blaugrana had already been interested in deals to take Christensen and Rudiger to the Nou Camp, aiming to take advantage of Chelsea's precarious position by completing a hat-trick of free transfers. JUST IN: Roma ‘learn Man Utd already have Boubacar Kamara transfer agreement'  But Azpilicueta has now played in a certain number of matches this season, triggering a clause in his contract which extends his time in west London for another year. It is thought that the extension is not regarded as a new contract, and therefore will not be impacted in terms of the sanctions currently in place on the Blues. Chelsea team-mate Thiago Silva recently praised Azpilicueta for his ambassadorial excellence, claiming the captain has it all and 'deserves' to wear the armband. "As soon as he arrived, [Cesar] Azpilicueta was one of the first to write to me wishing me good luck in this new chapter," Silva said. DON'T MISS  "He is a spectacular guy, a super professional who undoubtedly deserves to be where he is and wear the armband, which means so much to him. There are different types of captains: there are those who talk more, and others who are quieter but mean a lot to the team. "Azpilicueta has both aspects: he is very important on the field, and outside he brings the team together when necessary to talk about what is necessary and to make things clear so they don't go wrong." Chelsea take on Brentford in their next match on Saturday afternoon.