The Duke of Sussex, 37, and Princess Eugenie, 32, have been close since childhood and share a six-year age gap. The two are known to still get on well despite his exit from royal public life and the Duke remained 'remained close' amid her father, Prince Andrew's sex abuse lawsuit. It has now been reported that Eugenie has played "peacemaker" between the Sussexes and the Royal Family. Royal expert Jonathan Sacerdoti discusses Princess Eugenie's "middle man role" and her close relationship with the Duke of Sussex. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally US, Mr Sacerdoti said: "They say that Princess Eugenie is a peacemaker, or a go-between, a middle man of some sort, however we put it. "She's obviously maintained these good relations with Harry and Meghan, visiting them in California when she was out there and publicly been seen with them. "She's also said to be close to the Queen as well and that would put her in a perfect position to broker that sort of meeting." He continues: "Whether there was a power play as well in place when the Queen then said you have to meet your father Prince Charles as well if you want to meet me, which is what has been reported. "Rumored or not, Eugenie may have been the person to suggest the meeting either way or to try and help arrange it, make the contact". READ MORE: Camilla officially swipes major role from Meghan Markle as final nail hammered into Megxit He added, however, that the Royal Family would have not have "any trouble" getting in contact with Harry. The royal expert said: "I don't think we're at the stage where it's not answering the phone to them or anything like that though there was that allegation that Prince Charles stopped really answering him [Harry] at one point" "If there is any truth in that allegation, but I think that whatever the case again, it's a family, it's a family very much in the public gaze and there will be members of the family who help to broker meetings and reconciliations". He concluded: "There's always someone in the family who's the peacemaker or who tries to link people back together after arguments. "If that's Eugenie's role then that's good for her for doing that". READ MORE: ‘An inspiration’ Kate and William's touching tribute to Queen in personal birthday message When the settlement of Andrew's lawsuit was announced, Eugenie was actually visiting Prince Harry in the US. She is the first member of the Royal Family to visit Harry publicly since his and Meghan's departure from the Royal Family. The mother-of-one also sat alongside Prince Harry at the SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles to watch the Superbowl back in February. The Duke also quarantined with Eugenie and her family at Frogmore Cottage when he arrived back in the UK for Prince Philip's funeral last April. His wife Meghan didn't attend the funeral and was pregnant with their second child at the time. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry's life 'totally distorted' as he embraces celebrity [REVEAL]Harry's new interview's potential to drive him 'further' from Queen [INSIGHT] Prince Harry 'wrecked his life' with US move–‘heir and spare dynamic' [REPORT] Eugenie has also publicly shown her love for Meghan and Harry with a few touching public gestures in recent years She included a sweet message of congratulations to the couple on Instagram following the birth of Lilibet last June. She wrote: "Congratulations dear cousins.. we couldn't be happier for you all."