Manchester United will be managed by Erik ten Hag next season after the club confirmed his appointment on Thursday. It appears the groundwork has long been laid, with the Red Devils confident of hiring the Dutchman as far back as January. So that begs the question: Has John Murtough hired Ralf Rangnick to be a dressing room spy in preparation? Manchester United have now confirmed Ten Hag will take over after the Ajax boss was selected over Mauricio Pochettino, Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui. And Murtough was delighted with the appointment, saying: “During the past four years at Ajax, Erik has proved himself to be one of the most exciting and successful coaches in Europe, renowned for his team’s attractive, attacking football and commitment to youth. “In our conversations with Erik leading up to this appointment, we were deeply impressed with his long-term vision for returning Manchester United to the level we want to be competing at, and his drive and determination to achieve that. “We wish Erik the best of luck as he focuses on achieving a successful end to the season at Ajax and look forward to welcoming him to Manchester United this summer.” United were confident of hiring Ten Hag as far back as January. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But the fact they didn’t hasten to bring in the Ajax boss suggests they had an alternative plan in mind. Rangnick hasn’t been your usual interim boss. There’s been no new-manager bounce, for starters. But there’s always been a sense the 63-year-old has been managing the team with his future involvement as a consultant in mind. By sending Rangnick in to see out the season, United now have a genuine dressing room insider. Not a player with friendships, nor a coach with favourites. Instead, the German has been a bridge between the squad and the board. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players And his public criticism suggests he knows exactly HOW big this rebuild must be. Speaking after United’s 4-0 hammering at the hands of Liverpool on Tuesday night, Rangnick was utterly ruthless with his observations. Whereas other managers have previously hinted at their displeasure, the 63-year-old made his feelings crystal clear. "If you analyse the situation, it's not that difficult to analyse,” he said. “The team needs a rebuild, not because some players have to go but quite a few have no contracts anymore, their contracts are expiring, then for me it's clear there will be six, seven, eight, maybe 10 new players. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "And before you sign those players you need to be aware how do you want to play? What kind of football does the new manager want to play? “And then take it from there and then bring every single player fitting into that kind of profile." And it’s telling that United are starting to listen. They’ve already announced two of their head scouts will be leaving as they look to revamp their operation behind the scenes. And, now, Ten Hag has been appointed on time. Not too dragged out, like the David Moyes and Jose Mourinho appointments were. Rangnick seems to have made it known that United need to do and when they need to do it. And that suggests his time as manager at Old Trafford, while poor on the pitch, is worth it for what happens off it. United have, for too long, needed a footballing expert who knows what needs doing. Now, and only now, there’s a reason to be optimistic as they look to reel in Manchester City and Liverpool next term.