Stacey Dooley, 35, has been promoting the third series of Stacey Dooley Sleeps Over and opened up about her interviewing technique as she stays with guests for 72 hours. The show, which airs on W, sees the Strictly Come Dancing winner gain insight into the lives of a 70-year-old dominatrix, ‘Britain’s most hated woman’ and a mother who is battling incurable cancer. Stacey discussed the experience on Dermot O’Leary's BBC Radio 2 show. She explained: “We get there on Friday and then we don’t leave their house until the Monday. The idea is that we properly immerse ourselves and it totally changes the dynamic. “When you are having an interview with someone, typically you are in quite a neutral space and you can ask quite robust questions and then you never have to see them again.” Stacey added that she thinks the Sleeps Over format is “quite a good discipline” because it means the interviewer doesn’t need to be “unnecessarily confrontational”. READ MORE:Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ She continued: “You don’t need to be unnecessarily confrontational because I think that is quite lazy. “You have to be honest and candid with your interviewee because you can have an intense conversation and then you have to sit down and have dinner with them and ask how their shower works.” The latest series recently aired its final instalment on W, but all episodes are available to watch on Sky Go, Virgin TV Go and UKTV Play. The show has received glowing reviews from Stacey’s fans. Dan tweeted: “Stacey Dooley Sleeps Over is underrated television, I literally love it.” Elliott exclaimed: “The 70-year-old dominatrix... Stacey Dooley Sleeps Over is underrated.” And Ellie gushed: “I love Stacey Dooley, I love Stacey Dooley Sleeps Over. I think she slayed on Strictly, I don’t even like Strictly.” Stacey won the 2018 series of Strictly Come Dancing with her now-partner Kevin Clifton, 39. DON'T MISSJohnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip[LATEST]Phillip Schofield and Luke Evans' secret friendship exposed on holiday[INSIGHT]Dan Walker laments relationships with BBC Breakfast co-stars amid exit[NEWS] Last week the couple made their first red carpet appearance, three years since they made their relationship public. Stacey and Kevin headed to the star-studded Olivier Awards where the documentary maker looked stunning in a floor-length black dress. The strapless gown fit her like a glove and she paired the look with gold jewellery and styled her hair in a sleek bun. Kevin looked equally dapper in a black suit as they posed for pictures upon arrival. They also shared snaps from inside the event on social media. Both Stacey and Kevin posted a selfie of them sitting in their seats, looking like they were having a great time. Kevin told his 360,000 Instagram followers: “Lovely night at the @olivierawards with @sjdooley who once played Puck in A Midsummer Night’s Dream at school. Congrats to all the winners and nominees.”