Whether you're looking to install a VPN on your iPhone to keep your data encrypted and safe on public Wi-Fi, or to swerve geo restrictions and unlock TV shows, blockbuster movies, and sport fixtures that would usually be unavailable to stream in your location ...you'll want a VPN service with great features, plenty of server locations, low monthly bills, and well-designed apps for your iOS device. Ticking all of those boxes is NordVPN, which has one of the most beautifully designed VPN apps on iOS of any provider that we've tested. Better yet, NordVPN offers some truly competitive deals and iPhone owners can even pay for a subscription with a single tap using Apple Pay – this has the added benefit of also keeping your credit card details hidden during the checkout process, thanks to Apple's secure system. It has a wealthy selection of VPN servers, checks for DNS leaks, and provides an extra layer of security for everything you do on your mobile devices. Scroll down for more information on our pick for the best VPN for iPhone, some commonly-asked questions about Virtual Private Networks, and more information about how these services interact with iOS. A Virtual Private Network, more commonly referred to by its initialism VPN, creates a secure tunnel for all of your internet traffic. This protective, encrypted layer prevents anyone from spying on what you're doing online – keeping your data safely locked away from bad actors, advertisers, and even your broadband provider. By ensuring everything that you do online is encrypted, you'll be safe from data-snoopers looking to steal your payment data as well as intrusive advertisements based on your browsing history. VPNs can manually alter your IP address, which makes it appear as if you're based in almost any location around the world. For those who don't know, every time that your device connects to the internet it is assigned an IP address, which includes information about the location where you've connected to the web. This is how the website for your favourite cinema chain knows the nearest branch to you, food delivery services can pinpoint your location, and Google Maps can provide turn-by-turn directions from your current location. By manually tweaking your IP address to another country, these websites can be tricked into assuming that you're abroad. Granted, this isn't particularly useful when it comes to directions in Google Maps, however, there are a number of services that might be blocked in your current location that could suddenly become available. For example, Netflix has a different catalogue of boxsets and movies in each country due to complex global licensing agreements and will only show you a selection of shows, documentaries and films that it's able to broadcast in the location of your IP address. Select sporting fixtures and streaming services, like HBO Max and BBC iPlayer, are only available in select countries. Yes, VPNs work well with iOS. Apple has created a dedicated toggle to configure your VPN within the Settings app, so you can quickly enable a VPN connection without hunting for the app on your (probably, very cluttered) homescreen. Just like your laptop or tablet, connecting to a VPN with your iPhone will ensure that all of the data travelling to and from your handset will be encrypted. That will shield you from data snoopers and cyber crooks. Connecting to a VPN service with your iPhone will also hide its IP address, so any websites that you visit won't be able to determine your current location. This adds an extra layer of protection from prying eyes. You're also able to connect to a server in a different country to unlock content within your favourite iOS apps or websites that might be locked to a specific geolocation. If you want a great Virtual Private Network with advanced features, a competitive price, and a stunning app for iOS – look no further than NordVPN. This brilliant service has a beautifully-designed iPhone VPN app that makes connecting to a server impossibly easy – even if you're new to VPNs. The service is well integrated with iOS, the mobile operating system that powers the iPhone, and includes homescreen widgets for those using iOS 14 or newer, iMessage stickers, and support for the system-wide Light and Dark modes. NordVPN even lets you subscribe with a single tap using Apple Pay at checkout. It's easily one of the best iOS VPN experiences on the market – and a must for iPhone fans. NordVPN has long reigned supreme in our definitive guide of the Best VPNs you can buy, thanks to its stellar mobile app. And it has helped this brilliant VPN service claim the top spot here too – the iOS version of the app looks simply stunning and is incredibly easy to use, even for VPN newcomers. The company supports iOS homescreen widgets, so you can access some of the core features without launching the app. NordVPN has even created a set of stickers to be used in Apple's iMessage app instead of standard emojis. That's a serious commitment to Apple users. For those with multiple iOS devices, NordVPN includes an iPad app so you can be sure you'll be protected on each platform. Launching the iPhone VPN app for the first time, you'll be greeted with a map of all available NordVPN servers and a Quick Connect button that will find the best server for you, based on your current location. And that's it. With a single tap of a button, you'll be connected and everything you do on your iPhone will be encrypted and secure. You'll be able to see your current, secure IP address (and it'll also be helpfully highlighted on the map). Apple also adds a VPN icon next to the Wi-Fi strength indicator in Control Centre to show that you're connected. NordVPN lets you quickly favourite servers that have performed well for you. It will also highlight recent connections, helpful if you're jumping between two or more countries on a regular basis. When it comes to the number of countries available, NordVPN offers a pretty impressive selection – with a choice of 60 nations worldwide. That said, it's not quite as many options are ExpressVPN, which boasts 94 possible countries. So, those who want to appear in more exotic locations might want to look elsewhere. NordVPN allows iPhone owners to automatically connect to its VPN service whenever the handset connects to the internet. This means – no matter how forgetful you might be – your online data, payment information, streaming and payment data will always be shielded by the extra protection. You can also pause your encrypted connection for 5, 30 or 60 minutes. After that time, the VPN will kick-in again in the background. For extra security, NordVPN's iOS app can automatically scan the Dark Web and alert you if it discovers any of your information – email address, passwords – being shared by hackers. This is a standout feature in a number of the most popular password managers, like 1Password, so to have it included with NordVPN at no extra cost is ace. If the iPhone app detects any leaks, you'll be able to quickly change the password of all accounts that use the email-password combo – keeping you safe from any attacks from hackers. NordVPN also has designed its app to match the operating system, whether you've got your iPhone set to light or dark mode. In our testing, NordVPN only marginally impacted download speeds, which makes it great for streaming video. Without NordVPN enabled, we clocked up 120Mbps and a few moments later, with its VPN enabled and shielding our data, we recorded a download speed of 110Mbps. Sure, that is slower. However, it's a minimal hit and still more than enough to stream in crisp 4K Ultra HD in multiple rooms around the house. And with features like split-tunnelling included with NordVPN, you only need to ensure that only devices that need to be configured to a VPN server on the other side of the globe will get the biggest hit to their speeds. Advanced features, like an automatic kill switch, split-tunnelling and a double VPN connection, are all available with NordVPN. You can also reserve a dedicated IP address that's only yours to use, although that will cost extra. Where NordVPN really shines compared to its closest rival, ExpressVPN, is the difference in price. This provider offers a number of stellar deals, with prices regularly dropping below £3 a month for a subscription. That's incredibly competitive for such a reliable service, with stunning apps for your iPhone and iPad as well as advanced features like split-tunnelling, auto-connect, and Dark Web monitoring. NordVPN offers a number of possible payment options, including all major credit card providers (Mastercard, VISA, AMEX, and Discovery). PayPal and Amazon Pay are also accepted too. Unlike most of the other providers on this list, you can also pay for NordVPN using Apple Pay, which will allow you to breeze through the checkout process, with your iPhone simply filling out all of the payment details (and keeping your credit card details stashed away). If you download the NordVPN app from the App Store on your iPhone, you'll be able to sign-up for a subscription using the payment information stored with your iTunes account too. For those who want to pay with cryptocurrency, NordVPN accepts both Bitcoin and Ethereum. And with 24/7 customer support and a 30-day money-back guarantee, there's no reason not to unlock the biggest savings by opting for a longer subscription to NordVPN. ExpressVPN is a well-respected Virtual Private Network service – and for very good reason. It offers the same iron-clad encryption, but with a minimal impact on download speeds. iPhone owners will be able to choose from a number of VPN Protocols before they connect for the first time, including the next-generation "Lightway" system that is optimised for speed. Compared to the 120Mbps unprotected download speed on our iPhone, ExpressVPN's Lightway system was able to eke out 105Mbps, which is slower than NordVPN but still more than enough to watch a video in the highest available picture quality, stream music, and make FaceTime calls from your iPhone without any trouble. If you're hoping to watch boxsets and blockbusters on your iPhone, ExpressVPN might be your best option. That's because this provider works tirelessly to ensure that its service performs well with the biggest streaming services on the planet, including Netflix, Disney+, HBO Max, Prime Video, and more. For example, ExpressVPN has a team dedicated to ensuring that it has a steady stream of new servers coming online to escape Netflix's recent crackdown on VPNs. So while some providers might encounter problems when trying to access catalogues available in other countries, ExpressVPN never runs into an issue. It's the reason that we named ExpressVPN as the best VPN for streaming. ExpressVPN's iPhone VPN app isn't quite as refined as NordVPN, but it's still well-designed and devilishly simple for newcomers. Launching the iOS app for the first time, you'll be presented with a large On/Off button that enables your secure connection. Below that, ExpressVPN will list your current location, the "smart location" that it believes will provide you with the best possible encrypted connection, and a recent location. There's a useful Help tab that provides tips and guides to make the most of the service. While there's no Dark Web monitoring, as you'll get with NordVPN, ExpressVPN does include a secure password generator. This will create a unique, randomly-generated password for new accounts so that you'll never re-use the same email address-password combination, which makes you much more vulnerable to attacks from cybercriminals. That's a useful addition, however, iPhone users can find the same functionality built into Apple's Keychain feature, that synchronises your logins securely across all iOS, watchOS, and macOS devices. ExpressVPN pledges to never collect identifying information about its customers, including IP address, online activity, traffic destination, or even the length of each session. Given that one of the main benefits of using a VPN is the boost in privacy, this is a reassuring step. Actions speak louder than words, and ExpressVPN has taken a number of steps to show its dedication to privacy. The company has based itself in the British Virgin Islands because there are no data retention laws there. That means ExpressVPN isn't legally obliged to keep tabs on the browsing habits of its customers. As one of the market leaders, ExpressVPN charges a little more than the competition. As such, if you're looking for a truly competitive deal, it might be worth looking elsewhere for the best iPhone VPN for you. That said, ExpressVPN is one of the only providers that supports Klarna – so you can break up the payment into smaller instalments. This means you'll still be able to take advantage of the biggest savings available (ExpressVPN saves the most impressive discounts for its one-year subscription plans) while still paying in smaller instalments, like the monthly subscription plan. ExpressVPN accepts a number of payment methods, including the biggest credit and debit card providers, like Mastercard, VISA, American Express, and Discover. Paypal and Bitcoin are also options. Unfortunately, unlike NordVPN, there's no Google Pay or Apple Pay for a one-tap checkout. If you're looking for an incredible deal on your iPhone VPN, you should sign-up for SurfShark VPN. This popular provider is one of the most affordable options around, especially if you're willing to sign-up for a longer contract. Apple users will be pleased to find a well-designed iOS VPN app complete with support for a number of popular iPhone features, like Stickers to use in iMessage, homescreen widgets for quick access to configure your VPN connection, and a matching iPad experience. With a single subscription, you'll be able to use both iPhone and iPad VPN apps at the same time. In fact, you'll be able to use all of SurfShark's many VPN apps simultaneously as it is the only provider in this article that allows users to use an unlimited number of devices at the same time. For comparison, NordVPN and ExpressVPN only allow customers to use a handful of apps with the same account. SurfShark includes a dedicated kill switch within its iPhone VPN app too, which you won't find from the other providers in this article. If that's a feature that you believe will be essential on your iPhone, it could be worth picking SurfShark over its closest rivals. It's backed by the same 30-day money-back guarantee and 24/7 customer support as NordVPN and ExpressVPN, so there's no risk when signing up for the first time and seeing how Surfshark performs for you. If you're not happy with the way the Virtual Private Network works with your iPhone, you can always contact the helpful customer service team and request a refund for your subscription. If you're ready to sign-up, SurfShark offers a number of payment options, including all major credit cards, from VISA to Mastercard, AMEX and Discover. It also allows customers to pay for their subscription to SurfShark with cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum. But best of all, iPhone owners will be able to subscribe to the service with a single tap using Apple Pay during the checkout process. If you've got your credit card details stored with your Apple ID, this is easily the fastest payment method, but it's also likely the most secure as Apple generates a unique payment code, rather than sharing your card number during the payment process. Apple has included deep support for VPN apps within iOS. After installing the app from your chosen provider, it will install a VPN configuration profile onto your handset (you'll need to input your password to authorise this). After that, you'll be able to configure a VPN server connection from the Settings app on your iPhone, which will now include a toggle in the main menu. Of course, you can also kickstart a VPN connection from your chosen supplier's app and, in the case of NordVPN, begin a connection from an iOS homescreen widget or automatically each time your iPhone joins a Wi-Fi or mobile data network. Apple has announced a new feature dubbed Private Replay, which will form an integral part of its upcoming iCloud+ subscription plan. This is currently being tested in some countries in iOS 15, iPadOS 15 and macOS Monterey. Private Replay is a privacy feature that allows iPhone owners to withhold their IP address from websites visited via Safari as well as apps with insecure connections. Keeping your IP address secure is one of the main features of a VPN, however, Apple's solution will only work on its devices – so your subscription will only cover your Apple-designed devices. If you own a Fire TV Stick, Windows laptop, or another gadget at home that you'd like to use with a VPN, you're still better looking at our top pick, NordVPN. Private Relay also misses out on an important feature with VPNs – the ability to manually switch your IP address to access TV shows, movies and sports fixtures that aren't currently available in your location. We'll put Private Replay through its paces when it launches for iPhone owners in the UK. But for the time being, we'd recommend taking advantage of the brilliant support for VPNs included with the iPhone to unlock an amazing experience with NordVPN's competitively priced and full-featured Virtual Private Network service. There are a number of free VPN providers on the market for those who want to test out whether a Virtual Private Network will work for them – without paying. However, inevitably these all have limitations in order to push customers to the paid subscription plans. If you want the best experience – which we'd absolutely recommend if you want to test a VPN for the first time – it's much better to subscribe to a paid-for plan. Our top-rated provider, NordVPN, offers a 30-day money-back guarantee and has customer service representatives available 24/7 so if you run into any issues, you can get a full refund. It's not quite a free trial, but it's as good as one. MORE LIKE THISBest VPNs