Finally, in February 2021, the Government agreed the vulnerable should be fast-tracked, but it was too late for Frances. Following an outbreak in her Northamptonshire care home, she contracted the disease and almost died. In a touching, honest tribute to mark National Siblings Day, which raises awareness of the valuable role they play in the lives of their disabled brothers and sisters, Jo celebrates everything that Frances has given back to her. THE PHONE'S ringing again. How many times today? I'm not sure, maybe ten, maybe twenty, it's easy to lose count. My sister, Frances, is being a pain again, and I couldn't be happier. Every day she FaceTimes me at 30-minute intervals asking the same questions about my kids, my husband and the dogs: "Where's Coco? Where's Steve? Where's Django?" Frances is 53 and has a rare chromosomal disorder called Cri du Chat syndrome, which means she has physical vulnerabilities and learning disabilities. She is loving, loud and a real live wire. No one forgets meeting Frances. In January 2021 Frances caught Covid in her care home and was rushed to A&E. She didn't understand why she was there and wouldn't tolerate an oxygen mask. Her breathing deteriorated dangerously. We spent a terrifying 72 hours uncertain if she would survive. So, now, when my sister FaceTimes to find out where everyone is, it's a joy. Frances is back in relatively good health. She eats more than you'd think is humanly possible and if she's staying at Mum and Dad's house, she'll wait for me to arrive before getting out of bed so that I can shower her, just like I would when we were kids. There are over half a million young people and at least 1.7 million adults in the UK with a disabled brother or sister. National Siblings Day, on Sunday, recognises the impact of that on their lives. This year's theme is What I've Learned From Being A Sibling.  So, what have I learnt? I wouldn't be who I am now without Frances. She has taught me -e g understanding, resilience, a strong sense of justice, compassion and a necessary dark sense of humour. Being a sister is special. Being a sister to Frances has been life-changing. In a funny way, she's even guided my career path. My earliest memory is of the two of us getting up early on Saturdays when she was small and listening to Junior Choice on the radio; her favourite song was Puff the Magic Dragon, which she still plays from an old jukebox in her bedroom. Back then, I had a little cassette recorder, so I used to make radio shows for her. I'd record her voice and play it back to her. It was lovely, she would be so attentive. These were my first radio shows. For a long while, I wasn't aware there was anything different about Frances, she was just my little sister. I spent a fair amount of time with my grandparents because Mum and Dad were in hospital with Frances, but I loved that. We didn't have a traditional sleeping arrangement in our house. Instead, we mum dad played musical beds: my mum , dad, and I would take turns reading stories to her in the early hours. Every so often I'd find myself nodding off until a whack sprung me awake. Nobody was allowed to sleep until Frances was asleep! I didn't know other families didn't do this. Being Frances's sibling meant I sometimes witnessed things most children didn't. When she was five, Frances clambered to the top of our climbing frame and let herself fall because she had no sense of danger. I walked into the garden to see her bone sticking out of her elbow.  More hospital visits followed as she needed eye surgery and developed kidney problems. She would get infections and sometimes have convulsions. While Mum cradled her, I'd rush off to find a stick, wrapping cotton wool around it for Frances, to bite on. This would stop her swallowing her tongue. Again, I only had a vague sense this was unusual. Didn't all families have these dramas? Our holidays were mainly to caravan sites in Hayling Island or Great Yarmouth. We needed to be somewhere where the noise we created wouldn't annoy other families. Often, what should have been relaxing weeks away were gruelling. Frances struggled to adapt to change in her routine. All that could calm her were the hours we spent in amusement arcades because she loved, and still loves, the slot machines. But there were lots of positives. Our Mum was a real campaigner. She started a toy library for disabled children in Northampton and we would go down to London to try out these specialist toys. The toy library was once a month and there was a real sense of community. Mum told me about the charity Sibs, which supports brothers and sisters, when I was 13. I went to a meeting in London and remember thinking, 'I don't know why I'm here, I don't have a problem'. But the older you get, the more aware you become. Like many brothers and sisters, I've learned to be more understanding of people who don't conform to society's idea of "normal". You learn to accept and champion "difference". You become less embarrassed.   Even when Frances would throw herself on the floor in the supermarket or scream and kick in the queue, I never recoiled. I just felt protective. My junior school friends knew and loved Frances, who went to a special needs school. As a teenager I subconsciously gauged how new friends or boyfriends reacted to Frances. If they got her, they were OK. If they looked at her strangely I wouldn't want to be friends with them. My husband Steve got on with her straight away and has ever since. Frances adores him because he's loud and funny and engages with her. Even today, my children judge friends or partners on their ability to accept Frances. If I'm brutally honest, Frances can be very difficult to love sometimes. In 2014, she had a breakdown. It was traumatic. She became paranoid about my parents leaving the house and wouldn't tolerate them watching TV or listening to the radio. She became violent and would smash everything in sight. Mum and Dad had nothing breakable left. It was the worst thing that happened to us as a family. My parents' health deteriorated and I resented her sometimes, often feeling angry or helpless. Thankfully, Frances's mental health has improved. She lives in supported accommodation and visits my parents for a weekend once a month, though often tries negotiating longer stays. She always was canny.  I'm so glad the phrase "challenging behaviour" has replaced words like "tantrum" to describe someone with learning disabilities lashing out. Her aggression comes from not being able to communicate what she wants. Sometimes, the only way to communicate "I'm scared" is by smashing a vase or pulling the fire alarm. Recently, I watched the BBC documentaries about Katie Price's son Harvey, who reminds me of Frances. I loved the way his carers calmed him when he became aggressive. I wish I'd known those techniques when we were younger. As my parents get older, my sense of responsibility has grown. During the early days of the pandemic I was so worried about Frances, I wanted to move her from her home to be with me but I knew she wouldn't want to live here. With a family of my own, it's very difficult to change the routine of the house to accommodate Frances. If she moved back with my parents, her behaviour would affect their health again. When the first cases of Covid in care homes started, I was terrified. Once again, the provisions for learning disabled adults and their families just weren't good enough. This came to a head when I was offered the Covid vaccination before Frances. It was widely known by then that people with learning disabilities were far more likely to die than their age group peers. Being offered the vaccine then felt insulting and made me believe society didn't care about the learning disabled. I FELT furious and wanted to speak up for people like Frances to be put on the priority list for their jabs. Frances and her friends didn't have that voice. When she caught Covid before being vaccinated I felt like everybody had let her down. My anger and sense of shame was immense.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The idea of losing Frances has always been my worst nightmare, and that nightmare almost happened. Fortunately, thanks to the care she received from the NHS at Northampton Hospital, she survived. The nurses on her ward managed to improvise an oxygen tent to replace the mask Frances refused to wear.They made im accommodations for my Mum and Dad to be with her, and for carers to help. I've always wanted to thank those nurses and doctors personally: it's due to actions like these that some learning disabled individuals were able to survive their coronavirus infections. Due to awareness raised by Frances's situation, those with learning disabilities were added to the priority vaccination list. Ijust wish it had happened sooner so more people could have been saved.  I am now a patron for Sibs because I understand the importance of supporting siblings of learning disabled adults. There are fun and not-so-fun bits in our life and a community which supports and discusses these issues can make our lives a little bit more bearable. I would say to any young brothers and sisters who feel they are struggling and don't want to add to their parents' pressure, please talk to your mum and dad or a trusted adult. They would much rather know. The biggest thing I have learned from being Frances's sister is that sharing how you feel is important. Being the sibling of an adult with learning disabilities may be difficult but it can also be a blessing. To support our siblings, we need to support each other. To find support for siblings go to Sibs.org.uk 