Tristin and Jeff Pruit from Walbridge, Ohio, US, left their five-year-old son Liam, and two-year-old son Knox with the babysitter while the couple went for an ultrasound. When the babysitter's husband decided to introduce his dog to Liam, it got out of his grip and attacked Liam's face, leaving him bleeding and in agony. Mrs Pruit received a phone call from the babysitter informing her that Liam was in the emergency room and that the whole right-hand side of his face was swollen and covered in blood. However, Mrs Pruit said that the babysitter and her husband had not called the ambulance for nearly an hour.  She said: "They left him to lie on the floor bleeding for nearly an hour while they cleaned - the babysitter is a surgical technician with medical experience so she must have known that it was bad. "To rub salt into my wounds, when Liam was lying there on the operating table the babysitter and her husband were making posts on Facebook about how they were 'living their best life'." Liam's right eye was bleeding from the attack and in need of extensive surgery. His cheeks had also been punctured by the dog's teeth and his lips and throat were heavily damaged and bleeding.  Eight nurses were needed to calm the young boy down enough to clean his tear duct, which had been severely damaged. After it had been cleaned, it took three and a half hours of plastic surgery and stitches to close all of Liam's wounds. Liam will need three to five years of treatment following the injury, including further plastic surgery, steroid injections and laser treatment. The success of his healing process will also largely rely on him staying out of direct sunlight. Mr and Mrs Pruit are having to pay for their son's own treatment since, as it was a third party at fault for the injuries, their insurance company claimed the incident was "similar to a car accident" and that therefore it was the job of the other party's insurance to cover the costs. The cost of the pain medication alone at the first two hospitals Liam visited was £10,000.  DON'T MISS: Andrew Neil pinpoints nightmare NATO scenario for Putin‘ Chemical weapon’ horror as Putin drops ‘poisonous substance’ on city RSPCA warns not to buy bulldogs and details major health concerns Mrs Pruit said of the incident: "When I saw his actual injuries my world shattered. I pulled into the hospital and the babysitter pulled in after me. She was covered in blood and Liam was alone in the back of her van screaming. "While I was trying to get Liam into the hospital and find Knox, she chatted away to me like nothing was wrong." She added that the dog had bitten two other children previous to Liam's attack. She said: "She told me she hated the dog and it was the third time it had bitten a child but her husband wouldn't let her get rid of it. I didn't say a word to her, I just grabbed my baby and ran. "Liam had no idea how bad it was and I held it together for him. I played it very calm and soothed him but on the inside I was terrified."  She continued: "I was so angry at myself for allowing her to babysit and never asking if she had a dog because I never let people with dogs babysit. "I didn't cry or let Liam see me upset until they took him away for surgery. When they took my boy, I couldn't comfort him anymore and I lost it. I was terrified and livid, I was so angry that these adults had put my baby in this danger." Mrs Pruit added that the dog had been unvaccinated and that therefore Liam was at risk of a number of diseases including rabies. She rushed to get her son jabbed as soon as she was able to do so. Since the incident, Liam has developed intense mood swings and a fierce temper. For more information, or to donate to Liam's fundraiser, visit www.gofundme.com/f/liams-fight-after-dog-attack 