Prince Harry, 37, is embroiled in a High Court battle against the Home Office over the provision of Met Police protection for the Sussexes and their two children, Archie and Lilibet, should they touch down in the UK. The family missed the London memorial service for Prince Harry’s grandfather last month as the row rumbles on, but the Duke and Duchess will attend an event in the Netherlands despite questions over security. Dai Davies, ex-head of royal protection for Scotland Yard, said the UK would be “far safer than most other places” for the Duke and Duchess. He dismissed the idea that Prince Harry and his family cannot travel to the UK because of safety fears as “sheer unadulterated nonsense”. He said: “He would get the same risk assessment as every other royal. “Most of them now don't get full-time protection or even half-time protection, so the truth is the UK is far safer than most other places. “And with great respect, Harry is not an expert in security.” Earlier this week, a spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess confirmed Meghan would join Harry for a part of his visit to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games, of which he is a patron. The Games, celebrating the achievements of injured servicemen and women through sport, are now in their fifth year following a delay from 2020 due to the Covid pandemic. On the trip to the Netherlands, he commented to the Daily Mail: “The truth is I have no doubt that he will be protected, whether he takes his own team or whether the Dutch authorities give him some kind of VIP status. READ MORE: Queen on alert as Jamaica puts forward Commonwealth candidate “The truth is if there's a risk both countries - ours and the Netherlands - have sophisticated systems of determining risk. “This country has determined he is no longer at risk.” The couple’s security arrangements are still not fully known, and Dutch authorities have said any close protection officers for the Duke and Duchess cannot be armed, according to the Sun. Anna Sophia Posthumus, a police spokeswoman, said: “In the Netherlands, only government officials (police, military personnel etc) are allowed to carry weapons". DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan undergo 'hostility' training [LIVE] Queen abdication fears: 'Drastic' reason for monarch to leave throne [ANALYSIS]Charles fury at Camilla as royal faced 'relentless routine' [REVEAL] This would exclude private guards, like those on Meghan and Harry’s payroll. Moniek Bloks, Dutch royal biographer and assistant editor at Royal Central, contended that the Duke and Duchess had hoped to “hitch a ride” for armed security tasked with protecting the Queen’s relative, King Willem-Alexander. She said: “Since members of the Dutch royal family will be attending both the opening and closing ceremony, they might be able to "hitch a ride" with them on those days.” However, with the Duke and Duchess visiting the country “in a private capacity”, this may not be the case, she added. This comes as the Duke continues his dispute with the Home Office after Prince Harry was told he would not receive the "same degree" of security when coming back from the US. But Prince Harry insisted he "does not feel safe" bringing his and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex's, two children to the UK without the protection he seeks from UK police. He has offered to foot the bill for the protection himself. The decision to travel to the continent rather than the UK prompted a wave of backlash against the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who are yet to introduce youngest child Lilibet to most of the Royal Family in the UK.