In the 2022 French election first round voting on April 10, Ms Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron both went through to the Presidential run off vote on April 24. In her latest remarks, the National Rally leader skewered Germany for weakening France’s military. During an election campaign appearance, Ms Le Pen accused Germany of rejecting France's “strategic identity”. Should the far-right populist win the French election, she has said there will be no joint armament projects in the event of her election victory. She said at a press conference on Wednesday: “Because of irreconcilable strategic differences, we will end all cooperation with Berlin, both on the future fighter jet (FCAS) and the future battle tank, and pursue our own programmes instead.” Ms Le Pen then accused Germany of standing for “the absolute negation of French strategic identity”. Speaking at the press conference, Ms Le Pen added: “It is normal for Berlin to defend its interests and for us to defend our interests, which Macron has neglected. She then accused Germany of considering NATO as the cornerstone of its security and of buying US armaments. Ms Le Pen then skewered Germany's stance on nuclear energy, saying: “I will not allow Germany to destroy our nuclear industry.” Ms Le Pen also said she would not support Germany in its bid for a permanent seat on the UN Security Council. She would, however, plead for more German to be taught in French schools again. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: EU hits Ukraine with 'new protocol' likened to UK deal Ms Le Pen also said once the Russia-Ukraine war is over, she would propose closer links between NATO and Russia and pull France out of the military command of the US-led alliance. She said: “As soon as the Russian-Ukrainian war is over and has been settled by a peace treaty, I will call for the implementation of a strategic rapprochement between NATO and Russia.” Ms Le Pen said better ties with Russia would prevent Moscow from becoming too close to China. On defence, Ms Le Pen added “I would place our troops neither under an integrated NATO command nor under a future European command,” and said she would refuse any “subjection to an American protectorate”. DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: British fighter captured by Russia - heartbroken mum Meghan and Harry's 'part-time royal' dream shattered amid Netflix deal RAF Voyager spotted heading over Estonia in major NATO operation It comes as polls show Ms Le Pen closing the gap on Mr Macron, as forecast voter turnout is seen declining further. The OpinionWay-Kea Partners poll published by Les Echos and Radio Classique showed Ms Le Pen narrowing the gap by one point, though Mr Macron is still the favourite to win the run-off with 54 percent of the vote. The poll's turnout estimate further declined by 1 percent to 70 percent, down from 74.56 percent in 2017, which was already the lowest since 1969. Speaking on Thursday, Ms Le Pen attempted to reach out to voters who backed the hard-left Jean-Luc Melenchon in the first round. In the first round of voting, Mr Melenchon placed third behind Mr Macron and Ms Le Pen respectively. In a major rally in the southern city of Avignon, Ms Le Pen, wearing a red jacket, said she was addressing "patriots of the right, patriots of the left.” “Victory has never been so near," she told some 4,000 supporters. Appearing to address Mr Melenchon voters, she said: “Come out and vote. We are speaking to all the French. “We hold out a firm hand but one of friendship and respect.” Additional reporting from Monika Pallenberg