But whichever of these deeply unlikeable sorts does win they can celebrate in the full knowledge they will now be the new boss of Europe - and that they will wield power and influence beyond the wildest dreams of Napoleon. Because incredibly, given that the pair seem for their own very different reasons an ace away from the men in blouses blanches, the only certain outcome of the second round of the election on Sunday is that Paris, not Berlin, will be the new fulcrum of power in Europe. All signs indicate an unstoppable shift as Germany stumbles from crisis to crisis, tearing itself apart over arms to Ukraine and Russian blood oil, and looking increasingly confused, divided and bereft of moral or political authority. And history shows us that whenever there is a power vacuum at the heart of Europe a short French man is always champing at the bit to step up and run the show. And this rarely works out well for Britain. In recent years Angela Merkel has been the not-so-invisible guiding hand steering the EU, ghost-in-the-machine-like, to ever closer union to achieve the pan-European government she craved. Germany paid the most in (though not per capita) and had the most MEPs. But her real soft power, not obvious on the balance sheet, was her perceived moral authority and fiscal discipline, an unspoken clout which saw most other EU nations dutifully following her lead. Now, with inflation at its highest on record, predicted growth now less than two percent, Berlin's morally indefensible refusal to apply meaningful sanctions on Vladimir Putin's oil and gas and no one having a clue what is going on in Olaf Scholz's head, Germany's role as EU top dog has had its day. Which brings us back to Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. One of which will be filling that vacuum come Sunday. Through all the electioneering Emmanuel Macron has had to walk a political tightrope between fluffy EU-loving liberal and France-first EU cynic. Then in the other corner, we have Marine Le Pen happily promoting a fierce right-wing cultural nationalism yet an almost suicidal socialist approach to her economics. A national socialism if you will. ("Marine Le Pen's programme is racist, xenophobic and Islamophobic," said French mayor of Villetaneuse Dieunor Excellent this weekend. No one was quite sure if he was railing against Ms Le Pen or extolling the virtues of her manifesto to French rural voters.) But this mess of contradictions, which might be seen as an impossible conflict in Britain, is doable in the Alice in Wonderland nation that is France where holding two diametrically opposing political views is not only allowed, it is required. There's a wholly different approach to politics - which has seen the death, or at least hibernation, of the established left and right. In Britain parties tend to go after their own and hope they can pick up enough undecideds along the way. In France parties go after everyone with the same gusto however impossible and contradictory this might seem. And this is merely a reflection of the rump of France where millions are happy to despise the EU safe in the knowledge the EU's bedrock Common Agricultural Policy has been France's get out of jail free card for half a century. However, all this aside, the one political area both Le Pen and Macron are agreed on is that they hate the Brits. That is the one cast-iron vote winner across the Channel. Despite our not unimpressive areas of collaboration over the years, the Channel Tunnel, Eurofighter, Concorde, and more, bashing Britain is, and will continue to be, the order of the day. Both view it as a zero sum game - Britain's gain is France's loss. Mr Macron, as we have seen, loves to taunt Britain in the hope of basking in a reflected "hard man of politics" status in Paris. He has repeatedly threatened to cut electricity supplies to the UK in a huff over fishing and he deliberately undermined Britain's AstraZeneca covid vaccine in an attempt to buy time for France's failed version. And Ms Le Pen would, I'm afraid, be even worse - Frexit or no Frexit. She is fiercely protectionist, especially of French farmers, and would likely fight to ban any and all British agricultural exports to France or make them prohibitively expensive with tariffs. She could also kibosh existing or planned UK-EU trade deals as Brussels well knows that together with her buddies Mateusz Morawiecki in Poland and Viktor Orban in Hungary she can make things extremely difficult for the EU whenever she wishes. Make no mistake, whoever wins on Sunday Britain loses.