In the lockdown comedy pilot, fans met the Jessops just before the pandemic hit, followed by a flash-forward to the end of the year. Mum Rachel (played by Katherine Parkinson) was desperately trying to plan a last-ditch Christmas holiday with her efforts all being filmed by her youngest son. On Friday, April 29, the series is set to launch with viewers able to see what the Jessops have been doing in their lives and how they navigate day to day life. Jim Howick, who plays father Paul, opened up about his time on the show and gave high praises to his co-stars. During an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk and other press, Tim opened up about his character's personality and how he felt working with the team. "He is a tangled mess of a man really, I think it sort of untangles itself when you come to realise he is just essentially a man-baby. "He's outwardly self-congratulatory and reasonably smug with his achievements, which is a big achievement. Making the Olympic team of any sport is a big deal. "And then that sort of encourages him and gives him the incentive to come up with the enterprises however niche. READ MORE: 'British public don't want them' Lady C on Meghan and Harry "He's an interesting guy to play, it was a challenge really because he's not particularly sensible, he likes to think he is, but he really isn't. "But yeah, (I'm) essentially playing the third child of the family," he said. Freya Parks, who plays daughter Amy Jessop, touched on the cast's dynamic and how she felt when working with Jim. "We all sort of clicked into the family dynamic quite easily, which was lovely, and it is very strange all of a sudden having the camera as another character. "Doing those long takes, I think we were able to get into a flow, and yeah, it was just fun! He [Jim] makes it hard. "I couldn't hold it together because he is just so funny, and I have so much respect for Jim. I think he is brilliant. "And it was really hard to be mean to him because Amy is just relentlessly cutting but so fun to play." Agreeing with her statement, Jim responded: "She is harsh, but as Freya said, the long filming days and takes meant it was really easy and fun to work with these guys. "I think having a good relationship with the people you work with really helps, especially if you have to portray a family." DON'T MISS...Alison Steadman admits to 'getting old' whilst filming for comedy  [INSIGHT]Alison Steadman hits out at 'woke' backlash over Gavin and Stacey [LATEST]A lot of butter in this!' Alison Steadman hits out at James Martin [WATCH] Jim's character is a former member of the Olympic archery team and often centres his thoughts and actions around that. Speaking about having to learn the sport, Jim revealed: "I had to go for an archery lesson with Tim Key, he is playing my archery rival later in the series. "It was a weird evening of a fever dream, me and Tim Key having this archery lesson, the poor man didn't know what to do. I did have to do it and it's incredibly difficult!" The synopsis for episode one reads: "When Rachel receives a family pass to Jungle World adventure park as a birthday present from Paul, to be redeemed anytime in the next six months, the family start excitedly planning their big day out. "However, as work and home pressures heighten over the course of the year, the Jessops only remember to use Rachel’s voucher on the final day that it’s valid. "Racing against the clock to get to the park before it closes, with an uncooperative dog that Sue (Alison Steadman) is looking after for a neighbour in tow. "Can the Jessops snatch victory from the jaws of defeat and give Rachel the birthday day out she so badly needs?" Here We Go begins Friday, April 29 at 8:30pm on BBC One.