Taskmaster is the bizarre competition series where celebrities go head-to-head under the orders of comedian Greg Davies in a number of random challenges, all while under the watchful eye of its creator comic Alex Horne. From tear-filled egg cups and elegant cake destructions to long-distance charades, the latest Channel 4 contestants will have their work cut out. Express.co.uk has everything you need to know about the Taskmaster season 13 stars. Comedian Chris Ramsey has been a regular face on shows such as The One Show, The Wheel and also hosted Little Mix: The Search two years ago. He may be best remembered for coming in fourth place in 2019 on BBC's Strictly Come Dancing with his partner Karen Hauer. The 35-year-old co-hosts the podcast S**gged Married Annoyed with his wife Rosie who he shares children Robin, five, and Rafe, one, with. But how will he fare when it comes to the weird and wonderful challenges in Taskmaster? READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts Bridget Christie is a fellow stand-up comedian, actress and writer who has also worked on TV and radio. She has made appearances on talk shows like Anna and Katy on Channel 4, BBC's The Culture Show and ITV's Mel & Sue. Christie was also nominated for a 2014 British Comedy Award for Best Female TV Comic. In 2020, the comedian featured in BBC One's sitcom Ghosts as Annie. Irish actor and comedian Ardal O'Hanlon shot to fame in the 1990s as Father Dougal in the classic comedy Father Ted. He went on to star in the sitcom My Hero as George Sunday, better known as Thermoman, and then became the latest detective in Death in Paradise season six. O'Hanlon portrayed DI Jack Mooney for three seasons until he decided to head back to London to be with his daughter Siobhan Mooney (played by Grace Stone). The 56-year-old is married to his teenage sweetheart Melanie O'Hanlon who he has three children with. DON'T MISS...'Can't stand to look!' Meghan and Harry blasted over security row [ROYAL]'I thought of it as a burden’ Ardal O'Hanlon's Father Ted admission [EXPLAINER]Taskmaster star Sarah Kendall recalls ‘standout cringe moment’ [CAST] Judi Love has been a stand-up comedian since 2011 but in recent years, she has been known as a regular panellist on ITV's talk show Loose Women. She has been making a number of appearances on reality shows, including Strictly Come Dancing last year. Love was also one of the finalists in BBC One's Celebrity Masterchef back in 2020. Will her varied skills prove useful in any of the upcoming challenges on Taskmaster? Rounding off the season 13 line-up is stand-up comic Sophie Duker. When she was just starting out, Duker was shortlisted for the Funny Woman Award. Her first show Diet Woke premiered in 2018 and has since been on various shows such as 8 Out of 10 Cats, Jonathan Ross' Comedy Club and Mock the Week. Taskmaster season 13 premieres on Thursday, April 14, at 9pm on Channel 4.