Supermarkets across the UK have been hit by the cost of living crisis, a price which has been passed on to the consumer as inflation surges at its fastest pace for nearly 30 years. Data from the Office for National Statistics data released in December 2021 across both the consumer prices index (CPI) and retail prices index (RPI) showed average prices went up 5.4 percent and 7.5 percent respectively. Couple this with rising energy bills, a higher national insurance tax threshold and soaring petrol prices, and millions of Britons are expected to be facing unprecedented struggles simply to make ends meet. The food bill, however, is an essential one - so how can Britons keep costs low? According to Nick Drewe, of WeThrift: “Britons are continuing to search for everyday deals and discounts”. Searches for ‘supermarket discounts’ on Google have also reached a five year high, with 3,690 searches in March 2022, as opposed to 488 searches in March 2015, a 656 percent increase. Though sales and seasonal discounts are one way to make a saving, especially on name brand products, Mr Drewe recommends four additional “simple tips” to help shoppers stay on budget. READ MORE: Meghan drops Duchess title in Archetypes ‘to rebrand herself' - claim According to Mr Drewe, the time of day you do your shopping could have a cubical impact on how much you pay - especially if you’re looking for discounted goods. He said: “Try to time your supermarket trips for when your local stores are likely to have just added yellow ‘reduced’ stickers to stock that needs to be sold that day. “Making the most of these heavily discounted deals will help you to fill your freezer up with discounted meat, fish, and freezer meals for cheaper food options in the coming days and weeks.” The expert revealed that supermarket workers most often “start discounting products that are about to pass their sell-by-date later on in the afternoon or early evening”, so a food shop after work “is the perfect time to grab a bargain”. He added: “Many supermarkets also have clearance sections where products that cannot be sold at their RRP or may have damaged packaging can be found. “Just make sure to check you are happy with the item and that the goods aren’t compromised before heading to the checkout.” DON'T MISSAldi shoppers praise £10 Specialbuy: 'best thing I've ever seen'  [COMMENT]Easter bank holidays: When are supermarkets open? [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows - ‘great’ [REVEALED] Couple this with rising energy bills, a higher national insurance tax threshold and soaring petrol prices, and millions of Britons are expected to be facing unprecedented struggles simply to make ends meet. The food bill, however, is an essential one - so how can Britons keep costs low? According to Nick Drewe, of WeThrift: “Britons are continuing to search for everyday deals and discounts”. Searches for ‘supermarket discounts’ on Google have also reached a five year high, with 3,690 searches in March 2022, as opposed to 488 searches in March 2015, a 656 percent increase. Though sales and seasonal discounts are one way to make a saving, especially on name brand products, Mr Drewe recommends four additional “simple tips” to help shoppers stay on budget. Mr Drewe explained: “Whilst many of us will stick to the brands we know and love, supermarkets such as Aldi and Lidl are constantly producing brand-inspired products which look and taste pretty much the same as the real thing, but at a fraction of the cost.” As well as being purse-friendly, there is some evidence to suggest that certain supermarket-made brands could actually be better for your health too. Mr Drewe said: “For those who are set in their ways, and only willing to eat their favourite branded goods, it’s worth remembering that one study found cheaper, own-brand groceries to be better for you as they have less fat, sugar, salt and calories than pricier alternatives.” For example, by comparison, one bag of Asda Smart Price ready salted crisps contains 99kcal compared with a bag of Walkers ready salted crisps, which contains 130kcal. The Smart Price crisps also contain 1.5g less fat and 0.16g less salt. However, this isn’t the case for every brand or product, therefore shoppers should be sure to check the nutrition labels on the back of food, and compare it with other brands. Take advantage of loyalty schemes Loyalty schemes, such as Tesco Clubcard or myLidl, allow customers to build points based on how often they shop there. Over time, this results in benefits such as money-off vouchers or other rewards. Mr Drewe said: “Another advantage of Clubcard, in particular, is a sufficient amount of Tesco’s products are on ‘Clubcard price’ meaning they are discounted down from their original price - instantly you will feel yourself knocking money off your basket price.” Loyalty schemes, such as Tesco Clubcard or myLidl, allow customers to build points based on how often they shop there. Over time, this results in benefits such as money-off vouchers or other rewards. Mr Drewe said: “Another advantage of Clubcard, in particular, is a sufficient amount of Tesco’s products are on ‘Clubcard price’ meaning they are discounted down from their original price - instantly you will feel yourself knocking money off your basket price.” Loyalty schemes, such as Tesco Clubcard or myLidl, allow customers to build points based on how often they shop there. Over time, this results in benefits such as money-off vouchers or other rewards. Mr Drewe said: “Another advantage of Clubcard, in particular, is a sufficient amount of Tesco’s products are on ‘Clubcard price’ meaning they are discounted down from their original price - instantly you will feel yourself knocking money off your basket price.”