Piers Morgan, 57, co-hosted Good Morning Britain on ITV from 2015 until 2021. After a heated on-air argument with weather presenter Alex Beresford seemed too much for the news anchor, he stormed off the set and eventually off the show. He used to sit alongside Susanna Reid on the show and now, over a year on, he has opened up about his altercation and how he feels Alex 'just did it for fame'.   Piers is just days away from launching his new show, Piers Morgan Uncensored, which will premiere on TalkTV on April 25. The broadcaster is no stranger to receiving complaints and negative tweets from social media trolls, and as he promises to be authentic on his new outing, viewers will be sure to be entertained. Piers has revealed how he feels about the infamous discussion ahead of his new show's launch. On the altercation with Alex, he said: "Apparently, he was heard out the back rehearsing his lines, clearly wanted to have his little YouTube moment of fame, and that's fine." Read More: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ after TV exit decision  Talking to The Times, Piers continued: "I know he was planning a Hollywood career. "I'm not quite sure how it's going; I've not heard any updates." The pair clashed at the time while debating the Duchess of Sussex's mental health and how she and Harry were creating their own path. Alex and Piers' disagreement wracked up 58,000 Ofcom complaints from viewers. In their March 2021 debate, the final blow came when Alex said: "I understand you’ve got a personal relationship with Meghan Markle, or had one, and she cut you off. "She’s entitled to cut you off if she wants to. "Has she said anything about you since she cut you off? "I don’t think she has, but yet you continue to trash her." DON’T MISS…Coronation Street theory: Toyah Battersby betrays Imran as he frames Abi in drugs twist [THEORY]Simon Cowell labels fellow Britain's Got Talent judge David Walliams 'desperate' [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Gary Windass forced to turn killer again after Rick discovery[THEORY]  When Piers had enough and left the studio, Alex was heard saying: “This is pathetic. Absolutely diabolical behaviour.” Piers had previously told Express.co.uk he wouldn't speak to the weatherman again. He said: “He was annoying enough when I worked with him. Why would I bother now?” Looking back on the events that took place, he concluded: "I shouldn’t have walked off the show when I did, but leaving, I don’t have regrets about leaving the show.  “Walking off because the deputy weather stand-in guy says something annoying isn’t right. “I wasn’t in control of my faculty. It was either that or give him a Glasgow kiss. I decided that wouldn’t go down well.” Piers Morgan Uncensored will be available to watch in the UK, America and Australia. Viewers can watch the UK launch of TalkTV as well as on Sky (channel 526), Virgin Media (channel 627), Freeview (channel 237) and Freesat (channel 217). Piers Morgan: Uncensored will air on April 25 on TalkTV.