#HerGameToo ambassadors Laura Hartley and Maria Georgiou will be the latest representatives on Express Sport's #SheCan series as they look to tackle sexism in football once and for all.  #HerGameToo was founded in May 2021 with the aim of fostering an ethos in football that allows women to be welcomed and respected equally. A voluntary organisation run by female football fans, the team dedicate their hours to support the progression of women's football as a community, alongside relationships with professional football clubs. Since its foundation just under a year ago, the organisation has seen support from people all across the nation. Indeed, Premier League clubs Brentford, Everton and Leeds have backed the idea, with widespread support growing with each passing day. Joining Express Sport's Pandora Forsyth will be Hartley and Georgiou, who represent Coventry and Crystal Palace respectively. Georgiou co-hosts a podcast called 'The Women's Review Show', and joined the organisation just a month ago. READ MORE: Three players Arsenal can sign to fix issue Ian Wright has picked out  Meanwhile, Hartley has previously opened up on how sexist discrimination prevented her from initially taking steps into the sports journalism industry. However, with support from colleagues, she now works as an audience editor for Reach. But despite achieving her goals in life, the Coventry ambassador has spoken out about how problems are still rife in the game. “I wanted to become a sports journalist at an early age, but the only thing stopping me was my gender and the discrimination I would face just by being a female," Hartley previously told the Telegraph. “I’ve unfortunately still faced these issues by being a fan. I’ve been very lucky to have male friends to support me if I face this, but also females to stand with me whenever we receive these comments. DON'T MISS  “Funnily enough, I know the offside rule, but it sadly hasn’t stopped ignorant comments being made to me which females face every single day just by supporting the team we grew up watching.” The broadcast will take place on Express Sport and Daily Express' Facebook and Twitter pages at noon on Friday 22 April. 