ITV veteran Lorraine is no stranger to using her TV show to help promote causes close to her and Tuesday's instalment was no different. The talk show host kicked off the 2022 No Butts campaign to promote awareness of bowel cancer and paid tribute to one of the driving forces behind the initiative, who sadly could not be there due to ill health and her "frail" state. Journalist Deborah is a patron of Bowel Cancer UK and has appeared on the ITV show to speak candidly about her battle with the disease. Deborah has been living with stage 4 bowel cancer since December 2016, and alongside Lorraine, the pair have been promoting the message of early diagnosis and awareness of the symptoms. On March 19 2021, Lorraine featured Deborah and Dr Hilary Jones on the show to launch the #NOBUTTS campaign, and one year on, the TV personality took to the airwaves to spread the word again. However, Deborah was unable to join the talk show host in the studio. Still wanting to be involved, she pre-recorded a video that said: "I'm so sad not to be there at the launch of the No Butts campaign. But obviously, my health has had a bit of a ride recently - still in the hospital. "Actually, sitting outside on the balcony outside ICU, but I'm getting better. "However, I've sent my mum along because this year's campaign is going to be bigger and peachier than ever. We have pants and flags. We're flying the flag for bowel cancer all around the UK. "And it's so important that we continue to raise awareness because ultimately if we stop it and catch it earlier, we can save lives. Thank you guys for being part of that and spreading the word." Missing her support in the studio but wanting her to rest and heal, when the camera cut back to Lorraine, she said: "Thank you, Deborah. "We're sending you all our love - I know she's watching this morning." Heather, Deborah's mother, was on hand to help Lorraine as the Scottish presenter continued: "Heather, as we can see, she's a wee bit frail, but the spirit is there! She is quite remarkable." Her mother replied: "Not the Easter we planned. DON’T MISS…Adam Henson gives sad update on beloved dog Peg 'Drifting into gentle retirement' [LATEST]'The Duke and Duchess of Netflix' Vine panellist blasts Harry and Meghan monetising royals [LATEST]Why is Better Call Saul ending after season 6? [LATEST] "But a good Easter in a different way. We put the bunny ears on - including me - and we delivered eggs, and we got outside of the ICU. "Now she's got the infection under control, and hopefully, she'll be back dancing soon." Good Morning Britain cut to a teaser with Lorraine and Heather outside the studio before the show started and the pair and several other supporters were holding a massive pair of pants. Opening the show, she said: "'It's just a normal, normal day here with a pair of my giant pants!'" The gesture was to grab people's attention and to help take the "embarrassment out of it" Debroah's video was tweeted out on the show's official Twitter account and several fans commented with their messages of well wishes and praise for the spokeswoman. @Susieq32140823 tweeted: "Deborah is an incredible woman. I wish her all the luck and best wishes in the world and pray for a quick recovery x." "Great to see you, get well soon," Margaret Kilday added. Chief Executive of Bowel Cancer UK Genevieve Edwards shared the same video and said: "Our amazing Patron, @bowelbabe raising life-saving awareness of bowel cancer with this brilliant @reallorraine @lorraine #NoButts campaign for #BowelCancerAwarenessMonth." Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.