Brighton have cheekily declared that north London "is ours" after securing back-to-back away victories over Arsenal and Tottenham. Graham Potter’s side recorded a stunning 1-0 victory on Saturday to dent Spurs’ hopes of finishing in the top four. It comes just a week after the Seagulls also recorded a 2-1 win over Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium and the club’s official Twitter account could not resist bragging about their double victory in the capital, tweeting: “North London is ours” with a smirking emoji alongside it. Potter’s men have become notoriously difficult to beat on the road and are yet to concede more than one goal in an away fixture this season. And they kept up that record on Saturday when they snatched a 1-0 win at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, meaning 25 of their 40 points have come away from home. READ MORE: Spurs chief Levy urged to change as Jenas makes bold Conte prediction Having been the better side and wasted some good chances to take the lead in the first half, Brighton found a second wind towards the end of the game. And Leandro Trossard, playing for some of the game as a wing-back, showed quick feet to dummy past Eric Dier and produce a smart finish with 88 minutes on the clock. After the game, head coach Potter had nothing but praise for his players after the game. “Credit to the players, I thought they were sensational from the start. It was a combination of everything really,” he said. “We were organised, it showed a good understanding of what we were trying to do really and courage to execute it. “They stuck together, understood what we tried to do and worked really, really hard on a hot day against a top team. They defended and made it difficult for them to get the ball into their front players, it goes without saying they’re top class, and I think the subs made a huge impact as well.” DON'T MISSArsenal star White targeted by sly Brighton dig after shock winArsenal lose to Brighton: Five things we learned as Gunners lose againArsenal and Tottenham target Bissouma makes Brighton exit stance clear  Similarly, Brighton took advantage of a sluggish Arsenal side last week at the Emirates Stadium and raced into a 2-0 lead with Trossard opening the scoring and Enock Mwepu doubling the lead. Martin Odegaard’s late goal proved to only be a consolation, handing Brighton a morale-boosting win. Crucially, that win lifted Potter’s side into the top half of the table and above their rivals Crystal Palace, who are in FA Cup semi-final action this weekend. If they finish the season there, it will confirm their best-ever season in the top flight, with their previous best finish being 13th in the old First Division in 1981-82. Few would suggest they should not celebrate their latest achievement after a superb collective performance from the South Coast outfit against Spurs, who clinched a narrow 2-1 win at the same stadium in November 2020. Brighton were beaten 2-0 at Arsenal last season too, and their consecutive wins prove their hold on north London is beginning to tighten.