However, just like other medicines, statins can cause side effects. Which side effects a person experiences will depend on the type of statin they use. In the case of atorvastatin, one of the common side effects is nosebleeds, says the NHS. Other common side effects include:• Nausea• Indigestion• Headaches• Cold-like symptoms• Constipation• Farting• Diarrhoea. READ MORE: Pancreatic cancer: 'A particularly bad odour' when you go to the loo All potential side effects of statins and other medications will be present on the leaflet that comes with each packet of medicine. However, if a person experiences a side effect that isn’t present, they can still take action through reporting to the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) through the Yellow Card Scheme. Launched in the 1960s, the Yellow Card Scheme was created so individuals could report issues with medicines and medicinal products. Through reporting it to the MHRA, the government body that runs the scheme, action could be taken.  During the COVID-19 pandemic a Covid specific Yellow Card Scheme was launched. With regard to Covid, despite other ongoing stories of salaciousness, it remains present in society. Recent data from a long Covid survey has acted as a stark reminder of the ongoing threat posed by the virus. Results published by the University of Leicester show just under one third of patients hospitalised with COVID-19 have recovered one year on. 750,000 people have been hospitalised with Covid since the pandemic began over two years ago. Two years on and over 1.7 million people in the UK now live with a form of long Covid. Dr Rachael Evans, one of the study’s authors, said: “Given that more than 750,000 people have been hospitalised in the UK with COVID-19 over the past two years, it is clear from our research that the legacy of this disease is going to be huge.” As a result of this study scientists and doctors are calling for more work to be done to support health systems so they can provide adequate care for long Covid patients. Professor Christopher Brightling added: “Without effective treatments, long Covid could become a highly prevalent long-term condition.” Covid’s impact on the body, from the lungs to the heart to mental health is well known now and the knowledge base is only growing. One of the problems with long Covid is that it’s different for everyone and, like other chronic conditions, comes in waves. As more people develop this condition more resources will be required so that treatments can be identified and patients effectively supported.