Anthony Martial has admitted it will be "very complicated" for him to continue at Sevilla amid his continuing struggles on loan from Manchester United. The Frenchman has scored just one goal for the La Liga side since his arrival in January and he has hinted that he will not be returning after his loan ends in the summer. “I see it very complicated to be able to continue at Sevilla. I’m not worried about that right now. I came knowing that it would be six months and then I would surely have to return to Manchester United,” he told ABC Sevilla. “I’m very happy with the experience of playing in a new club, as big as Sevilla and having minutes again. If we manage to be a top four team, we will have achieved the goal and I will be happy for the fans, who have been very good to me since I arrived.” Martial suffered a muscle injury at the end of February which ruled him out of three games. But he has insisted that he is now fully fit again and is aiming to step up his performance levels in the final weeks of the season. READ MORE: Man Utd announce Old Trafford redevelopment plan to start immediately “Now I feel very well. I was able to recover from the injury, which was a complicated injury that required a reasonable recovery time, but now I’m much better. I have been very careful to be able to return and be available to the team as soon as possible, which is why I decided to come to Sevilla," he said. “I’m working on it [to show his best version from now until the end of the season]. I came to be able to enjoy football again after a long time without playing. I know I can be at a higher level, and I work for it, but first the injury, then the adaptation to a new club and a new city, is being difficult for me because of the language barrier.” DON'T MISS: Man Utd 'know what I want' as Martial opens up on reason for exit (NEWS)Sevilla make Martial transfer decision that may impact Man Utd plans (TRANSFERS)Man Utd’s telling actions over Martial future after Sevilla goal (NEWS) Sevilla have seven games remaining of their season, with Julen Loptegui's side looking well-placed to finish in the top four of the La Liga table. They currently sit four points ahead of Real Betis who are fifth. Martial will return to Old Trafford when his loan deal at Sevilla ends, though he still has two years remaining on his contract at United. If he impresses in these final seven games, he may even be able to earn a place in expected new manager Erik ten Hag's squad.