''He treated his family with contempt, with the Queen possibly the last to hear of his departure. That interview with Oprah Winfrey, showering hurt on his family while Prince Philip was so ill and the Queen distressed'. ''Then he said he wants to make sure the Queen is being well looked after in another slight to his closest family. ''James says Harry is a great example to young people. I think not.'' ''The Sussexes should not come to the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. It will turn into the Harry and Meghan show.They turned their backs on the UK and Harry is still having digs at his father and brother'', says Linda Talbot from Craghead, Co Durham. ''Meghan has the nerve to talk about service at the Invictus Games. What does she know about it? ''Let them come another time with their children.The British taxpayer should not pay for their security.'' ''There was a time when Camilla was the negative element in the Royal Family, but that crown now sits squarely on Harry's head. His arrogance knows no bounds'' , says Richard Sherrell, from Towcester, Northants, ''If he turns up for the Platinum Jubilee, I for one will be denied the opportunity to watch events without the enjoyment that the Queen deserves''. ''It's not surprising that a poll showed Prince Harry isn't welcome at the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations even though it is a family matter'', says Diane Silva, Bournemouth, Dorset. ''I'd love to see him but don't want him to be uncomfortable. If that is to be the case, he had best not attend. He's had a wonderful Invictus Games and the boost to injured ex-service personnel is amazing. No one can take that away from him. ''Harry is his mother's son and he is being treated like she was too. The public can't see that for what it is.'' ''Here in the UK we have a leader who's been fined £50 while 1,500 miles away there is another leader waging a horrific war, killing civilians, bombing hospitals and reducing beautiful cities to rubble'', says David Jones from Pattingham, Staffs. ''Which one is in danger of being toppled? For goodness' sake, let common sense prevail'' ''I can quite understand Sir Keir Starmer's frustration at the Met Police for not disclosing how many more Partygate fines have been issued before next month's local elections ("Dowden: Boris will stay at the helm",April 25)'', says Robert Storey, North Shields, Tyne and Wear. ''This means that his candidates will have nothing to talk about to the voters when they go knocking on doors. Meaningful policies are indeed in short supply on Labour's side of the House''. 