Speaking to Ayshah Tull on Channel 4 News, the shadow home secretary repeatedly dodged the question of how Labour would have dealt with the migrant crisis. Cooper claimed the public had not voted for a plan that would cost “tens of billions” in taxpayer money, suggesting that they would have preferred the Conservative Party to “make sure we are doing our bit to support people”. Pressed on what she thought could have been done differently, Cooper said: “First of all, they should be taking much stronger action against the criminal gangs. “There is no alternative to the hard graft with Europoll and French forces to tackle those gangs and prosecute people. “Secondly, they should be negotiating the new, international agreements on both safe returns and safe legal routes. They promised us they were going to have that sorted but they’re not doing it. “Third, they should be speeding up decision making. At the moment, we’re taking fewer decisions on asylum cases in this country than they are in Belgium or the Netherlands even though we’re a bigger country.    Tull accused Cooper of being “out of touch” with Conservative voters who believe this is a “brilliant idea”, saying that was “essentially” what they voted for. But Cooper said: “I don’t think people voted to spend tens of billions of pounds that we have not got on an unworkable system that won’t actually stop the criminal gangs. “What people want is a fair immigration system and they also want to make sure we do our bit alongside other countries to support people who are fleeing persecution.” She added: “I think this plan is unworkable, it’s also unethical, and it’s extortionate in terms of the cost. “I think overall this is ultimately a desperate and shameful attempt to distract from Boris Johnson’s law breaking and also Priti Patel’s complete failings in a whole series of Home Officer errors.” READ MORE: Brexiteer says Britons 'not prepared' to put up with illegal migrants [REVEAL]   Boris Johnson announced a deal with Rwanda on Thursday morning that will see tens of thousands of unauthorised migrants flown more than 4,000 miles to the African nation. In a bid to stem the flow of people attempting to cross the British Channel, Johnson said the measures would “save countless lives” by undermining the business model of people smugglers. Upon arrival in the UK, male migrants will be processed and, if deemed to have a legitimate case for resettlement, flown to Rwanda, where they will wait up to three months for a review. If their claim is a success, they will be allowed at least five years residency in Rwanda with training and support packages, but will not be afforded entry to the UK. DON'T MISS: France 'could have stopped' UK's need for new Rwanda scheme [REVEAL]Priti Patel insists Rwanda scheme not 'one-sided' amid one-way flights [REPORT]Adil Ray blasted by GMB fans over 'car crash' refugee row with Tory MP [REVEAL]  The plan has come under intense scrutiny across the political spectrum, with Tory peer Sayeeda Warsi describing the move as “inhumane”. A snap poll by YouGov of almost 3,000 voters on Thursday found that 43 percent of respondents opposed the measures, with only 35 percent in favour. Zoe Abrams, the British Red Cross executive director, said they were “profoundly concerned” about the deal. She said: “We are not convinced this drastic measure will deter desperate people from attempting to cross the Channel either.  “People come here for reasons we can all understand, like wanting to be reunited with loved ones, or because they speak the language. Making it harsher may do little to stop them risking their lives.”  