Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick thinks Harry Maguire cost too much at £80million in order to sell him right now, according to reports. The England international has endured a troublesome campaign at Old Trafford, struggling under both Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. However, as Erik ten Hag prepares to take charge, it seems like he’s set to stay. Maguire was a dependable figure under Solskjaer but, under Rangnick, his form has worsened. Ten Hag will be manager of the Red Devils next season and early reports have suggested the 52-year-old will look to sign a centre-back, amid links to Pau Torres and Jurrien Timber. According to the Mirror, however, Rangnick feels Maguire cost too much money three years ago to sell him now. The Red Devils paid a massive £80million upon landing the 29—year-old from Leicester back in the summer transfer window of 2019. And the only player to cost United more is Paul Pogba, who cost a massive £89m from Juventus in 2016. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Rangnick also feels Maguire has ‘carried the can’ for some abject performances from United under his guidance. So that implies the England star will still be at Old Trafford next term, despite his form dropping off alarmingly over the past year. While Rangnick feels Maguire has been a scapegoat, he does have issues with three of his other defenders. He has doubts over Victor Lindelof’s decisiveness and decision-making, with the Sweden international also struggling for consistency. And Rangnick doesn’t think Eric Bailly and Phil Jones are of the required level, either. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Big things were expected when Bailly arrived in 2016. He was Jose Mourinho’s first recruit, touching down from Villarreal for a fee of £30million. But injuries have regularly hampered the Ivory Coast international, who only signed a new contract 12 months ago. Injuries have also hurt Jones’ chances of becoming the top player Sir Alex Ferguson expected him to be. And it’s likely he’ll be on the move when the transfer window reopens at the end of the season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Meanwhile, Maguire was benched for Saturday’s 3-1 defeat to Arsenal just days after he’d received a vile bomb threat. And Rangnick explained that decision by saying: “That’s not the only reason. “But yes he’s had a tough week and that’s why I decided to give him a rest today and start with Raphael Varane and Victor Lindelof. “It’s been a tough season for Harry, to come from what he did at the Euros, which was incredible. “I think people forget about the two years previously, when he’s been terrific, but I think he’d be the first to say it’s not been his best season. “I had to make a decision between the three of them, Harry has had a tough week so I decided to give him a break and play Lindelof and Varane.” Maguire will be hoping to start when United lock horns with Chelsea in their Premier League clash on Thursday. The match at Stamford Bridge finished 1-1 earlier in the season with Jadon Sancho on target. Michael Carrick was in charge for that game, though he soon left after being overlooked for the post of United interim manager.