Paris Saint-Germain have come up with three potential ways to keep Kylian Mbappe, according to reports. The France international is Real Madrid’s top target for the summer transfer window, with his current contract at the Parc des Princes due to expire in the summer. However, there’s still a possibility he’ll turn down a move to the Santiago Bernabeu as the clock ticks down. Mbappe is yet to make a decision on his PSG future, with Real Madrid hoping they can finally bring him to La Liga this summer. And Le Parisien say the Ligue 1 titans have now produced a three-point plan they hope will see the 23-year-old stay put. PSG, it’s stated, are willing to get rid of Neymar to ensure Mbappe is their talisman going forward. The duo both arrived in the summer transfer window of 2017, with Neymar coming from Barcelona and Mbappe from Monaco. PSG believe that by allowing Mbappe to have the spotlight all to himself, they can ensure the striker stays put. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Secondly, Mauricio Pochettino’s team are ready to make signings to please the striker and make him convinced of their project. Monaco star Aurelien Tchouameni is one player mentioned, with the 22-year-old widely expected to leave Monte Carlo for a new challenge. And Manchester United’s Paul Pogba is also put forward as a potential PSG target, with his current deal at Old Trafford due to expire at the end of the season. Thirdly, PSG could even offer Mbappe the captaincy. He was given the armband for closing stages of their recent 6-1 win over Clermont Foot, where he notched a hat-trick. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here How current skipper Marquinhos would feel about giving up the role for Mbappe, however, is unclear. And what ultimately happens remains to be seen. Real have already put funds aside to go on Mbappe’s salary, with Florentino Perez eager to bring the striker to Spain. But PSG are doing everything they can to keep hold of their prized asset, who has scored 31 goals from 39 appearances this term. Speaking earlier this month, the forward insisted he was ‘cool’ as his PSG contact ticks down. “I haven’t decided about my future yet,” said the 2018 World Cup winner. “I’m cool. I want to take my time because I don’t want to get it wrong. “I am thinking about it because there are new elements—lots of things, new parameters. “[There are] a lot of parameters to take in consideration. “I’m trying to figure it out with my family so I take the right decision.” In March, Pochettino insisted he was confident Mbappe would choose to snub Real in order to stay in Paris. “Mbappe is ours and we hope he will be here for a long time,” he said. “I understand the media needs news about one of the best in the world, but he is our player, and we hope he’ll be for a long time. “He already declared it’s not the time for a decision, so let’s wait for him to make a statement. “Everything else is conjecture and guesses at things that may be very far from reality.”