The decision to release James Duggan from jail and allow him back to his native country has been branded "horrific" by Rebecca Ryle's family. Duggan murdered Rebecca, 19, after meeting her at a pub in Perth, Australia, and left her half-naked body in a field. Duggan was jailed for a minimum of 11 years and six months in 2004 and, though he has served 18 years, he has now been released and is allowed to come home. When asked about how he felt hearing Duggan was released from prison, Rebecca's brother Andy said: "Anger. Sadness. Anxiety. Fury. The worst emotions possible really, and all the energy that has to be spent going through them. I find some small comfort in knowing this man will never set foot in Australia ever again, and my parents can rest easy knowing that they’ll never have to bump into him in the street. "However, I find it horrific that the alternative is that the British public is subjected to him, and that he can start afresh. I hope that by writing this, at least some people are made aware that this monster will be around. He doesn’t deserve the opportunity to start again. He stole a life."  Duggan is currently in an immigration detention centre in Australia, awaiting deportation back to the UK, Liverpool Echo reports. Duggan, who was released from prison on March 11, 2022, must have no direct or indirect contact with Rebecca's family, as part of his parole. He must comply with any and all directions and restrictions now or in the future, made, issued or imposed by the Federal Government or Government of Western Australia. But Andy, originally from Bolton, Greater Manchester, said: "It’s not an exaggeration to say that the loss of Rebecca destroyed our family. Our lives were utterly shattered, where so much happiness had once been. "We had come to Australia to start a new life, and within six months, it had been completely decimated. It had really gone from our dream life to a nightmare. "There’s no way of knowing the extent of the damage that the trauma has caused us and still continues to do so. The kind of effects that such a heinous and destructive crime has on your mental health is often overwhelming – especially when it’s clear that the person responsible continues to show no remorse or motive, nearly 20 years after the fact."  During the court case, Western Australian Supreme Court Justice Lindy Jenkins described Duggan's crime as "bizarre". Duggan, who emigrated to Australia from Liverpool, offered to walk Rebecca home on May 5, 2004, but strangled her for more than three minutes in a park. The thug never fully explained why he killed her. A parole board in Australia reviewed Duggan's case on November 19, 2019 and the Attorney General decided not to release him due to his behaviour in prison, a return to substance abuse and offending.