As the cost of living crisis continues to bite, a Techne UK poll for Express.co.uk has revealed 69 percent want the green levy removed from their energy bills to cut the price of heating their home and electricity. The findings have been seized on by Tory backbench MPs who have been urging Boris Johnson to pull back from his Net Zero commitments on the climate change agenda. Bishop Auckland MP Dehenna Davison said: “I agree! Would be willing to accept even a temporary cut - say 12 months - whilst bills are so painfully high.” North West Leicestershire MP Andrew Bridgen added: “I and many others were proposing that the Green Levy should have been cut or suspended in the Spring Statement. “There is never a bad time to do the right thing so it should be cut now, the Government knows it has to do more to help. “With the cost of living crisis and the cost of energy is a huge part of that.” The issue is set to land on the desk of Chancellor Rishi Sunak who is said to be considering removing the levy from energy bills. It comes as previous polls have revealed that the cost of living crisis is the number one issue for almost six in 10 voters. Worryingly, for the Government, more than 65 percent of all age groups oppose the Green Levy according to the Techne poll. In April the price cap rose for energy bills by 54 percent adding almost £2,000 a year to the average bill. The war in Ukraine and sanctions on Russia which has large supplies of oil and gas have made the issue worse. The Green Levy which funds renewable projects costs the average household £153, but some believe it is much more. Earlier this week Boris Johnson denied claims that it was going to be scrapped. “Actually green technology, green, sustainable electricity can help to reduce bills,” he said. “Overall, if you look at what we have done with renewables, it has helped to reduce bills over the last few years and will continue to do so. READ MORE: Boris on BRINK: No10 panic as frenzied ministers 'go to ground' “That’s why one of the things I want to do is use this moment to have, to really drive towards more offshore wind turbines. “This country used to be number one for offshore wind… then China overtook us. We need to regain our lead, We need to build them faster and we can do it.” Sources close to Mr Sunak and Energy Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng said that the Green Levy cannot be cancelled because it is written into contracts with energy companies. One source said: “You can’t ‘scrap’ them. They’re contracts with companies. “There are seven levies on bills that fund either insulation for poor and pensioners, the £150 Warm Homes Discount for poor, and subsidies for legacy renewable energy projects (which are keeping bills low because gas prices is high). “There’s a question over whether to move those levies onto general taxation (all those vital schemes are funded, but through taxpayer, not bills). But we’re not scrapping them.” DON'T MISS Sturgeon hypocrisy blasted as she hits out at Boris over Partygate [REVELATION]"I can see the net closing in on him" Tory civil war sparked for Boris [INSIGHT]‘Not at the expense of immigration’ Concern over India trade deal [REACTION]