Last week’s energy price rise combined with the cost-of-living crisis has created huge problems for the farming industry. Industry bosses have expressed fears that increasing costs for feed, fertiliser and fuel will drive up the cost of dairy products. According to the Kite Consulting, the UK’s leading adviser to dairy farmers, milk prices could rise as much as 50 percent, and butter by 30 percent. Four pints of milk are set to rise from around £1.15 to around £1.60-£1.70, while butter is predicted to rise from £1.55 to £2. Products for which milk is an ingredient will also feel the effect. Experts predict that cheese prices may go up for 20 percent, from £8 per kilogram to £10 per kilogram. Yoghurts may also be affected, but this is harder to predict due to the variety of ingredients involved. Farmers were prompted to host crisis talks in Brussels last week over the increasing costs and disruption to the supply chain. Alongside the rise to the energy price cap and cost of living crisis, the war in Ukraine has further exacerbated the problem. Farmers are being forced to increase the price of their goods due to spiralling costs- to run their equipment. Michael Oakes, the dairy board chair of the National Farmers' Union, told the Daily Telegraph: "I was paying about £7,000 for an artic [articulated lorry] load of fertiliser, and this year it's £28,000. “It would have been a little bit less before Ukraine happened, but it made another big jump because we'd already seen higher gas prices, which have implications for fertiliser costs." READ MORE: £33m-winning family face almost 50 objections for Hollywood mansion [REVEAL] Meanwhile, the British Egg Industry Council have said that there could be egg shortages “within a matter of weeks” due to increasing production costs. Farmers are said to now be losing money with every egg due to rising feed costs, adding 25p to 30p per dozen eggs. The industry body has also predicted that between 10 to 15 percent of farmers may be forced to leave the industry due to these costs. Rishi Sunak’s Spring Statement, expected to provide relief for the 6.5 million households predicted to no longer be able to heat their homes by charity National Energy Action, has been criticised for failing to do just that. DON'T MISS: Russian economy facing COLLAPSE with mega-recession this year [INSIGHT]'Are you kidding me?!' Ukrainian MP erupts at Sky News' Mark Austin [REVEAL]Fury as almost 3,000 council fat cats rake in more than £100,000 [ANALYSIS] Mr Sunak’s plan to help families includes raising the level of earnings at which people pay National Insurance to £12,750 in July, a 12-month long cut of 5p per litre for fuel duty, and a decrease in two years’ time of 1 percent of the basic rate of income tax. On Sunday, April 3, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps defended Mr Sunak, saying he will always be looking at what else he can do to support people. Mr Shapps stated that Mr Sunak has “already provided billions and billions of pounds to try to relieve the pressure.” However, Labour leader Keir Starmer has slammed the government, describing their attempts to ease the burden as “pathetic.” Shadow business secretary Jonathan Reynolds further criticised the government, stating he was “angry” at the scale of the crisis, and called on ministers to do more to tackle the issue.