Some have even gone as far as to suggest the move is "anti-English", as anger continues to grow at the policy initiative. In February, the Welsh government confirmed a consultation on proposals for a local visitor levy would be launched this autumn. Rebecca Evans, Minister for Finance and Local Government, argued the levy would raise revenue for local authorities, enabling them to manage services and infrastructure which makes tourism a success. Holidaymakers have expressed their disgust at the proposed move, with many saying it could deter them from visiting the country in the future. Mike wrote: "If the Welsh govt do go ahead and bring a tourism tax in, I'll definitely NOT be going to Wales once it's brought in. "My outgoings are way too much as it is." Jade Nicolson said: "I go to Wales quite a lot, especially in the holidays with the kids. "This would really put me off as I spend a lot when I'm there." While Jenny Alcock comments: "Surely by us visiting Wales we pay for things whilst there so they are getting a lot of income for our visit alone. "Fuel, food, tourist shops, restaurants. How ridiculous!" The proposed tourist tax was met with dismay by industry leaders, who said it would damage the prospects of a recovery for the sector post-Covid. Ashford Price, a leading member of the Welsh Association of Visitor Attractions (WAVA) said the idea was 'unfathomable' for the tourism industry and added the charge appeared to reflect an 'anti-English' agenda. Despite the general discontent, there were still some who supported the idea, viewing it as a logical move. Ieuan Williams tweeted: "Business rates go to Welsh Government. They're re-distributed as part of the RSG. READ MORE: Greggs customer says she was charged extra because she spoke English "Do they take into account the extra pressures caused by tourism? I pay my way at home and when I go abroad. "I don't have a problem paying a tourism tax in France, Spain or Italy. What's the problem?" Tourism taxes are not new ideas and are regularly applied to visitors travelling to Europe. Countries that charge the levy include many popular destinations for British travellers, such as France, Spain and Austria. On announcing plans for the tourism tax, Ms Evans said: "Visitor levies are a common feature in tourist destinations internationally. DON'T MISS‘Waste of time’ Vine caller slams Wales tourism tax  [REVEAL]The number of Police officers patrolling streets has been slashed  [NEWS]Camilla beaming as her and Charles step out at Royal Maundy Service  [SPOTLIGHT] "They are an opportunity for visitors to make an investment in local infrastructure and services, which in turn make tourism a success. "Without such a levy, local communities face an undue burden to fund local services and provisions on which tourists rely." She added: "The introduction and subsequent use of such a levy would enable destinations in Wales to be enjoyed for generations to come and encourage a more sustainable approach to tourism. "The levy would be proportionate by design, and powers to raise the levy would be discretionary for local authorities."