Ferrari has the opportunity to break a decade-long record at the Australian Grand Prix. During his days at McLaren, former F1 star Jenson Button took the chequered flag in 2012, which marked the team’s twelfth ever win Down Under. With Sebastian Vettel’s victory for the legendary Italian team in 2018, they too secured their twelfth victory at the Albert Park Circuit. Therefore, if Leclerc or Sainz win this weekend, they'll be first team ever to win the Australian GP 13 times. This would be the eighth other race where they've more wins than any other, on top of the Grand Prix events in Germany, Italy, Belgium, France, Britain, Spain and Canada. Leclerc currently leads the F1 world championship with 45 points, with his teammate behind him in second on 33 points. But defending champion Max Verstappen won the latest race of the campaign in Saudi Arabia last month, and rose to third in the standings after picking up no points in Bahrain. Following his narrow defeat by the Dutchman in Jeddah, Leclerc claimed there was definitely "more to come” and said he is identifying areas where they can “unlock more performance." JUST IN: Charles Leclerc warns Verstappen and Hamilton Ferrari will 'unlock more performance'  “I feel good in general, but there’s definitely more to come. The thing I’m happy about is not really the performance but that I know exactly where I still need to work, and what I need to improve to unlock more performance,” the Monegasque told RacingNews365. “Whether it will be enough or not to win the World Championship, I have no idea. It’s still very early on in the season, but let’s say that it’s a very good start to the season. As I said many times, I think development will be key, and we as drivers need to help the team in the best way possible to keep this competitiveness.” Ferrari team principal Mattia Binotto has also warned the team were still hard at work to find improvements. He said: “It wasn't just the winter (in which we worked hard). This kind of project takes years. It has been a long road and we are not finished yet. “There is still a lot to do and to improve. We want to bring the Ferrari culture back to this team, that's what defines us.” DON'T MISS  Binotto also sought to play down the team's chances of winning the Constructors' and Drivers' Championships despite their strong start. He believes it is Christian Horner's Red Bull who are the favourites rather than Ferrari to rule supreme. "I believe Red Bull is the strongest and the favourite," Binotto told Sky Sports F1. "Keeping up the level on a long season is a challenge, not just for us but all the teams. It's true that our competitors have very strong development. In 2017 and '18 we lost a bit of ground. But since then, in car design, we have improved our wind tunnel, technologies, processes and simulations and so today we are much better prepared than in the past to do a good job with development."