Tottenham Hotspur hitman Harry Kane would snub a move abroad, as he is determined to break Alan Shearer’s Premier League goalscoring record, according to reports. The Newcastle United and Blackburn Rovers legend’s 260 goal haul remains unsurpassed, despite retiring from the game in 2006. However, Kane is currently mounting a fierce challenge for Shearer’s record, having already accumulated 178 Premier League goals. The England captain has already surpassed the likes of Chelsea legend Frank Lampard and mercurial Arsenal ace Thierry Henry. But the 28-year-old was tipped to score even more goals when he was fiercely linked with a move to Premier League holders Manchester City. Pep Guardiola revealed the Citizens had four bids rejected for Kane, despite the fact the striker clearly stated he was after a new challenge. City’s pursuit of Erling Haaland, whom they have reportedly struck an enormous agreement believed to be around £500,000 per week, suggests they have moved on from Kane. And potential purchase of the Borussia Dortmund ace is believed to have made Tottenham confident they can keep Kane, as his focus on Shearer’s record means he would likely snub a move abroad. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel outlines why Romelu Lukaku is failing According to the Times, Antonio Conte’s side are no longer concerned by the prospect of Kane departing the north Londoners. Haaland’s potential move to the Etihad has restricted Kane’s list of potential suitors, were he to make another attempt of leaving the club. Moreover, this is also evident in Kane’s recent comments about the prospect of breaking Shearer’s record. "I think it is there to be done," Kane told BT Sport's ‘What I Wore’ via the London Evening Standard. DON'T MISS...Chris Sutton slams Jesse Lingard's clothing choice vs LiverpoolMan Utd icon Paul Scholes tells club to finish 8th in 'saddened' rantMan Utd icon Gary Neville admits he was 'unprofessional' on Sky Sports "Obviously it is still 90-odd goals in there but it is definitely an aim to try and reach it, I feel like I've still got many more years of my career to go. "Shearer was an incredible striker, an incredible No9 so even to be close now is great but for sure it is definitely something I want to try and achieve." After a slow start to the season which saw him only find the net once in his first 13 matches, Kane has since scored 11 in his last 18 Premier League appearances. And Tottenham boss Conte believes Kane will be able to build on his already fine goal tally now he has adapted to his style of play. "To have Harry in your team makes you stronger,” Conte said after Tottenham’s 2-0 away victory over Brighton in March. “Harry is starting to understand with this team, with the way we are playing, he has every game many chances to improve his record and score and to enjoy."