Lidl has recalled its Alesto Californian Pistachios Roasted & Salted, as the potential presence of salmonella poses a risk to consumers. Alesto Californian Pistachios Roasted & Salted Pack size: 200g Best Before Date: October 4, 2022 Batch code: LP200N22004 READ MORE: McDonald's fans spot unusual menu items from across the globe The supermarket stated: "Lidl GB is recalling Alesto Californian Pistachios Roasted & Salted, 200g with Best Before Date October 4, 2022 and batch code LP200N22004 due to the potential presence of Salmonella. "Salmonella can trigger severe gastrointestinal symptoms." Some symptoms of salmonella include nausea, vomiting, abdominal cramps, diarrhoea, fever, chills, headache and blood in the stool. Lidl continued: "If you have bought the above mentioned product we advise you not to eat it. "Instead, return it to a Lidl GB store for a full refund, with or without a receipt." The supermarket assured customers: "No other Alesto products in Lidl GB stores are affected by this recall." Finally, the retailer said: "Lidl GB wishes to apologise for any inconvenience caused." It then provided a phone number for customers who may wish to contact the supermarket.  It added: "Any customers with queries or concerns can contact Customer Services on 0370 444 1234." Food recalls can occur for several reasons. One of the most common causes is that the food packaging is incorrect, including misleading information, an incorrect ingredients level or undeclared allergens. Food products can also be recalled if there are any biological, physical, or chemical hazards found in the food that may harm a consumer. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) explained food recalls on their website. They stated: "If there is a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold, then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). "The FSA issues Product Withdrawal Information Notices and Product Recall Information Notices to let consumers and local authorities know about problems associated with food. The FSA concluded: "In some cases, a 'Food Alert for Action' is issued. This provides local authorities with details of specific action to be taken on behalf of consumers." 