 James Cameron’s ‘Terminator 2: Judgement Day’ airs this evening on ITV at 10:35pm. Widely cited as one of the greatest sequels of all time, the sci-fi action thriller finds Sarah Connor institutionalised and separated from her son, while also tormented by the imminent threat of a nuclear holocaust. Informed of the future, Sarah knows her son, John Connor, will survive and become a leader of the human race against an army of intelligent machines. However, the machines know this too and sent a cyborg back through time to kill the world’s potential saviour. Terminator 2 a direct sequel to the franchise’s first film, ‘The Terminator’, where a cyborg assassin was sent back from 2029 to 1982 to kill Sarah, given her then-unborn son, John, would become mankind’s only salvation. Of course, Arnold became a global superstar upon the release of the first Terminator film and went on to star in a glut of major blockbusters in the 1990s. He even reunited with director James for the smash hit ‘Truth Lies’ in 1994 before reprising his role as T-800 in ‘Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines’, ‘Terminator Genisys’ and ‘Terminator: Dark Fate’.  Read More: Queen and Adam Lambert tour: Win VIP tickets to a show of your choice  Notably, Arnold also went on to serve as the 38th governor of California between 2003 and 2011, making him the most recent Republican governor of the state. Yet how did the former body-builders co-stars fare after the release of the Terminator films? Michael Biehn played one of the starring roles in the first film as Kyle Reese, the warrior sent back in time to save Sarah Connor, and the father of John Connor. He only had a brief cameo in the second film however, and declined to be in any of the film’s follow up franchises.  Nevertheless, Michael went on to star in another of the 1980s' most notable sci-fi classics: ‘Aliens’, another blockbuster directed by James. Michael continues to act, having most recently featured in Star Wars series ‘The Mandalorian’ on Disney Plus, in which he played a gun for hire named Lang. Sarah, the main protagonist of the Terminator films, was played by American star Linda Hamilton. However, she enjoyed a steady if unspectacular career after the release of Terminator 2,  starring in volcano thriller ‘Dante’s Peak’ and featuring in television shows ‘Frasier’ and ‘The News Adventures of Superman’. Don't Miss:Robert Redford's 'immeasurable grief' in outliving two of his children[INSIGHT]Robert Redford's relationship with Meryl Streep once caused 'ripples'[OPINION]Paul Newman’s 'nervous' personality laid bare by Robert Redford[ANALYSIS]  Linda also became romantically involved with director James. The pair married in 1997, but it wasn't meant to be. They divorced two years later, with the actress earning a $50million [£40million] settlement in the process. More recently, Linda continues to work regularly in television. In 2019 she reprised her role as Sarah Connor in ‘Terminator: Dark Fate’, her first starring role as the character since 1991. Edward Furlong played Sarah’s 10-year-old son John in Terminator 2, who was sent to live with foster parents after his mother was institutionalised in a hospital. Edward had no ambitions of becoming an actor before starring in the film, having been discovered by a casting director while playing with his friends at the Pasadena Boys and Girls Club.  However, he won an MTV Movie Award for Best Breakthrough Performance for the role before starring in a number of films in the 1990s and 2000s, most notably ‘American History X’. However, the actor has battled substance abuse problems throughout much of his career, which has led to a number of run-ins with the law. He has since reportedly worked hard to get clean since, and even reprised his role as John in ‘Terminator: Dark Fate’ three years ago. He admitted to Youtuber Alex Yeyba, that he wished he had had a bigger part in the film, however, claiming: “I shot for one day. It kind of bummed me out”.  Robert Patrick played shapeshifting android assassin character T-1000 in the series. While T-1000 remains Robert’s defining role, he’s found success with a recurring role in HBO drama ‘Perry Mason’, while he also played the antagonist in 2013 comedy ‘Identity Thief’, alongside Jason Bateman. Watch ‘Terminator 2: Judgement Day’ on ITV at 10:35pm.