Since Russia invaded Ukraine, appalling reports of sexual violence being used by Russian soldiers continue to emerge. We will never forget the horrific sight of towns such as Bucha after the Russian occupation and the abhorrent crimes committed, especially against women. The UK and Canada are committed to tackling these dreadful acts, and the use of sexual violence in war, and determined to bring those responsible to justice. One in three women around the world experience physical violence in their lifetime. It is a devastating and inhumane act and has lasting impact on communities for generations. We’ve seen the lasting trauma in conflict across the world including Bosnia, Rwanda, Myanmar, DRC, Syria, South Sudan and Ethiopia. This appalling act is used as a systematic weapon to exert control and exercise power over women. It is as destructive in conflict as chemical weapons or landmines, which are both banned by international conventions, but yet to be treated as seriously. We must strengthen the international response and take all measures to end the use of this practice. Justice and accountability must be the norm for these grave crimes, rather than the exception. Legal processes are usually dysfunctional and complex, creating further barriers for survivors. These crimes often leave less physical evidence than other atrocities, making them difficult to investigate.  That's why the UK and Canada are backing the Murad Code, launched this week at the UN. This new global code, developed by Nadia Murad, who won the Novel Peace Prize for her efforts to end sexual violence as a weapon of war, aims to improve the pursuit of justice for survivors of conflict-related violence. It will set out clear standards focused on ensuring survivors can record experiences safely with reduced risk of trauma. We are determined that the UK and Canada should rise to meet the moment by building on international consensus and tackling this challenge head on. We both committed to standing up for women and girls through our foreign policy and placing them at the heart of our approach. In Canada, making the world a better and safer place through gender equality is at the centre of our Feminist Foreign Policy. In the UK, we will restore the women and girls budget in our International Development Strategy later this year.  In November, the UK will host a global summit on Preventing Sexual Violence in Conflict. With our friends and allies we will make sure accountability and justice for Russia’s actions in Ukraine is top of the agenda. We must take this moment to drive forward action and deliver real change for the women facing such appalling atrocities. But we cannot wait till then. In the meantime, the UK and Canada are stepping up to ensure all those complicit in Putin's criminality face the full force to the law. We were among 45 countries to invoke the OSCE Moscow Mechanism to establish a fact finding mission and expose the reality of Putin's war and rallied 41 countries to refer atrocities to the International Criminal Court. We are unwavering backers of the International Criminal Court (ICC) with the jurisdiction to investigate crimes committed in Ukraine. We will work together to do more to ensure justice is served and we will not relent in our pursuit of accountability. The UK has given one million pounds of funding alongside expertise from the Met Police War Crime squad. Canada will further financially support the ICC and send experts with the experience necessary to collect evidence of war crimes and crimes against humanity from the Royal Canadian Mounted Police to the ICC. Women’s full control over their bodies and their lives is a human right and those who threaten their security cannot win. They must be held accountable. Together, we will step up to support survivors and hold the perpetrators of this sexual and gender-based violence to account. We can deliver the fundamental changes which will help secure a brighter, safer, freer and fairer future for women across the world. 