  Piers Morgan, 57, took to Twitter this morning to blast Prince Harry, 37, once more in front of his 7.9 million followers. The journalist shared an article, entitled “Prince Harry says he is making sure the Queen is protected”, before laying into the royal.     In response to the Duke of Sussex's words about his reunion with Queen Elizabeth II on NBC's Today show, Piers questioned: “By quitting Britain & living 6000 miles away? “By trashing her family & institution on TV? “By snubbing Prince Philip’s memorial? “By writing a book that will ruin her Platinum Jubilee?” READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’       Piers’ scathing response comes after the Duke of Sussex revealed the Queen was “on great form” during their recent meeting. The royal has described how he wanted to make sure his grandmother is “protected” after dropping in to see her alongside his wife Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, en route to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands last week. Prince Harry told NBC’s Today show how the catch-up had allowed him to check that the Queen had “the right people around her”. Piers, however, remained unimpressed and his followers also took to the comments to share their thoughts.      Ryan Kelly wrote: “I honestly don’t get such the big fuss and commotion about the whole situation. Just let him get on with his life, what difference does it make to you?” While Peter Mullins argued: “Prince Harry and Meghan gave an exclusive interview to Oprah Winfrey making accusations about the Royal Family while Prince Philip was still in hospital. "And they couldn't be bothered to attend his memorial service a few weeks ago, over concerns about their personal security.” Kathryn added: “I think she can manage her own protection just fine considering she’s been queen longer than Harry has been alive.” READ MORE... Victoria Beckham shares David's cheeky pic of her passed out by toilet [NEWS] Piers reacts to Duke and Duchess' calls amid Meghan's £38k attire  [LATEST] Piers Morgan fires back as Laurence Fox brands him ‘chubby slug’ [UPDATE]      While Matthew Bestwick fired back: “So a grandson now can't be worried for his very elderly grandmother? Or because it's Harry it's deemed wrong to care? Amazing the bullsh** people think.” (sic) Journalist Peter Ford commented: “Very important that the Netflix bosses keep thinking he’s still in the inner sanctum. “To suggest he has some sort of advisory role over her is insane and offensive to those who are assisting her.” As Trevor Clarke questioned: “Has it ever occurred to you that he's gone to visit and has seen something that isn't right, why can't that be looked into he's said it for a reason?”       The speculation comes after Prince Harry sat down with NBC’s Today Show. Describing his visit to see the Queen, which was not announced in advance, he said: "Being with her, it was great. “It was so nice to see her... she's on great form.” “She's always got such a great sense of humour with me and I'm just making sure she's protected and got the right people around her," he added in a preview of the full interview, expected to air in the US later on.    