In recent weeks, Manchester United have been linked with Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong. Compared to Andres Iniesta and Xavi when he first moved to La Liga in 2019, the Netherlands international is still regarded as one of the best midfielders in world football. And a reunion with Erik ten Hag, it seems, could be on the cards this summer. In 2019, De Jong seemed to burst onto the scene. He sparkled for Ajax as they reached the semi-finals of the Champions League, with his slick performance against Real Madrid that year particularly memorable. As a classy midfielder capable of dictating play, creating and scoring, De Jong immediately drew comparisons with Xavi and Iniesta when he first moved to Barcelona. Not that he liked them, however. "I don't want to be compared with those players," De Jong told Barca TV in the immediate aftermath of his arrival. "It's the perfect club for a midfielder. They hold onto the ball well, they control the play, it suits me perfectly." Erik ten Hag: Man Utd’s 25-man squad for next season with six signings And De Jong, at times throughout his Barcelona career, has struggled to emerge from the shadows of the two Catalan legends. That includes now. De Jong had improved when Xavi took charge earlier in the campaign but, in recent matches, has struggled to make his mark. He was particularly bad over the weekend as Barcelona lost 1-0 to Rayo Vallecano in a defeat that damages their hopes of clinching Champions League football for next season. And United, as well as PSG and Bayern Munich, have all been mooted as potential suitors for the player. If the Red Devils win the race, then it will certainly be an exciting signing. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s 10 transfer targets at Man Utd explained Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd have five players who can be amazing under Ten Hag Sure, there’s no denying De Jong has struggled at times since his arrival at Barcelona despite his obvious qualities. But, on his day, the 24-year-old is one of the best midfielders in world football. Certainly, he’s among the classiest. De Jong is reportedly self-critical and knows he needs to improve. But Xavi, as well as Ronald Koeman and Ernesto Valverde, has failed to consistently get the best from the Ajax star. Ten Hag, however, knows all about De Jong. It was he who helped mould his compatriot into the superstar he is today, with their education at Ajax together key for the youngster’s development. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And with De Jong said to be unhappy at his current role at Barcelona, after being subbed off against Vallecano, a summer reunion could be on the cards. While he hated those comparisons with Xavi and Iniesta, a De Jong at his best is reminiscent of the pair. Barcelona, for their part, don’t want to let the player go. But with the club needing to make a big sale before June 30 in order to balance their finances, it’s possible their resolve will be tested. And their potential loss can be United’s potential gain. Midfield is certainly an area Ten Hag will need to address when he takes charge of the Red Devils at the end of the season. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Nemanja Matic has already announced he’ll leave, with Jose Mourinho hoping to reunite with the Serbia international at Roma. Paul Pogba is expected to leave for free for a second time, having previously quit the club for nothing in 2012. And there’s still question marks over whether Donny van de Beek is really good enough to play for a team of United’s size and stature. De Jong, make no mistake about it, would be a top signing for the Red Devils. And if he gets back to his Ajax best, comparisons with Xavi and Iniesta are bound to be made again in the future.