Johnny Depp last played Captain Jack Sparrow for the fifth time in 2017’s Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar’s Revenge aka Dead Men Tell No Tales, which ended with his swashbuckler sailing off into the sunset. During his on-going $100 million defamation lawsuit against ex-wife Amber Heard this week – in which he’s suing her and she’s countersuing him – the Hollywood star claimed he was dropped by Disney from Pirates of the Caribbean 6 a couple of days after her 2018 Washington Post op-ed claimed she was a victim of domestic violence. In court this week, Depp said: “Captain Jack Sparrow was a character I built from the ground up and was something that I, of course, put a lot of [myself] into the character and also having worked on these films with these people and added much of myself, much of my own re-writing of the dialogue and scenes and jokes. I didn't quite understand how, after that long relationship and quite a successful relationship certainly for Disney, that suddenly I was guilty until proven innocent.” Claiming he had been approached “to take part in Pirates 6”, the 58-year-old said he’d hoped to keep playing the much-loved character until the time was right to give him a fitting conclusion. Depp continued: “My feeling was that these characters should be able to have their proper goodbye, as it were. A franchise can only last for so long and there's a way to end a franchise like that and I thought that the characters deserved to have their way out, to end the franchise on a very good note. I planned on continuing until it was time to stop.” The Hollywood star went as far as to claim he felt “betrayed” by those he’d been working with. Depp said: “There was a very deep and distinct feeling of having been betrayed by the people that I had been working with, the people I had worked hard for, people I had delivered a character to that they initially despised.” The Pirates star has said in the past how Disney were concerned with the direction he was taking Jack Sparrow; bold creative decisions that would lead to an Oscar nomination. He told GQ in 2018: “Disney hated me. [They were] thinking of every way they could to get rid of me, to fire me. ‘Oh, we’re going to have to subtitle him.’ ‘We don’t understand Captain Jack Sparrow. What’s wrong with him?’ ‘What’s wrong with his arms?’ ‘Is he drunk?’ ‘Is he mentally f***ing stupefied?’ ‘Is he gay?’” DON'T MISSJohnny Depp rewrote Pirates of the Caribbean character [PIRATES]Johnny Depp's director Jon Waters: 'I never saw him act negatively' [JOHNNY DEPP]Pirates: Johnny Depp’s Jack Sparrow ‘bravest acting ever’ – Rob Lowe [JACK SPARROW] Depp’s latest statements in court on the franchise follow his assertion last week that he’s done with Jack Sparrow and won’t make Pirates of the Caribbean 6. Heard’s lawyer Ben Rottenborn asked him at the Fairfax County Courthouse in Virginia: “The fact is, Mr Depp, if Disney came to you with $300 million and a million alpacas, nothing on this earth would get you to go back and work with Disney on a Pirates of the Caribbean film? Correct?” The actor simply replied: “That is true, Mr Rottenborn.” The trial continues.