Rosie began portraying Emmerdale troublemaker Gabby six years ago and she has been central to a number of high-profile storylines on the ITV soap. One of the most recent was giving birth to Jamie Tate's (played by Alexander Lincoln) son, Thomas, and the waging war between her and Kim Tate (Claire King) over how and where the youngster should be raised. However, life away from the village is very different for the 21-year-old actress and her love life seems to be less complicated. According to reports, the soap star isn't currently dating anyone and it seems from the public eye, she is very much single. On her Instagram page, the actress usually posts images of herself and her friends having fun but none of them seem to indicate she has a boyfriend. Rosie, like many other celebrities, do like to keep their private life hidden from the media and there is every chance she is in a relationship. Many of her co-stars have confirmed they have a significant other but like to keep the identities of their other halves a secret. Therefore, it cannot be wholly determined whether Rosie is in a relationship or not but this is very different to the turbulent love life Gabby has had in the village. READ MORE: ‘What a fix!’ Starstruck viewers ‘livid’ over final result of ITV show Jamie has been Gabby's most recent love interest, before he left the village under the allusion he was dead and wouldn't be returning. This means, the mother of one is currently single and has been raising Thomas with the help of Kim, Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) and Bernice Blackstock (Samantha Giles). In the past, the young woman has been romantically linked with several other male characters, including Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant). Although the pair almost slept together at a house party, they eventually didn't when they were caught sneaking upstairs. Gabby later had sex with troublemaker Jamie Halstead (Jake Hayward), who only appeared for a handful of episodes before he made his exit from the show. Despite not talking about having a boyfriend to the media, Rosie has spoken a lot about one particular man in her life, her father. Unfortunately, when the soap star was just 18-years-old, her father John died following a pulmonary embolism, which came as a shock to the family. The 60-year-old did not present with any symptoms of having a clot and passed away just a week before his daughter reached her milestone birthday. Discussing the moment she discovered her father had died, Rosie said: "I was on a weekend away, and when I got told, I just couldn’t believe it because he hadn’t been ill beforehand. “I got angry because I couldn’t understand why and how it had happened. I can remember saying ‘No, no, no.'" DON'T MISS...Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Emma Atkins left 'devastated' by Charity Dingle's fate [COMMENT] "Dad loved being a dad more than anything else. It was such a big thing for him. It’s why I always tell my friends to reach out to their dads because you never ever know," Rosie continued. It's been almost three years since her father died and last year was the first time the actress opened up about her grief. Rosie explained: "Grief comes in different stages. First, I was shocked, then anger, and then I found myself trying to remember when I’d last seen him and what I’d said. "It’s why now when I phone my mum up, I always say ‘I love you’ at the end of our call. But everyone deals with grief in different ways and for me, I was just about to turn 18. "I can remember going out on my birthday with my friends and I just tried to put it to the back of my mind. That was how I coped with it all.” "Some people still don’t know what to say [to me] but actually anything is better than nothing. Avoiding a situation makes it awkward or weird," she said in an interview with The Mirror. The actress explained how she doesn't mind being asked about her father because she has a lot of memories to share about him. Rosie also added how her mother had been a huge source of support to her through her grief process and it had brought them closer. Both her mother and her father were over the moon when their daughter got the role of Gabby on Emmerdale as it was the first thing of its kind to happen in the family. "Dad and mum were so excited, and while they did build me up, they also reminded me where I was from," the soap star said. This week's episodes of the village-based drama also pays homage to her on-screen father, John Middleton, who played Ashley Thomas. The character was written out five years ago when the vicar was diagnosed with dementia and later died as a result of his condition. Speaking about Gabby's son's christening, the actress told Express.co.uk and other media: "It's important because her dad had a strong faith, he had the church in the village. "She wants it to be the date she selected because it's the anniversary of Ashley's death and it will be nice for the family to get together." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.