The Conservative MP for Hazel Grove launched an unprecedented seven-minute attack on Boris Johnson's conduct over partygate and the "toxic" environment his leadership fostered. The Prime Minister is facing a vote Thursday afternoon on whether he should be referred to a special committee for allegedly "misleading" Parliament on his knowledge of parties being held at Number 10 during the lockdown. Mr Wragg told colleagues ahead of the vote: "I care deeply about my colleagues, I know that a number are struggling at the moment.  "We've been working in a toxic atmosphere, the parliamentary party bears the scars of misjudgements of leadership. "There can be few colleagues on this side of the House who are truly enjoying being members of Parliament at the moment. "It is utterly depressing to be asked to defend the indefensible." Mr Wragg continued: "Each time, part of us withers. JUST IN: 'Chaos' Tories U-turn on major amendment - PM caves to rebel MPs "I have questioned my place in this party in recent months, perhaps that's symptomatic of a sway of our voters in the country. "But I tell them firmly I'm not going anywhere, and I urge them to stick with us at the forthcoming elections. But for us to maintain their trust and confidence, we must be seen to do the right thing." He added: "It is our responsibility, it is the Conservative Parliamentary Party's responsibility, we must stop delegating and delaying our political judgement. "We each only have our limited and imperfect integrity. We can't keep spending it on others who we cannot be sure would not let us down." READ MORE: 'Constitutional crisis' Peston says Tory MPs defending Boris today could lose their jobs Boris Johnson is facing the prospect of an investigation into whether he lied to Parliament when he claimed to have had no knowledge of parties at Downing Street at the height of the pandemic. MPs will vote on Thursday afternoon whether to refer the Prime Minister to the Common's Committee of Privileges in what was unexpectedly announced as a free vote for Tory MPs. The committee chair, Labour's Chris Bryant, announced he would recuse himself from a potential investigation after facing criticism about his potential conduct towards the Prime Minister. He told the Commons: "I have heard ministers argue quite rightly that there has to be due process. DON'T MISS:Boris to greenlight huge surge in Indian immigration as part of £28bn trade deal [REPORT]'Constitutional crisis' Peston says Tory MPs defending Boris today could lose their jobs [LATEST]Boris Johnson LIVE: 'Chaos' Tories U-turn on major amendment - PM caves to rebel MPs [LIVE BLOG] "I would say to the House that this is the due process - it always has been the due process." Mr Bryant also told the House: "It's actually quite a high bar that the Committee of Privileges will have to consider. "I mean I think it is... not debated that the House was misled. I think even the Prime Minister effectively admits that the House was misled. "It was said that rules weren't broken, and it is self-evident that rules were broken. "So the House was misled. It got a false impression. The question is whether that was intentional."