   ITV talk show host Lorraine Kelly made a joke about Piers Morgan’s “suspiciously smooth forehead” in a brutal jibe about him “actually managing to get another job”. The star will be interviewing the controversial journalist on her self-titled show, Lorraine, tomorrow morning.   Lorraine, 62, took to Twitter today to share a post Piers, 57, had tweeted earlier to his 7.9 million followers, to mark his highly-anticipated return to ITV, one year after the GMB fallout over his controversial rant about Meghan Markle. In the tweet he said: “BREAKING: I’ll be returning to ITV tomorrow for first time since the Markle Debacle… “Live & definitely uncensored on @lorraine⁩ with the fabulous ⁦@reallorraine⁩ - should be fun… With a swipe at his former employer he added: “(May even storm back onto ⁦@GMB⁩ while I wait, & get those ratings back up.)” He also shared a rather odd picture of himself on the Lorraine show, where the Scottish presenter could be seen reaching across from her chair to touch his face.      Lorraine then retweeted the post to her 692,600 followers, writing: “I’m checking for signs of any Botox and fillers on his suspiciously smooth forehead in this pic. “Worth a watch to find out how @piersmorgan actually managed to get another job,” she added with three laughing emojis. Fans took to the comments section to share their thoughts on Piers’ return to ITV. Addressing Piers, Simon John wrote: “That will be weird surely, returning to a place of work you were forced out from.”    Sara added: “I will be keeping well away, then. A bully like you shouldn’t be given any air time whatsoever!!” While Christine Channing told Lorraine: “Can think of nothing worse. Mouth almighty. Thank goodness I never watch daytime trash.” Poppy, on the other hand, wrote: “Thank god for that, could do with a bit of brutal honesty first thing in the morning!!” (sic) “I love marmite on toast,” she added under Piers’ post.      Marcus Edwards told Piers: “Not even bothered watching it since you left. No point. “All my family are the same. They’ve all switched off too. We’ll be tuning in tomorrow though.” James Campton even pleaded: “Oh come on, You have got to storm back onto @GMB tomorrow! “Please even if it's just a small cameo, the show has never been the same without you.” (sic)      Outspoken presenter Piers will be returning to the ITV studios tomorrow for the first time since he stormed off the Good Morning Britain set in a rage last year. Weatherman Alex Beresford accused Piers of having an obsession with royal Meghan Markle, leading him to walk off the set live on air. Since then, he has not returned to the show, but will be joining Lorraine in the ITV studio after GMB airs for what will be the first time in over a year. Lorraine Kelly airs at 9am tomorrow on ITV.    