Guests hoping for a hug from Mickey Mouse or Elsa from Frozen are in luck as Disney World Florida has removed social distancing restrictions. The park meet and greets allow guests to hug and pose for photos with character actors. During the pandemic, guests could not interact closely with the characters due to Covid restrictions. Disneyland Paris ditched the restrictions at the end of March in line with France’s Covid restrictions. The resort said: “Following the latest Government guidance, we are pleased to announce that Character Experiences at Disneyland Paris will start to allow our guests to get closer to their favourite characters for a special moment, a hug or a photo together. “Many experiences featuring Disney, Pixar and Star Wars characters will see this change.” READ MORE: British Airways flyers lose £1,000 after being denied boarding flight It’s an exciting year at Disneyland Paris as the park celebrates its 30th anniversary of opening. Guests can enjoy a new daytime show, new costumes for Mickey and Minnie and even a special new attraction, Gardens of Wonder. The anniversary celebrations also include new dining options at the park’s restaurants and an incredible new light show. Britons can book Disneyland Paris tickets or holiday packages online using the company’s booking system. A Disneyland Paris package includes entrance tickets and accommodation. Customers can also opt to include car hire. Customers can include a meal plan with their package which can be redeemed at most Disney restaurants. The price will depend on the meal plan selected but each menu includes a starter, main course and dessert. Customers can book extras after booking a Disneyland Paris package including special shows and meal plans. Britons could book their Disneyland tickets with the park and then search for a hotel deal on a comparison site. Booking sites including Booking.com and Expedia often have the Disneyland Park hotels on offers and customers may be able to save money. British tourists could also opt to stay offsite in a hotel or Airbnb located close to the Disneyland Paris park. This is a good money saving option as the journey takes just over half an hour by train from the centre of Paris.  The cheapest ticket option for a Disneyland Paris visit is a dated ticket which allows customers to visit on a certain date. This starts at £72.54 for a one day ticket and costs £60 per day if customers opt to visit for three days. Britons who want to travel further afield and visit Walt Disney World in Florida can book a package with holiday operator TUI. They could also choose to book directly with Walt Disney World where many packages are available.