Arsenal star Mohamed Elneny has pleaded with Mikel Arteta to hand him a new contract after the midfielder starred in his side’s 3-1 victory over Manchester United on Saturday. The Gunners put themselves back in pole position to secure a top-four Premier League finish after ending the day two points above their nearest rivals Tottenham. Elneny, who is out of contract at the end of the season, has struggled for minutes this season and has started just three Premier League matches, with two of those starts coming in the last week as the Gunners defeated Chelsea and United. The Egypt international has slipped down the pecking order at the Emirates Stadium. But he admits he wants to remain at the club beyond the end of the campaign. “It’s been a long wait for me,” the 29-year-old said after the match. “But you have to believe and 100 per cent I want to get Arsenal into the top four. This is my club for the last six years. They are my family and I will give everything to them until the last minute. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Rangnick slams three decisions after Arsenal defeat “I always love a challenge. I don’t decide who plays, but I keep going in training to show how good I am and to make him [Arteta] play me. And if Arsenal say ‘we want you,’ I don’t think about leaving. It’s my family for six years - I love this club. The contract and stuff - I’m just waiting for the club to decide what they want.” Arsenal needed just two minutes to take control of the encounter against the Red Devils as Nuno Tavares struck from close range after David de Gea had parried Bukayo Saka’s effort. And Saka then doubled his side’s advantage from the penalty spot just after the half-hour mark.  Cristiano Ronaldo reduced United’s deficit moments later as he turned in Nemanja Matic’s cross. But the Gunners secured the three points after the interval as Granit Xhaka fired home a scorching effort with 20 minutes remaining. And Elneny admits he is delighted his return to first team duties has coincided with an upturn in fortunes. “The boss just said that we have to believe in what we do and don’t change anything because we were playing well, even though we were losing,” Elneny added. “After the Chelsea game, we saw that the way we believed in each other helps us to win. I gave everything in training to be in the starting XI every game. I got my chance at Chelsea - I think I did well and, most important, we won the last two games.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here