Dressing room sources at Manchester United believe Paul Pogba is 'gone' as he enters the final few months of his contract at Old Trafford, reports claim. The Frenchman is yet to commit to a new deal with the Red Devils despite having an offer on the table and now Paris Saint-Germain are said to have entered the fray. Ideally, Pogba would like to wait to see who the new United manager is before deciding his next move. He wants to establish whether there is a place for him under the new boss and furthermore, whether United will be capable of winning silverware. At this stage of 29-year-old Pogba's career, success is at the top of the 2018 World champion's wish list. According to the Manchester Evening News, PSG have now reached out to Pogba's entourage to submit an offer. READ MORE: PSG 'could sell Lionel Messi and Neymar to MLS this summer' in surprise transfer twist The midfielder is now free to speak with foreign clubs after entering the final six months of his contract in January. United have already tabled a new contract offer to Pogba but he is yet to reply. Meanwhile, the same report claims sources from the United dressing room believe Pogba is already off. The France international is seemingly eyeing a new challenge after six years at Old Trafford following his return to the club in 2016 under Jose Mourinho. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'issued Man Utd transfer ultimatum' involving Ralf Rangnick during interviewTottenham 'reconsider Lautaro Martinez' transfer after agreeing £60m deal last summerMan Utd have interviewed 'mystery boss' battling Erik ten Hag and Pochettino for job Pogba has also attracted interest from Real Madrid, Barcelona and Juventus in recent times but at the moment, PSG seem more serious about signing him. The French giants have mastered the art of free transfers in recent times. Last summer they secured deals for Gini Wijnaldum, Lionel Messi, Sergio Ramos and Gianluigi Donnarumma without spending a single penny on transfer fees. Now Pogba could follow, providing he's willing to return to his homeland. It's claimed the former Juve man would favour a return to Turin over the Parc des Princes, though. However, at the moment, the Bianconeri are starved of cash and may now be able to afford the kind of wages on offer elsewhere. United will target a new midfielder in the summer transfer market regardless of Pogba's future. Yet the departure of the club's record signing could also prompt the board to carry out further business in that department.