Speaking at North America's Building Trades Unions Conference, Mr Biden went with the flow while talking about the situation in Ukraine. He said: “Look, thanks to the bravery, the grit, and the fight, the fighting spirit of the Ukrainian people, Russia has already failed in its initial war aims.  “Russia wanted to take Ukraine’s capital city of Kyiv and topple its democracy and elected government. “Today, Kyiv still stands, and that government still presides. This fight is far from over. “And here’s the point: This war could continue for a long time, but the United States will continue to stand with Ukraine and the Ukrainian people in the fight for freedom. And I just want you to know that. “And, by the way, if I got to go to war, I’m going with you guys. I’ll tell you. I mean it.”  Asked about his statement, Ms Psaki explained: “He has no intention of sending troops to the ground or fighting a war with US forces against Russia. “That was a reflection of his long love for labour unions and members of labour unions and not an indication in the change of the US policy.” The US has said Ukraine can “absolutely” win the war against Russia, despite fears the conflict could drag on for months or even years. Pentagon spokesman John Kirby said: “Of course they can win this.  READ MORE: Desperate Russian claims US general captured destroyed by BBC expert “The proof is literally in the outcomes that you’re seeing everyday… absolutely they can win”. Meanwhile, the UK has announced further sanctions against eight oligarchs and Russian banks, including the country's largest, Sberbank, and Credit Bank of Moscow. The European Union is also debating cutting off Russian coal imports as concern over alleged war crimes increases. Before the new raft of sanctions was announced in Washington, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said he could not “tolerate any indecisiveness”.  DON'T MISS:Macron savaged by Polish PM Rishi Sunak savaged by former Tory advisor over political ambitionsRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's security firm hiring Speaking to the Irish parliament on Wednesday, he said there was still a need to convince some in Europe who believe “war and war crimes are not as horrific as financial losses” to back tougher sanctions. He added that “Russian oil cannot feed the Russian military machine”, with Ukraine's foreign minister arguing on Twitter that an embargo on gas and oil was needed to truly impact Russia's ability to finance the war. 