Erling Haaland could still sign for Real Madrid despite the alleged agreement he has with Manchester City, according to reports. The Borussia Dortmund forward is one of the most sought-after names in world football, having previously been linked with Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain. However, City and Los Blancos appear to be the two favourites for the 21-year-old’s illusive signature. Haaland enjoyed another sensational campaign with Marco Rose’s side, contributing a terrifying 25 goals and eight assists in 26 appearances in all competitions for the Bundesliga giants. The former RB Salzburg forward will be available for around £63million, due to a buy-out clause which will be triggered at the end of the season. But there will be many other financial implications of the deal which could take any move beyond the £200m mark, once wages, and agents fees are considered. But the mind-boggling numbers do not appear to have put of Real Madrid or City, as Pep Guardiola’s side have reportedly ‘agreed terms’ on a monumental £500,000 per week deal with the Norwegian ace. However, further reports from Norway suggest Real Madrid remain in the running, despite the apparent agreement between Haaland and City. JUST IN: Arsenal ready 'important proposal' to Paulo Dybala as Juventus ace set for 'three offers' Haaland family friend Jan Aage Fjortoft claims Carlo Ancelotti’s side’s race is not yet ran when Haaland is concerned. The 13-time European Champions are still trying to lure Kylian Mbappe to the Bernabeu, when his contract at PSG expires at the end of the current campaign. However, PSG have renewed hope that the prodigal Frenchman will remain at the Parc des Princes. Le Parisien recently claimed Mauricio Pochettino’s side have offered the World Cup winner a seismic contract which would make him, by far, the highest paid player in the world. The French outlet claimed PSG are prepared to offer Mbappe a whopping two-year deal worth £800,000 per week after tax as well as a signing-on payment of £83m. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal However, PSG sporting director was quick to deny these astounding claims, stating they are yet to submit a “specific offer” for the precocious 23-year-old. While there have been various reports that Real would like to sign both stars, La Liga salary cap rules would make such an audacious transfer window very difficult to finance. Real Madrid legend Guti recently highlighted his desire to see Haaland and Mbappe in the same frontline for Los Blancos. “Mbappe inspires enthusiasm among all of us, not just at Real Madrid,” he said. “It's very important for LaLiga that he comes. “And if Haaland can come, all the better. If they don't sign Haaland now, they will never sign him.”