Stefanos Tsitsipas has talked up a future rivalry with 18-year-old Carlos Alcaraz after making a bold claim that there is “no more Big Three”. Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer have dominated the game for the better part of two decades but the world No 5 pointed out that they were no longer on top as he set his sights on filling the gap left behind in a post-Big Three era. Tsitsipas recently became the fourth man ever to defend his maiden Masters 1000 title and the sixth man to win back-to-back titles at the Monte Carlo Masters when he lifted the trophy for a second successive year on Sunday. He joined Carlos Alcaraz and Taylor Fritz in the list of this season’s Masters champions, with the familiar names of Djokovic and Nadal notably absent from the winners’ circle. The 23-year-old has now claimed that there is no longer a Big Three with Federer still sidelined following a third knee surgery. “Right now there is no more Big Three because they are not the three best players in the ranking right now,” Tsitsipas said ahead of his Barcelona Open campaign. While he didn’t think the Big Three were still a current force on the tour, the eight-time title winner didn’t count out Djokovic and Nadal as he saw the pair still contending for the biggest titles despite the Serb yet to play many tournaments this year and the world No 4 sidelined with a rib injury. “One of them has been absent for a long time, but I still see competition between the other two,” he added. JUST IN: Andy Murray performs U-turn as Brit to play Madrid Masters   With Djokovic, Nadal and Federer no longer occupying the top three ranking spots, Tsitsipas looked ahead to the future of tennis and tipped himself and Alcaraz to be two of the dominant forces on tour. The 18-year-old recently became the youngest Miami Open champion in history and upset the Greek at last year’s US Open. Praising the world No 11, Tsitsipas said: “Carlos is one of the most difficult rivals you can face today. He is very complete on all surfaces, as well as a good guy. And I think he will compete for many titles in the future.” The 23-year-old was also hoping he would be a part of that future, admitting he was hoping the pair could strike up a “beautiful rivalry”. DON'T MISSThiem 'really happy' despite Serbia Open loss denying Djokovic clashRussian athletes to be banned from Wimbledon in huge blow for MedvedevDjokovic rattled as Serb shouts at trainer during nightmare session   For now, Tsitsipas’ sights are set on the week ahead in Barcelona, where he narrowly lost a tight three-set final to Nadal last year. With the Spaniard absent from the tournament and Tsitsipas fresh off the back of winning Monte Carlo he is the favourite to lift the title but has downplayed his chances. "Although Rafa is not here this year, there are always great players here who always achieve very good results on clay and I will have to give my best if I want to win. I don't feel like a favourite at all," he claimed. But the top seed in Barcelona was happy to be back at the tournament and back on his most successful surface, adding: “I love making this trip from Monaco to Barcelona. I feel very good and I am looking forward to this tournament. Honestly, it's the surface I play the strongest on, but my goal is to have the same results on hard court as on grass, and I'm working towards it.” 