Mercedes star George Russell believes he and Lewis Hamilton can fight back in the race for the 2022 world championship but fears that constant improvement from Red Bull and Ferrari could prove too much of a challenge. Russell and Hamilton have endured a tough start to the new campaign due to performance issues with the W13. Both Mercedes drivers have lacked pace in the first two Grands Prix of the season, in Bahrain and in Saudi Arabia. Hamilton came third in the season opener but trailed behind in 10th in the latter, while Russell has finished fourth and fifth respectively. Russell, who re-joined Mercedes from Williams at the start of the year, believes he and seven-times world champion Hamilton can battle back. However, he fears Red Bull and Ferrari - who have dominated in 2022 - will continue to make improvements. "We need to be in almost damage limitation mode at the moment, pick up the pieces, when there's an opportunity, don't throw away unnecessary points, even though it may just be for fifth or sixth or hopefully, a bit higher, and make sure we were within touching distance always," the 24-year-old told journalists. JUST IN: Max Verstappen cautious of ‘dusty’ Australian GP track amid new layout "Then, hopefully, when the car does improve, we can come back fighting. It's a very long season, I think we've all got confidence that if we do things right, there's no reason why we can't close the gap and potentially overtake [the top two teams]. "But we equally appreciate and recognise that Ferrari and Red Bull will continuously improve as well. So, we could close up by six-tenths [but] there’s no reason why they can't extend by another six-tenths as well." DON'T MISS...Lewis Hamilton has two chances to break another F1 record this yearF1 chief Rob Smedley eases Lewis Hamilton fears with clear warningFerrari boss Mattia Binotto puts pressure on Max Verstappen title bid Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz finished first and second in Bahrain. Red Bull’s Max Verstappen won a thrilling battle with Leclerc to win in Saudi Arabia - his first Grand Prix success since beating Hamilton to the 2021 world championship. Russell has stressed that there is more than enough time for Mercedes to catch up, though, adding: "I think in Formula One, things change incredibly quickly. We are very fortunate that the calendar is not very dense at the start of this season. Even if it's a couple of months, we are only six or seven races down and out of a 23-race season. "Even if you come out the blocks incredibly fast after the summer break, even as Mercedes and Lewis did last year, you're still in with a shot." 