The cost of living crisis threatens the safety of drivers on British roads, as motorists are forced to miss MOTs to make ends meet. A recent analysis carried out by Halfords, a provider of motoring and cycling products and services, showed that one in 10 motorists have admitted to missing an MOT due to affordability. With motoring costs rising twice as fast as inflation, carrying out essential safety checks on vehicles is not only putting a growing strain on finances but may now also be impacting road safety. The research found that nearly half (45 percent) of British motorists admit that they are worried about the cost of essential car maintenance. Of those 45 percent, nearly a third of drivers said they will struggle to afford car maintenance as a result of rising costs, the study added. The figures also revealed that a quarter of those surveyed admitted to missing an MOT deadline despite 95 percent knowing when their MOT was due. READ MORE: Driving quickly when the car is cold can ‘waste fuel’ Additionally, 26 percent of motorists are said to be looking for ways to get a discount on their MOT. Car maintenance is a necessary expense, according to the experts, who say that Brits are being forced to choose what essentials to prioritise. According to the research, 41 percent prioritise household bills and 34 percent food shopping, over the essential safety check. The analysis also revealed that a third are struggling to balance the cost of ensuring that their vehicle is safe to drive, with 29 percent of those surveyed saying they had to rely on credit cards to pay for essential car maintenance. DON'T MISS 29 ways to save money on driving according to the RAC [REVEAL] More than half of all new cars in the UK should be electric by 2028 [INSIGHT] Drivers told to ditch petrol and diesel to save £1,900 a year with EVs [WARNING] Motorists are often caught off guard by unanticipated essential maintenance costs, with 39 percent having had to pay for new tyres, wiper blades (25 percent), and/or new brakes and brake pads (20 percent) in addition to their MOT over the past year. The average spend on car maintenance over the last 12 months was £274.40, with some spending as much as £1,000 or more (three percent). Halfords Chief Customer Officer Karen Bellairs said: “The cost of motoring in the UK is rising faster than inflation and worryingly our research has found many drivers are struggling to cope with the bills causing some to miss booking an MOT test. “We at Halfords are fully committed to keeping drivers safe and moving by providing affordable car servicing and maintenance options for all.” The research carried out by Halfords consisted of 2,000 UK motorists over the age of 18. The news comes after a similar study by the Motor Ombudsman discovered that the majority of people who do not currently have a service plan in place are planning to miss or delay their car’s annual service this year beyond the vehicle manufacturer’s recommended interval. This was, once again, because British motorists are attempting to save money in the face of the sharp rise in the cost of living, the poll said. The study found that female car owners, residents in Wales, and 45- to 54-year-olds were the least likely to either get their car serviced at all this year or take their vehicle to the garage on time once they had reached the next servicing interval. In addition, 68 percent of respondents said that they were looking to reduce costs this year by using their cars less, walking or cycling to destinations, and driving more efficiently. Others added that they will look for cheaper insurance and use public transport more often. Bill Fennell, Chief Ombudsman and Managing Director of the Motor Ombudsman, said: “April has seen a coming together of several cost of living increases, which have unfortunately hit the wallets of consumers all at the same time. “It’s therefore inevitable that something has to give, and our study has shown that servicing and vehicle maintenance is being seen as less of a priority.”