Steve Jones, 45, has opened up on his marriage to chef and food writer wife Phylicia Jackson, who he wed in 2014. The Formula 1 presenter said she isn’t bothered by female attention, which is a natural part of his job. Speaking to Express.co.uk in an exclusive interview, Steve said: “It doesn’t really bother her, people are polite and really nice. “It’s very rare that I meet a d***head when I’m out and about. “People come over, we talk about Formula 1 for a bit and then they go, we maybe take a picture. “She understands it comes with the job and it’s no big deal.” He continued: “I’ve always had the mindset of, if people are tuning into Perfect House of Formula 1, I am in their living room, and so the last thing they want to hear when they approach me out and about, is ‘get lost’. “It’s a privilege to be in someone’s living room and to have them watching you, it’s a big deal, so if someone wants to come up and say hi, it’s cool.” Steve calls his marriage his “greatest achievement in life”, and puts their successful relationship down to how similar they are. “I know a lot of it comes down to luck,” he explained. “It’s a popular saying, ‘opposites attract’. But we are not opposites, we’re very similar. “All the decisions we make, we make together, and they’re very easy because we have the same goals, the same taste. “We are very similar, we have the same interests, it’s very easy. There’s no arguments, well, there’s not none, we are only human, but they are so rare and we solve them very quickly. “And I think that’s one of the secrets of a successful marriage - marrying someone who likes the same things you like, it sounds simple.” DON'T MISS...‘Utterly cynical manoeuvre’ John Cleese lashes out at Tories Will and Jada Smith could face 'one of ugliest showbiz divorces ever'Johnny Depp's doctor says he 'cut own finger off' after blaming Amber US-born Phylicia is now a British citizen, but the couple brought a taste of LA into the home they share together. They modelled a bar in their house after their favourite establishment in the city, called the Roger Room. “When I’ve been away for a couple of weeks working, that is my favourite thing, sitting in our bar,” Steve gushed. “We call it the Roger room. It sounds raunchy but it’s not!” The pair met in LA, and they actually got married twice. First was their low-key London ceremony at Mayfair Library, followed by a reception near Tower Bridge. But due to Phylicia’s parents being unable to attend, the couple decided to tie the knot again across the pond, in a lavish Vegas bash. The couple were even given away by an Elvis Presley impersonator - and Steve loved both ceremonies so much, he’s even revealed he is keen to do a third.