The Easter weekend is shaping up to be “pleasantly warm”, with temperatures gearing up to reach the hottest so far this year. But come Easter Monday, the outlook starts to look very different from the potential record-setting bank holiday temperatures. Jim Dale, of British Weather Services, told Express.co.uk that there are “far more April showers to come in the aftermath” of the warm spell over the weekend. He outlined the possibility of “thunder-type showers” at the end of the month, with “temperatures tapering off” as April wears on. He stressed there will be no more “heatwaves - we don’t see that for the rest of April”. “A cool Atlantic airstream” is set to spark the colder temperatures, he added. Temperatures are widely expected to drop to the early teens next week as this “new frontal system” makes its presence felt. But before Britons reach for their coats again, Mr Dale told Express.co.uk that a “pleasantly warm” bank holiday is something for Britons to look forward to before the downpours. Mr Dale described how warm air would move up “initially from the Canaries” through the Bay of Biscay before arriving in the UK. There will be warmth coming up “from the Canaries and later out of the continent, out of France” as the UK reaps the benefits of “importing the warm temperatures from the continent”, and there will be hot air coming up “from the Canaries and later out of the continent, out of France”. READ MORE: Gove blasted as report finds changes made situation worse for renters Mr Dale told added that “some areas will get away with a completely dry Friday to Monday”. The east and southeast of England “will see the best of any brightness, and the best of any dry weather that’s on offer”, with most of the area “virtually universally dry”. For Friday, Mr Dale said there would be “no problem with the warmth side of things”, with “bright and sunny spells” for most of the UK. Although “pleasant warmth” depicts the scene for most of the UK, there will be showers and cloud cover across Wales and the Midlands. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Lord Frost outlines five areas UK must urgently exploit [LIVE] POLL: Is Britain making the most of Brexit, or could PM do more? [POLL] French election results visualised: Everything you need to know [MAP] For Friday, Mr Dale predicted that the top temperatures in the southeast will touch 21C in the capital and the surrounding region. The picture for the rest of the UK will be one of maximum temperatures between 14 and 18C. But, although “most parts of the country will stay dry” on Monday, rain will cover the west of the UK, banding from the north of Scotland to Cornwall and Devon. As this “new frontal system” moves in from the Atlantic, the forecast will turn more showery and temperatures fall after the long weekend. With temperatures “a little bit cooler for most places”, falling somewhere between 13 and 17C, London will clinch the maximum warm temperature of around 18C. After Easter Monday, the Met Office paints a picture of “more unsettled” weather featuring a mixture of “mist and fog, and some rain at times”. Showers are expected primarily across the north and northwest of the UK, but rain will be “developing across many areas”. They added that “winds are expected to remain light initially” before picking up later in the week in the western regions of the country.