In a heartbreaking report by GB News, George spoke about how he has already lost two stone in a month as he makes the tough decision on whether to eat or stay warm. The army veteran explained he “feels like dying” and refuses to receive help from a local food bank as he believes other families need the help more than he does. Sitting in his lounge, the 75-year-old told viewers: “I sit here until about 10 o’clock with no light on and I make a flask of coffee or tea to last all the time so I’m not using so much. “My bills never seem to go down and I can’t afford it. “I know that with the things I suffer, I’ve got no feelings in my hands of my legs, I don’t think I’m going to be alive for Christmas because I won’t be able to keep myself warm. “I feel sorry for a lot of pensioners out here. It’s going to hit them very much and I’ll be honest, it’s going to hit the food banks more.” READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? George could be seen wrapping up in a coat and scarf to stay warm but is reluctant to receive help from a food bank. The veteran who volunteers at the food bank said: “I won’t take anything from the food bank because there are families who need it, children who need it more than I do. “I’ll be honest, I just feel like dying.” Those watching at home were left shocked by George’s comments and took to Twitter to comment. Stu Anderson posted: “Sad isn't it. I actually get it. Some top up the electricity on a card don't they. Pay as you go. Will hit so many.” User Cosmos Cupcake pleaded: “He needs to take food from the food bank, that's what it's for. Poor man.” “If its about money...... remove the free bus passes, and give these folks free heating instead..... is it really that difficult. Just where is the humanity??” User Sandbag Jim posted. Simeon De BeauMarche commented: “The Tories could do something about this tomorrow - but they won't, this is what they want.” DON'T MISS...Pensioner insists she's not hard up on £12K a year 'I'm happy' [VIDEO]POLL: Should UK subsidise energy bills of low income families? [POLL]Malthouse voices concern over 'tricky' energy bills as salary increase [LATEST] The report comes after Breakfast hosts Anne Diamond and Stephen Dixon spoke to pensioner Sue on how she will cope with rising energy prices. She told the hosts she doesn’t believe she is hard up on her £12,000 a year pension. Host Anne asked: “Do you worry about money?” “No I don’t worry about money, I don’t consider myself a poor pensioner,” Sue said. “I get slightly more than the - the full pension is about £9500, I get about just under £12,000 so I can live on that. “I can eat reasonable meals and stuff. I don’t really drink anything but coffee. Milky coffee is my bag, that keeps me warm and stuff. “I’m reasonably happy, I’ve got my papers to read and GB News to watch. I’m quite happy as I am. You just cut your cloth.” GB News is available on Freeview 236, Sky HD 515, Virgin Media HD 626, YouView 236, Freesat HD 216, YouTube, mobile, online & DAB+radio.