The Head of the Mykolaiv regional military administration Vitaly Kim shared footage of the ambulance exploding in the car park. The vehicle is thought to be part of ten decommissioned ambulances that the London Ambulance Service donated to Ukraine. A total of 26 volunteers drove the vans packed with medical equipment to Ukraine just last week. With the clip, Mr Kim wrote: "Yesterday’s attack on a secret medical facility – a children’s hospital. The decommissioned supplies donated by South Central Ambulance Service (SCAS) are enough to save hundreds of military and civilian lives in the war-torn country. Staff from the NHS trust have collected the equipment, including traction splints, stretchers, field dressings and blankets, from bases across Hampshire, Oxfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Berkshire, Surrey and Sussex. The supplies will fill one lorry, with another two lorries set to be loaded with additional donations from staff and community groups being co-ordinated in Didcot, Oxfordshire. READ MORE: Putin’s military regroup doomed over failures in Ukraine This effort has already seen seven heavy goods vehicles packed with clothing, food and drinks, blankets, toiletries, baby products, first aid equipment and medicines reach Ukraine, with another three loads set to leave on Saturday.. Kate Ellis, a paramedic team leader in Oxfordshire, said: "The response we have seen throughout the organisation has been incredible from the very start and we have now ramped it up further with the donation of medical supplies and equipment which we know are so desperately needed in the conflict zones. "This will help to ensure people can receive care for up to 24 hours while they await emergency surgery in hospital, meaning there is the potential for this work to help save hundreds, if not thousands, of lives. "We estimate our volume of supplies will be able to supply one field hospital for up to two weeks and some of the equipment, such as the long boards and extrication devices, is of course reusable." Will Hancock, chief executive of SCAS, said: "We are all extremely proud of this work to support those most in need. "The resolve everyone has shown to not only keep delivering in the day job after such a tough time of late but also drive forward with this outstanding voluntary programme is truly amazing." It comes as Boris Johnson is urging the Russian people to find out for themselves the truth about Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine. In a video message directed to the Russian population, he said they only needed an online VPN connection to gain access to independent information from around the world. DON'T MISS Horror as more than 300 dogs die in Ukrainian shelter [INSIGHT]A look at EU’s reliance on Russian gas as Lithuania cuts off supply [ANALYSIS]Russia 'can't stand' NATO fight as Ukraine pleas for help [VIDEO] "Your president knows that if you could see what was happening, you would not support his war," he said. "He knows that these crimes betray the trust of every Russian mother who proudly waves goodbye to her son as he heads off to join the military. "And he knows they are a stain on the honour of Russia itself." Speaking in Russian, he added: "Your president stands accused of committing war crimes. But I cannot believe he's acting in your name."