Spring is the perfect time to fill empty vases around your home and there are plenty of seasonal blooms to choose from. Daffodils, carnations and tulips are just some of the best-loved varieties, but they can quickly fade away once the stems have been cut. Keeping flowers fresher for longer is easier than you might think, and it can be done in just a few simple steps. Flowers are relatively low maintenance once positioned in a vase and will generally last for around seven to 12 days with little to no care. Despite their short lifespan, cut blooms are still a sight to behold in any room of the house, but how can you make them last even longer? According to thortful.com, making a few simple adjustments to the water, vase and position of your blooms can have a significant impact on their longevity. These are the five key steps to take to keep your vase fuller for longer. READ MORE: Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants Time is of the essence when it comes to positioning a fresh bouquet, but don’t let that stop you from choosing the perfect vase for your flowers. Picking a vase that is too big or small for the stems could cause the flowers to wither more quickly. Take the time to size-up your bunch of spring blooms and find a vase that provides adequate width and height to keep the stems healthy, and petals bright. Thortful.com recommended cleaning your vase with warm water and soap beforehand in order to banish harmful bacteria which could shorten the life of your blooms. A vase of bright flowers can look even more impressive in the afternoon sun, but it's not always the best place for your vase to sit. While it may look idyllic, leaving the vase in direct sunlight could leave your flowers dehydrated and limp after just a few days. The sun and heat is the “enemy” to fresh flowers, so avoid any places where there’s too much heat and humidity. Place your spring bouquet in a shady area to extend their freshness. DON'T MISS:Heating: Cheapest ways to keep your house warm in winter and spring [ANALYSIS]When to plant sunflowers - key date for the best blooms [REVEAL]How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas [INSIGHT] Cutting the stems at a 45-degree angle and removing any unnecessary leaves is imperative before placing your flowers in the vase. This simple trick will help the flowers to absorb as much water as possible, keeping them brighter for longer. Take care to remove any leaves which sit below the water line to avoid any unwanted bacteria from lingering in the water. It is crucial to change the water after a few days to revive your fresh flowers. While it may seem straightforward, this one simple trick could add days to the life of your bouquet simply by removing invisible bacteria. Misting your blooms is another key step to take to feed your thirsty blooms, so spritz some fresh water over the flower heads and give the stems one more trim for good measure. Plant food often comes alongside shop bought bouquets in a small sachet, but what can you use to feed your freshly cut flowers from the garden? Whether your vase is filled with vibrant daffodils or colourful tulips, there are plenty of homemade recipes which are perfect for any cut-stems. Carbonate drinks like lemonade work particularly well to enrich vase-blooms, so mix a little into some water before pouring it into the vase. Two tablespoons of granulated white sugar are also great for boosting the freshness of your flowers. Just mix the sweet granules into the vase water before adding the flowers.