Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti admitted Karim Benzema gave him a scare as the Frenchman could not find his pass to get into Stamford Bridge. The experienced centre-forward was the difference maker for Los Blancos yet again, as he scored a devastating hat-trick in the La Liga giants’ 3-1 away victory against Chelsea. His second consecutive hat-trick has put the 13-time European champions in a very commanding position heading into the second leg against the reigning champions. Benzema has proven to be Real Madrid’s saviour this season, after scoring three goals in their dramatic 3-1 home victory over Paris Saint-Germain in the Round of 16 stages. But his sensational performance against Thomas Tuchel’s side, which featured two exquisite headers and a forced mistake on Chelsea goalkeeper Edouard Mendy, could be his best this season. His three goals in west London saw him take his Champions League goal tally for the current campaign up to an impressive 11 goals in just eight appearances. However, the former Lyon centre-forward may not have even been on the pitch had his pre-match dithering continued for a moment longer. Albeit with a wry smile on his face, Ancelotti divulged into the nail-biting moment Benzema could not find his pass to get into the contest. READ MORE: Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' “Before the game, Benzema was not able to find his pass to enter into the stadium,” Ancelotti said to Amazon Prime. “I told him: ‘Be fast or you can’t play!’. Then luckily Karim found the pass. “How to describe Benzema? I’ve no words (laughs). I’d say the Big Karim”. Benzema is entrenching himself as one of the best strikers to compete in Europe’s elite competition, as he has now contributed 82 goals and 28 assists in 138 appearances for Lyon and Real Madrid. DON'T MISSChelsea flop Werner floated to Juventus and AC Milan by agentMan Utd told to snub Tuchel appointment due to Romelu LukakuChelsea boss Tuchel admits he doesn't agree with Christensen decision But while Benzema’s incredible performance has put Real Madrid on the brink of another semi-final appearance, the lack of an away goal means Chelsea are still alive in the tie. And Ancelotti did not want to look further than the second leg at the Bernabeu. "We played well. Good control of the game, good build up from the back, dangerous counterattack. It was a good night but it is only the first half of this round,” Ancelotti said after the game. "We showed good organisation defensively. We had a fantastic performance up front from Benzema. "We have an advantage. We have to prepare for the next game in the league and then Tuesday will be another game. We have a lot of respect for this team who were the winners of the last Champions League."