The 3.1 percent rise is in line with September 2021 CPI figures and will see around 1.8 million Attendance Allowance recipients getting up to £145.60 per year more. Attendance Allowance is available to Britons who have reached state pension age who are physically or mentally disabled. There are two different rates for Attendance Allowance which is awarded depending on the amount and type of assistance claimants require. Higher rate - £92.40Lower rate - £61.85 This increase will see Britons going from an annual benefit income of £4,659.20 to £4,804.80. This is an annual increase of £145.60. READ MORE: You could save hundreds of pounds on your utility bills by making four 'adjustments' How to claimPeople can apply by post by filling out the form on the gov.uk website. Alternatively people can call the Attendance Allowance helpline to ask for a copy of the form. Attendance Allowance can be backdated to the date of someone’s claim. This is usually the date from when the application is received or the date they called the enquiry line. Many charities and advice websites note that the rejection rate for Attendance Allowance is often due to the way claimants fill out their application. The questions can often be quite personal and applicants may find they want to understate their needs out of embarrassment or simply forget to note everything. This can be detrimental as benefit eligibility is reliant on claimants needing a certain amount of care for a certain amount of time. Therefore, by understating or underestimating needs, they run the risk of being seen as ineligible for the benefit. By successfully claiming Attendance Allowance, people can also qualify for various other benefits such as Pension Credit, council tax reduction or housing benefit. Tomorrow (April 15) and next Monday, (April 18), are public bank holidays due to the Easter weekend. Because of this, benefit claimants are cautioned that the DWP offices will be closed. Britons expecting benefit payments on these dates will instead receive their benefit payments on Thursday April 14. This is regardless of whether they are due to be paid on Friday or Monday.