The Archbishop of Canterbury will use his Easter sermon to criticise the Prime Minister and his Cabinet colleagues after Mr Johnson unveiled fresh plans to stop Channel crossing migrants arriving from in the UK. A record-breaking 28,395 migrants reached British shores in 2021 after making the perilous 21-mile journey from Calais. Speaking about his plan during a visit to Kent, the Prime Minister said: "Our compassion may be infinite but our capacity to help people is not. "We can't ask the British taxpayer to write a blank cheque to cover the costs of anyone who might want to come and live here." The Government's plan will see illegal immigrants, including those who have crossed the Channel in small boats, travel 6,000 miles to east Africa. However, Welby will claim the plan to send tens of thousands of asylum seekers to Rwanda will not stand up to God’s judgement, according to the Times. JUST IN: UK weather: Mercury to dip from Easter Sunday days after Brits basked in 23C scorcher Speaking at the Holy Communion service at Canterbury Cathedral later today, he will say the details of the proposal are "for politics" but "the principle must stand the judgment of God and it cannot". He will add: "It cannot carry the weight of resurrection justice, of life conquering death. "It cannot carry the weight of the resurrection that was first to the least valued, for it privileges the rich and strong. "And it cannot carry the weight of our national responsibility as a country formed by Christian values, because sub-contracting out our responsibilities, even to a country that seeks to do well like Rwanda, is the opposite of the nature of God, who himself took responsibility for our failures." READ MORE: ‘Creaking at the seams’ Brexit anger as motorists told to ‘get used to’ Dover travel chaos The Archbishop of Canterbury will not be the first to criticise Mr Johnson and his Home Secretary Priti Patel over the plan. Human rights groups, opposition MPs and the United Nations have slammed the plan. Gillian Triggs, assistant secretary-general at the UN refugee agency, even said the scheme was an "egregious breach of international and refugee law". It has been revealed Ms Patel had to personally approve the £120million scheme after officials inside the Home Office voiced concern about the cost of the Rwanda deal. DON'T MISS: Andrew Neil issues warning to Macron over Frexit campaign move [REVEAL]Boris heads to India for £28BILLION trade deal [SPOTLIGHT]UK's international law on refugees may thwart Rwanda deal [COMMENT] However, a senior Government source has claimed the policy has shown that Mr Johnson had "got the big calls right". Looking ahead to 2024, the insider told Express.co.uk: "If we can have four or five other big moments before the next election, then there's all to play for."