Boris Johnson has had a turbulent few months as Prime Minister following initial reports lockdown-breaching parties had been held inside Downing Street while Brits faced Covid-curbing restrictions. But Number 10 has now revealed Mr Johnson and his Chancellor Rishi Sunak have been notified they will receive fixed term penalty notices following Scotland Yard’s Operation Hillman investigation. A statement from Downing Street said: “The Prime Minister and Chancellor of the Exchequer have today received notification that the Metropolitan police intend to issue them with fixed penalty notices. “We have no further details, but we will update you again when we do.” The announcement could spell trouble for the Prime Minister after opposition leaders called for Mr Johnson to resign. However, following revelations about the Chancellor’s wife having a ‘non-dom’ tax status in the UK, the fixed term penalty announcement could cause even greater problems for Mr Sunak. A Tory source told Express.co.uk the Chancellor could be out of Government shortly after Brits head to the polls for the local elections on May 5. They said: “I think Rishi is finished and will either resign or be shuffled post-locals. “His lack of loyalty to the Prime Minister over partygate has come back to haunt him. JUST IN: POLL: Should Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak resign after breaking OWN lockdown laws? Michael Fabricant, a Tory MP who has been supportive of the Prime Minister, also suggested the Prime Minister should remain in office. The Brexit-backing Lichfield MP told GB News: “I think Boris, at the end of the day, has the support of most people who realise that in this difficult time he is doing a good job being Prime Minister.” Even Sir Roger Gale, who was one of the first Tory MPs to put his head above the parapet and call on the Prime Minister to resign, appeared to call on Mr Johnson to stay put. The Thanet North MP said now is not the time to “unseat” the Prime Minister, according to the Telegraph’s Christopher Hope. However, a recent Ipsos opinion poll indicated a majority of Brits believe Mr Johnson should resign as Prime Minister if he was issued with a fixed penalty notice. The survey found 52 percent of respondents wanted him to quit and just 22 percent wanted him to stay in Number 10. Lord Gavin Barwell appeared to suggest Conservative MPs had a duty to call time on the Prime Minister’s Downing Street days. DON'T MISS:Sturgeon and Starmer order Boris to resign as PM and Sunak to be fined by Met Police [REVEALED]Ukraine war showing 'Brexit was probably good idea' as EU 'must pull its socks together' [SPOTLIGHT]Tory MP apologises and retracts statement defending sex offender Khan after backlash [INSIGHT] The ex-Tory MP for Croydon Central and Remain-supporting former Chief of Staff to Theresa May said on Twitter: “If the Prime Minister accepts the penalty notice, he is admitting he broke the law and lied. “He won't resign (though Rishi Sunak might), so whether he stays is in the hands of Conservative MPs. “What they decide will define their and the party's reputation for the forseeable future.” Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer was more direct and called on Mr Johnson and Mr Sunak to resign. He said: “Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak have broken the law and repeatedly lied to the British public. “They must both resign. The Conservatives are totally unfit to govern. Britain deserves better.” Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey, who hopes to land a blow against the Tories in the upcoming local elections, added: “This is a Government in crisis neglecting a country in crisis.